<doc id="30996613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996613" title="Digital Region">
Digital Region

Digital Region is the name of a project in South Yorkshire set up to establish a high-speed broadband network in the region, with 98% coverage expected by the end of 2012. It is the first of its kind in the UK. The project is being co-ordinated by "Digital Region Ltd." which is owned by The Department for Business, Innovation & Skills (having taken over the role from the now defunct Yorkshire Forward), and the four local authorities that encompass South Yorkshire, these are Sheffield City Council, Barnsley Metropolitan Borough Council, Doncaster Metropolitan Borough Council and Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council. Thales Group was chosen to design, deliver and manage the project on behalf of "Digital Region Ltd.".
As of 15 August 2013, this project has since collapsed due to the ongoing financial issues it has been facing.
Funding.
The hope of the project was that it would eventually become self-financing, however loans and grants have enabled the project to start. The project has received:
Due to low takeup, the project is still suffering a very significant operating loss; not even taking into account the substantial interest payments due on loans for capital construction.
Coverage.
The project will cover the city, towns and villages of Sheffield, Barnsley, Doncaster and Rotherham and is expected to serve around 1.3 million people, 546000 homes and 40000 businesses.
Update.
While the project has been built out substantially, it has so far had a low takeup. No major consumer ISPs have signed up to resell services on this network, and the incumbent telephone operator, British Telecom, is now deploying its own fibre-based broadband services, attracting many more users due to an existing user base upgrading and the wide variety of ISPs available (PlusNet, Sky, TalkTalk, BT, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="30996616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996616" title="Iván Kamarás">
Iván Kamarás

Ivan Kamaras (born 22 December 1972) is a Hungarian actor best known worldwide for his role as Agent Steel in the 2008 superhero fantasy thriller "", directed by Guillermo del Toro. In January 2011, he played a Hungarian detective, Tibor Orban, in "Bloodlines", the fourth episode in the 14th series of the BBC crime drama "Silent Witness". He lives in Santa Monica, California.
Personal life.
Kamarás was born and raised in Pécs, Hungary. His mother, Teodóra Uhrik, and his stepfather, Pál Lovas, were both ballet dancers, and much of his childhood was spent in theatres. When he was seven, the family acquired a recording of the 1980 BBC production of "Hamlet" starring Derek Jacobi as Hamlet and Patrick Stewart as Claudius. Kamarás fell in love with the role of Hamlet and within two or three years had learned Hamlet's monologues from the play by heart. From 1991 to 1995, he studied at the Academy of Theatre and Film in Budapest.
Career.
Theatre.
From 1995 until 1997 he was a member of the Budapest Chamber Theatre, between 1997 and 2008 a member of the Comedy Theatre of Budapest. He won widespread admiration for his first role playing Othello at the age of 23 in 1995. For the Budapest Chamber Theatre he has also starred as Horst in Martin Sherman’s "Bent" (1996), Treplyov in Anton Chekhov’s "The Seagull" (1997), Stanley Kowalski in Tennessee Williams's "A Streetcar Named Desire" in 1999 (a role he had previously played for the National Theatre of Győr in 1997), Romeo in "Romeo and Juliet" (1998), and James Tyrone Jr in "A Moon for the Misbegotten" by Eugene O’Neill (2003).
For the Comedy Theatre of Budapest he has played Wayne in Ben Elton’s "Popcorn" (1998), Alyosha in an adaptation of Dostoevsky's "The Brothers Karamazov" (1999), Edmund in "King Lear" (2001), Su Fu in Brecht’s "The Good Person of Szechwan" (2001), Raskolnikov in an adaptation of Dostoevsky's "Crime and Punishment" (2001), Eugenio in "The Coffee House" by Carlo Goldoni (2005), Benedict in "Much Ado About Nothing" (2007), and Trofimov and Pjotr Sergeyevich in "The Cherry Orchard" (2007).
He has also played Julien Sorel in an adaptation of "The Red and the Black" by Stendhal for Gyor National Theatre (1995), Brick in Williams's "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" (2000) for the Pest Theatre, Antony in "Antony and Cleopatra" (2002) for the Pest Theatre, Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester in Friedrich Schiller’s "Mary Stuart" (2006) for the Pest Theatre, Christian in "Festen" for the Pest Theatre (2006), Jamie in Jason Robert Brown’s one-act musical two-hander "The Last Five Years" for the Palace of the Arts (2007), a role he debuted in Hungary, and Ruy Blas in the Szeged National Theatre production of Victor Hugo's "Ruy Blas" (2009).
Film.
Aside from his role as Agent Steel in "Hellboy II: The Golden Army", Kamarás has had an extensive career in Hungarian cinema. Notable roles have included the hit bedroom farce "Out of Order" (1997), in which he played a jealous boxer in pursuit of his errant girlfriend and her politician lover, the thriller "Európa expressz" (1999), in which he played Jimmy, a man who becomes caught up in events when the train he is in is hijacked by a Russian mafia boss, and more recently the cult comedy "GlassTiger 3" (2010), in which he played Ferenc Csopkai, a rich lawyer who pursues the bumbling heroes after they steal his car and with it a huge sum in cash.
Television.
In addition to "Silent Witness" – in which his character, detective Tibor Orban, helped to uncover a baby-farming racket in Budapest while trying to track down series regular, forensic pathologist Dr Harry Cunningham – Kamarás has played Pipin, the son of Charlemagne, in the miniseries "Charlemagne" (1993); Louis II, King of Hungary, in the costume drama "Mohacs" (1995); Ivan, a man who becomes obsessed on his wedding day with his newly met twin sister in "Alice and the Seven Wolves" (2009); and the machiavellian nightclub owner and antihero Evil in the 10-part drama "First Generation" (2001). He was also the creative force behind Mobile Poem, a series of poetry readings done by notable Hungarian actors and filmed on mobile phone, which screened on the Hungarian TV channel MTV1 in 2009.
Music.
He has released two solo pop albums – "Bombajó" (2000), and "Revelation" (2005) – and been a contributor to two others, "So We Sing" (2003) and "Actor Songs" (2009).
Directing.
Kamarás has shot an experimental film on his mobile phone, "Sigh", which was inspired by the Yukio Mishima drama "Aoi no Ue" and which screened at the Hungarian Film Festival in 2005 and the Moziünnep film festival in 2006. He undertook a course in directing at UCLA in 2009 and in the same year directed a production of Tchaikovsky’s opera "Eugene Onegin" at Keszthely Castle, Hungary.
Awards.
He has won six awards for his work in Hungarian theatre: the Szinikritikusok critics’ award (1996) for "Othello", the Andor Ajtay memorial award and the Hegedus Gyula award in 2000 for "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", the Súgó Csiga-díj (a prize for most popular actor voted for by audiences) in 2003, the Mari Jászai Award (a state award given in recognition for acting excellence) in 2006, and the Poszt best male actor of the year award for "Festen" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="30996624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996624" title="Ed Murphy (activist)">
Ed Murphy (activist)

Ed Murphy (born August 6, 1945) is an American activist and the Executive Director of the Workforce Development Institute. He is a former military intelligence agent who exposed the CIA's Phoenix Program in April 1970.
Profile.
Murphy has a long history as an advocate for peace and social justice; a leader in veterans services, public policy, organized labor, economic and workforce development. He taught at the New School for Social Research; has been a guest lecturer at other colleges; been published "Vietnam: Our Father Daughter Journey" and written a variety of articles and commentaries, appeared on local, national and international, radio and television, had four photography exhibits related to Vietnam and participated in the development of two movies. "" won an Emmy Award. Tom Brokaw came to Albany to talk with Murphy about the book "Dear America, Letters Home from the War" and Murphy's role as Deputy Director of New York State's Division of Veterans Affairs. 
Early years.
He was born the sixth child of Irish-American Catholic parents, John and Gladys Murphy, on Staten Island on August 6, 1945, the same day the Atom Bomb was dropped on Hiroshima. His mother died before he was 7 years old. His parents set the stage for Ed's later civil rights work. His father worked for the NYC Highway Department and was a golf professional with five holes-in-one.
His father's golfing with African-American golfers like Ted Rhodes and Joe Louis and his mother's welcoming of non-denominational African American nuns to their home set the stage for Ed's later civil rights activities.
Murphy left Staten Island for the Paulist Fathers Seminary in Baltimore before the Verrazano Narrows Bridge turned Staten Island into a more urban community. He attended a public grammar school and was graduated from St Peter's Boys High School, run by the Christian Brothers. When he decided to become a priest, he chose the Paulist Fathers, an American community founded in the mid-19th century by Isaac Thomas Hecker, who was influenced by Thoreau, Emerson and the Transcendentalists. He has credited his environmental consciousness to growing up “in the woods” and watching them destroyed by bulldozers in order to build homes that flooded in the 1950s hurricanes. In 1963 he joined the Paulist Fathers at their seminary in Baltimore.
At the age of 18 Murphy was exposed to a national/international community, inner city poverty and visited the Maryland State Penitentiary. Walking through Death Row he stood next to the Gas Chamber, noticing a plaque with the dates and names of those executed, his opposition to the death penalty was confirmed. In his second year with Paulists he listened to Saul Alinsky explain community organizing and to a Paulist priest working in South Africa describing apartheid. He learned of the post-WWII Worker Priest movement, where priests earned their own living in factories and on docks, ministering as an equal. His third year was spent mostly in silence and meditation at the Paulist novitiate without academic classes, radio, TV and newspapers. In July 1966 he left the Paulists, returning to "normal" life.
He surrendered his draft deferment and began the process of enlisting in the military, to become a Counterintelligence Special Agent. In January 1967 Ed began his Basic Training – Initial Military Training at Fort Gordon, Georgia and then returned to Baltimore for the US Army Intelligence School's Special Agent course, at Fort Holabird; followed by eight months studying Vietnamese, at the Defense Language Institute, Biggs Field, El Paso, Texas.
Career.
His professional life began in May 1968 as an Army Counterintelligence Special Agent. He became fluent in the Vietnamese language and was assigned to the 4th Infantry Division at Dragon Mountain, in the Central Highlands outside Pleiku, where his first recorded statement against the war was made "The day Bobby Kennedy was killed, I wrote home 'Vietnam is one of our mistakes and our generation will unfortunately be linked with this mistake, unless we use the means available to rectify this situation. In our country there are many ways to make ourselves heard. I hope the legitimate means afforded us through the democratic process will be used. If the swifter and more dramatic means of violence are used, then history will have that much more reason to condemn us.'" 
Murphy returned to the U.S. and was assigned to the 116th Military Intelligence Detachment in Washington D.C., conducting background checks for those applying for security clearances and was involved in military efforts to “monitor” the peace movement. He completed his military duty on January 15, 1970. The next day he met with Sam Brown, organizer of the Vietnam Moratorium and immediately spoke out against the Vietnam war and use of the military to spy on domestic activities. In January 1970, Murphy returned to Staten Island and became an early organizer of VVAW, Vietnam Veterans Against the War. In May 1970, he appeared at the Overseas Press Club with Michael Uhl and the Citizens Commission of Inquiry to expose the Phoenix Program He continued to speak out, organize and testify for peace.
For more than 40 years Murphy has articulated the hopes, challenges, mistakes, missed opportunities and options Americans face interacting in a global economy. He has organized and implemented private and public sector veterans programs; established some of the earliest Readjustment Counseling (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder) programs and served as an advisor to the federal court on the Agent Orange Class Action Lawsuit. Vietnam Veterans of American founder, Bobby Muller, wrote that "Ed Murphy's passion for peace is inspiring. Murphy was one of the earliest combat intelligence agents to speak out against the war in Vietnam; then his leadership and skills helped build the Vietnam Veterans movement".
Murphy has used his intelligence background, his BA in American Studies from Richmond College (City University of New York), his two years of graduate work in the history of social change and revolution, also at Richmond College, and his MPA from the State University of New York at Albany (SUNYA) to support his work as a public sector and non-profit executive; consultant to government,international businesses; for social justice, civil rights, as a community organizer, in organizational development and systems transformation.
In 1977, Murphy wrote a history of conservationists' efforts to protect the mineral springs in Saratoga Springs, New York and the founding of the Saratoga Spa State Park, This document, "The Politics of Hydrotherapy and The Development of a New York State Policy" (December 14, 1977) is part of the local history collection in the Saratoga Room at the Saratoga Springs Public Library. In his diaries, Mario Cuomo, former Governor of New York, wrote "Ed Murphy, who was representing a Vietnam Vets group…eager to get back into government and politics." Cuomo appointed Murphy Deputy Director, NYS Division of Veterans Affairs, where he created Vietnam Veterans in Government VVIG, an organization representing 9,000 Vietnam Era veterans and led the development of a Temporary State Commission on Vietnam Veterans which recommended programs to address their special needs. In May 1985 Tom Brokaw highlighted Murphy's work as Director of Workforce Planning. Murphy led the development of New York's first state workforce plan in 1989, recommending introduction of a Workforce Impact Statement (WIS) as a required component of public funding.
In 1991, Murphy left New York to work on reconciliation with Vietnam, do business and environmental consulting and provide humanitarian assistance. He participated in the United Nations' Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO)'s 1991 Investors Forum in Ho Chi Minh City and subsequent meetings with government leaders in Hanoi. For a decade Murphy worked with government, businesses, organized labor, NGOs and educational institutions interested in establishing programs in Southeast Asia. Through his alma mater, the College of Staten Island (CSI), he lectured, initiated programs related to and assisted in development of the City University of New York's establishment of English language training in and educational exchanges with Vietnam. He brought his daughter Zoeann with him on a CSI trip to Indochina, after which they created a photography exhibit and wrote their book "Vietnam: Our Father Daughter Journey".
In 1999, Murphy began to work with the the NYS AFL-CIO, establishing the Workforce Development Institute, as a national leader in workforce intelligence, education and training of unionized workers. WDI offers grants, public policy/social justice advocacy and direct services for working families. WDI develops and funds education and training programs for businesses, unions, minority, low income and disenfranchised workers. WDI has both statewide and regional operations; provides economic research, community audits, policy analysis and cultural services under contract with government agencies. Murphy was a co-founder of New York's Apollo Alliance WDI hosts and funds this network of organized labor, business, environmentalists, educators and proponents of social and environmental justice to address energy concerns. WDI works with the Global Labor Institute (GLI) at Cornell University on issues related to climate change and the Building Trades, providing training related for Green Jobs. Ed Murphy has various writings about peace, politics, environmental justice, and workforce development.

</doc>
<doc id="30996631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996631" title="Zawiyat al-Dahmani">
Zawiyat al-Dahmani

Zawiyat al-Dahmani is a suburb of Tripoli, Libya. It lies between the coast to the north, and the suburb of Fashloom to the south.
As of 22 February 2011, during the Libyan civil war, there were reports that it had been cordoned off by Libyan security forces. At the beginning of the Battle of Tripoli, Al Jazeera reported that Zawiyat al-Dahmani was under the opposition control.

</doc>
<doc id="30996632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996632" title="Timothy Essex">
Timothy Essex

Timothy Essex (1765?-1847) was an English composer.
Life.
Essex was born in or about 1765 at Coventry, Warwickshire, the son of Timothy Essex there; Margaret Essex was his sister. He began playing on the flute and violin at age 13, for his own amusement, and his father let him study music as a profession. In 1786 he established himself as a teacher of the pianoforte, organ, and flute. In order to better his position he matriculated at Oxford as a member of Magdalen Hall 10 December 1806, and took the degree of bachelor of music on the following 17 December. He proceeded doctor of music 2 December 1812.
Essex was known as a teacher, and obtained some popularity as a composer. His ‘Musical Academy’ was at 38 Hill Street, Berkeley Square; he was also organist, composer to, and director of the choir of St George's Chapel, Albemarle Street. He died 27 September 1847, aged 82, in York Buildings, New Road, London.
Works.
Among his works are:
He also published a set of slow and quick marches for the pianoforte, with the full scores added for a military band, a variety of rondos for the pianoforte, and pianoforte and flute, and many single songs.

</doc>
<doc id="30996656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996656" title="Chock (TV Series)">
Chock (TV Series)

Chock is a Swedish horror television series that was broadcast in 1997. It was made in the style of horror shows like "Tales from the Crypt".
Each episode was presented by the Swedish cult actor and horror host, Ernst-Hugo Järegård. Episodes were directed by Mikael Håfström, Daniel Bergman and Ulf Malmros.
Episodes.
1. The Angel of Death.
All the patients at a certain room in a hospital die from what appear to be natural causes.
2. Meat.
A psychopatic man becomes obsessed with watching a wealthy and obese woman eat. Meanwhile, the woman's husband is planning on murdering her. The man's old mother is equally obese and unable to move because of her age. She also seems unable to speak. The man secretly films the woman eating with a home camera, saving a large number of tapes of her eating different meals. One night, the husband is going out to a meeting and puts poison into the woman's juice. After he leaves, the man enters the house and kills the woman. In the episode's gruesome finale, the man stocks up the woman's flesh in his fridge, then serves some of it to his mother who happily eats it unaware of the dish's origin. The man then prepares a meal for two from the woman's meat and while having one for himself serves the other to a television set showing the woman eat. He then pretends he is having dinner with the woman, before he and his mother succumb to the poison still being in the woman's system at the time of her death.
3. Forbidden Fruit.
A girl(Rebecka Hemse) has a strange fear of bananas. She believes them to be infested with snake eggs that will hatch inside her. A doctor manages to treat her against the fear and she starts eat banans. In a chilling twist she feels sick and is taken to the hospital and it turns out a snake actually has hatched inside her. The final shot shows a snake lying by her bed, indicating that she had given birth to it.
4. The Hitchhiking Girl.
Two Danes on vacation in Sweden come across a hysterical girl.
5. Wholelight.
A woman is being chased through the countryside by a truck.
6. When the Phone Rings....
A man (Kjell Bergqvist) is in desperate need of money and takes a job as a babysitter for the daughter of a wealthy couple. He is terrorized by the daughter and a myterious caller, in the end becoming so desperate that he phones the man to whom he is in heavy debt for help.
7. Till Death Do Us Part.
A prisoner is released from prison and goes after his wife, who did not visit him during his imprisonment.
8. Honor.
A robber is trying to pull off a gamble that will leave her with all the money.

</doc>
<doc id="30996657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996657" title="Nate Dushku">
Nate Dushku

Nathaniel Mark "Nate" Dushku (; born June 8, 1977) is an American actor. He is the elder brother of actress Eliza Dushku.
Early life.
Nate was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the third son of Philip R. Dushku, an administrator and teacher in the Boston Public Schools, and Judith "Judy" (née Rasmussen), a political science professor at Suffolk University in Boston and his mother is of Danish and English descent. He has 2 older brothers, Aaron and Benjamin.
He is producing the feature film Mapplethorpe with Eliza Dushku and award-winning Writer/Director Ondi Timoner.

</doc>
<doc id="30996659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996659" title="Doin' That Crazy Thing">
Doin' That Crazy Thing

"Doin' That Crazy Thing" is a song by Jeff Lynne.
Created a new dance craze that was started in the mind of Jeff Lynne when he took a short break from being Electric Light Orchestra's frontman. He released the single, "Doin 'That Crazy Thing" backed with "Goin' Down to Rio".
It was released with two covers: one with a photo of his face with many weird pictures on the side in black and white and one colored with an instruction how to do the "Crazy Thing".
It was the first time his name appeared as principal, and not the name of a band.
Track Listing.
The songs are composed by Jeff Lynne.

</doc>
<doc id="30996674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996674" title="William Essex (disambiguation)">
William Essex (disambiguation)

William Essex may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30996680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996680" title="Alto, Teresópolis">
Alto, Teresópolis

Alto is a neighborhood located in Teresópolis, Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil.
Feirinha do Alto.
The Feirinha do Alto, officially named Feirarte, is a traditional fair hosted in Alto neighborhood. It started in 1973 by a group of Teresópolis citizens and South American visitors. Teresópolis City Hall made the event official in 1985. The vendors sell mostly handcrafted products and food. More than 800 people sell their products.
Sports.
Teresópolis Futebol Clube is the neighborhood's football (soccer) team.

</doc>
<doc id="30996703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996703" title="William Essex (painter)">
William Essex (painter)

William Essex (1784? - 29 December 1869, Brighton), was an English enamel-painter. He was the chief mid-nineteenth-century exponent of enamel painting, an art which had been extended from portrait miniatures to larger enamel plaques by Henry Bone in the early nineteenth century.
Life.
Little is known of the parentage and early life of William Essex and his brother Alfred (died 1781). The brothers worked for and under Charles Muss, enamel painter to William IV, trying to show to the public that works could be executed in enamel possessing the transparency, crispness, and texture of other methods of painting. Essex accordingly painted numerous miniature reproductions of pictures by Correggio, Guido, Wilkie, Abraham Cooper, Sir Joshua Reynolds, and others, displaying the wide capacity of the art. An exhibition of these was held in the spring of 1839, accompanied by a privately printed catalogue. Essex had first exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1818, sending a 'Terrier's Head' after Abraham Cooper, and continued to exhibit copies and portraits there up to 1864. He also contributed to the exhibitions at the British Institution, Suffolk Street Gallery, and the Liverpool Society of Fine Arts. He was appointed enamel-painter to Princess Augusta of Cambridge, in 1839 to Queen Victoria, and subsequently to Prince Albert. Essex also instructed fellow painter John William Bailey He died at Brighton 29 December 1869, aged 85. 
William Essex and his first wife, Martha, had several children. The first, Martha, was baptized on 13 January 1814. A son, William B. Essex (1822–1852), followed his father's profession as an artist: though prevented by his early death from obtaining any reputation, he exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1845 to 1851. Another daughter, Hannah Essex (baptized 29 May 1832, married name Bird) also practised as a miniature painter who worked in enamels.

</doc>
<doc id="30996711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996711" title="Goin' Down to Rio">
Goin' Down to Rio

"Goin' Down to Rio" is a song by Jeff Lynne, B-side to "Doin' That Crazy Thing".
Track Listing.
The songs are written by Jeff Lynne.

</doc>
<doc id="30996716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996716" title="Tiso (surname)">
Tiso (surname)

Tiso is a surname. Notable people with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="30996719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996719" title="2011 J. League Cup">
2011 J. League Cup

The 2011 J. League Cup, also known as the 2011 Yamazaki Nabisco Cup for sponsoring purposes, is the 36th edition of the most prestigious Japanese soccer league cup tournament and the 19th edition under the current J. League Cup format. It was scheduled to begin on 16 March 2011 with the first matches of the group stage; however, the competition was postponed due to the aftermath of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. Later the beginning of the tournament is set to 5 June, with reducing the number of matches.
The winner qualified for the 2012 Suruga Bank Championship.
Format.
All 18 teams from the 2011 J. League Division 1 will take part in the tournament. Nagoya Grampus, Gamba Osaka, Cerezo Osaka and Kashima Antlers are given a bye to the quarter-final due to the qualification for the AFC Champions League group stage. The remaining 4 teams for quarter-finals are selected from other 14 teams by knockout tournaments of home and away (with away goals rule, except for goals in extra times). Quarter-finals and semifinals will be played as one match at either team's home stadium. The final will also be played as one match, but at neutral venue (National Stadium).
First, the exact date of the Final has yet to be determined and is subject to possible participation in the 2011 AFC Champions League Final of at least one of the involved clubs. Later the date is set to 29 October.
Original Format.
The original competition format, which is same as the previous tournament and was abandoned due to 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, is:
The draw result of the preliminary round is:
Schedule.
First round.
The first leg is scheduled on 5 June and the second leg on 27 July.
Second round.
The first leg is scheduled on 14 September and the second leg on 28 September.

</doc>
<doc id="30996741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996741" title="Steve Stone (rugby league)">
Steve Stone (rugby league)

Steve Stone is an Australian rugby league player who played professionally for the Canberra Raiders and the Adelaide Rams.
Playing career.
Stone made his first grade debut for the Canberra Raiders in 1990, replacing Mal Meninga as a substitute. He played for the Raiders for seven seasons, mainly as a halfback but also starting games in the Second Row and at Lock.
In 1997 Stone signed with the new Adelaide Rams franchise in the Super League.
Later years.
Stone is now a player agent.

</doc>
<doc id="30996747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996747" title="Fashloom">
Fashloom

The Fashloom district is a suburb of Tripoli, Libya. It lies inland to the south of the suburb of Zawiyat al-Dahmani, and southeast of the Martyrs' Square. It is one of the more impoverished districts of the city.
On 22 February 2011, during the Libyan civil war, there were reports that it had been cordoned off by Libyan security forces. An anti-Gaddafi street protest took place in Fashloom on 7 April. Participants' faces were hidden with scarves and they held anti-Gaddafi banners. A protestor read out a statement of support for anti-Gaddafi forces and stated, "We are demonstrating yet again after we sacrificed hundreds of martyrs."
At the beginning of Battle of Tripoli, Al-Jazeera reported that Fashloom was under the opposition control.<ref name="AJ-Fashloom-8/21" />

</doc>
<doc id="30996760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996760" title="Psycho (EP)">
Psycho (EP)

Psycho is a 6 track EP by The Dayton Family, released on February 1, 2011. It is their first release under Psychopathic Records sub-label Hatchet House. The EP features the Insane Clown Posse, Flex from Top Authority, and Philly Cocaine.

</doc>
<doc id="30996767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996767" title="Deepwater goby">
Deepwater goby

"Ponticola bathybius" is a species of goby endemic to the Caspian Sea where it occurs at depths of around . Strictly marine, it does not enter fresh waters. It can grow up to a length of TL.
According to molecular investigations, the species belongs to the genus "Ponticola", not to "Neogobius" as previously thought.

</doc>
<doc id="30996788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996788" title="Ring Ring, I've Got To Sing">
Ring Ring, I've Got To Sing

"Ring, Ring I've Got To Sing" was composed and performed by Ferre Grignard in the early 1960s. It became an international hit.
History.
After an unsuccessful career as an artist, Ferre Grignard had learned to play the guitar and sing the blues. In 1964, “De Muze” opened in Antwerp. It was a bar often frequented by people with an alternative life-style. Ferre Grignard often performed there and "Ring, Ring I've Got to Sing" was greatly appreciated. In 1965, the owner invited him to record the song. Not long thereafter Hans Kusters, a music producer who also owned a record company, heard the song and asked Ferre Grignard to record it once again. In 1966, it became a hit and because of its mixture of skiffle, folk and blues, Grignard's first album "Ring, Ring I've Got to Sing" scored high on the European charts. 
Afterwards the song was re-issued many times and it appeared in numerous compilations. In 2007, the song was inducted into the Flemish Hall of Fame of pop music. At present “Ring, Ring I've Got To Sing” is still present on many Belgian all-time top hit charts.

</doc>
<doc id="30996803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996803" title="Caleme">
Caleme

Caleme is a neighborhood located in Teresópolis, Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil.
Due to the January 2011 floods and mudslides, the neighborhood was devastated, and became almost ghost place.

</doc>
<doc id="30996815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996815" title="Max E. Binner">
Max E. Binner

Max E. Binner (born January 6, 1883) was a bookkeeper from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Background.
Binner was born in the city of Erfurt, Germany on January 6, 1883, and was brought to Milwaukee by his parents that same year. He attended public schools in Milwaukee, and continued his studies at the Rhuedes Business College and Milwaukee Law School. He worked as a bookkeeper and occasional teacher of bookkeeping. He also became a member of the Socialist Party (known in Wisconsin as the "Social Democratic Party"), and served on the party's state executive committee.
Elective office.
In 1910 Binner was elected to the 12th Milwaukee County assembly district (19th and 22nd wards of the City of Milwaukee) in 1910, receiving 2,36S votes against 1,369 for Democrat James J. Prinz and 1,826 for Garhard P. Plischke. He served on the Committees on Cities and on Printing. 
After the 1910 United States Census, Binner's district was split between two other districts: the Fourth, where he was succeeded by fellow Socialist Carl Minkley, and the Fifteenth, where he was succeeded by Republican August Dietrich. Binner did not run for re-election. By May 1913, he was Deputy Tax Commissioner for the City of Milwaukee.

</doc>
<doc id="30996827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996827" title="Fairfield Woods Middle School">
Fairfield Woods Middle School

Fairfield Woods Middle School (originally named Jennings Woods Middle School) is a co-educational public school in Fairfield, Connecticut. The school was built in 1954 due to overpopulation of the other middle school, Tomlinson Middle School. Once construction began, there were issues with the layout. The construction company had to redesign the school due to a hill. Once that was finished, Fairfield Woods would be open. Then in 1972 the school changed the name due to another elementary school with the same name today, Jennings Elementary School. 
Layout.
The bus loop goes by the main entrance. As one drives into the bus loop, the 6th grade wing is on the left, while tennis courts are on the right. Inside the entrance is the rotunda, where one hallway on the left leads to the 6th grade wing and the Family and Consumer Science labs. The other hall is forward. It goes past the cafeteria. Forward is the 8th grade wing, with a set of stairs that leads to the 7th grade wing and health classes on the second floor. There is also a side hallway leading to a some classrooms and a gym, connecting to the music suite. The left hallway would go past the library and computer labs to the sixth grade wings, which, to the right, the art rooms are located. On the right there is a hallway that goes past the exit to the cafeteria, to the Tech Ed labs, faculty lounge, "Project Adventure" gym, fitness room, gymnasium, auditorium and music rooms.
NELMS Spotlight School award.
In 2006 the New England League of Middle Schools visited Fairfield Woods. The League declared that this school was to be the first school ever in Fairfield County to be nominated for an award. Since it was first to be nominated in the county, the League wanted to create a name that the county would remember. The award was named the "Spotlight School" because the school was very special and it had the best acting activities in the district. In late 2006 the league announced the award and then gave the award to the principal, Susan Cox, as an honor of the school. This is what NELMS had to say:
"Fairfield Woods Middle School is a special place because the people here dedicated their lives and their energy to making sure all children learn and experience success. Building positive and nurturing relationships with students and parents is the key to making learning accessible and the culture of FWMS reflects this value."
Renovations.
The district is allowing renovations to the school. Since the population spike in 2009 and the overcrowding of Roger Ludlowe Middle School, the district decided to do a $24.4 million renovation to the school. The renovations will include:
They are already finished the following:
Update: The school has finished construction and now also includes an auditorium, a new gym and hallway, with some various classrooms around the school.
References.
http://www.fairfieldcitizenonline.com/news/article/Cramming-Fairfield-Woods-project-readied-for-1865469.php
http://www.fairfieldcitizenonline.com/news/article/Report-Fairfield-Woods-project-on-time-and-budget-953034.php

</doc>
<doc id="30996854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996854" title="Cardinal William Curti">
Cardinal William Curti

Cardinal William Curti was an official of the Catholic Church who was involved in religious and academic censure at the University of Paris, in the late 14th century. He is best remembered as the cardinal who presided at the trial of Nicholas of Autrecourt. The trial concerned the suspect views of Nicholas of Autrecourt pertaining to the immortality of the soul.
The positive philosophy of Nicholas of Autrecourt conflicted with some points of Catholic theology. The report of the inquiry is most often referred to as "The Articles of Cardinal Curti". On May 19, 1346 Nicholas of Autrecourt was sentenced to burn his writings in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="30996862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996862" title="Len Väljas">
Len Väljas

Lennard "Len" Väljas (born 21 November 1988 in Toronto) is a Canadian cross-country skier.
Väljas competed at the sprint event at the World Ski Championships 2011 in Oslo where he placed 15th.
Väljas achieved his first podium finish on the World Cup on March 7, 2012 in a Sprint Classic races in Drammen, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="30996868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996868" title="Old Worth County Courthouse (Northwood, Iowa)">
Old Worth County Courthouse (Northwood, Iowa)

The Old Worth County Courthouse in Northwood, Iowa, United States was built in 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse was the first building the county used for court functions and county administration. The building functions as the Main Museum for the Worth County Historical Society.
History.
In 1879 an attempt was made by Kensett, Iowa to have the county seat of Worth County moved to their town. To ensure that the county seat stayed in Northwood the town raised the money for the courthouse and donated the land for the building. A brick Italianate style building was built in 1880 for $4,400 It was replaced in 1893 by the present courthouse. 
After its use as a courthouse the building served as a high school for twenty years. After that it was used as a public library on the main floor and as a youth center on the second floor. On July 4, 1973 the Worth County Historical Society opened a museum in the building. 

</doc>
<doc id="30996877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996877" title="Center for the Study of the Public Domain">
Center for the Study of the Public Domain

The Center for the Study of the Public Domain, based at Duke Law School, aims to redress the balance of academic study of intellectual property. In their analysis, academic focus has been too great on the incentives created by these rights, rather than the contribution to creativity from information which is not subject to them.

</doc>
<doc id="30996878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996878" title="Morro dos Pinheiros">
Morro dos Pinheiros

Morro dos Pinheiros is a neighborhood located in Teresópolis, Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil.
The neighborhood is named after the Pine population located in the place. It is located in Teresópolis downtown, and it hosts the only school in the city, named Escola Munciipal Governador Portella. Morro dos Pinheiros borders Tijuca and Várzea.
Sports.
Pinheiros Futebol Club is the neighborhood's futsal team.

</doc>
<doc id="30996900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996900" title="Abstract comics">
Abstract comics

Abstract comics are comics that combine concepts of visual abstraction with the traditional continuity of the comic strip. They can also be called abstract sequential art.
A collection of abstract comics was brought together in the book "Abstract Comics: the anthology" by Andrei Molotiu. The Danish publisher Fahrenheit published "Nautilus" by Molotiu and "Reykjavik" by Henrik Rehr, both abstract graphic novels, in 2009.
Creators of abstract comics include Robert Crumb, Andrei Molotiu, Patrick McDonnell, Mark Badger, Henrik Rehr, Benoit Joly and Gary Panter.

</doc>
<doc id="30996914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996914" title="Farside (band)">
Farside (band)

Farside was a hardcore punk band formed in Orange County, California in 1989. The group disbanded in 2000.
History.
The original members were Michael "Popeye" Vogelsang (vocals, guitar), Robert Haworth (guitar), Josh Stanton (bass) and Robert Beshear (drums). Stanton left the band soon after recording the first demo to join the 411, which featured future Farside guitarist/vocalist Kevin Murphy. Zack de la Rocha briefly played second lead guitar from 1990-1991 and on their second demo, which was part of the "Scrap" release. Shortly after, he left to focus on his band Rage Against the Machine. The band recorded "Keep My Soul Awake" followed by the "Rochambeau" LP. After "Rochambeau," Haworth left the band to create State of the Nation. Kevin Murphy joined temporarily to complete the band's 1992-1993 European tour and became a permanent member.
Starting with "Rigged", the band made a decision to take its music in a slightly different direction. "Rigged" was recorded by Jim Monroe, who would go on to produce nearly all of Farside's material. The partnership with Monroe led the band to dedicate the final LP's title to Monroe. The production for "Rigged" was intended to be louder and thicker than previous Farside material and the songs themselves were more aggressive and less pop-inspired.
During the 1990s, tensions arose within Farside because of indecision to pursue the band as a full-time career and disputes over signing to a major label. Farside's sound was a mixture of late 1980s post-hardcore (Dag Nasty, Hüsker Dü and the Descendents are notable influences), 1990s alternative metal (Helmet, Quicksand, etc.) and the power pop sensibilities of the late 1970s (Elvis Costello) the band never found a consistent style. As a result, it is hard to place it one genre. Farside recorded cover versions for various compilation records including straightforward interpretations of D.C.s Embrace and New Jersey power metal band TT Quick. A lounge version of the Misfits "Return of the Fly" and a rare country and western version of "Pretty Vacant" by the Sex Pistols were also recorded.
Toward the end of 1999, Chu left the band to focus on his teaching career. He was replaced by Brian Balchack (guitar player of Orange County's Ignite) for shows surrounding the release of "The Monroe Doctrine", but due to Balchack's touring schedule with Ignite he couldn't commit to being in the band full-time. Sean Rosenthal (from Orange County metalcore band Adamantium) joined as bassist to complete the band's final tour in 2000 and played on the Sex Pistols recording. The band officially disbanded shortly after returning home. There are no current plans to reunite or play again.
Vogelsang later briefly joined Orange County rock band The Aquabats as a touring guitarist in 2005, appearing in their music video for "Fashion Zombies!" and their performance on television program "Attack of the Show", though he never recorded with the band. He is currently a member of the band Your Favorite Train Wreck.
Discography.
Farside's first release was the four song EP, "Keep My Soul Awake", released on Crisis Records in 1990. The band subsequently released three full-length albums and an EP on Revelation Records beginning with "Rochambeau" in 1992. The group's second album "Rigged" was released in 1994. After its self-titled EP in 1995, the band disappeared for a few years before re-emerging in 1999 with their final album, "The Monroe Doctrine".
An additional full-length release by the band was called "Scrap". This LP, released on Comida Records, is a collection of recordings from 1990 to 1994. Farside recorded several songs for various compilations including covers of Embrace, the Misfits, TT Quick and the Sex Pistols.

</doc>
<doc id="30996930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996930" title="William Chadwell">
William Chadwell

William Chadwell (born 1614) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1640 and 1644. He supported the Royalist cause in the English Civil War.
Chadwell was the son of William Chadwell, of Broadwell, Gloucestershire. He matriculated at Exeter College, Oxford on 2 December 1631 aged 17 and was awarded BA on 7 June 1632. He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1640.
In April 1640, Chadwell was elected Member of Parliament for Mitchell in the Short Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Mitchell for the Long Parliament in November 1640 and sat until he was disabled for supporting the King on 22 January 1644. He was awarded D.C.L. in November 1644.

</doc>
<doc id="30996933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996933" title="Tyson Edwards">
Tyson Edwards

Tyson Caleb Edwards (born 6 August 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer with the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). Raised in the small Mallee town of Wynarka, around 120 km from Adelaide, he is widely regarded as one of the most consistent and durable players in the game. He is currently part of Port Adelaide's coaching staff.
Between the ages of 11 and 15, Edwards' mother Jan would drive him the 250 km round trip to Adelaide at least twice a week so that he could train with West Adelaide's junior teams. He is married to Mandy with three sons - Jackson, Luke and Brodie.
Recruited from West Adelaide in the SANFL, Edwards made his AFL debut in 1995 and has since established himself as one of the AFL's most consistent and underrated midfielders. This is to such an extent that he has not won any of the AFL's major awards, or even a club best and fairest award; his greatest honour to date has been featuring in Adelaide's 1997 and 1998 premiership sides.
In 2008 he placed 4th in the Crows Club Champion voting with 137 again highlighting his consistency within the playing group.
Edwards played his 300th game for the Adelaide Crows against Essendon in Round 11, 2009. The Crows won the match 21.4 (130) - 18.6 (114), and Edwards celebrated by gathering an equal career best 41 possessions. Four games later he and dual premiership teammate Andrew McLeod played their 290th match together, a VFL/AFL record.
On 27 May 2010, Edwards announced his retirement from the AFL effective immediately after being dropped from the Adelaide side. Coach Neil Craig later agreed to allow Edwards a farewell game, his 321st, the next week against Fremantle in Adelaide. The decision worked wonders, with the Crows upsetting the second-placed Dockers by 23 points, with Edwards again celebrating his milestone with a best-on-ground 32-possession two-goal effort.
On March 19, 2011 a press conference released told that Tyson Edwards battled testicular cancer in his final year at the Adelaide Crows, in what he described as his 'year from hell'.
Edwards joined the Port Adelaide Football Club coaching panel for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30996964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996964" title="Megumi Kinukawa">
Megumi Kinukawa

Born in Takasaki, Gunma, she attended Sendai Ikue High School – an institution renowned for its athletic programme. Kinukawa made her first impact on the national junior circuit in 2006, as she won the junior race at the Fukuoka International Cross Country and was runner-up at the Chiba Cross Country two weeks later. This gained her a debut international selection at the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships (also held in Fukuoka), where the sixteen-year-old came in fourteenth place and helped the Japanese girls to a team bronze medal. Turning to the track later that April, she ran a national junior record in the 10,000 metres at the Hyogo Relay Carnival, placing second behind Lucy Wangui with a mark of 31:35.27 minutes – raising her to eleventh on the all-time junior rankings.
Kinukawa ran at the Fukuoka Cross Country in 2007 and became the first high school student to win the senior title at the competition. With the 2007 World Championships in Athletics to be held in Osaka, she opted to focus on her track performances and achieved the "A" standard for the 10,000 m in April. She took third place in the event at the Japanese Athletics Championships and earned her first senior selection as a result. At the World Championships in Osaka that August she came fourteenth in the women's 10,000 m, coming in as the second best Asian finisher behind compatriot Kayoko Fukushi. Kinukawa took to the roads at the end of the year to compete for the Japanese team at the Chiba International Ekiden. She played a key role in Japan's victory at the competition, winning the fourth stage and closing the gap on Catherine Kirui of then-leaders Kenya.
She suffered a stress fracture injury to her foot in April 2008 and only returned to serious competition in 2009. The injury continued to affect her running and she managed only 56th place at the 2010 Chiba Cross Country. The 2011 season saw her return to form and breakthrough into the senior ranks with a win over 5000 m at the Japanese Athletics Championships and then a third place finish on her half marathon debut at the Sapporo Half Marathon. At the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu she missed out on qualification in the 5000 m and finished last over 10,000 m.
She was the only Japanese to reach the podium at the 2012 Chiba Cross Country in February, taking third behind Kenyan opposition, and repeated that placing at the Fukuoka meet.

</doc>
<doc id="30996972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996972" title="Naima Adedapo">
Naima Adedapo

Naima Adedapo (born October 5, 1984) is an American singer songwriter dancer and actress from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Naima placed in the top 11 on the tenth season of "American Idol".
Early life.
Naima was born in Maywood, Illinois, and her family moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, when she was ten. Being the daughter of Milwaukee area jazz singer Adekola Adedapo, Naima has been around music her whole life and knew that performing and expressing herself though music and dance was her calling. Also experienced in theater, she has performed the lead in stage productions such as For Colored Girls, West Side Story, Crowns and more. A native of Chicago, she attended high school at St. Joan Antida and graduated with honors. She placed first at the Wisconsin Forensic Coaches Association's State Tournament in Demonstration Speaking for her speech on African dance. While in college she toured the country with Milwaukee dance company, Ko-Thi. Naima graduated with honors from the UWM Peck School of the Arts with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Dance. Since the age of 13-years-old she has taught Stepping, African Dance, and Hip Hop to youth for several different community outreach centers and schools all over Milwaukee. She later majored in Dance at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee.
"American Idol".
Overview.
Adedapo auditioned for the tenth season of "American Idol" in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. She was not one the five female vote-getters in the semi-final round to advance to the Top 13. She was one of the six selected to sing for a wild card. The judges chose three of the six, including Adedapo, to advance to the Top 13. On March 31, 2011, Adedapo and Thia Megia were eliminated from "American Idol".
Post-"Idol".
Naima and the rest of the top 11 performed in the "2011 American Idols LIVE! Tour", which began in West Valley City, Utah, on July 6, 2011, and ended in Manila, Philippines on September 20, 2011. Both the eliminated contestants, Naima has appeared and performed on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Live with Regis and Kelly", "Good Morning America", "The Today Show" and "Entertainment Tonight". Since becoming an American Idol Finalist she has been focusing on writing and developing her own unique sound and artistry.
Personal life.
Naima splits her time between Milwaukee and Nashville and has built a home with her four and six year old girls and their father in Milwaukee. She also has three stepdaughters. She was formerly a maintenance worker at Henry Maier Festival Park in Milwaukee (home of the Summerfest, the largest outdoor music festival in the world). A job she specifically chose in order to be around the music.

</doc>
<doc id="30996979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996979" title="Haley Reinhart">
Haley Reinhart

Haley Reinhart (born September 9, 1990) is an American singer-songwriter from Wheeling, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, Illinois, who placed third in the tenth season of "American Idol". In July 2011, Reinhart was signed to 19 and Interscope Records. Her debut album "Listen Up!" was released on May 22, 2012 to critical acclaim. Reinhart left Interscope Records in November 2012 and 19 entertainment in 2014.
Life and career.
Early life.
Haley Reinhart was born in Wheeling, Illinois, on September 9, 1990, to Patti Miller-Reinhart and Harry Reinhart. Both her parents are musicians. She began singing when she was 8 years old, and she performed with her parents’ band, Midnight, which covers rock songs from the 1960s and 1970s. She attended Mark Twain Elementary School, O.W. Holmes Middle School, and Wheeling High School. After graduating from high school in 2009, Reinhart attended Harper College in Palatine, Illinois, in 2009–2010, studying jazz. She performed at the 2009 Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland with her high school's jazz band and at Harper College with the college's Jazz Ensemble and the Jazz Lab.
2009–11: "American Idol".
Overview.
Reinhart first auditioned for the ninth season of "American Idol", in Chicago, but did not advance to the Hollywood round, however, she returned the following year for the tenth season of "Idol" in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and advanced.
In the group round of the competition her group mates included fellow finalist Paul McDonald. Later in the second solo round, she performed "God Bless the Child", impressing the judges. In Vegas Round, she grouped up with fellow finalists Naima Adedapo, and Jacob Lusk, performing The Beatles's "The Long and Winding Road".
She is the only season 10 contestant who has over one million views on five of her YouTube performance videos: her renditions of Adele's "Rolling in the Deep", Elton John's "Bennie and the Jets" Ben E. King's "I (Who Have Nothing)", and her version of "House of the Rising Sun". Every video reached the one million views in less than a month. Her version of "Rolling in the Deep" reached over 2.4 million views before it was taken down, and as of now Reinhart's re-uploaded version of "Rolling in the Deep" has reached 6 million views so far. Her version of "House of the Rising Sun" reached 1.5 million views as of November 20, 2011, was taken down, and again reached over 1 million views. Her version of "I Who Have Nothing" reached 2 million views as of January 30, 2012, and her rendition of "Bennie and the Jets" reached 2 million views on April 2, 2012. All of these videos have been taken down and then put back up excluding rolling in the deep. Her version of god bless the child hit 1,000,000 views in March 2014.
She was also the only contestant in season 10 who received three standing ovations from the judges in consecutive weeks: "The House of the Rising Sun", Ben E. King's "I (Who Have Nothing)" and Led Zeppelin's "What Is and What Should Never Be". Her performance of "Moanin'", with fellow contestant Casey Abrams during the Top 8 results show, also received a standing ovation from the judges and was considered one of the best duets and performances of the season. During the "American Idol" Finale, Reinhart sang "Steppin' Out with My Baby" alongside jazz singer Tony Bennett which also received a standing ovation.
Musician and celebrity support.
She received notable musician and celebrity support from Robert Plant, Lady Gaga, Jimmy Page, Kelly Clarkson, Adam Lambert, Tom Hanks, Blake Lewis, Melinda Doolittle, Kris Allen, Ellen DeGeneres, and others, who picked Reinhart as their favorite Season 10 contestant. Robert Plant and Jimmy Page contacted Idol producers and offered Reinhart the opportunity to sing a Led Zeppelin song for Top 3 week.
Post "Idol" career.
2011–2013: "Listen Up!" and other projects.
After her elimination, Reinhart had reportedly signed to Interscope Records, as per the implication of "AI" executive producer and director Nigel Lythgoe's tweet, which read: "Jimmy played me a song for Haley's record yesterday. Let's hope all the people that are professing love buy it and give her a great start." 
On May 28, 2011, Reinhart and the other "American Idol" top 4 performed at the opening of the new Microsoft Store at Lenox Square Mall in Atlanta, Georgia. On June 2, 2011, Reinhart was interviewed on "Live with Regis and Kelly". She performed "House of The Rising Sun" on the show. On June 17, 2011, TVLine released an interview between Reinhart and Michael Slezak. They discussed her life before "Idol", her "cannon fodder" edit on the show, her unfair treatment by the judges, her unique song choices that became known as "some of the best on "Idol" ever", and her future. Slezak crowned her TVLine's favorite Season 10 contestant and thanked her for "kicking ass" and being "a risk-taker and awesome". In less than a week, the article became the most commented on article on the website.
Reinhart is currently being managed by 19 Entertainment alongside fellow "Idol" season ten contestants Pia Toscano and James Durbin. Reinhart, along with the rest of the Top 11, toured the country as a part of the American Idols LIVE! Tour 2011, which ended on September 10, 2011.
Reinhart, along with fellow contestants Scotty McCreery, Lauren Alaina, and James Durbin, released a Walmart Exclusive EP with her highlights from season 10 on American Idol. The tracks feature some of her popular performances such as "House of the Rising Sun" and "Bennie and the Jets" as well as a previously unreleased recording of "You Oughta Know".
On July 26, 2011, it was confirmed that Reinhart signed to 19/Interscope Records. Reinhart will release her debut album through 19 Recordings and Interscope Records. She is currently in the studio working and writing on her album. She stated she's recorded a few songs so far, and the sound direction is more of an R&B/soul music with jazzy influences. She is in the process of picking her first single, and hopes the album will be out early next year. On August 16, 2011, Reinhart was an artist featured in the Huffington Post's article entitled "15 New, Young Artists On The Rise".
Reinhart and former American Idol Season 10 contestant, Casey Abrams, recorded a holiday song, "Baby, It's Cold Outside", which released on November 21, 2011. The official video was released on November 15, 2011. The "Idol" duo performed "Baby It's Cold Outside" and the Beatles' "All My Loving" in The Magnificent Mile Lights Festival, and on Windy City Live. Prior the release of her album, Reinhart performed at Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse in New Orleans, singing a jazz version of "God Bless the Child". He then asked her to perform with him again at Carnegie Hall this upcoming October. She performed an acoustic version of Wild Horses with Slash and Myles Kennedy on February 18, 2012 at the Power of Love Gala for Muhammad Ali. Slash tweeted "Myles Kennedy & I performing "Wild horses" w/amazing vocalist, @haleyreinhart for tonight's Ali event. Fn' cool." Reinhart also led the birthday song to Ali.
For her debut album "Listen Up!", Reinhart has stated that she wants to have an "organic" feel to it, stating, "I want it to be real and I want it to have substance. Depth on different levels is so important to me...I want people to be able to run away with my melodies and get lost in them and take the lyrics and be able to relate to them." She has written or co-written the tracks on her album.
The first single of Reinhart's debut album is entitled "Free" which is produced by Busbee. The single was released on March 20. She has performed "Free" and two other songs, "Wasted Tears" and "Hit the Ground Running" at various venues, including the Hard Rock Cafe. "Hit the Ground Running" was written by Reinhart, Aimée Proal and Mike Elizondo.
In an interview with the Hollywood Reporter, Reinhart revealed the names of some of the tracks of her album. The song debuted number six on the Philippine Charts, but later on reached itself to top 2. In addition to "Free", "Hit the Ground Running", and "Wasted Tears", other songs on her album will include "Keep Coming Back", "Undone", and "Oh My" which will feature B.o.B.
Reinhart's debut album "Listen Up!" was released on May 22, 2012, and can be pre-ordered through her website. The album has gained much support on Twitter from Adam Lambert and Kris Allen.
Reinhart guest starred on 90210 on the fourth season episode, "Blue Ivy," and performed her single "Free." On April 11, 2012, it was announced that Reinhart would be a part of the 2012 Lollapalooza lineup. Reinhart's debut album, "Listen Up!" debuted at number seventeen in the Billboard 200, with over 20,000 copies sold. Reinhart is featured on a track called "Hit the Road Jack" on fellow "American Idol" alum Casey Abrams' debut album. "Free" was featured on So You Think You Can Dance. "Undone" was sung on the twelfth season of "American Idol" by Rachel Hale on the last day of Hollywood Week in a sing-off competition against Stephanie Schimel and advanced to the top 40 and was also featured in the big screen movie, "Step Up Revolution".
In 2013, Reinhart traveled to Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, and Indonesia and held her mini concert and promo for the twelfth season of "American Idol." In Jakarta, Reinhart was a musical guest on the X Factor Indonesia singing "Bennie and the Jets."
Reinhart also attended a song writing camp to write for artists such as Rihanna at Westlake Studios. One of the songs she wrote, "Love Not War," was leaked online in May 2014.
Second studio album and other projects (2013-present).
Reinhart announced that work had begun on her second studio album in 2013. She performed a new song, "My Cake" in August 2013. Several other new original songs written for the album have been performed such as "Better," and a duet with Casey Abrams titled "You Were There." "Listen" was used for a Showtime miniseries called "Years of Living Dangerously."
On February 17, 2014, Reinhart began an Indiegogo campaign to fund her new music video for her new single "Show Me Your Moves!" co written with Rob Kleiner. The campaign was fully funded on April 6, 2014.
On May 27, 2014 shooting for Reinhart's new music video began. The day before she posted a six second snippet of her new song "Show Me Your Moves!" as well as a thank you message. The video was filmed in the Mojave desert in one day.
Reinhart debuted a new collaboration on June 25 with David Block at the Sonic Bloom Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="30996985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996985" title="Al-Jalah Hospital">
Al-Jalah Hospital

Al-Jalah Hospital is a hospital in Benghazi, Libya. The hospital treated the wounded of the Libyan civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="30996992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996992" title="Port of Benghazi">
Port of Benghazi

The Port of Benghazi is a major seaport in the city of Benghazi, Libya, on the Mediterranean Sea coast within the Gulf of Sidra.
History.
A natural seaport, it was founded as Euesperides by the ancient Greeks of Cyrenaica in the 6th Century BC. After passing it to the Egyptian pharaoh Ptolemy III, it was renamed Berenice to honor his wife. The city’s current name honors benefactor Ghazi.
From the third century onwards, it surpassed Barce and Cyrene as the region’s main center. Under the Kings of Libya, it was a joint capital with Tripoli, resulting today in state level institutions being located in the second city. This resulted in a rivalry, which being located in different tribal districts, was only intensified.
Following a slow period of decline, it was redeveloped after occupation by the Italians in 1912, until the start of the World War II Western Desert Campaign from 1942. This resulted in it becoming a hub in the eastern part of the Italian Libya Railways, connecting it inland to Soluch and Barce. The port was subject to heavy damage in World War 2, as it moved between Axis and Allied control five times. The British Army finally took the Port of Benghazi in 1942, during the Battle of El Agheila.
Present.
Today the Port of Benghazi is run and owned by the state-owned Socialist Ports Company. It has been developed as a modern port with associated and linked manufacturing and industrial facilities.
The port facility itself serves general, bulk cargoes and containers, handled through eight transit sheds covering . Major exports include wool, hides, sheep and goats, hair fabrics, and wool rugs. Important imports include foodstuffs, textiles, pottery, tobacco, and chemical products.
Industries developed within the port include oil refining, food and salt processing, cement manufacturing, fishing, brewing, and tanning. The port is also the location of one of the biggest water desalination plants in the world.
Facilities.
Accommodating vessels of up to long with drafts of up to , the port has six main births:
Work is underway to add of additional quay and related facilities.
Access.
The two approaches to the port are from the southwest and north. Strong westerly winds during the winter cause heavy seas, that make anchorage in the tidal range dangerous.
Transport access.
After the railways developed by the Italians fell into disrepair, the major transport routes to and from the port are either accessed by sea or major dual carriageway roads. Air access is via Benina International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="30996994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996994" title="Ashthon Jones">
Ashthon Jones

Ashthon Jones (born February 27, 1986) is an American singer from Goodlettsville, Tennessee. Jones finished as the 13th place finalist on the tenth season of "American Idol".
Early life.
Jones was born in 1986 to Michelle Anderson. She grew up in Valdosta, Georgia, before moving to Goodlettsville, Tennessee, when she was 12. She attended W.G. Nunn Elementary School in Valdosta as a child. Her father died when she was 14, and she ran away from home at 15, but returned home after two and a half years. She worked as a retail manager in Nashville before appearing on "American Idol".
"American Idol".
Overview.
Jones auditioned for the tenth season of "American Idol" in Nashville, Tennessee. She was not one the five female vote getters in the semi-final round to advance to the Top 13. She was one of the six selected to sing for a wild card and advanced to the Top 13. She is the third wild card finalist to be the eliminated first in the finals, with the previous ones being Leah LaBelle from season 3 and Jasmine Murray from season 8 two years earlier. The judges unanimously agreed not to save her.
Post-"Idol".
She performed on "Live with Regis and Kelly" after her elimination. She and Karen Rodriguez did not take part in the 2011 "American Idols LIVE! Tour 2011" Tour, but she did return for the American Idol finale and sang in the girls Beyoncé Medley with Haley Reinhart, Pia Toscano, Thia Megia, Naima Adedapo, and Karen Rodriguez, as well as singing "Born This Way" with the entire Top 13. On March 3, 2012 she released her first single, "Lookout." She was featured with Big K.R.I.T. on the song "Mayday" from the album "Gravity" by Lecrae. She was also featured on the song "Good 2getha" from Big K.R.I.T.'s mixtape "King Remembered in Time".
Personal life.
Jones lists her musical influences as Mary Mary, Whitney Houston, Chaka Khan, and The Clark Sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="30996998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996998" title="Richard S. Van Wagoner">
Richard S. Van Wagoner

__NOTOC__
Richard S. Van Wagoner (July 23, 1946 – October 10, 2010) was an amateur historian who published works on the history of Utah and the history of the Latter Day Saint movement.
Van Wagoner was a Lehi, Utah native and a fifth-generation Mormon. He was an Eagle Scout and was a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the church's Central States Mission. In 1970, he graduated from Brigham Young University with an M.S. degree. He was trained as a clinical audiologist and beginning in 1977 operated a hearing center in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Van Wagoner wrote the books "" and "Mormon Polygamy: A History". His 1994 biography of Sidney Rigdon won awards from the Mormon History Association and the John Whitmer Historical Association.
Van Wagoner was a member of the board of Signature Books, and was described after his death as a "trailblazer in Mormon studies", having published historical articles in "Utah Historical Quarterly", "", and "Sunstone". He lived in Lehi, Utah and acted as the town's historical archivist.
From the early 1980s, Van Wagoner lost his hearing due to otosclerosis; he received a cochlear implant in 2001, which partially restored his hearing.
Van Wagoner died unexpectedly at his home in Lehi, Utah at age 64.

</doc>
<doc id="30997011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997011" title="Dorna Parandeh Abi">
Dorna Parandeh Abi

The Dorna D-139 Parandeh Abi () is a low-wing single-engine monoplane built from composite materials in Iran. It is a recreational and training aircraft with side-by-side seating.
Design and development.
The design of the Parandeh Abi, Blue Bird in English, was begun in 1994 and the first flight was on 27 July 1998. It is a conventionally laid out low wing single-engine monoplane, built entirely from composite materials and seating two side-by-side. Its two spar wings and single spar horizontal tail are rectangular in plan. The wing carries 2.5° of dihedral and the tips are slightly upturned. Plain flaps fill the trailing edges inboard of the ailerons. The elevators are horn balanced, as is the rudder. Together, the fin and rudder are straight tapered, with a small dorsal fillet.
The Parandeh Abi is powered by a Rotax 914 F3 horizontally opposed four-cylinder engine driving a thee-bladed propeller. Its fixed, self-sprung steel cantilever tricycle undercarriage is attached to the fuselage. All wheels have speed fairings. In early production aircraft, access to the cabin was via the top hinged, upward opening canopy, but later examples have forward hinged doors reaching down almost to the wing. The doors contain a framed window, though the total cabin transparency is noticeably reduced. All models have a pair of small, fixed windows in the tapering fuselage behind the seats, where there is a baggage compartment. The aircraft can be equipped with either a stick or yoke for primary control. Other differences between early and later production models include improved engine cooling with the addition of chin and cheek air intakes, enlarged rudder horn balances, tailplane root fillets and fluted skinning on the ailerons and rudder.
Dorna are also developing a version to meet US LSA requirements, called the Parandeh Sefid or White Bird in English. This differs from the Parandeh Abi chiefly in its engine, which may be either an 84.5 kW (113.3 hp) Rotax 914 UL or a 60 kW (80 hp) Rotax 912 UL. Estimated performance with the 914 UL is similar to that of the Parandeh Abi, though the range is less as a result of a lower fuel capacity.
By the end of 2012 the company's website was gone and the domain was for sale. The company may no longer be in business.
Operational history.
Production of the Parandeh Abi began in 2001 with orders for 5 from Iranian flying clubs.
By March 2006 Dorna had orders for 14 and options on another 30 and by November 2008 28 had been built. As well as supplying clubs and training centres, Parandeh Albis also went to the Iranian Police and to the Civil Aviation Organisation.
In 2005 it seemed possible that the aircraft might enter the South African or wider markets. Aviation Advantage of Gauteng sought to buy some complete and to obtain a licence for local manufacture or assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="30997016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997016" title="Manthimba">
Manthimba

Manthimba was the capital of the Maravi Kingdom. It was located at from the present city of Mtakataka in the Dedza district, in the central region of Malawi.

</doc>
<doc id="30997043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997043" title="McTimoney College of Chiropractic">
McTimoney College of Chiropractic

McTimoney College of Chiropractic is a chiropractic college, managed and operated by BPP University in Abingdon, Oxfordshire, England.
Alongside the University of South Wales and Anglo-European College of Chiropractic, the college is one of only three United Kingdom institutions to offer degrees recognized by the General Chiropractic Council, though this was under threat at one point.
The college was originally founded as the Oxfordshire School of Chiropractic by the inventor of the McTimoney method, John McTimoney, and has close ties to his McTimoney Chiropractic Association (MCA). 
The college's degrees are validated by the University of Wales, an arrangement that will be withdrawn due to widespread criticism of the quality of the University's external degree validation programme. It is as yet unclear who, if anyone, will provide continued validation of the college's degree courses. It is currently one of a small number of institutions in the UK that offer accredited degrees in alternative medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="30997046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997046" title="The Bob Crane Show">
The Bob Crane Show

The Bob Crane Show is an American situation comedy that aired on NBC. The series starred Bob Crane as Bob Wilcox, a man in his 40s who quits his job as an insurance salesman to return to medical school. The series co-starred Patricia Harty as his wife Ellie Wilcox, who becomes the family's breadwinner while Bob is in school. After initial delays, the series debuted on March 6, 1975. "The Bob Crane Show" performed poorly in the Nielsen ratings and was canceled after 13 weeks.
Production.
"The Bob Crane Show" was originally titled "Second Start" and NBC planned to debut it in the fall of 1974. However, the Federal Communications Commission re-instituted its Prime Time Access Rule, which limited the broadcast networks to programming only three of the four hours of the prime time programming block. This decision led NBC to delay the series until January 1975. Crane re-shot the pilot, leading to another delay to March 1975.
Crane expressed his desire that his series be what he called "hard comedy", which he described as comedy that "goes for the fences. It's also what you might call take-a-risk comedy because if you don't hit a home run, you might strike out. It's either a belly laugh or it's no go and no show."
MTM Enterprises produced the series, which was filmed with a three-camera setup in front of a studio audience with no laugh track.
Reception.
"The Bob Crane Show" debuted with a Nielsen rating of 23, a disappointment to the network. NBC cancelled the series after 13 weeks.
Series star Crane blamed the failure on the lack of chemistry among the characters. He compared "The Bob Crane Show" to its fellow series, "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and "The Bob Newhart Show", in wishing that the same sorts of character relationships on those series had been present in his. "I had nobody to talk to...In my series, I had no Bill Daily."

</doc>
<doc id="30997053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997053" title="Giuliana Bridge">
Giuliana Bridge

Giuliana Bridge is a bridge in Benghazi, Libya. It has a three-span main structure which was originally built in the 1970s but was rehabilitated in 2005 by Bilfinger Berger.

</doc>
<doc id="30997070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997070" title="Plant Engineering and Maintenance Association of Canada">
Plant Engineering and Maintenance Association of Canada

The Plant Engineering and Maintenance Association of Canada (PEMAC) is a national, not-for-profit industry and technical association for plant and facility maintenance, reliability and physical asset management practitioners and professionals in Canada.
Purpose.
PEMAC’s mission is to improve its member’s professionalism, safety, performance, and outside recognition, by providing specialized training and certification, undertaking research, providing forums for the exchange of information and acting as a public voice for its members and the profession.
History.
In 1989, PEMAC was born out of the concern and vision of two professional engineers and a small group of people involved in plant and facility maintenance and engineering at both the practitioner and management level, who shared their concerns. The concern was, and still is, that maintenance and physical asset management professionals were providing an essential service without significant recognition. The vision was to create a national association devoted to plant and facility engineering and maintenance, created by the plant and facility engineering and maintenance practitioners in Canada.
PEMAC Activities.
Certification Program.
In an effort to establish a clear set of standards for professional development in the field of maintenance management PEMAC has set about standardizing the training for practitioners and professionals across Canada in cooperation with various Colleges, Institutes and Universities through the Maintenance Management Professional (MMP) certificate program. Individuals wishing to use the "Maintenance Management Professional" (MMP) designation must complete a 225 hour training program made up of 8 courses, apply for certification from PEMAC and be a member in good standing of the Plant Engineering and Maintenance Association of Canada. Prior learning recognition is available for up to 3 of the courses.
The MMP program has been recognized by Alberta Industry Training for the Blue Seal "Achievement in Business Competencies" program. In addition both the Alberta Water Wastewater Operators Association and the Ontario Water and Wastewater Certification Office recognize courses in the program for Continuing Education Credits.
Regional Conferences.
PEMAC organizes 2 - 4 day regional conferences with presentations and workshops on various aspects of the topic of physical asset management. 
Chapter Activity.
Local chapters organize regular networking and professional development events.

</doc>
<doc id="30997088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997088" title="Wright County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Wright County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Wright County Courthouse in Clarion, Iowa, United States was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse was the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Wright County used a log cabin for its initial court sessions in 1855. A two-story frame building was the first proper courthouse the county used when the county seat was moved to Liberty. The county seat moved to Clarion in 1866 and another courthouse was constructed there. That building became a part of the Avondale Hotel after the present courthouse was built in 1892. The three–story building was completed for $50,000. A clock tower rises above the buildings multi-gabled roof. The building was extensively renovated in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="30997096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997096" title="Ender Günlü">
Ender Günlü

Ender Günlü (born 9 May 1984) is a French footballer of Turkish descent, who plays as a midfielder for Sohar SC in the Omani League.
Career.
Günlü started his career in the youth team of Olympique Lyonnais before moving to the Swiss lower leagues in 2003 with Étoile Carouge and then Urania Genève Sport. In 2005 Günlü moved to Spain, where he spent two years with Orihuela before joining Bursa in Turkey in 2007 and then Tunisian side EGS Gafsa in 2008. After six months with EGS Gafsa he joined Racing Club Genève for six months in January 2009 before joining Olimpik-Shuvalan for the 2009–10 Azerbaijan Premier League season. Following Günlü's stint in Bulgaria he joined Akademik Sofia for a year and then signed for Turgutluspor in January 2012. Günlü spent 5 months at Turgutluspor. In 2012 Günlü returned to the Azerbaijan Premier League, joining Turan Tovuz, appearing 27 times with 7 goals and was the best midfielder of championship]]. Günlü moved back to Turkey for the 2013–14 season with Eyüpspor, before joining Sohar SC in the Omani League for the rest of the 2014 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="30997102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997102" title="Chandarana Records">
Chandarana Records

Chandarana Records is a record company from Kericho, Kenya. The company was known throughout Africa for releasing several thousand 45-rpm singles (on at least 15 different labels) featuring a wide range of Kenyan (Luo, Luhya, Kipsigis, Swahili) and Tanzanian groups.
Founded by A.P. Chandarana, the company, was one of the earliest record companies in Kenya, having been founded in 1958, recorded for many of Kenya's famous singers, including Collela Mazee and Daniel Owino Misiani. The company also recorded for a variety of genres, such as Benga, and sold well and were popular in Tanzania, Malawi, South Africa, Nigeria, Cameroun, and West Africa. The Daily Nation had commented that the company's large success was due to A.P Chandarana's efforts to take Benga music "beyond Luo Nyanza to Nairobi, Central Province and Ukambani."
The company recently stopped selling copies of the original recordings from their shop in Kericho.

</doc>
<doc id="30997120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997120" title="Zayd Mutee' Dammaj">
Zayd Mutee' Dammaj

Zayd Mutee' Dammaj (Arabic:), (from 1943 to March 20, 2000) was a Yemeni author and politician. He is best known for his short novel "The Hostage" which was selected by the Arab Writers Union as one of the top 100 Arabic novels of the 20th century.
Life and work.
Dammaj was born in As Sayyani District of Ibb Governorate. His father Sheikh Mutee' bin Abdullah Dammaj was a committed revolutionary activist against the rule of Imam Yahya and went on to establish a political party named Al-Ahrar in Aden in 1943. Sheikh Mutee' continued his struggle against Imamate regime and became the first governor of Ibb Governorate after the revolution of 1962. The young Dammaj was educated in the village madrasa and at home, before his father sent him to a school in Taiz. In 1958, Dammaj went to Egypt where he studied in schools in Bani Suwayf and Tanta before enrolling in Cairo University in 1964. He studied law for a couple of years before deciding to make the switch to journalism. He had already started to write political articles and short fiction that was published in the New Yemen periodical. In 1968, still in the middle of his studies, he was summoned back home to participate with his father in the anti-royalist movement. 
In 1970, Dammaj was elected to the Shura Council, regarded as Yemen's first elected parliament, as a representative of his native district of As Sayyani. His political rise continued. By 1976, he was appointed governor of the Mahweet governorate and in 1980, he became Yemen's ambassador to Kuwait. In 1982, he cemented his place in the political hierarchy when he was elected to the Permanent Committee of the General People’s Congress, the ruling party in Yemen.
Parallel to his political career, Dammaj also pursued a career as a literary writer. His first volume of short stories was published in 1973, while "Al-Rahinah" (The Hostage) was published in 1984. It went through multiple printings in Arabic and has since been translated into French, English, German and Hindi among others. It is widely regarded as the most famous novel in Yemen and a classic of modern Arabic literature. 
Dammaj was 57 when he died on March 20, 2000 in Middlesex Hospital in London. His eldest son Hamdan Dammag is a British/Yemeni computer scientist and writer.

</doc>
<doc id="30997127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997127" title="Dibamba River">
Dibamba River

The Dibamba River is in the Littoral Region of southern Cameroon, emptying into the Cameroon estuary near the city of Doula.
Location.
The Dibamba river has a length of and a catchment area of . Average discharge at the river mouth is 480 cubic meters per second.
At its mouth, the river is tidal, and flows into the estuary through mangrove forests that extend south from Doualla to Point Souelaba.
Near Douala, the river is crossed by a T-section girder road bridge built of precast, prestressed concrete in 1983 - 1984.
History.
The Duala people, who today inhabit the region in and around the city of Douala, moved to their present-day location from Piti on the Dibamba river, displacing Bassa-Bakoko cultivators. Duala traditions say they are descendants of Mbedi, son of Mbongo, who lived in Piti.
Monneba was a Duala leader on the Cameroon coast in the 1630s, engaged in trading in ivory and slaves with the Europeans.
Dutch maps from the 1650s place Monneba's name on the Dibamba River, which is called Monneba's Creek or Channel (Monnebasa Gat).
The Dibamba was the scene of naval hostilities during World War I, when Commander Ralph Stuart Sneyd engaged and sank a large German launch on 10 September, 1914, and drove the enemy out of their post at Piti.
Environmental issues.
Douala's Bassa industrial zone ends in the estuarine creek formation of the Dibamba River, discharging pollutants. The wetlands are quickly being colonized by invasive species, and a great number of phytoplankton have been identified, some of which are caused by the pollution.
Further inland, there are still some patches of permanent swamp forest on the river, but many others have been cleared and drained for oil palm plantation. The fauna of river are not well protected. The African Manatee (Trichechus senegalensis) is endangered.

</doc>
<doc id="30997135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997135" title="Gare de Bellegarde-sur-Valserine">
Gare de Bellegarde-sur-Valserine

Bellegarde-sur-Valserine station is a railway station served by TGV, TER Rhône-Alpes and Rhône Express Regional located in Bellegarde-sur-Valserine, in the département of Ain, France. It hosts about 75,000 travelers per year.
The first station building opened in 1858 to allow a stop on the line between Seyssel and Geneva. The wooden building was destroyed by fire and requiring the construction of a new building in 1907. Over the years, other lines reached to the station, causing passenger numbers to grow. The first TGV service was in 1981 between Paris Gare de Lyon and Geneva. From a simple railway station, the site underwent a major restructuring in 2010 to become an interchange.
This was triggered by the decision to renovate the Ligne du Haut-Bugey.
Position on the railway network.
A junction station, situated at kilometer 134,252 of the Lyon–Geneva railway, and kilometer 64,523 of the Ligne du Haut-Bugey. Its altitude is 378m.
History of Bellegarde railway station.
Before the creation of the SNCF.
Railway history started in Bellegarde-sur-Valserine in the middle of the 19th century. In 1830, the first studies of a Bellegarde-Geneva line were done. The decision on construction of the Lyon–Geneva railway was part of a project to reduce the travel time from Paris to the Swiss border from 6 days to 12 hours, was finalized when a law was passed on 10 June 1853 by Napoleon III concerning the commitment by the treasury to the construction of a railway to the frontier of Geneva. The Seyssel-Geneva section was opened on 18 March 1858 with a halt in Bellegarde where the station building was in the style of a Swiss chalet. The station was designed as a last junction before the frontier, avoiding lines connecting French territory passing through Swiss territory. It was thus used for customs controls on people and goods.
A new service was inaugurated when, on 30 August 1880, the llne from Longeray to Thonon via Annemasse and Evian was opened. This service was operated by the Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée (PLM) company. Two years later on 1 April 1882, the Cluse-Bellegarde section of the Ligne du Haut-Bugey opened. This section completed the line from Bourg en Bresse to Bellegarde operated by "Compagnie des Dombes et du Sud-Est". In 1883, the PLM acquired the "Compagnie des Dombes", and from then on, Bellegarde was exclusively served by the PLM.
On 1 August 1904, a fire completely destroyed the station building. A new building was constructed on the site of the old one and opened in 1907. This in turn was severely damaged by fire in the night of the 9 April 2003.
After 1938 : the creation of the SNCF.
Upon its creation in 1938, the SNCF took over the operation of the Culoz-Bellegarde line from the PLM, and over time created new links to western Switzerland. Bellegarde station became connected to the whole of France.
As technology evolved with time, different types of railcar passed through Bellegarde, An X2700 class RGP2 passed through on its inaugural trip from Lyon-Perrache to Geneva on 30 June 1954. The following year, on 16 December 1955, the Culoz - Bellegarde section was electrified with 1.5 kV DC. From 10 June 1959, the "Alpazur" connection (Genève - Bellegarde - Grenoble - Veynes-Dévoluy - Digne) returning via the "ligne des Alpes" was operated with X4200 class panoramic railcars. Then on 31 May 1964, a first-class express train, "Le Rhodanien", was put on the line linking Geneva to Marseille. 1969 saw the arrival "Catalan-Talgo" trains on the creation of a Trans-Europ-Express link between Geneva and Barcelona via Bellegarde, Chambéry et Grenoble on 1 June. In 1972, passenger trains were making up to 12 return journeys per day between Geneva and Grenoble. On 1 October 1972, X4500 class railcars went into service on the Valence - Geneva route via Grenoble, Chambéry et Bellegarde, then on 28 September 1975, first generation turbotrains (so-called 'ETGs') took over. They were so successful that they soon needed to be coupled in pairs to meet the demand.
The arrival of the TGV.
The introduction of TGV services to Bellegarde-sur-Valserine on 22 September 1981, the completion of the autoroutes from Lyon to Geneva and the opening of the Mont Blanc Tunnel all greatly improved access to Bellegarde, enabling the town to develop through industrial restructuring which allowed Bellegarde to maintain unemployment below the national average. Two daily services between Paris and Geneva were created, making Bellegarde the first town with less than 20,000 inhabitants to get a daily TGV link to Paris, although night trains to Paris were discontinued at the same time. However the advent of TGV services coincided with the decline of the Geneva – Barcelona Trans-Europ-Express; on 23 May 1982 the "Catalan Talgo" was replaced by a EuroCity service. and the IC 5642/3 train took over the name "le Rhodanien". It linked Geneva to Marseille via Bellegarde, Chambéry, Grenoble, Valence and Avignon. In summer 1983, a TGV Paris – Geneva/Annecy was created, with trains being split or joined at Culoz. In the 1980s, as with many other French stations, services to Bellegarde were generally reduced or cancelled. After summer 1984, the La Rochelle – Saint-Gervais service was stopped. In 1985, Z 7500, Z 9500 and Z 9600 railcars were introduced on the Lyon – Genève/Evian/Saint-Gervais services, then in 1987, the Class BB 25200 locomotives (made available by the introduction of BB 22200 locos) were used with push-pull "Corail" trains between Lyon and Geneva. Service reductions continued in the 1990s, and apart from the long-distance service from Hendaye/Irun to Geneva, only regional TER services were left. In 2001, the Corail Lunéa "Rhône-Océan" Lyon–Quimper service was extended to Geneva with a stop in Bellegarde.
In 1991, a project to bring Paris and Geneva closer was launched: to build a high speed line alongside the A40. This operation, named the "LGV des Titans" was estimated at 12 billion francs (2 billion euros) which was much too expensive, so was abandoned in 1997 in favour of less costly projects. It was decided to upgrade the Ligne du Haut-Bugey instead.
Lines which converge on Bellegarde-sur-Valserine.
Several lines meet at Bellegarde-sur-Valserine station. The first line to arrive was the Lyon–Geneva railway in 1858. The line came from Paris and Geneva via Arlod and from Geneva via the Crêt d'Eau tunnel. At the end of the 19th century, three other lines reached Bellegarde-sur-Valserine, the Longeray-Léaz - Le Bouveret line via the Crédo tunnel in 1880, the Ligne du Haut-Bugey in 1882 and the Collonges-Fort-l'Écluse – Divonne-les-Bains railway serving the Pays de Gex in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="30997136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997136" title="Hwyl Nofio">
Hwyl Nofio

Hwyl Nofio (from Welsh meaning ‘emotional swimmers’) is an experimental music group whose only permanent member is Steve Parry. Steve Parry was (born 4 September 1958 in Pontypool, South Wales Valleys, UK
Band history.
Formed in 1997, Hwyl Nofios’ approach touches on various diverse styles and genres, including, industrial music, drone, ambient and noise. Hwyl Nofio is an evolving ensemble based around its originator Steve Parry, who previously had been a founding member of the Surrealist music group Neu Electrikk and also worked with Matt Johnson of The The and Colin Potter of Nurse With Wound. Hwyl Nofio referred to the approach as a marriage of dilemmas being resolved in another space whereby the music explores and exploits an on-going collision between harmony and disharmony.
Hwyl Nofios’ influences include The Velvet Underground, Neu, Jimi Hendrix, John Cage and Harry Partch,
The band has over the years has consisted of Steve Parry avant-garde guitarist and multi-instrumentalist with Trevor Stainsby (producer/engineer/guitar/keyboards), Sandor Szabo (guitars/processing), Fredrik Soegaard (fractal guitarist), Balazs Major (percussion), Mark Beazley (bass/effects) of instrumental ambient group Rothko (band), and Gorwel Owen (banjo /processing).
2012 - Hwyl Nofio released “DARK”,a project that evoked a landscape wrought from personal experience, magnifying visual and aural dialogues to transcend the specifics of its origin. The project provided tangible evidence of this landscape in an accompanying book that inculcate the listener into a world of chilling folk myths and the resonances of family histories, as well as timely references to the legacies of surrealist filmmaker and poet Jane Arden (director) and the novelist Bruce Chatwin. 
Discography.
Unreleased, limited edition and promo-only albums.
The following full-length albums have never seen commercial release. Despite their unavailability on disc, they are included in almost every official discography issued by the band.

</doc>
<doc id="30997138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997138" title="Al-Magroon">
Al-Magroon

Al-Magroon is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997144" title="Al-Saahil al-Gharbi">
Al-Saahil al-Gharbi

Al-Saahil al-Gharbi is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997145" title="Maintenance management professional">
Maintenance management professional

The maintenance management professional designation (MMP) is a registered professional designation in Canada issued on the authority of the President of Plant Engineering and Maintenance Association of Canada (PEMAC) to individuals who successfully complete a series of eight courses and who are members in good standing of PEMAC. The series of courses is designed to provide participants with an understanding of the various concepts necessary to be an effective maintenance and physical asset management professional. At this time, the courses are offered through 14 training institutions in Canada.
Required courses.
The program is broken down into a series of 8 courses, or modules, as follows:
See also.
Enterprise asset management

</doc>
<doc id="30997146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997146" title="Karkoora">
Karkoora

Karkoora is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997149" title="Gimeenis">
Gimeenis

Gimeenis is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997152" title="Al-Khadhraa">
Al-Khadhraa

Al-Khadhraa is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997153" title="The Black History of the White House">
The Black History of the White House

The Black History of the White House is a book by Clarence Lusane concerning the history of the African-American community's relationship to government and the White House as a symbol as well as a place of employment. The book begins with the founding of the United States and continues to the first few years of the Barack Obama administration.
Content.
At the beginning of each chapter Lusane provides a narrative of an African-American's "White House Story" ranging from an escaped slave once belonging to George Washington to the First Lady Michelle Obama. Topics discussed included in the book are the Founding Fathers, the abolitionist movement, slave owning presidents, Reconstruction, Jim Crow Laws and the 1960s Civil Rights Movement.
Critical reception.
Following its 2010 publication "The Black History of the White House" has received much attention from the political community. To acknowledge the work, author Clarence Lusane was invited to the White House by President Barack Obama to speak with staff in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30997155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997155" title="Al-Nawagiya">
Al-Nawagiya

Al-Nawagiya is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997157" title="Al-Magziha">
Al-Magziha

Al-Magziha is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997161" title="Al-Keesh">
Al-Keesh

Al-Keesh is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997168" title="Garyounis">
Garyounis

Garyounis is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997170" title="Al-Fuwayhat">
Al-Fuwayhat

Al-Fuwayhat is one of the affluent residential districts of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997172" title="Al-Berka">
Al-Berka

Al-Berka (Arabic:البركة) is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya. As of the 2011 Libyan revolution, the area is simply known as a district of Benghazi after the Gaddafi era Basic People's Congresses were disbanded. 
History.
Al-Berka is one of the oldest districts in Benghazi and has buildings which attest to both its Ottoman and Italian era routes. One such example is the Hadiya mosque built in the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="30997175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997175" title="Bu-Fakhra">
Bu-Fakhra

Bu-Fakhra is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya. The area is named after a venerated saint in the area, whose tomb was once a popular visited site. As of 2012, the tomb was demolished by Salafists in the relative absence of law and order after the Libyan 2011 revolution. 

</doc>
<doc id="30997176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997176" title="Jarrutha">
Jarrutha

Jarrutha is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997178" title="Al-Quwarsha">
Al-Quwarsha

Al-Quwarsha is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997179" title="Bu Atni">
Bu Atni

Bu Atni is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997186" title="Felix Ortiz">
Felix Ortiz

Felix Ortiz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30997191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997191" title="Al-Kwayfiya">
Al-Kwayfiya

Al-Kwayfiya is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997193" title="Sidi Khalifa">
Sidi Khalifa

Sidi Khalifa is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997195" title="Al-Hawari">
Al-Hawari

Al-Hawari is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997197" title="Al-Thawra al-Shabiyah">
Al-Thawra al-Shabiyah

Al-Thawra al-Shabiyah is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997198" title="Shuhadaa al-Salawi">
Shuhadaa al-Salawi

Shuhadaa al-Salawi was a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997200" title="Madinat Benghazi">
Madinat Benghazi

Madinat Benghazi is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997201" title="Sidi Hsayn">
Sidi Hsayn

Sidi Hsayn is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997203" title="Al-Sabri">
Al-Sabri

Al-Sabri is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997204" title="Sidi Abayd">
Sidi Abayd

Sidi Abayd is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997206" title="Al-Salmani">
Al-Salmani

Al-Salmani is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya. It is part of the city of Benghazi, being east of the port and just north of Raas Abayda.

</doc>
<doc id="30997207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997207" title="Raas Abayda">
Raas Abayda

Raas Abayda is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997209" title="Benghazi al-Jadida">
Benghazi al-Jadida

Benghazi al-Jadida or New benghazi is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya. It is part of the city of Benghazi located east of the port and west of Al-Hawari.

</doc>
<doc id="30997212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997212" title="Blue Cliff Monastery">
Blue Cliff Monastery

Blue Cliff Monastery is a Buddhist monastery located in Pine Bush, New York. It was founded in May 2007 by monastic and lay practitioners from Plum Village in France.
The monastery is under the direction of Thich Nhat Hanh's Order of Interbeing in the Vietnamese Zen tradition. Blue Cliff Monastery follows the same practices and daily schedules as its root monastery Plum Village and its sister monasteries Deer Park Monastery in Escondido, California and Magnolia Village Practice Center in Batesville, Mississippi.
Blue Cliff Monastery was created when the monastics moved from Maple Forest Monastery and the Green Mountain Dharma Center. In 1997 Maple Forest Monastery was founded in Woodstock, Vermont and a year later Green Mountain Dharma Center was founded in Hartland, Vermont. Maple Forest was the monks' residence and Green Mountain was the nuns' residence. On May 2007 both centers moved to Blue Cliff Monastery.
The Monastery is located in the lush green Hudson Valley of New York (one hour and 30 minutes away from NYC). Inside the property there are two ponds and a creek, and out of its 80 acres 65 are forest. Visitors are welcome to practice mindfulness with the fourfold community of monks, nuns, laymen and laywomen. Typically days of mindfulness are held twice a week (Thursdays and Sundays). Retreats are held frequently throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="30997213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997213" title="Al-Uruba">
Al-Uruba

Al-Uruba is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997215" title="Hay al-Mukhtar">
Hay al-Mukhtar

Hay al-Mukhtar is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997217" title="Al-Hadaa'iq">
Al-Hadaa'iq

Al-Hadaa'iq is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="30997223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997223" title="Patrick Hennessy (painter)">
Patrick Hennessy (painter)

Patrick Hennessy, RHA (28 August 1915 – 30 December 1980) was an Irish painter.
Life and Work.
Patrick Hennessy was born in Cork, Ireland in 1915. The son of army officer John Hennessy, of 2 Shandon Terrace, and Bridget Hennessy (née Ring) he moved with his family, in the 1920s, to live in Scotland where they had many relations. During the mid-1930s he studied at the Dundee College of Art under James MacIntosh Patrick (later RSA). Here, he met fellow artist Harry Robertson Craig, who would become his lifelong partner. He later conducted postgraduate work at Dundee and gained a travelling scholarship which enabled him to further his studies in Paris and Rome. He subsequently studied at the Hospitalfield Advanced Art College in Arbroath.
In 1939, at the dawn of World War II, Hennessy returned to his native Ireland to work as a professional painter. In 1940 he joined the Society of Dublin Painters which was co-founded by the artist Paul Henry and spent that decade living between Cork and Dublin. In 1947 he was resident in Crosshaven and by 1949 he had moved across Cork Harbour to nearby Cobh. He and Craig later settled at a Raglan Lane studio in Ballsbridge, Dublin.
In 1941, his work was exhibited at the Royal Hibernian Academy (RHA) for the first time. Between 1941 and 1971 he exhibited every year (but for three occasions) at the RHA, cumulatively showing in the region of one hundred paintings. In 1948 he was elected associate to the RHA, and full member the following year. He also showed work at the Ritchie Hendriks Gallery, St Stephen's Green, Dublin, in addition to submitting pieces to the Royal Academy (RA) and the Royal Scottish Academy (RSA). As well as regularly exhibiting in group exhibitions, he also had several solo shows, among which included: a retrospective at the Dublin Painters Gallery in 1951; a London show in 1956; a flower painting show at the Ritchie Hendriks Gallery in 1957; Dublin winter shows in 1967 and 1978; as well as exhibitions in Chicago and his native Cork.
Immensely productive but something of an outsider within the Irish Academy, his increasingly individual and precise style has been associated with Surrealism and anticipates Photorealism, while his subjects range from still lifes and interiors to landscapes and portraits. In 1939 he painted a portrait of Dr Eduard Hempel (as well as ones of his wife and their children, Liv and Berthold), who was the German Envoy to Ireland between 1937 and 1945. In 1957 he painted a portrait of his friend, the author Elizabeth Bowen (CBE) at her ancestral home of Bowen's Court, near Kildorrery, County Cork, while in 1963 he painted "Farewell to Ireland" depicting President John F. Kennedy departing Ireland at Shannon Airport five months prior to his assassination in Dallas, Texas.
In later life, he and Craig travelled extensively in France, Belgium, Netherlands, Spain, Italy and Greece, spending their winters for health reasons in Morocco and Portugal and their summers working in Cork and the West of Ireland. Patrick Hennessy died in Portugal on 30 December 1980 aged 65.
Examples of his work can be found in the public collections of the Crawford Art Gallery; the Dublin City Gallery The Hugh Lane; the Irish Museum of Modern Art (IMMA); the Limerick City Gallery of Art (LCGA); the National Gallery of Ireland (NGI); the National Self-Portrait Collection of Ireland (NSPCI) at the University of Limerick (UL); and in the collections of University College Cork (UCC) and University College Dublin (UCD).
While self-portraits and works such as that of Liv Hempel routinely make between €2,000-€4,000 at auction, owing to the prominence of its subject Hennessy's portrait of John F. Kennedy had an asking price of over €75,000 ($98,000) in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30997240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997240" title="Ending lamination theorem">
Ending lamination theorem

In hyperbolic geometry, the ending lamination theorem, originally conjectured by , states that hyperbolic 3-manifolds with finitely generated fundamental groups are determined by their topology together with certain "end invariants", which are geodesic laminations on some surfaces in the boundary of the manifold.
The ending lamination theorem is a generalization of the Mostow rigidity theorem to hyperbolic manifolds of infinite volume. When the manifold is compact or of finite volume, the Mostow rigidity theorem states that the fundamental group determines the manifold. When the volume is infinite the fundamental group is not enough to determine the manifold: one also needs to know the hyperbolic structure on the surfaces at the "ends" of the manifold, and also the ending laminations on these surfaces.
Ending laminations.
Ending laminations were introduced by .
Suppose that a hyperbolic 3-manifold has a geometrically tame end of the form "S"×[0,1) for some compact surface "S" without boundary, so that "S" can be thought of as the "points at infinity" of the end. The ending lamination of this end is (roughly) a lamination on the surface "S", in other words a closed subset of "S" that is written as the disjoint union of geodesics of "S". It is characterized by the following property. Suppose that there is a sequence of closed geodesics on "S" whose lifts tends to infinity in the end. Then the limit of these simple geodesics is the ending lamination.

</doc>
<doc id="30997261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997261" title="Michael Sutton (cricketer)">
Michael Sutton (cricketer)

Michael Antony Sutton (born 29 March 1921) played first-class cricket for Oxford University in 1946 and 1947 and also appeared in a single first-class match for Somerset in 1948, playing against Oxford University. He was born at Weymouth, Dorset. CricketArchive lists him as "Tony Sutton".
Sutton was educated at Ampleforth College and at Worcester College, Oxford. As a cricketer he was a right-handed lower-order batsman and a right-arm off-spin bowler. In the 1946 season, he was the most economical of Oxford's regular bowlers, with 31 wickets at an average of 22.93 runs each. The best bowling figures of his career came in the match against Leicestershire when he took five second innings wickets for 63 runs, his only five-wicket return. He took three wickets in the 1946 University match against Cambridge. 
Sutton played for the Oxford University side again in 10 matches in 1947 but his bowling was less effective and the English-born Canadian off-spin bowler Basil Robinson was preferred in the team for the 1947 University match. In 1948 he played his one first-class match for Somerset and in 1954 he played once in the Minor Counties for Devon as well as in two other minor matches.

</doc>
<doc id="30997273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997273" title="St Kilda Cycling Club">
St Kilda Cycling Club

The St Kilda Cycling Club, commonly referred to as SKCC, is an Australian cycling club based in inner and south-east Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The club is part of the international cycling union, the sport's peak body.
The cycling club was established in 1999 and its name originates from the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda, Victoria although its membership base extends beyond the suburban boundaries. The club is a not for profit association formed under the Associations Incorporation Act 1981.
The club is the second largest in Australia and has the largest female membership of any Australian cycling club. UCI ProTour rider and U-23 National Criterium Champion Matthew Lloyd is the number one ticket holder of the club.
History.
SKCC was formed in 1999 when a group of local riders saw the need for a local club to service the growing number of cyclist in inner Melbourne.
Criterium Racing.
The criterium racing season commences in October each year and runs through to April the following year. A criterium, or crit, is a bike race held on a short course (usually less than 5 km), often run on closed-off city center streets.
The current SKCC club criterium circuit is located in White St, Port Melbourne. Racing is graded from the premier women's and men's events A grade events through to E grade entry level races.
Road Racing.
The road racing seasons commences in April each year and extends through to October.
The road racing calendar consists of handicap and graded racing events run each weekend on closed roads outside the Melbourne metropolitan areas. SKCC is part of a group of seven cycling clubs who work together to organise the winter road racing season. This group of clubs is referred to as the Northern Combine.
Club Jerseys.
The current SKCC club jersey was designed by Simon Moody of SimpleSime. It was first released in 2009 and has been rerun a number of times.
Club Champions.
2012 Criterium Championships.
Men: David Loakes, Aaron Salisbury, Richard Braic
Women: Jenny McPherson, Clare Morgan, Tanya Matthewson
Mens Masters 2/3: David Loakes, Aaron Salisbury, Steve Martin
Masters 4/5: Bill Gordon, Adrian Vlok, Tim McGrath
Masters 6+: Brad Speller, Jeff Provan, Neil Jeffs
Masters Women 2/3:Jenny Macpherson, Clare Morgan, Tanya Matthewson
Masters Women 4/5: Kerrie Baumgartner, Renee Nutbean, Lysiane Belton
Masters Women 6: Philippa Read
Junior Boys J19: Bradley Erickson, Adam McGillivray
Junior Boys J17: Theo Hassan
Junior Boys J15: Sam Byrne
Junior Girls J19: Molly Tilbrook
2011 Criterium Championships.
Men: Chris Tymms, David Loakes, Andy Naylor
Women: Jenny McPherson, Jane McInnes, Bridget Officer
Masters 4/5: Bill Gordon, Tommy Walker, Peter Bolton
Masters 6+: Chris Salisbury, Gordon Patrick, Brad Speller
Masters Women 2/3:Jane McInnes, Justyna Lubkowski, Hannah Vine
Masters Women 4/5: Fiona Carden, Liz Georgeson
Masters Women 6: Philippa Read, Daylight
Junior Boys J19: Jeremy Nielsen, Justin Cally
Junior Boys J17: Bradley Erickson, Stephen Liley, Adam McGillivray
Junior Boys J15: George O’Donovan
Junior Girls J13: Asha Henriksson
2010 Criterium Championships.
Men: Rico Rogers, David Loakes, Chris Tymms
Women: Amy Bradley, Mary Rogers, Jane McInnes
Men 35+: Stuart Hill, Jamie Kelly, Ben McGann
Men 45+: Mal Hart, Peter Bolton, Stephen Mayes
Women 35+: Eliza Bergin, Lisa Coutts, Alison Raaymakers
Juniors: James Jones
Handcycling: Stuart Tripp
2010 Road Championships.
Men: Reece Stephens, Aaron Salisbury, Allan Iacoune
Women: Tanya Matthewson, Eliza Bergin, Lisa Coutts
Men 35+: Aaron Christiansen, Jeremy Hindell, Adam Kliska
Men 45+: Tom Walker, Chris Salisbury, Peter Bolton
Women 35+: Lisa Coutts
Women 45+: Phillipa Read, Sue Brown
Juniors: James Jones
2009 Criterium Championships.
Men: Robert Crowe, David Loakes, Stuart Hill
Women: Jo Hogan, Freya Cole, Lisa Couts
Men 35+: Robert Crowe, Stuart Hill, Jamie Kelly
Men 45+: Peter Zvedeniuk, Jeff Provan, Graeme Fisher
Juniors: James Jones
2009 Road Championships.
Men: Sam Rix, Peter Riseley, Wade Wallace
Women's A: Jo Hogan, Alison Raaymakers, Mary Rogers
Men 45+: Jeff Provan, Marcus Balscheit
Women B: Kristin Hendrikksson, Nerissa Stafford, Caitlin Chancellor
Juniors: James Jones
2008 Criterium Championships.
Men: David Loakes, Robert Crowe, Stuart Hill
Women: Cristine Foster, Emma Colson, Philippa Read
Men 45+: Tom Walker, Peter Zvendeniuk, Michael Day
Juniors: Michael Jeffs, Oscar Kazmanli-Liffen
2008 Road Championships.
Men: Wade Wallace, Ben Juzwin, James Broadway
Women's: Cristine Foster, Ginger Kidd, Stephanie McGrath
Men 35+: James Broadway
Men 45+: Pete Knight
2007 Criterium Championships.
Men: Sean Hanneberry, David Loakes, Damon Ginns
Women: Cristine Foster, Sharon Laws, Melinda Jacobsen
Masters: Peter Zvendeniuk, Brad Speller, Alan Nelson
2007 road championships.
Men: Reece Stephens, James Broadway, Brett Perez
Women: Cristine Foster, Melinda Jacobsen, Philippa Read
Men 30+: Brett Perez, Sam Rix, Wade Wallace
Men 35+: Reece Stephens, James Broadway, Andrew Pike
Men 45+: Pete Knight, Tom Walker, Philip Jenkins

</doc>
<doc id="30997281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997281" title="2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships">
2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships

The 2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place between February 25 and 27, 2011 in Courmayeur, Italy at the Forum Sport Center ice rink. The World Championships are organised by the ISU which also run world cups and championships in speed skating and figure skating.
This event was a qualification for the short track speed skating events at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics.
Participating nations.
155 athletes from 33 countries participated.

</doc>
<doc id="30997289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997289" title="Alcohol Funnycar">
Alcohol Funnycar

Alcohol Funnycar was an American rock band from Seattle, Washington.
The band was formed in 1991 by Ben London, an Ohio native, in Seattle. Bassist Tommy "Bonehead" Simpson was a former member of Love Battery and Crisis Party. Joel Trueblood was a former member of The Untamed Youth and went on to play with Neko Case. The band released an EP and two full-lengths in the mid-1990s before disbanding.

</doc>
<doc id="30997358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997358" title="Malcolm Wilmot">
Malcolm Wilmot

Malcolm Wilmot (1771 – September 7, 1859) was a merchant and political figure in New Brunswick. He represented Westmorland in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1823 to 1827.
He was born in Rhode Island, the son of a captain in the British army who served during the American revolution. Wilmot was a lieutenant in the King's New Brunswick Regiment, retiring on half pay when the regiment was disbanded in 1802. He was a general merchant and operated a shipping business at the Bend of Petitcodiac (later Moncton). He married a daughter of John Bentley. He was elected to the assembly in an 1823 by-election held after the election of Joseph Crandall was overturned because he was a preacher. Wilmot died at the Bend of Petitcodiac at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="30997360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997360" title="Jorge Goncalvez (racing driver)">
Jorge Goncalvez (racing driver)

Jorge Andrés Goncalves, now spelling his last name Goncalvez, (born June 14, 1991) is a Venezuelan racing driver from Los Teques.
Racing career.
Early career.
After karting, Goncalvez began his auto racing career in Formula Renault Campus France in 2007, finishing 14th. In 2008 he raced in Formula BMW USA for the Apex-HBR Racing Team and finished 7th. In 2009 Goncalvez moved to the Star Mazda Championship with AIM Autosport and finished 9th. After winning the 2009–2010 Formula Car Challenge presented by Goodyear Winter Series with Team Apex, Goncalvez returned to Team Apex for the full 2010 campaign. He finished fourth in points with five second-place finishes but no wins or poles.
Indy Lights.
In 2011 Goncalvez signed with Belardi Auto Racing to compete in IndyCar's Firestone Indy Lights series. He captured four podium finishes, all on ovals, including a runner-up finish at the New Hampshire Motor Speedway and finished fifth in points. His best finish on a road or street course was a fourth place at Barber Motorsports Park. He signed on with Belardi to return to the series for the 2012 Indy Lights season. Goncalvez's performance regressed in 2012, which saw him failing to reach the podium and finishing last among drivers who competed in every race. He will return to the team and the series for a third season in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="30997381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997381" title="FK Spišská Nová Ves">
FK Spišská Nová Ves

FK Spišská Nová Ves is a Slovak association football team, based in the town of Spišská Nová Ves. The club was founded in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="30997383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997383" title="Nadakame Ulakam">
Nadakame Ulakam

Nadakame Ulakam () is a 2011 Malayalam-language comedy film directed by Viji Thampi and starring Mukesh, Vinu Mohan, Sarayu, and Saranya Mohan in the lead roles. Its songs are composed by veteran music director Johnson with lyrics penned by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri. The film released on 25 February.
Plot.
Omanakuttan (Mukesh), is a Bank Manager by profession. But he is very interested stage plays and he himself has directed and acted in many plays. He is approached by a film crew from town headed by Pavan (Suraj Venjaramoodu), to produce their debut venture. Omanakuttan who is a cinema aspirant, agrees to finance the film after he was offered the lead role. Eventually, he learns that neither Pavanan nor his associates know anything about film making. Omanakuttan decides himself to script and direct the film. He completes the film successfully with a limited cast but fails to find a distributor. To find a distributor, Omanakuttan goes to Chennai but fate had something else planned for him there. His bag gets stolen and while chasing the thief, he gets hit by a car. Fortunately the car was that of an accomplished film producer and distributor (Siddhiq). After hearing the story of Omanakuttan, he decides to distribute the film, which became a super hit in the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="30997393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997393" title="Ashore (album)">
Ashore (album)

Ashore is a folk album by June Tabor released in 2011 on Topic Records, catalogue number TSCD 577.
It is a collection of songs concerning humankind's relationship with the sea.

</doc>
<doc id="30997405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997405" title="The Hostage (Dammaj novel)">
The Hostage (Dammaj novel)

Al-Rahinah or The Hostage is a Yemeni short novel by Zayd Mutee' Dammaj. It was selected by the Arab Writers Union as one of the 100 best Arabic novels of the 20th century. To date, the novel has been translated into French, English (by May Jayyusi and Christopher Tingley), German and Hindi.

</doc>
<doc id="30997417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997417" title="Väljas">
Väljas

Väljas is an Estonian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30997459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997459" title="Peter Ball (MP)">
Peter Ball (MP)

Sir Peter Ball (died 1680) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1626 and 1640. He was attorney general to Queen Henrietta Maria.
Ball was the son of Giles Ball of Mamhead, Devon. He was called to the bar at Middle Temple in 1623 and became recorder of Exeter. He was elected Member of Parliament for Tiverton in 1626 and was re-elected in 1628. He sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. In 1636, he became an associate to the bench.
In April 1640, Ball was re-elected MP for Tiverton in the Short Parliament. He then became attorney-general to Queen Henrietta Maria and was Lent reader in 1641. He was knighted at Oxford on 7 October 1643 and was awarded D.C.L. at Oxford University on 19 February 1644. 
Ball died in 1680 and was buried at Mamhead on 4 September 1680.
Ball married Ann Cooke, daughter of Sir William Cooke, of Gloucestershire. They had seventeen children including William the astronomer and Peter the physician.

</doc>
<doc id="30997467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997467" title="Dual-track system">
Dual-track system

A dual-track system is an economic system in which the government controls key sectors of the economy, while allowing private enterprise limited control over the other sectors.
See also.
Chinese Economic Reform

</doc>
<doc id="30997474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997474" title="Hermes Carleial">
Hermes Carleial

Hermes Carleial (30 March 1904 – 6 July 1954), was a Brazilian poet, lawyer, accountant and writer.
Biography.
Hermes Carleial was born in the city of Barbalha, in the State of Ceará, in 1904. He initiated his studies in Barbalha, finishing them in Fortaleza, Ceará, at "Colégio São Luis", and working in local trade. In 1926 he obtained an accountancy diploma at the "Escola de Comércio Fênix Caixeral", as valedictorian. In 1933 he married Maria do Carmo Mendes Frota.
He graduated in Law at the "Faculdade de Direito do Ceará", but didn't followed the lawyer career, preferring to continue in business. In 1940, he established a representative office of its own, "Carleial & Cia. Ltda.", trading up particularly with North America.
He wrote for magazines and newspapers from Fortaleza and Rio de Janeiro City, as "O Povo", "O Estado", "Jornal das Moças" e "Revista Fon-Fon". In 1952 his work "Rapsódia Cearense" won the prize "José Albano" in the poetry genre, promoted by the Education Department of Fortaleza.
He died in Fortaleza in 1954, a victim of hypertensive crisis and subsequent cerebrovascular accident.

</doc>
<doc id="30997477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997477" title="MFK Lokomotíva Zvolen">
MFK Lokomotíva Zvolen

MFK Lokomotíva Zvolen is a Slovak football team, based in the town of Zvolen. The club was founded in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="30997489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997489" title="Tahish al-Huban">
Tahish al-Huban

Tahish al-Huban is a Yemeni short story collection by Zayd Mutee' Dammaj. It was first published in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="30997504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997504" title="The Scorpion (novel)">
The Scorpion (novel)

The Scorpion or "Al-'Aqrab" is a collection of stories by Yemeni writer Zayd Mutee' Dammaj. It was first published in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="30997505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997505" title="Taylor County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Taylor County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Taylor County Courthouse in Bedford, Iowa, United States was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse was the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first courthouse for Taylor County was begun in 1863. It was constructed of stone on the south side of the square. Additional office space was rented as the county grew and required more space for county government. 
The cornerstone for the present courthouse was laid in June 1892. The three-story Romanesque Revival building was completed in the spring the following year. It was constructed of pressed brick and Bedford stone. A large dome tops the building. The interior features fireplaces in most of the rooms. The building was built for $38,000. Because the contractor lost money on the project the county gave him an additional $1,000 and a gold watch for adhering to the original contract price.

</doc>
<doc id="30997515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997515" title="Sietse Bakker">
Sietse Bakker

Sietse Bakker is a Dutch entrepreneur, writer, speaker and television event executive at the European Broadcasting Union (EBU).
Bakker started his career as founder and editor-in-chief of the independent Eurovision Song Contest website Esctoday.com, at the age of 18. At the age of 22, he was hired by the EBU as Manager New Media. Two years later he was promoted to the position of Manager Communications & PR of the Eurovision Song Contest and Junior Eurovision Song Contest.
As of 1 January 2011, Bakker was appointed as the Executive Supervisor of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest after Svante Stockselius resigned from the role. He also holds the position of Event Supervisor of the Eurovision Song Contest.
Bakker runs the Dutch event management company Wow!works. In 2009 he was chosen as one of the 25 most successful young entrepreneurs of the Netherlands. In 2010 he finished as runner-up in the competition Communications Talent of the Year in the Netherlands.
In June 2011, Bakker published the book How To Live Wow!? in Dutch.

</doc>
<doc id="30997525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997525" title="Pulvermacher's chain">
Pulvermacher's chain

The Pulvermacher chain, or in full as it was sold the Pulvermacher hydro-electric chain, was a type of voltaic battery sold in the second half of the 19th century for medical applications. Its chief market was amongst the numerous quack practitioners who were taking advantage of the popularity of the relatively new treatment of electrotherapy, or "electrification" as it was then known. Its unique selling point was its construction of numerous linked cells, rendering it mechanically flexible. A variant intended to be worn wrapped on part of the body for long periods was known as Pulvermacher's galvanic chain or electric belt.
The Pulvermacher Company attracted a great deal of antagonism from the medical community due to their use of the names of well-known physicians in their advertising without permission. The nature of their business; in selling to charlatans and promoting quack practices also made them unpopular with the medical community. Despite this, the Pulvermacher chain was widely reported as a useful source of electricity for medical and scientific purposes, even amongst the most vocal critics of the Pulvermacher Company.
Construction.
Electrically, the machine worked like a voltaic pile, but was constructed completely differently. The electrodes were copper for the cathode and zinc for the anode, with the electrolyte consisting of vinegar or some other weak acid, or a salt solution.Pulvermacher, pp.1-2</ref>
Each cell consisted of a wooden dowel with a bifilar winding of copper and zinc wires. The dowels were helically grooved like a screw thread to locate the wires precisely in position. This enabled the copper and zinc wires to be placed very close to each other without coming into electrical contact. Insulated wires could not be used as this would interfere with the operation of the electrolyte. Copper wires were inserted into the ends of the dowels to which the copper and zinc windings were soldered. These end wires were either attached to, or formed into, hooks and eyes for attaching to other cells. This arrangement is depicted in figure 2. These attachments provided the electrical connections as well as the mechanical linkages.Lardner, pp.288-289Moritz, p.97Pulvermacher, p.2</ref>
Each cell was connected to the next with the copper winding of one being connected to the zinc winding of the next and so on. The cells could be connected end-to-end, or for a more compact assembly side-by-side, in the manner of links in a chain. The voltage delivered by the assembly was controlled by the number of links thus incorporated and could become quite high, even though the current available was no more than from a single cell (to increase the current, the size of the cells must be increased). The shock delivered by such chains was described as "strong" for one chain of 120 links, and as "sharp" for another of 50 links.Lardner, p.289Moritz, pp.97-98Pulvermacher, p.2</ref>
Prior to use, the chain was soaked in vinegar so that the electrolyte was absorbed into the wooden dowels. The wood of which the dowels were made was chosen to be a very porous type so that the amount of electrolyte absorbed was maximised. The chain would continue to produce a voltage until the dowels dried out, then the chain would have to be resoaked. Typically, the chain would be charged by slowly drawing it through a bowl of vinegar as shown in figure 4.Lardner, p.289Moritz, pp.97-98Powell, p.21Pulvermacher, pp.2-3</ref>
A special link could be included in the chain which incorporated an interrupter circuit. The purpose of the interrupter is to rapidly connect and disconnect the circuit so that the normally steady current of the battery is turned into a rapidly varying current. The usual practice in the use of medical electrical batteries was to feed the output of the interrupter to an induction coil in order to increase the voltage applied to the patient by transformer action. In Pulvermacher's patent however, there is no mention of using induction coils - the Pulvermacher battery could produce large voltages merely by adding more links to the chain. However, the interrupter still had an effect in that an interrupted current produces a stronger sensation of electric shock in the patient than a steady current. A novel feature of Pulvermacher's interrupter was that it was operated by the action of a vibrating spring kept in motion by the movements of the patient without the need for any external input. Interrupters of the time typically had to be hand-cranked by the physician, although there were already some in existence using electro-mechanical automatic interrupters. Later versions of the Pulvermacher chain used clockwork driven interrupters whose rate of interruption could be adjusted so that the rate of shock to the patient could be controlled. Such a clockwork interrupter is fitted to the chain shown in figure 1. It is wound up by turning the handle at the left end.Pulvermacher, p.2</ref>
By 1869 a variant of this chain had appeared. In this the wooden dowels were dispensed with, and instead a hollow tube of zinc or magnesium was used. The zinc tube itself formed the anode of the cell, and over this was wound the copper wire cathode, or in yet another version, rings of copper plates. The zinc tube and copper wire were kept apart by stitches of thread. Magnesium was not commonly used by battery manufacturers of the time due to its very high price (unlike today) compared to zinc. However, a cell made with magnesium in place of zinc produces around twice the voltage. More importantly for Pulvermacher, the cell would still output some voltage if the electrolyte was replaced with plain water. Pulvermacher marketed a type of chain that was designed to be worn wrapped around a limb being treated and was claimed to operate with body sweat acting as the electrolyte and no need to charge it with electrolyte from an external source. Pulvermacher also produced a smaller "pocket version" of the chain which had fewer links than the full 120-cell version.
Pulvermacher.
Isaac Lewis Pulvermacher was a physicist and inventor originally concerned with the electric telegraph. He first published details of his chain in August 1850 in German and in the winter of that same year came to Britain to demonstrate the machine to notable physicians. He visited London and Edinburgh on this trip. He gives his residence as Breslau, Kingdom of Prussia in his 1853 US patent.Pulvermacher, p.1</ref> Prior to this, however, he had arrived in Britain from Vienna and all the British sources of the time describe him as "of Vienna".
Medical opinion.
At first, there was a very positive reaction to Pulvermacher. Early in 1851 Pulvermacher gave Golding Bird, a well known London physician with an interest in electrotherapy, a sample of the machine with which to experiment. Bird was impressed enough with it that he later gave a representative of the Pulvermacher Company a testimonial as a letter of introduction to physicians in Edinburgh. Bird thought that the battery would make a useful source of portable electricity and could be used for treating patients with some forms of paralysis in their homes. Contemporary equipment was not very portable, and in the case of friction machines required skilled operators to keep going. By October 1851 Bird felt that he had tested the device sufficiently to give it a glowing article in "The Lancet". But even at this early stage there were signs of disquiet. Even as he wrote the favourable report in "The Lancet" Bird felt the need to level criticism at the Pulvermacher Company's London agent, one C. Meinig, for promoting the device as a "universal panacea" for almost any imaginable complaint in the company's advertisements. Bird was a tireless opponent of quack practitioners, and was particular quick to criticise medically unqualified electrical treatment, as he felt this was a reason professional acceptance of his own work in electrotherapy was being held back. The quack practitioner market was the very sector that the Pulvermacher Company's unrestrained claims were aimed at. Nevertheless, Bird was gracious enough to specifically exclude Pulvermacher himself from responsibility for these "injudiciously puffed" claims.
By April 1853 the situation had become very acrimonuous. Meinig had been using extracts from the testimonial provided by Bird without permission in order to bolster the Company's, medically largely unsupported, quack advertising claims. Bird threatened a legal injunction but Meinig refused to desist and tried to imply that Bird was benefitting from the publicity. A letter writing campaign by one Dr. McIntyre against the Pulvermacher advertisements led to an exchange of letters in the "Association Medical Journal". Bird made plain that he had only ever recommended the chain as a convenient source of electricity and did not support any of the claimed curative powers, most especially those that were supposed to produce instant results (a typical course of electrotherapy at the time could last several months). He criticised some of the chains being sold as delivering "too feeble" a current to be of any medical use and pointed out that the proposed procedure of wrapping the device around an affected limb would make it useless since a conductive path through the skin across each cell would prevent a useful voltage being developed at the terminals (Pulvermacher even suggests in his patent that contact with the body generates enough electricity to be effective even without electrolyte). This resulted in the "Journal" removing the Pulvermacher advertisements from its pages. The "Associated Medical Journal" was quickly followed by the "Medical Times" and with growing pressure on "The Lancet" to do the same this pretty much ended professional medical support for the device, at least for the time being.
Despite this inauspicious start with the medical profession, the Pulvermacher chain continued to be described in scientific and medical journals and books as a useful tool throughout the late 1850s and 1860s, even being mentioned in the proceedings of the Royal Society. Even Bird, at the height of his dispute with the Pulvermacher company found himself able to say "the "battery" of Pulvermacher is an ingenious and useful source of electricity..." Although banned from much of the medical press, the Pulvermacher Company did not restrain its advertising claims or its use of notable names. The College of Dentists investigated its possible use as an anaesthetic during tooth extraction but found no benefit with the device frequently adding to the pain. In 1869, the Pulvermacher Company again found itself the subject of discussion in the medical press when they were involved in legal proceedings. This time the company was itself the victim of quacks when its product was pirated with poor quality imitations and this was the cause of the court case. The "Medical Times" was prompted by this to examine the efficacy of the Pulvermacher chain ending a long period of the paper ignoring it as a worthless quack instrument. The result was a very positive review of the chain's function and the reviewer particularly praised the workmanship.
Competition and decline.
Pulvermacher patented the chain battery in the US in 1853. This was soon followed by the wearable chain battery belt, or electric belt. Electric belts became enormously popular in the US, far more so than in Europe. This led to the company headquarters being moved to Cincinnati by the 1880s as the Pulvermacher Galvanic Company, but still calling themselves Pulvermacher's of London for the prestige of a European connection. Early models had to be soaked in vinegar before use as in England, but later on models that worked purely by galvanic action with body sweat were introduced. Since the device was being sold essentially as a quack cure it was only necessary to generate enough electricity that the wearer could feel it, no matter how slightly, and know that it was working.
Electric belts were made for every conceivable part of the human anatomy: limbs, abdomen, chest, neck – sometimes all worn at the same time. Pulvermacher even had a model designed to attach to the male genitals in a special sac which was claimed to cure impotence and erectile dysfunction. Pulvermacher promoted a theory that loss of "male vigour" in later life was a consequence of masturbation in early life and that a limited supply of semen, which provided the vigour, would run out before time if wasted. Pulvermacher's device was meant to address this shortcoming.Schlesinger, pp.164-165</ref>
Competition was very intense for this lucrative market and the claimed benefits became ever more extravagant. Amongst Pulvermacher's many competitors in the US were the German Electric Belt Company (actually New York based), Dr Crystal's, Dr. Horn's, Addison's, Edson's, Edison's, Owen's and Heidelberg's. Edison's was founded by Thomas Edison Junior, whose father was the famous Thomas Edison. Owen's was originally New York based but expanded across the country until they were put out of business due to fraud. In Europe too, there were competitors. The Medical Battery Company of England made a popular belt. They attempted (unsuccessfully) to sue the "Electrical Review" when that paper accused them of quackery in 1892. The Iona Company, an Oregon based company founded by Henry Gaylord Wilshire was still selling belts in 1926 and making large profits: $36,000 ($ inflation adjusted) net from 2,445 belts in five months. By the end of the 1920s the electric belt's popularity had severely declined (but not the public's appetite for other quack electric cures) and the scientific market had long since moved on to better electrical generation technology than chain batteries.Schlesinger, pp.164-165</ref>
Popular culture.
The Pulvermacher chain, especially in the form of one being worn on the body, was very familiar in the late 19th and early 20th century and would not have needed to be explained to an audience. For instance, there are references to it in the novel "Madame Bovary" when the character Homais wearing a number of Pulvermacher chains is described as "more bandaged than a Scythian".

</doc>
<doc id="30997526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997526" title="The Bridge (short stories)">
The Bridge (short stories)

The Bridge or Al-Jisr is a Yemeni short story collection by Zayd Mutee' Dammaj. It was first published in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="30997531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997531" title="The Sorrows of the Girl Mayyasa">
The Sorrows of the Girl Mayyasa

The Sorrows of the Girl Mayyasa or Ahzan al-bint Mayyasa is a Yemeni short story collection by Zayd Mutee' Dammaj. It was first published in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="30997559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997559" title="Myra Taylor (jazz singer)">
Myra Taylor (jazz singer)

Myra Taylor (February 24, 1917 – December 9, 2011) was an American jazz singer and songwriter. She began performing as a teenager and continued performing into her nineties.
Biography.
Early life.
Myra Jardine Taylor was born in Bonner Springs, Kansas, but her family moved to Kansas City, Missouri's historic 18th and Vine area when she was a child. Working as a housekeeper at age 14, she began dancing at the Sunset and Reno clubs on 12th street. Being underage, she entered some clubs by sneaking in through a rear window and eventually attracted attention singing.
Acting career.
Taylor appeared as the character "Pearl" in three episodes of the US television program "The Jeffersons" - "The Arrival (Part 1)" and "The Arrival (Part 2)" in 1980 and "Men of the Cloth" in 1982
She was the lead in the 1979 women's professional basketball comedy "Scoring", as well as supporting roles in "Suspect", "Crossing Delancey", Lasse Hallström's "Once Around", and Ron Howard's "The Paper".
Music career.
In the 1930s, she toured the Midwest with Clarence Love's band. She moved to Chicago in 1937 and worked with Warren “Baby” Dodds, Lonnie Johnson, Roy Eldridge and Lil Hardin Armstrong. She returned to Kansas City in 1940 and Harlan Leonard hired Taylor as the featured singer for his new band "Harlan Leonard and His Rockets". The band had a lengthy engagement at Harlem's Golden Gate Ballroom. The band recorded "I Don’t Want to Set the World on Fire" on RCA's Bluebird Records label. Taylor wrote the song "Dig It", and Leonard claimed co-writing credit, later omitting her name and denying her royalties.
In a short on TMC dated 1937 - Jimmie Lunceford and his orchestra perform their upbeat jazz with the help of guest performers including the singer Myra Johnson (Taylor). This includes "Rhythm is our Business" and displayed some of the highlights of the Jimmie Lunceford Review. Last shown on Turner Movie Classics 12/25/2013.
Taylor and Leonard parted company, and she join Eubie Blake's band for a USO tour. She then returned to Kansas City to sing with the Jimmy Keith Orchestra, and in 1946 they had a hit with "Spider and the Fly" on Mercury Records. The Billboard review said of her performance "Miss Taylor sings with a subtle sob and a real 'blues' vibrato that adds up to a stellar performance". but was denied royalties by publisher Blasco Music, who claimed that despite the record being a "smash" there were no profits.
Frustrated at the American music business, she spent most of the 1950s in Juarez, Mexico. She began touring in Europe, and in 1965 moved to Frankfurt, Germany and opened her own club named "Down by the Riverside". She performed in USO shows during World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War, performing in 32 different countries. In 1977, she moved back to the United States and settled in Los Angeles, California to work in film and television, and in 1994 relocated back to her native Kansas City.
In 2000, she recorded "My Night to Dream" for "Analogue Production Originals" records and released it on the very inauspicious date of September 11, 2001. It was re-released on SACD in 2010.
Taylor continued singing, performing with the group "Wild Women of Kansas City" but the only recording with the group was at the Pilgrim Chapel on September 26, 2010. A CD is available from the venue, featuring tracks including Sentimental Journey, What a Wonderful World, and Minnie the Moocher.
She celebrated her 94th birthday with a concert at Knuckleheads Saloon with Samantha Fish and Mike Zito.
Taylor's final performance was July 24, 2011 with the "Wild Women of Kansas City" at Jardine's nightclub in Kansas City. Her health declined in the last half of 2011 following a fall and she was no longer able to live at her own home. She spent the final three months of her life at Kansas City's Swope Ridge Geriatric Center.
Death.
She died December 9, 2011 at the Swope Ridge Geriatric Center in Kansas City, Missouri, aged 94.

</doc>
<doc id="30997564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997564" title="TJ Sokol Dolná Ždaňa">
TJ Sokol Dolná Ždaňa

TJ Sokol Dolná Ždaňa was a Slovak football team, based in the town of Dolná Ždaňa. The club was founded in -.

</doc>
<doc id="30997567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997567" title="Sandy Point Island">
Sandy Point Island

Sandy Point Island (more commonly referred to as Sandy Point) is a 35-acre island in Little Narragansett Bay. Once an extension of Napatree Point, Sandy Point is now its own entity. The 1938 Hurricane separated the peninsula, leaving Sandy Point a mile-long island and Napatree Point a shorter peninsula, still attached to the mainland.
Geography.
The small island was made from the same longshore drift that created Napatree Point. The two pieces of land were one until the 1938 Hurricane tore several channels in the peninsula. The result was the separation of Napatree at the elbow, making Sandy Point an island. The land is low-lying and nearly all sand, aside from a few trees.
The 35-acre island is one mile long, and is about one half mile north of Napatree Point. Although the connection between the two has been broken, the waves break at the point where the peninsula once was. The underwater remains of the peninsula makes the area dangerous for many boaters.
History.
Sandy Point was once the farthest extension of Napatree Point, a small peninsula off of Watch Hill, Rhode Island. It was covered in trees for many years. Once the region was struck with the Great September Gale of 1815, the trees were all destroyed. After this event, it took on its current form, a coastal beach.
It was attached to Napatree Point until the 1938 Hurricane made landfall on the Northeastern United States. When the hurricane struck the coast, it cut several channels into the peninsula. One of those channels broke Sandy Point away from Napatree, and to this day it remains an island, detached from the mainland.
In 1940, Sandy Point was deeded to Alfred Gildersleeve of Stonington, Connecticut. The Guildersleeve family gave Sandy Point to the Avalonia Land Conservancy in 1982 to be protected and used as a nature preserve.
Sandy Point Today and Conservation Status.
Sandy Point is now divided between two states. Of the 35-acre island, 30 of those acres belong to the state of Rhode Island. The remaining five acres, the northernmost five, are a part of the Town of Stonington, New London County, in the state of Connecticut. Sandy Point is recognized as a village of the Town of Westerly, in Washington County, Rhode Island.
After being given to the Avalonia Land Conservancy in 1982, it was used as a nature preserve. The island mainly serves as a breeding ground for several species of shoreline birds, including the Least Tern, the Roseate Tern, the Piping Plover, the American Oystercatcher, and the Herring Gull, among others. It is also used for recreational purposes. The island is a popular beach for people because of its seclusion. It is also good for parents of young children because the water doesn't get much deeper than knee-deep along the shore. Today, the island is in the possession of the Land Conservancy, but is run in partnership with the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service. Up until 2011, it was managed by the Stewart B. McKinney National Wildlife Refuge. However, it has since been added to the Rhode Island National Wildlife Refuge Complex, which has taken the Stewart B. McKinney Refuge's place.
There have been a few minor disputes over whether the island should be used as a bird sanctuary or as an area for public access. On February 3, 2010, a meeting was held in the Stonington Community Center to announce to those concerned what the decision was on how to manage the island. The Avalonia Land Coservancy signed a five-year management contract with the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service, and the two reached an agreement. As of summer 2010, the northern and southern tips of the island, along with the middle region of the island, have been closed off and are to be used as nesting areas for the various birds that migrate to the island. The remainder of the island, a little over half, is still open to the public (with the purchase of a permit). The island has recently added information kiosks, managed by a few people from the Fish & Wildlife Service. The state boundaries have been marked, and fences have been put up to block off bird nesting areas.
Access to the Island.
It is somewhat difficult to access Sandy Point because there is no dock on the island. The island is most easily reached by boats with a shallow draft. It is also possible to reach the island by larger boats if you drop anchor offshore and row or swim in to the beach. 
Anyone who wishes to visit the island during the summer must obtain a permit from the Stonington Community Center. Permits can be purchased for individual days or for the whole season. 
See also.
Fishers Island

</doc>
<doc id="30997575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997575" title="Evelina Sašenko">
Evelina Sašenko

Evelina Sašenko (Polish: Ewelina Saszenko; Ukrainian: Евеліна Сашенко born 26 July 1987 in Rūdiškės) is a Lithuanian jazz singer of Polish-Ukrainian descent, who was born and lives in Lithuania. She represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "C'est ma vie". She is also known for participating in various television projects. In the Eurovision 2011, She wanted to participate under her polish name: Ewelina Saszenko.
Sašenko was born into Polish-Ukrainian family from the Vilnius Region. She is currently studying in the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre. Sašenko started her music career as a child. She is a prize winner of Dainų dainelė, the national Lithuanian children music festival. In 2009, she participated in the LTV opera contest "Triumfo arka" gaining fame and recognition. In the 2010 Lithuanian Eurovision national final Sašenko reached the 3rd place. A year later she won the national final. She finished in 19th place in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="30997577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997577" title="Always (Willie Nelson album)">
Always (Willie Nelson album)

The compilation album, Always, by Willie Nelson was one of the best-selling albums of 1980 and 1981 in Australia and New Zealand. In Australia, it peaked at No. 4 and in New Zealand at No. 7.

</doc>
<doc id="30997583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997583" title="Milton Terris">
Milton Terris

Milton Terris (1915–2002) was an American public health physician and epidemiologist. He graduated from Columbia University in 1935 and completed his MD at the NYU College of Medicine in 1939 and his MPH from Johns Hopkins University in 1944. He was associate professor of preventive medicine at the State University of New York at Buffalo from 1951 thru 1957, and was professor of epidemiology at Tulane University from 1958 thru 1960. He was head of the Chronic Disease Unit of the New York City Public Health Research Institute from 1960 thru 1963. In 1964 he became professor and chair of the department of preventive medicine at New York Medical College, serving in that role until his retirement in 1980.
He was president of the American Public Health Association from 1966 thru 1967. In 1980 he founded the Journal of Public Health Policy and served as its editor until his death in 2002. He joined with several other past presidents of APHA in 1980 to found the National Association for Public Health Policy and served as president of that organization until 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="30997611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997611" title="FK Poprad">
FK Poprad

FK Poprad is a Slovak football team, based in the town of Poprad. The club was founded in 2004.
Current squad.
"As of 9 February 2012"<br>

</doc>
<doc id="30997624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997624" title="Jiloca">
Jiloca

Jiloca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30997631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997631" title="2011–12 Süper Lig">
2011–12 Süper Lig

The 2011–12 Süper Lig (known as the "Spor Toto Süper Lig" for sponsorship reasons) was the 54th season of the Süper Lig, the top level football league of Turkey. Fenerbahçe were the defending champions. The start date of the league was due to be 7 August 2011, but due to the match fixing scandal in Turkey it began instead on 9 September 2011 and was concluded on 12 May 2012. Galatasaray won their 18th title. A new format was introduced this season, in which after the regular season two play-off groups were played to decide over the Champions League and Europa League starting rounds. Points of the regular season were halved for ranking in those.
Teams.
Bucaspor, Kasımpaşa and Konyaspor were relegated at the end of the 2010–11 season after finishing in the bottom three places of the standings.
The relegated teams were replaced by 2010–11 TFF First League champions Mersin İdman Yurdu, runners-up Samsunspor and Orduspor promotion play-off winners. Samsunspor returned to Süper Lig after 5 years of absence, and Mersin İdman Yurdu promoted to Turkey's top league after 28 years. Finally Orduspor returned to Süper Lig after 25 years of absence.
European play-offs.
2012–13 UEFA Europa League qualification play-off match.
Beşiktaş (the fourth-placed team of the Champions League group) and the winners of the Europa League group would play for a spot in the second qualifying round of the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League. But the match was cancelled as Bursaspor, the 2011–12 Turkish Cup finalists against Champions League-qualified Fenerbahçe, wins the Europa League group. Bursaspor lost the cup final, and as a result, they qualified for the Europa League second qualifying round, and Beşiktaş qualified for the Europa League third qualifying round. But on May 30, 2012; UEFA banned Beşiktaş one year from UEFA competitions, so UEFA Europa League spots shifted down. Bursaspor were also initially banned from entering the Europa League, but this was overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Top goalscorers.
"Including play-off matches 

</doc>
<doc id="30997642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997642" title="Baron Fitton of Gawsworth">
Baron Fitton of Gawsworth

Baron Fitton of Gawsworth was a Jacobite peerage created by James II in 1689 for his Lord Chancellor of Ireland, Alexander Fitton ( died 1698 ). Fitton took the title from Gawsworth Hall, the ancestral Fitton home in Cheshire. The title was not recognised by James' successors in England, but is recorded in the Irish Patent Roll .In any case the title would have been extinguished by Fitton's death without a male heir.

</doc>
<doc id="30997646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997646" title="Purl (disambiguation)">
Purl (disambiguation)

Purl is a drink.
Purl may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30997657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997657" title="Ernst David (soldier)">
Ernst David (soldier)

Ernst David (8 July 1920 – 11 August 1943) was a highly decorated Obergefreiter in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Ernst David was killed on 11 August 1943 in Samoshje, Russia. He was posthumously awarded the Knight's Cross on 16 August 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="30997663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997663" title="Robert Spottiswoode">
Robert Spottiswoode

Sir Robert Spottiswoode (Spottiswood, Spotiswood, Spotswood) (1596 - 20 January 1646) was Lord President of the Court of Session and member of the Privy Council to James I of England, and Lord President of the College of Justice and Secretary for Scotland, appointed by Charles I of England.
Life.
Sir Robert was the son of John Spottiswoode and his wife Rachel Lindsay, daughter of David Lindsay (d. 1613), Bishop of Ross.
Sir Robert was a man of great learning and merit. His wisdom and knowledge of the law came to the attention of King James VI of Scotland (James I of England), who appointed him Lord President of the Court of Session and a member of the Privy Council. He was later appointed Lord President of the College of Justice by Charles I of England.
Charles I, having erected the Bishopric of Edinburgh, pleaded with Sir Robert to part with his lands of New Abbey in 1634, which he gave as part of a patrimony to his new Bishopric. Though Sir Robert acceded to the wishes of the King, he was not paid for the lands. The estate of the Bishops was soon abrogated, however, and the King restored Sir Robert to his former rights, and gave back his title deeds in 1641. But Sir Robert was obnoxious to the prevailing faction, and was obliged to leave the Kingdom, so the estates continued in possession of the Crown.
In his role as Secretary of State for Scotland, after the victory of Kilsyth removed the last local Covenantor army, he carried the commission to the victorious Montrose for the summoning of a free Scottish parliament. When Montrose marched towards England Sir Robert was captured at the battle of Philiphaugh and after his surrender, tried and executed by his captors. He was beheaded using an early Scots execution machine called the maiden at St. Andrews.
Family.
Sir Robert married in 1629 Bertha Morrison, eldest daughter of Sir Alexander Morrison of Preston Grange, one of the Senators of the College of Justice, and wife Eleanor Maule. They had three sons:
Death.
Sir Robert was executed at St. Andrews for his loyalty to the Stuarts during the English Commonwealth on 20 January 1646.

</doc>
<doc id="30997685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997685" title="Francesca Braggiotti">
Francesca Braggiotti

Francesca Braggiotti (17 October 1902 – 25 February 1998) was an Italian dancer, actress and dubber.
Biography.
Francesca Braggiotti was born in Florence, her father was an Italian tenor, born in Smyrna; her mother was an American mezzo-soprano from Boston. Both her parents were converted to Buddhism; she was the second of eight brothers and sisters, all destined for success in the arts. 
She began her career as a dancer, forming the Braggiotti Sisters, a duo with her sister Berthe. The duo was an overwhelming success in Boston after World War I. Writer Alden Hatch wrote: "Two polyglot strikingly attractive and talented sisters, call Berthe and Francesca Braggiotti, were the biggest event of the Bostonian Society since Jack Gardner smoked a cigarette in public and built Fenway Court ". 
Francesca and her sister Berthe opened a dance studio above the barracks of the Brookline Fire Department. For a public performance sponsored by the exclusive Vincent Club, the Mayor was asked about the limits of public decency, as he had authorized their costumes for some artistic purposes, although too small to be admitted to a public beach. 
The poet Amy Lowell was so enchanted that she composed an ode in honor of Francesca. Isabella Stewart Gardner asked them to a private performance at Fenway Court. The dance school of Braggiotti Sisters, as well as being the most expensive and requested, first introduced dance Expressionist movement in Boston and a new vision of health and beauty. 
After the untimely death of her elder sister (1928) Francesca went to work in cinema and began dubbing in Italy. She starred in Rasputin and the Empress (1932), Little Women (1932), (1937), Stanotte alle undici (1937). 
She was the first Italian voice of Greta Garbo and talk the first bar dubbed in Italian film history: "Give me a cigarette!" in the movie Mata Hari by George Fitzmaurice. She also dubbed the Swedish actress in: Inspiration (Yvonne), Susan Lenox (Her Fall and Rise), Grand Hotel (Grusinskaya), As You Desire Me (Zadar / Countess Maria Varelli). 
Francesca married John Davis Lodge in 1929, and worked with him on the set of Stanotte alle undici. After her husband’s entry into politics, she withdrew from artistic life; he was a Republican politician, governor of Connecticut from 1951 to 1955 and diplomatic ambassador to Spain, Argentina and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="30997711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997711" title="2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Men's 3000 metre relay">
2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Men's 3000 metre relay

The Men's 3000 metre relay at the 2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships will begin on 25 February, and are scheduled to end on 27 February at the Forum Sport Center ice rink.
Results.
Top 2 Relays from each heat qualify for Semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="30997730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997730" title="Vice President of El Salvador">
Vice President of El Salvador

Vice President of El Salvador is a political position in El Salvador which is elected concurrently with the position of President of El Salvador. 
A list of the office holders follows. The list is not complete. 

</doc>
<doc id="30997734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997734" title="Jermaine Jackson (disambiguation)">
Jermaine Jackson (disambiguation)

Jermaine Jackson is an American music artist.
Jermaine Jackson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30997757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997757" title="Mouza Al Malki">
Mouza Al Malki

Mouza Al Malki or Moza al-Malki is a Qatari writer and psychologist. An assistant professor at the University of Qatar of Qatar and author of several books on Arab women and issues concerning children, in 2005 Mouza (or Moza) was among 1000 women nominated as a group for the Nobel Peace Prize by Ruth-Gaby Vermot-Mangold, a Swiss parliament member.

</doc>
<doc id="30997770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997770" title="Thomas A. Smith">
Thomas A. Smith

Thomas A. Smith is the founder and former president of Seismic Micro-Technology (SMT), an international provider of software systems for seismic interpretation in the oil and gas industry, incorporated in 1984. Shortly after, he launched the Kingdom seismic interpretation software. In 2007, Smith sold the majority of stock in the company to a group of investors, while retaining a position on the SMT’s Board of Directors. In 2009 he founded Geophysical Insights, a Houston firm engaged in research, development, and application of unsupervised neural networks for advanced seismic interpretation, among other advanced geophysical analysis methods and tools.
Smith received the Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in Geology at Iowa State University. His MS research was in shallow refraction investigation of the Manson astrobleme. In 1971 Smith joined Chevron Geophysical and worked as a geophysicist in seismic processing and software development until 1980. In 1981 Smith earned a Ph.D in geophysics from the University of Houston under Fred Hilterman. After receiving the degree, he launched a consulting and teaching practice in seismic interpretation, seismic acquisition and seismic processing through OGCI (now PetroSkills).
He has been a member of the Society of Exploration Geophysicists (SEG) since 1967 and currently serves on the SEG Foundation Board of Directors. The Geophysical Society of Houston (GSH) awarded him Honorary Membership in 2010 and the SEG awarded Smith the SEG Enterprise Award in 2000. Iowa State University awarded Smith the Citation of Merit for National and International Recognition in 2002 and Distinguished Alumnus Lecturer Award in 1996. He serves on the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Dean’s Advisory Board and the ISU Foundation Board of Governors. SMT received a GSH Corporate Star Award in 2005 and Smith continues to be active in several SEG committees. He is also an active member of the Houston Geologic Society, European Association of Geoscientists and Engineers, Society of Independent Professional Earth Scientists, American Association of Petroleum Geologists, Sigma Xi, The Scientific Research Society, Seismological Society of America and the American Geophysical Union.

</doc>
<doc id="30997792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997792" title="Keith Kelly (judge)">
Keith Kelly (judge)

Keith A. Kelly is a judge of the Utah Third District Court, in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA . Kelly was appointed to the bench by Utah Governor Gary Herbert in 2009.
Biography.
Kelly was born on August 4, 1958 in Blackford, Idaho, and attended Del Mar High School in San Jose, California where he was involved on the speech and debate team. 
Kelly attended college at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah. He received a bachelor’s degree in economics in 1981, graduating summa cum laude. In 1982 he graduated with his master’s degree, also in economics. He later received a Jurist Doctorate’s degree from Stanford Law in 1985. 
Prior to his judicial appointment, Kelly served as a clerk to Monroe G. McKay, in Utah’s Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals for one year. Following his clerkship, he began his career as a civil litigator, with the Salt Lake City law firm, Ray Quinney and Nebeker.
Kelly's law practice on litigation matters involving, corporate, commercial, intellectual property and real estate issues. He also provided representation to various hospitals, doctors, and other health care providers. During his legal career, Kelly served on the Utah Supreme Court Advising Committee on the Rules of Evidence for many years and was elected president of the Young Lawyers Discussion of the Utah State Bar in 1992. 
Kelly was appointed as a Third District Court Judge, to serve Salt Lake County, Summit County, and Tooele Counties in November 2009, by Governor Gary Herbert. He was one of five candidates chosen to fill the position of Sheila McCleve. Gary Herbert told the media, "Keith has an impressive breadth and depth of experience that will serve the state of Utah well. Keith’s knowledge, thoughtfulness and familiarity with the law will make him a fine jurist".

</doc>
<doc id="30997834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997834" title="Jurčević">
Jurčević

Jurčević is a common Croatian surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30997835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997835" title="Whammy Douglas">
Whammy Douglas

Charles William "Whammy" Douglas (born February 17, 1935, at Carrboro, North Carolina) is a retired American professional baseball player. The right-handed pitcher stood tall and weighed during his active career. According to multiple sources, Douglas was able to forge a professional baseball career despite being blind in one eye.
Although Douglas only played part of one season in Major League Baseball out of his ten-year pro career, he had a measure of success for the 1957 Pittsburgh Pirates, appearing in 11 games (eight as a starting pitcher), and posting a respectable 3.26 earned run average. He also was part of a major trade between the Pirates and the Cincinnati Reds in January 1959. Douglas was sent to Cincinnati in a package of players headlined by Pittsburgh slugger Frank Thomas. In return, the Bucs received Smoky Burgess, Harvey Haddix and Don Hoak — and that trio would play integral roles in the Pirates' 1960 world championship season.
Douglas never appeared in an MLB game for the Reds. His minor league record of 82–57 (compiled from 1953–1961; 1965) included a stellar season with the 1954 Brunswick Pirates of the Class D Georgia-Florida League, in which he won 27 games, lost only six and posted a 2.06 ERA.

</doc>
<doc id="30997838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997838" title="Adamsville, Hillsborough County, Florida">
Adamsville, Hillsborough County, Florida

Adamsville is a rural, unincorporated community located in southeastern Hillsborough County, Florida. The community is served by a 33534 ZIP Code. Although a separate community, it is a part of the census-designated place (CDP) of Gibsonton.
Geography.
Adamsville is located at 27.8147489 North, 82.383982 West, or about 2.7 miles south of Gibsonton. The elevation of the community is three feet above sea level.
Education.
The community of Adamsville is served by Hillsborough County Schools, which serves the entire county.

</doc>
<doc id="30997853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997853" title="Arab Writers Union">
Arab Writers Union

The Arab Writers Union is an association of Arab writers. The Union is currently based in Cairo where it moved in 2008. On 27 January 1995, following Syrian pressure, it was announced in Damascus that the Arab Writers Union had expelled the Syrian poet Adunis.

</doc>
<doc id="30997855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997855" title="Kienthal Conference">
Kienthal Conference

The Kienthal Conference (also known as the Second Zimmerwald Conference) was held from April 24 to 30, 1916. Like its 1915 predecessor in Zimmerwald, it was an international conference of socialists who opposed the First World War.
Background.
The conference had been called by an Enlarged Session of the International Socialist Commission in February 1916. The reasons for a second conference included the opposition that the International Socialist Bureau was putting up against the Zimmerwald movement, the opposition of the bourgeois nationalists and the "gradually maturing plans for peace".
Delegates.
The following delegates participated in the conference:
International.
A number of delegates named by groups in Great Britain, the Netherlands, Austria, Bulgaria, Romania, Sweden, Norway and by the General Jewish Labour Bund in Lithuania, Poland and Russia were unable to attend. Additionally, the Revolutionary Socialist League of the Netherlands had transferred its mandate to Radek and the Social-Democracy of the Lettish Territory had transferred its mandate to Zinoviev. A Lithuanian group around the magazine "Social-Democratas" in London tried to affiliate with the Zimmerwald Left and authorized Jan Berzin to sign a draft manifesto of left wing delegates for them, but he had already transferred his mandate to Zinoviev and their vote was "lost". A member of the Independent Labour Party was present as a "guest".
The Conference opens.
The delegates met at the small Swiss village of Kienthal at the foot of the Blumlis Alps from April 24 to 30, 1916. Portuguese delegate Edmondo Peluso gave a very detailed account:
The spacious dining room of the Hotel Baren was transformed into conference chamber. The presidents chair was in the center and, as behooved an international conference, the Presidium consisted of a German, a Frenchmen, an Italian and a Serb. Two tables for the delegates were placed on either side and perpendicularly to the presidents table. These the right and the left, exactly as in parliaments. The Italian delegation, being very numerous, took their seats at another table in front of the president. 
The conference began with a speech by Robert Grimm, chairman of the ISC, on the work of the Commission. In order to save time it was decided that oral reports would only be heard by delegates of Germany and France. Hoffman gave the first report, representing Germany. Brizons began his speech with the statement "Comrades, though I am an internationalist, I am still a Frenchman...I will not utter one word, nor will I make any gesture which might injure France, France, the land of the Revolution" He then turned to Hoffman and told him to inform Kaiser Wilhelm that France would gladly exchange Madagascar for the return of Alsace-Lorraine. Brizons speech lasted several hours, was interrupted by him drinking coffee and eating and included at least two attempts to physically assault him. Finally, he declared that he would vote against all war credits - which brought forth a great applause - and then added "but only once hostile troops leave France" which resulted in the second of the aforementioned assault attempts. He then offered a text of a draft manifesto that included, among other things, all of the criticisms that were being made against him and the French opportunists. None of the controversy around Brizons speech was reported in the official proceedings of the conference, but is recorded in the memoirs of Guilbeaux.
Documents.
Unlike the first conference, the manifesto did not engender much controversy and the text presented by Brizon as modified by a Commission was accepted unanimously. The manifesto stated that the war was caused by imperialism and militarism and would only end when all countries abolished their own militarism. While repeating the Zimmerwald Conferences condemnation of bourgeois governments, parties and press, it also criticized the social patriots and bourgeois pacifists and stated categorically that the only way wars would end was if the working class took power and abolished private property.
International Socialist Bureau.
The major debate revolved around resolutions on the proletarian "peace policy" and the attitude toward the International Socialist Bureau, particularly in the event of its reconvening. With respect to the latter, three opinions emerged at the beginning of debate: the view of the Zimmerwald Left that the ISB was entirely discredited and focus should be on laying the groundwork for a Third International, though they did not rule out the possibility of attending the ISB in order to "tear the masks from their social chauvinist faces"; the view of some, like Pavel Axelrod, who wished for the Zimmerwaldists to try and win over more of the elements within the ISB, and therefore did not advocate calling a meeting of the Bureau, but did not rule out participation; and a tendency represented by the Italians that claimed the ISB could be "conquered" if reconvened with the participation of South African, Japanese, Australian and even Indian delegates, and therefore advocated calling a meeting of the Bureau.
A commission was elected to try to settle the issue. The commission consisted of Pavel Axelrod, Adolf Hoffman, Constantino Lazzari, Lenin, Charles Naine, Adolf Warski and an unnamed "German of the "Internationale" group". Two drafts came out of this commission. The majority endorsed by Axelrod, Hoffmann, Lazzari, and Naine called for the meeting of the ISB so that a new Executive Committee could be elected from socialists of the neutral countries; that all sections of the International expel members who entered into cabinets of belligerent countries; that all parliamentary representatives of sections of the International vote against war credits; civil peace be broken and class struggle resumed; and all sections should use "all means" to hasten a peace without annexations or indemnities on the basis of national self-determination.
After debate in the conference a vote was taken: 10 votes for the majority report of the commission; 12 for the minority report of the Zimmerwald Left; a new draft introduced by Lapinski, 15; another draft by Hoffman favoring calling the Bureau, 2; a draft by Serrati "approximately the same as the majority report" 10; and a draft by Zinoviev, 19. After this poll the resolutions were handed back to the commission, which now included Zinoviev and Nobs. This commission hammered out a compromise based on Lapinkis draft. Zinoviev called it the "Lapinski-Zinoviev-Modigliani draft...with amendments" and noted that the Italians gave an ultimatum reserving individual parties the right to call for a session of the Bureau. Though the official report claimed that the vote in favor of this resolution was unanimous, Zinoviev claimed in his report that Axelrod abstained and Dugoni voted against.
The final document condemned the Executive Committee of the ISB for not carrying out the resolutions of past Socialist Congresses; not calling a session of the Bureau despite demands for it from various parties; having the Chairman of the ISB (Emile Vandervelde) serve in a belligerent cabinet, thus making the ISB a tool of an "imperialist coalition"; its amicable relations with "social patriotic" parties and opposition to the Zimmerwald movement. The resolution did note, however, that under the pressure of the "growing indignation of the masses" the Executive Committee was examining the possibility of holding a session of the ISB. A session called under these circumstances, however, might be made to serve the interest of either or both imperialist coalition. Therefore the resolution demanded the Zimmerwald parties to "watch carefully all the activities of the Executive Committee of the International Socialist Bureau". The resolution further stated that the International could recover its political power only if it liberated itself from imperialist and chauvinist influences and resumed class struggle and mass action. If a plenum of the ISB should be called those Zimmerwaldist parties participating had to use the opportunity to expose the real intentions of the social patriots, while reaffirming the fundamental principles of the International. Two annexes provided for a meeting of the Enlarged Committee of the ISC should a plenary session of the ISB be called, to discuss joint action by the Zimmerwaldists. A second reaffirmed each individual parties right to call a session of the ISB on its own volition.
Peace Policy.
There is some disagreement on the number of draft resolutions for a peace policy initially presented to the conference. The conferences official report states that three resolutions were presented: those of Robert Grimm, of the Zimmerwald Left and the German "Internationale" group. However, another source states that the third draft was one drafted by Lenin and the Central Committee of the RSDLP, and that there was a heated disagreement between Bolsheviks and other members of the Zimmerwald Left over the conception of national self-determination, as well as disarmament and the "arming of the people". In any event the "Left Zimmerwald" draft was endorsed by Lenin, Zinoviev and Armand on behalf of the Central Committee of the RSDLP, as well as Radek, Bronski and Dobrowski of Poland, "one delegate from town X" of the German Opposition, Platten, Nobs, Robmann, Kaclerovic, and Serrati. The Zimmerwald Left draft stated that imperialist rivalry was the cause of the war and that plans developed by the opportunists and "social pacifists" such as a United States of Europe, disarmament, compulsory courts of arbitration etc. only deceived the masses because they gave the illusion of a "capitalism without war". The revolutionary struggle would arise out of the misery of the masses and the unification of a number of struggles - such as abolishing imperialist debts, unemployed movements, republicanism, repudiating annexations, liberating colonies and "abolishing state boundaries" - into a single struggle for political power, socialism and the "unification of socialist peoples." The peace program of social democracy was for the proletariat to turn their weapons on their common enemy - the capitalist governments.
The German "Internationle" groups draft, which also dealt with the ISB question, likewise blamed the war on imperialism and listed the various ways the war had immersirated the German proletariat. It set out a program of practical action against the war and the pro-war socialist parties that included refusal to vote for war credits, war tax resistance and the utilization of every organizational and parliamentary opportunity to harass and criticize the pro-war majority socialists and government in order to arouse the masses to action. It also encouraged particular attention toward propaganda among women, youth and the unemployed, who were particularly affected or radicalized by the war. The draft resolution also took a very firm line against the official party and unions, urging a clear socialist reformation from below to restore the party to its original principles and the party bureaucracy replaced by functionaries responsible to the membership. Every "crisis" or dislocation caused by the war was to be used to develop class conscientiousness and a revolutionary situation.
While the delegates were in broad agreement on the causes of the war, the fact that the proletariat must take an active role in struggle against war and for peace, and condemnation of "bourgeois" peace schemes, there was disagreement on what exact measures the working class should take to end the war. They also agreed that the resolution should be more detailed in its reasons for taking its position, so as not to allow false interpretations. When the question was sent to a commission, there was further debate on the merits of such reforms as international arbitration and disarmament. While all agreed that these reforms could not abolish imperialist-rooted war, others felt they might have some use as ameliorative measures. When these measures could not be resolved in commission they were sent back to the conference plenum. However, the plenum never got around to discussing the issue and when the time came to vote on a peace declaration a number of different declarations were submitted. Because there was fundamental agreement on most issue and the delegates felt an exhaustive debate over every detail was unnecessary a resolution based on the Grimm draft was then unanimously adopted. The commission also received a lengthy and ponderous draft manifesto submitted by Axelrod, Martov and Lapinski on behalf of the Mensheviks and the Polish Socialist Party - Left which mostly dealt with post-war plans for supra-national government schemes and why bourgeois attempts would continue the regime of imperialism while a "complete economic and political unification of all civilized nations" should be the chief tasks of socialists once the proletariat had taken power and abolished private property.
The resolution finally adopted stated categorically that the war was a consequence of bourgeois property relations which had produced a series of imperialist antagonisms. The war would not end the capitalist economy or imperialism so therefore it would not do away with the causes of future wars. Schemes such as courts of international arbitration, disarmament and the democratization of foreign policy could not end wars, as long as the capitalist system existed. ""The struggle for lasting peace can, therefore, be only a struggle for the realization of socialism"" (emphasis in the original). On the basis of the Stuttgart, Copenhagen and Basel resolutions the delegates declared that it is a vital commandment to raise a call for an immediate truce and peace negotiations. The workers would succeed in hastening the end of the war and influencing the nature of the peace only to the extent that this call finds a response within the international proletariat and led them to "forceful action directed toward overthrowing the capitalist class." The proletariat also must struggle against annexations and attempts to create "pseudo-independent states" on the "pretext of liberating oppressed peoples". Socialists did not oppose annexations in order to return to the pre-1914 borders but because "...socialism strives to eliminate all national oppression by means of an economic and political unification of the peoples on a democratic basis, something which cannot be realized within the limits of capitalist states." So long as socialism has not achieved this, the proletariat's duty was still to oppose national oppression, attacks on weaker states, war indemnities, support the protection of minorities, and the autonomy of peoples on a "basis of real democracy". Finally, socialists should take advantage of mass movements originating in the dislocations of the war, such as unemployed movements and protest against the high cost of living and unite them into one international struggle for socialism.
Declaration of Sympathy.
As at Zimmerwald, the Kienthal conference passed a resolution of sympathy for its "persecuted" comrades. It stated that there have been repressions in Russia, Germany, France, England and even neutral Switzerland and that these repression belie the stated objectives of a "war for liberation" and that these were inspiring examples of revolutionaries who fought social patriotism as much as the policy of their governments. The resolution particularly condemned the persecution of the Jews in Russia and greeted the French and German women who were being released from captivity. It urged the affiliated organization to follow the example of the persecuted comrades to continue to stir up discontent and hasten the overthrow of capitalism.
The Commission.
Interspersed within the debates, the ISC presented a financial statement to the conference.
Expenses.
The Commission reminded the conference that they received no compensation, even for translation services.

</doc>
<doc id="30997872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997872" title="Jiloca (comarca)">
Jiloca (comarca)

Jiloca Comarca is a comarca in Aragon, Spain. It is located in Teruel Province, in the mountainous Iberian System area.
Its capital is Calamocha and it was formerly known as "Comarca de Calamocha".
The Jiloca River gives its name to this wine-producing comarca. The main mountain ranges in the area are Sierra Palomera, Sierra de Cucalón, Sierra Menera and Sierra de Santa Cruz-Valdelacasa.
Municipalities.
Allueva, Bádenas, Báguena, Bañón, Barrachina, Bea, Bello, Blancas, Bueña, Burbáguena, Calamocha, Caminreal, Castejón de Tornos, Cosa, Cucalón, Ferreruela de Huerva, Fonfría, Fuentes Claras, Lagueruela, Lanzuela, Loscos, Monforte de Moyuela, Monreal del Campo, Nogueras, Odón, Ojos Negros, Peracense, Pozuel del Campo, Rubielos de la Cérida, San Martín del Río, Santa Cruz de Nogueras, Singra, Tornos, Torralba de los Sisones, Torrecilla del Rebollar, Torre los Negros, Torrijo del Campo, Villafranca del Campo, Villahermosa del Campo, Villar del Salz

</doc>
<doc id="30997886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997886" title="Herb Jackson (baseball)">
Herb Jackson (baseball)

Herbert Benjamin Jackson (September 24, 1883 - March 18, 1922) was a right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Detroit Tigers in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="30997891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997891" title="Dingoo A320 SDK">
Dingoo A320 SDK

The Dingoo SDK is a software development kit for the Dingoo A320 video game console and other compatible devices, such as the Gemei x760+ and Dingoo Technology A330.
History.
Dingoo SDK was originally developed by Ben Brewer (aka flatmush) and first released publicly as a set of source files containing wrappers implementing basic libc functionality along with samples on how to use them.
The project grew with many people making contributions to the SDK and to the Dingoo scene in general until March 10, 2010 when the project was moved to googlecode and an official source tree was begun.
Projects.
Several projects have been developed using the SDK:
Licensing.
Dingoo SDK is released under the GNU LGPL, a permissive free software licence, and is free software.

</doc>
<doc id="30997900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997900" title="Glen Falls, West Virginia">
Glen Falls, West Virginia

Glen Falls is an unincorporated community in Harrison County, West Virginia, United States. Glen Falls is located on the West Fork River north of Clarksburg.
A significant part of Glen Falls was once a coal camp which was built around 1880. Glen Falls is largely residential and is essentially a bedroom community for Clarksburg. The area is provided with water service by the Clarksburg Water Board. Glen Falls is the home of the Glen Falls Baptist Church, which was founded in 1901. Glen Falls has had two schools, both of which have been closed and demolished. There was once a train station by the West Fork River in the early 1900s. It housed different stores and even a doctor's office. The superintendent's house from the coal camp is still standing, as are some of the tenants' houses.

</doc>
<doc id="30997921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997921" title="MFK Topvar Topoľčany">
MFK Topvar Topoľčany

MFK Topvar Topoľčany is a Slovak football team, based in the town of Topoľčany. The club was founded in 1912.
Current squad.
"As of 3 September 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="30997935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997935" title="ELong">
ELong

eLong () is a mainland China-focused travel agency, which runs the eponymous eLong.com and eLong.net travel website.

</doc>
<doc id="30997948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997948" title="East of the Mediterranean">
East of the Mediterranean

East of the Mediterranean or Sharq al-Mutawassit is a 1975 novel by Saudi Arabian writer Abdul Rahman Munif.
The novel deals with powerful themes of freedom, based around the central hero Rajab Ismail who is subject to eleven years of extreme torture and is eventually made blind during the horrific ordeal. The novel marked the beginning of Munif's exploration of the Arabic wilderness in his novels with Munif's venture into the desert.

</doc>
<doc id="30997964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997964" title="Conolly Norman">
Conolly Norman

Conolly Norman (12 March 1853– February 1908) was an Irish alienist, or psychiatrist, of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. He was the Resident Medical Superintendent of a number of district asylums, most notably Ireland's largest asylum, the Richmond District Lunatic Asylum, now known as St. Brendan's Hospital.
Early life.
Norman was born on 12 March 1853 at All Saints' Glebe, Newtown Cunningham, County Donegal, Ireland. The fifth child of six boys, his father, Hugh Norman, was the rector of All Saints' and later of Barnhill. His family were prominent and politically active in Derry with several members serving as mayor of Derry. Two members of his family were also elected to parliament.
Medical education.
Educated at home due to his fragile health as a child, at the age of seventeen Norman began his medical studies at Trinity College, Dublin, the Carmichael Medical School, and the Richmond Surgical Hospital, gaining a M.D.. In 1874 he became a licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons, a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1878 and a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1890.
Early career.
After he graduated in 1874, Norman immediately took up a post as an assistant medical officer in the Monaghan District Lunatic Asylum. He remained in that post until 1880 when he joined the staff of the Bethlem Royal Hospital in London where he worked under the prominent English alienist Sir George Savage. Returning to Ireland in 1882 he was appointed the Resident Medical Superintendent of Castlebar District Lunatic Asylum in Co. Mayo. He remained there until 1885 when he was appointed Resident Medical Superintendent of the Monaghan Asylum. In 1886 he was appointed by the Lord Lieutenant as Resident Medical Superintendent to Ireland's largest asylum, the Richmond District Lunatic Asylum. He would remain in this last post until his death in 1908 at the age of fifty-five.
Richmond District Lunatic Asylum.
While the Richmond asylum prior to Norman's arrival has been described as primitive and prisonlike this is perhaps to overlook the international praise that his predecessor, John Lalor had received, particularly in regard to his educational initiatives in establishing a national school for the patients in the grounds of the hospital. In any case, by 1904, Connolly could assert like a growing number of reforming alienists, that Emil Kraepelin's dementia praecox (a concept intimately linked with schizophrenia) was not incurable.

</doc>
<doc id="30997969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997969" title="2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Women's 3000 metre relay">
2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Women's 3000 metre relay

The Women's 3000 metre relay at the 2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships will begin on 25 February, and are scheduled to end on 27 February at the Forum Sport Center ice rink.
Results.
Top 2 Relays from each heat and the next 2 fastest thirds qualify for Semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="30997981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997981" title="Dawmont, West Virginia">
Dawmont, West Virginia

Dawmont is an unincorporated community in Harrison County, West Virginia, United States. Dawmont is north of Clarksburg. Former National Football League player and University of Pittsburgh football coach Foge Fazio was born in Dawmont.

</doc>
<doc id="30997990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30997990" title="Introduction and Allegro (Ravel)">
Introduction and Allegro (Ravel)

Introduction and Allegro for Harp, Flute, Clarinet and String Quartet (French: "Introduction et allegro pour harpe, flûte, clarinette et quatuor") was written by Maurice Ravel in 1905. It premiered on 22 February 1907 in Paris.
Background.
To show off its new chromatic harp, the Pleyel company commissioned Claude Debussy in 1904 to write his "Danse sacrée et danse profane" for harp and orchestra. The Érard company responded by commissioning Maurice Ravel to write a piece to display the expressive range of its double-action pedal harp. Ravel completed his "Introduction and Allegro" for a septet of harp, flute, clarinet and string quartet in June 1905, dedicating it to Albert Blondel, director of Maison Érard. He wrote it at breakneck speed, as he had to complete it before embarking on a boating holiday with friends.
Description.
It is written in the key of G-flat major and it is the first piece to explore and exploit the full resources of the solo instrument. It is sometimes described as a miniature concerto, but it is more usually classified as a genuine chamber music work.
The "Introduction and Allegro" has two movements, played without a break. The Introduction, "Très lent", takes only 26 bars. The Allegro in a modified sonata form begins with the solo harp expanding the material presented before. The woodwinds expose a second theme, accompanied by pizzicato. After a fff climax in the development, a harp cadenza leads to a "straightforward" recapitulation and a close "without extensive fireworks or bombast of any kind". The work takes about 11 minutes to perform.
Premieres.
The premiere took place on 22 February 1907 at the Circle Music Hall of the French Photographic Society in Paris, featuring Micheline Kahn (harp), Philippe Gaubert (flute), M. Pichard (clarinet), and the Quartet Firmin Touche, all under the direction of Charles Domergue.
It was premiered in the United States by a group including the harpist Carlos Salzedo. Salzedo's then-wife Lucile Lawrence, also a harpist, was personally instructed by Ravel in the performance of the work.
Recordings.
The "Introduction and Allegro" was the very first of the small number of his own works that Ravel recorded (1923; Gwendolen Mason, harp; Robert Murchie, flute; Haydn P. Draper, clarinet); and it was often performed at his concerts. Yet he omitted it from the catalogue of his works, made no mention of it in his autobiography, and referred to it in only two of his letters. In one of these letters, to Désiré-Émile Inghelbrecht on 26 February 1911, Ravel sanctioned the work being arranged for larger forces. In 1906 he himself had written a version for two pianos.
Later recordings include:
The work was also performed on television, on the Dec. 23, 1963 edition of Leonard Bernstein's "Young People's Concerts". 

</doc>
<doc id="30998010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998010" title="Jasbir Puar">
Jasbir Puar

Jasbir K. Puar is a US-based queer theorist, presently a core faculty member in the department of Women's & Gender Studies at Rutgers University. Puar is author of "Terrorist Assemblages: Homonationalism in Queer Times".
Academic career.
Puar has an M.A. in Women's Studies from the University of York, and completed her Ph.D. in Ethnic Studies at University of California at Berkeley in 1999.
Writings and views.
"Queer Times, Queer Assemblages" (2005).
In this essay, published in 2005, Puar analyzes the War on Terror as an assemblage of racism, nationalism, patriotism, and terrorism, suggesting that it is "already profoundly queer." Her focus is on terrorist corporealities in opposition to "normative patriot bodies," and she argues that "discourses of counterterrorism are intrinsically gendered, raced, sexualized, and nationalized." Through an analysis of the American response to the Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse in 2004, she contends that contemporary discourses of Muslim sexuality only mask and reproduce an underlying belief in American exceptionalism. She also rearticulates the body of the suicide bomber as "a queer assemblage that resists queerness-as-sexual-identity," a force with the power to converge, implode, and rearrange time, space, and body. Finally, Puar focuses on the archetypal Sikh terrorist, turban and all, in order to posit that her examination of queerness as an assemblage calls attention to "epistemology in tandem with ontology."
Puar critiques the deployment of homonationalism in the United States as a justification for violently implementing the doctrine of American exceptionalism embodied in the War on Terror. The United States flaunts its supposedly liberal openness to homosexuality to secure its identity in contradistinction to sexual oppression in Muslim countries. This oppression serves as an excuse for the United States to “liberate” oppressed women and sexual deviants in these countries, simultaneously papering over sexual inequality in the United States. United States exceptionalism and homonationalism are mutually constitutive, blending discourses of American Manifest Destiny, racist foreign policy, and an urge to document the unknown (embodied in the terrorist) and conquer it through queering its identity, hence rendering it manageable and knowable.
"Terrorist Assemblages: Homonationalism in Queer Times" (2007).
Puar's "Terrorist Assemblages: Homonationalism in Queer Times", published in October 2007, describes connections between contemporary "gay rights" discourse, the integration of gay people into consumerism, the ascendance of "whiteness", and Western imperialism and the war on terrorism. Puar argues that traditional heteronormative ideologies now find accompaniment from "homonormative" ideologies replicating the same hierarchical ideals concerning maintenance of dominance in terms related to race, class, gender, and nation-state, a set of ideologies she deems "homonationalism".
Writings by Puar have also appeared in The Guardian. In a July 2010 column titled "Israel's gay propaganda war", Puar argues that Israel makes use of a public relations strategy described as "pinkwashing", equating Israel's internal policies toward gay people with modernity, progressive democracy, and tolerance, as an attempt to divert due attention from campaigns of aggression against Palestinians.

</doc>
<doc id="30998026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998026" title="Jackie Lane">
Jackie Lane

Jackie Lane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30998040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998040" title="Tunis Afrique Presse">
Tunis Afrique Presse

Tunis Afrique Presse (TAP) () is a Tunisian press agency.
History and profile.
The agency, based in Tunis, was founded on 1 January 1961. With a corps of 300 agents, including photographers, researchers and 220 journalists, and a network of correspondents covering all regions of the country, the agency reports on national news in Arabic, French, and English.
For international news, the agency uses AFP, Reuters, and the Associated Press, as well as about forty national agencies. Globally, the agency produces an average of 250 dispatches each day. The agency also has a photography department, which produces around 20 images daily, and has an archive of more than 500,000 photos dating back to the 1930s. 
General managers.
Hédi Annabi was the general manager of agency between 1979 to 1981. Néjib Ouerghi was appointed head of the agency on 12 May 2010, replacing Mohamed Missaoui in the post. He had previously spent his entire career at the daily "La Presse de Tunisie", before becoming editor-in-chief of "Le Renouveau" until he joined TAP. Taieb Yousfi became the head of the angency on 7 January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30998060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998060" title="Erich Dienenthal">
Erich Dienenthal

Erich Dienenthal (17 December 1915 – 26 July 1990) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="30998061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998061" title="Ismail Fahd Ismail">
Ismail Fahd Ismail

Ismail Fahd Ismail or Ismāʿīl Fahd Ismāʿīl (born 1940) is a Kuwaiti novelist, short-story writer, and literary critic. He is acclaimed as the finest and most prolific writer in the history of Kuwait, with over twenty novels and numerous short story collections and publications.

</doc>
<doc id="30998110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998110" title="Rakt Sambandh">
Rakt Sambandh

Rakt Sambandh (Hindi: रक्त सम्बन्ध, English: "Blood Relations") is a multi-star cast thriller show. "Rakt Sambandh" aired on Monday 19 July 2010 on NDTV Imagine. A visually impaired young woman with the help of four supportive elder sisters and a loving father has overcome her difficulties to lead a normal life. But life takes a different turn, when she finds her father dead under mysterious circumstances on her wedding day. With the affection showered by her husband Yuvraj and his family, Sandhya begins to smile again… but not for too long. Unknown to her, Sandhya’s new family have a deep, dark secret… How will she react when she discovers the truth about her husband?
Plot.
Wedding.
The drama begins with Sandhya's wedding. She is the youngest of Shamrao Savratkar's five daughters. Shamrao is a teacher in a government school. His daughters are introduced along with their husbands. Sandhya gets married to Yuvraj Jagirdar, who belongs to a very rich family from Gwalior. Sandhya is blind — she lost her eyesight as well as her mother in an accident when she was just four years old. At the end of the wedding, everyone is waiting for Shamrao to give his blessings to the newlyweds. It comes as a shock that Shamrao Savratkar has committed suicide by hanging himself!
Shamrao Savratkar's 12th day death rituals are being performed. Nobody believes that there could be any reason so strong for Shamrao Savratkar to commit suicide and that, too, on his daughter's wedding day. But one has to move on so all five sisters and their families decide to leave for their respective homes. Inspector Bhonsle, who is in charge of this suicide case, shocks everyone by telling them that Shamrao did not commit suicide: He was murdered. The handwriting of the suicide note didn't match Shamrao's; it was from Maruti Kamble who was at the marriage hall. Inspector shows his photo to all the people and asks whether they knew him. No one recognizes him, except Mohan, Shamrao's fourth daughter Shreya's husband. Mohan, even though denies in front of the police, clearly knows the man and even tries calling him.
Mohan goes to the cameraman who recorded the wedding. He says to him delete all scenes where he is found with a particular guy. Little does he know that the cameraman has a deal with Inspector Bhonsole. The deal is that not to tell anyone that he has an unedited footage.
Sandhya is trying to put her pain aside for the sake of everyone else as they're trying hard to make her feel comfortable. Neeraj is introduced, son of Ramesh Pradhan, who was Jagirdar's loyal accountant. When Neeraj was seven years old he lost his parents in a car accident and since then the Jagirdars have brought him up as their own son. Coincidentally, Neeraj had seen Sandhya once in Kolhapur when she was on tour with her father at Shraddha's place and fell in love at first sight. He had even taken her photographs but couldn't find her ever later. He is shocked to learn that Sandhya is Yuvraj's wife.
Neeraj is trying to cover up his shock of seeing Sandhya as Yuvraj's wife. All the family members notice a change in Neeraj because he is known to be a jolly person. He decides to get over his love for Sandhya and is convinced that she is happy with Yuvraj. He deletes all her photos from his laptop so as to not create any misunderstanding. Meanwhile Mohan, with his friend, is able to trace Maruti Kamble on his phone and find out where he has been staying since Shamrao's murder. Maruti tells them that he didn't do anything, but someone had asked him to write the suicide note and in return had promised him money. But when he found out that Shamrao was killed, the same people had asked him to stay away and made him stay in a lodge so that no one gets in touch with him. Mohan and his friend go straight to Inspector Bhonsle and inform him about Maruti Kamble and the lodge he is staying. All of them go to the lodge but find Maruti Kamble dead, hanging from a tree.
Rohit gives some papers to Shradha saying he should get her father's house in his name. Later by mistake Sandhya enters the storeroom where she bumps into a woman tied on a chair. Sandhya tries to speak to the women, but she can't. Just then DK comes into the room and says that there is no one in the room; he was lying. The Jagirdars convince Sandhya that there is no one in the room. Even Neeraj accepts the situation that it's his fate that Sandhya has married Yuvraj and he should not think about her anymore. At the party, Sunita, DK's wife is introduced and she turns out to be the same woman who was tied up in the storeroom. She acts very normal in the party. When Sandhya holds her hand, she recognizes the touch and is sure that it is the same woman who was tied in the storeroom. Sunita is shocked because she had thought that Sandhya would never be able to recognize her. Sunita leaves and Sandhya is left puzzled.
Yuvraj gets angry at Sandhya for the first time on the issue of Sunita. Sandhya apologetically promises to Yuvraj that she won't bring up that woman's topic again. Sandhya apologises to Sunita as well. Sunita comes to know that Sandhya's father had died on the wedding day. She asks DK if that is true. DK confirms this and says that it's all because of her, because of her madness. She is the one responsible for all this and that whole family is somehow trying to come out of it all. He warns her to stay away Sandhya so that she does not find out the truth.
The mysteries unfold.
Mohan convinces the police that he didn't write the suicide note, and it was Maruti Kamble who did that. He also tells the same to Shreya as well. Shreya tells him that she has complete faith on him. DK asks Sunita how did Sandhya recognize her even though she is blind. Sunita replies that she recognized her by touching her bracelet. He then tells her to keep her mouth shut and do not tell anything to Sandhya. Sunita finds out from Sandhya that her father died on her wedding day, and it was probably a murder. She then gets suspicious and asks DK about the matter. He tells her that she herself is responsible for it. He tells her how Sandhya's Baba heard them all talking when Sunita was trying to reveal everything to him. He tells her to keep her mouth shut if she wants to stay alive.
Puru asks Neeraj to shift in the room next to Sandhya for her convenience. From the backdoor Sunita goes to meet some old people when DK catch her on the way and he as usual threatens her. Sunita hears Pankaj giving a bundle of money to Sarla which she keeps in the cupboard. She then finds the right time and steals the money. Sandhya feels it but, before she could do anythin,g Sunichachi takes them all and leaves. Everyone is tense over the money fiasco. Sandhya doesn't take Sunita's name. Later, when she encounters Sunita alone, she asks her about the money. Sunita reveals that she has stolen the money for her parents. Sandhya goes in the temple with Yuvraj where Dr Pushpa Nigam sees them and is shocked to see him married. Jayesh goes to meet a woman in the slum area. Yuvraj sees Dr Pushpa Nigam in the temple; he gets tense and rushes home. He is then starts getting severe attacks as now his truth will come out. Dr Pushpa comes to meet the Jagirdar family. She encounters Sandhya and is surprised by her sensing ability. Prabha calls Pushpa in her room. Dr Pushpa reveals that Yuvraj is 'eunuch' and the need to lie to Sandhya. Everyone says her that they don't want her permission to handle their personal matters.
Yuvraj's secret is out.
Prabha tells Pushpa that she will do anything for her son's happiness. Sharadha comes to visit Savita's house when she gets a call from Rohit. He asks her whether she has taken her sisters' signatures on the papers or no. Shraddha replies him that neither she will sign the papers nor will her sisters. Later Puru goes to Neeraj's room and tells him that he has to sleep with Sandhya and say the child will be Yuvraj's. Yuvraj can not father a baby. Sandhya is blind so she won't know who it is and she will think it was Yuvraj. He is sent to Shimla where Yuvraj and Sandhya have gone for their honeymoon. It's night and Yuvraj calls Neeraj into the room where Sandhya is. But the plan goes in vain as Sandhya feels the presence of Neeraj. Neeraj gets upset as on what was he trying to do and later tells Yuvraj as well. Yuvraj reveals why he got married to Sandhya; he says that he came to know about Neeraj's feelings for Sandhya and he saw her photo in his room. He also tells him why he chose Sandhya to marry because that won't be a problem for Neeraj to come close to her as he loves her. Hearing all their preplanning Neeraj gets shattered and leaves the hotel. Savita meets Inspector Bhonsole and finds out that her father's murder case has been closed and that he has been shifted to a different department. The Jagirdars learn about Sandhya's ability to feel everyone's presence around her. DK suggests everyone how they will fool Sandhya so that she will start doubting her sensing abilities. All of them try ample times to fool her, and they succeed to some extent. Their plan goes in vain when Neeraj breaks his silence and reveals that everyone is fooling her, and she is perfect with her abilities.
Sandhya finds something weird.
Savita invites all the sisters to her house. The Jagirdars feel that Sandhya will tell her sisters the weird things going on with her, so they send Yuvraj with her. Neeraj gets threatened that if he tells Sandhya anything then he will get killed. Sandhya tries to tell Sakshi everything but can't. Sandhya is getting more and more suspicious. She puts her phone in Yuvraj's coat switched on so she can sit in her room and hear everything going on through the room phone. Yuvraj and Neeraj have an argument; Neeraj says that Yuvraaj is a eunuch and Sandhya hears this. Later Yuvraj finds Sandhya's phone switched on and finds out that she knows his secret. After that, she gets tortured every day. When DK and Yuvraj are drunk Sandhya finds out that the Jagirdars killed her Baba. DK then asks Yuvraj if he slept with Sandhya to give Yuvraj a child. He says yes. DK tries to rape her but Neeraj comes at the right time. Sandhya and Neeraj run away.
Sandhya escapes the trap ... or has she?
Sandhya's Baba's shradh day arrives. The sisters invite Sandhya to attend the shradh but, as Neeraj and Sandhya eloped, the Jagirdars unwillingly had to attend. Sandhya and Neeraj head for Mumbai. There she doesn't go inside Savita's house as the Jagirdars remain present for the shradh but prays for her Baba from outside. Yuvraj finds them and takes Sandhya with him. DK throws Neeraj off a cliff. Yuvraj and Sandhya are traveling in car on a hillside road. Sandhya finds out that they killed Neeraj. She grabs the steering wheel, and the car falls down the hill. Yuvraj jumps out, but Sandhya is still in the car. DK comes and they look in the car and find out that Sandhya's body is missing. Gayatri Devi was following Yuvraj. She goes to the burned car, gets Sandhya out, and takes her to the hospital.
The major transformation.
Sandhya gets her eyesight back and Gayatri Devi tells her she will help her get justice. She will go back in the Jagirdar house and get revenge but as blind Sandhya. Pankaj sees Vrinda in a village but not as a tapori girl. Pankaj tells the others. They find Vrinda in the hut and tell her they need her help as Yuvraj is in jail for Sandhya's murder. She agrees to help them for a large sum of money, they agree. Yuvraj is out of jail. A few days later, Sandhya's sisters come to visit. They say if you are his real daughter then swear on his life and say whether you were there on the shradh day she says yes. They conclude that she is fake, because she wasn't there (she was but they couldn't see her). After some time her sisters accepted her and she became happy. She meets Neiraj, but she doesn't tell her feelings of love for her. After some time Anjali loved Neeraj and Sandhiya falls in trouble now see on Imagine TV next episodes.
Original serial.
"Rakt Sambandh" was based on the Telugu serial "Raktha Sambandham". The original serial was aired on 2009 in Gemini TV, starring Murali Mohan, Yamuna, Mounika and others.

</doc>
<doc id="30998111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998111" title="Women's football at the 2011 Island Games">
Women's football at the 2011 Island Games

The 2011 Island Games on the Isle of Wight, England, was the 6th edition in which a women's football (soccer) tournament was played at the multi-games competition. It was contested by 10 teams.

</doc>
<doc id="30998124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998124" title="Francis Francis">
Francis Francis

Francis Philip Francis (15 September 1852 – 18 January 1926) was an English cricketer. Francis was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born in Upminster, Essex.
Francis made a single first-class appearance for Middlesex in 1881 against Surrey at Lord's. In his only first-class match he wasn't required to bat or bowl. He also played a number of matches for Essex before they were granted first-class status.
He died in Claygate, Surrey on 18 January 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="30998132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998132" title="Cyril Andresen">
Cyril Andresen

Cyril Andresen (1929 – 1977) was a Danish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Dragon class at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, together with Ole Berntsen and Christian von Bülow.

</doc>
<doc id="30998147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998147" title="Brian Attley">
Brian Attley

Brian Attley (born 23 August 1955 in Cardiff) is a Welsh retired professional footballer. Attley played in either defence or midfield.
Career.
In Wales.
Attley began his career at Cardiff City and was involved in the club's 1975-76 promotion season as well as their FA Cup run the following season. He joined Swansea City in February 1979 for £20,000 and played for them in the First Division. However Attley was unable to hold down a starting place in the team at this higher level and fell out of favour. In February 1982 he left the club to join Derby County in a £25,000.
Derby.
He made his Derby debut against Leicester City on 6 February 1982 and altogether made 55 appearances for the Baseball Ground side. He also spent part of the 1982-83 season on loan at Oxford United.
Non-league.
Attley left the Football League in the 1984 close season to sign for Gresley Rovers and made his debut for the club in August against Oldswinford. He remained with the club until 1986 when he joined Stapenhill for a time. Attley left the game following his retirement and settled in Rhoose where he works in floor tiling.

</doc>
<doc id="30998172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998172" title="Calvary Church (Manhattan)">
Calvary Church (Manhattan)

Calvary Church is an Episcopal church located at 277 Park Avenue South on the corner of East 21st Street in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, on the border of the Flatiron District. It was designed by James Renwick, Jr., the architect who designed St. Patrick's Cathedral and Grace Church, and was completed in 1848. The church complex is located within the Gramercy Park Historic District and Extension. It is one of the two sanctuaries of the Calvary-St. George's Parish.
History.
The Calvary Church parish was founded in 1832, and initially used a wooden-frame church on what was then Fourth Avenue – which has since become Park Avenue – uptown of its current site.
The church complex also includes the nine-story Calvary House, east of the church on Gramercy Park North (East 21st Street), also designed by Renwick, and built in 1867, and the "Renwick Gem" Schoolhouse, a small building to the north of the church which was built as a theatre but used for that purpose only for a short time before being utilized for the Calvary Church Sunday school. It has a large interior space, about between the columns, which were designed to hold up the heavy slate roof without the use of exterior buttresses. The building, which as of 2011 houses the 4th and 5th grade classes of the École Internationale de New York, compensates for the shadowing of the taller buildings around through Renwick's use of 42 clerestory windows.
The family of Theodore Roosevelt lived two blocks away from Calvary Church from 1854 to 1872 – Roosevelt was born in their house in 1858, and Calvary was the church the family belonged to. Other congregants included members of the Astor and Vanderbilt families.
The church enjoys a close historical association with the Washington National Cathedral. In 1896, the rector of Calvary, Henry Yates Satterlee, was consecrated the first Episcopal Bishop of Washington in a ceremony in Calvary Church. Satterlee was instrumental in procuring Mount Saint Alban as the site for the Cathedral, and he laid the Cathedral’s main cornerstone in 1907. The parishioners of Calvary donated the church’s baptismal font to the new cathedral, and it is located in the Bethlehem Chapel.
Calvary has a strong connection to Alcoholics Anonymous. When the Rev. Dr. Samuel Shoemaker was the minister there, from 1925 to 1952, Calvary House became the American center of the Oxford Group, from which came some of A.A.'s major underlying ideas. Bill Wilson, the co-founder of the twelve-step group, wrote: "It is through Sam Shoemaker that most of A.A.'s spiritual principles have come. Sam is one of the great channels, one of the prime sources of influences that have gathered themselves into what is now A.A."
In 1976, facing financial difficulty, Calvary parish merged with the nearby parishes of St. George's Church and the Church of the Holy Communion. The Holy Communion buildings were deconsecrated and sold to pay down the debts of the new combined parish, eventually becoming the Limelight disco, and the remaining two churches continued to operate as Calvary-St. George's Parish. Calvary House is now rented out as offices.
Notable people.
Notable clergymen, parishioners, and others associated with Calvary Church have included:

</doc>
<doc id="30998182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998182" title="Glorious Day (Living He Loved Me)">
Glorious Day (Living He Loved Me)

"Glorious Day (Living He Loved Me)" is a song performed by contemporary Christian band Casting Crowns from their 2009 album "Until the Whole World Hears". While the music was composed by the band, the lyrics come from the hymn "One Day", written in 1910 by John Wilbur Chapman, and the song's verse melody was set by Michael Bleecker at The Village Church in Flower Mound, Texas. The single has been successful on Christian radio, reaching the top spot on the Hot Christian Songs (for a total of nine non-consecutive weeks), Soft AC/Inspirational, and Christian AC charts. The song has also achieved some inroads on secular charts, peaked at #2 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
"Glorious Day (Living He Loved Me)" is also appears on the compilation album "WOW Hits 2012".

</doc>
<doc id="30998184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998184" title="Henk Bleker">
Henk Bleker

Hinderk "Henk" Bleker (born 26 July 1953 in Onstwedde) is a former Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He was the State Secretary for Economic Affairs, Agriculture and Innovation in the first Rutte cabinet, serving from 14 October 2010 to 5 November 2012. He previously served as the Party Chair of the CDA from 20 June 2010 until 14 October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30998185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998185" title="Aage Birch">
Aage Birch

Aage Birch (born September 23, 1926) was a Danish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Dragon class at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, together with Poul Richard Høj Jensen and Niels Markussen.

</doc>
<doc id="30998207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998207" title="Sindora glabra">
Sindora glabra

Sindora glabra () is a tree of the Fabaceae (or Leguminosae) family endemic to the People's Republic of China that grows in the provinces of Hainan, Fujian, Guangdong and Yunnan. The species is under second-class national protection in China.
Habitat and description.
The species is found growing in mixed forests, on mountain slopes and along riverbanks between sea level and . It grows to tall and has a trunk diameter of .
"Sindora glabra" produces good quality wood used for building houses and making furniture.

</doc>
<doc id="30998215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998215" title="Niels Markussen">
Niels Markussen

Niels Markussen (6 September 1934 – 11 July 2008) was a Danish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Dragon class at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, together with Poul Richard Høj Jensen and Aage Birch.

</doc>
<doc id="30998217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998217" title="Linda Carty (sociologist)">
Linda Carty (sociologist)

Dr Linda Carty is a sociologist, activist, feminist and educator from Canada . She is also an author and essayist and has also made contributions on environmental justice issues in Onondaga County in "Ms Magazine". 
Carty received her PhD from the University of Toronto in 1989. She currently teaches at Syracuse University in the Department of African American Studies at Syracuse university. She previously served as the Chair for this department. She is also a professor of Sociology with the Maxwell school of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse.
She has been involved in HIV/AIDS work and Black Women's labor struggles in Canada, the U.S, and the Caribbean.

</doc>
<doc id="30998240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998240" title="Tapiola, Michigan">
Tapiola, Michigan

Tapiola is an unincorporated community in Houghton County, Michigan, United States. Tapiola is located in Portage Township, west of Keweenaw Bay.
History.
Tapiola was founded by Finns; they named the community after either Tapiola, a community in Finland, or the Finnish term for the land of the forest god.

</doc>
<doc id="30998247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998247" title="The Apples (Israeli band)">
The Apples (Israeli band)

The band The Apples () is an Israeli Funk nine piece – including a drummer, bassist, 4 brass, 2 DJs and a sound console operator. The Apples play funk, jazz and groove.
The Apples started out in 2002, when a friend assembled the members of RadioTrip (Ofer Tal, known as SchoolMaster, and Uri Wertheim, known as MixMonster), drummer Yoni Halevy and bassist Shai Ran. The idea was to create a funky base combined with samples, scratching, and a dominant brass division. Their first impressions were actually spontaneous improvisations, which formed the basis of The Apple's first album, "Mitz" (Hebrew for "juice"), published on 2003, which was recorded in one recording session.
Their second album, "Attention!" was released in October 2005. The album launch was accompanied by a tour culminating in New Year's Eve at the "Comfort" club in Tel Aviv in front of an audience of about 700 people. The UK edition of "Attention!" was released in 2006. The record contains a bonus track: "Strip Ahskrac 'first Hebrew'".
In October 2006, The Apples released a single through the record company Freestyle Records located in London. Albums are distributed worldwide by the two major distribution companies in Europe, Goya Music and SoulSeduction.
In January 2007, The Apples toured for three weeks in Britain. They primarily played at the Jazz Cafe nightly.
In June 2007, the band released the single (EP) on vinyl 7" with a cover of "Killing in the Name Of" by the band Rage Against the Machine. It gained popularity, and sold out in the shops within a few days, becoming a hit dance radio stations in Europe and Australia.
In May 2008, The Apples released their third album "Buzzin' About", on vinyl and CD, through Freestyle Records. 
In 2010, they released their fourth album, "Kings". The band collaborated with Fred Wesley, the Trombonist musical director of James Brown, and Shlomo Bar, lead singer Natural Selection.

</doc>
<doc id="30998249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998249" title="Edna Flugrath">
Edna Flugrath

Edna Flugrath (December 29, 1893 – April 6, 1966) was the eldest of three sisters who found fame as silent film stars.
Early life.
Edna was the first born of Emil and Mary Dubois Flugrath. Her father, a printer by trade, was the son of Polish-German immigrants and had at one time been considered a talented amateur athlete. Edna’s mother was born in New York, the daughter of German immigrants. Some years later when their daughters were working on films, the Flugraths moved to the West Coast where they became popular on movie sets conversing with curious Hollywood tourists. Mary Flugrath died in Los Angeles in 1922 at the age of 55. Her husband died there 20 years later, a bit over a month past his 74th birthday.
Career.
Edna began working on stage at a very early age appearing in vaudeville shows, legitimate theater and ballet. Before she had turned twenty Edna had tired of the road and decided to try her hand working in the fledgling film industry. She began as a stock player with The Edison Film Company and eventually was given starring roles in one or two reel productions that were common for that period. At some point during her time with Edison she became involved with director Harold Marvin Shaw and later followed him to England after her contract with Edison had expired. Edna achieved some success as a leading lady working with Shaw in England but left acting after they married in Johannesburg, South Africa while filming Die Voortrekkiers (1917). Three years later she attempted a comeback working on a few films for the London Film Company and Stoll Film Company before returning to America where she found it difficult to get work.
Later life.
Eventually Edna gave up on acting and opened a beauty salon in Hollywood. Her husband later became secretary for the Motion Picture Directors’ Association. On January 30, 1926, while driving in Los Angeles, Harold Marvin Shaw was killed instantly in a head-on collision. He was 48 years old and a native of Tennessee. Coincidentally, all three of the Flugrath sisters married motion picture directors, Shaw, Bernard Durning and John Collins, who all died prematurely. Sometime around 1930 Edna next married Halliburton (or Haliberton) Houghton, a broker from Dallas, Texas. In the years to follow Edna would become estranged from her sisters Leonnie (Shirley Mason) and Virginia (Viola Dana), a rift that would last until the end of her life.
Death.
Edna Flugrath died in San Diego in 1966, some seven years after her husband’s passing. Her sisters did not immediately learn of her death until notified by a stranger (most likely a reporter).

</doc>
<doc id="30998273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998273" title="2010 Turner Prize">
2010 Turner Prize

The four nominees for the Tate Gallery's 2010 Turner Prize were Dexter Dalwood, Angela de la Cruz, Susan Philipsz and The Otolith Group (Anjalika Sagar and Kodwo Eshun)
The winner was Susan Philipsz - the first sound artist to be nominated and the first to win. Her winning work was an installation under three bridges in Glasgow in which she sang the sea shanty "Lowlands Away".

</doc>
<doc id="30998299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998299" title="Jan Mathiasen">
Jan Mathiasen

Jan Mathiasen (born 1957) is a Danish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Soling class at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, together with Jesper Bank and Steen Secher.

</doc>
<doc id="30998311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998311" title="You Can't Fix Stupid">
You Can't Fix Stupid

"You Can't Fix Stupid" is an album by American comedian Ron White. It was released by Image Entertainment on February 7, 2006. The album peaked at number 1 on the "Billboard" Top Comedy Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30998337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998337" title="2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Women's 1500 metres">
2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Women's 1500 metres

The Women's 1500 metres at the 2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships will be held on February 25 at the Forum Sport Center ice rink.
Results.
Heats.
Top 3 Athletes from each heat qualify for Quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals.
Top 3 Athletes from each heat qualify for Semifinals.
Semifinals.
Top 2 Athletes from each heat qualify for Final.

</doc>
<doc id="30998341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998341" title="Ben Knapen">
Ben Knapen

Hubertus Petrus Maria "Ben" Knapen (born 6 January 1951 in Kaatsheuvel) is a former Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He was the State Secretary for Foreign Affairs in the first Rutte cabinet, serving from 14 October 2010 to 5 November 2012. His portfolio comprised European Union matters, as well as international aid.

</doc>
<doc id="30998353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998353" title="Boeing KC-46 Pegasus">
Boeing KC-46 Pegasus

The Boeing KC-46 Pegasus is a military aerial refueling and strategic transport aircraft developed by Boeing from its 767 jet airliner. In February 2011, the tanker was selected by the United States Air Force (USAF) as the winner in the KC-X tanker competition to replace older KC-135 Stratotankers. The first 18 combat-ready aircraft are to be delivered to the US Air Force by August 2017 under the terms of the development contract.
Development.
Background.
The U.S. Air Force ran a procurement program to replace around 100 of its oldest KC-135E Stratotankers, and selected Boeing's KC-767. The Boeing tanker received the "KC-767A" designation from the United States Department of Defense in 2002 and appearing in the 2004 edition of DoD model designation report. The Air Force decided to lease 100 KC-767 tankers from Boeing.
Despite several nations leasing military aircraft, there was criticism. U.S. Senator John McCain and others criticized the draft leasing agreement as being wasteful and problematic. In response to the protests, the Air Force struck a compromise in November 2003, whereby it would purchase 80 KC-767 aircraft and lease 20 more.
Then in December 2003, the Pentagon announced the project was to be frozen when an investigation of allegations of corruption led to the jailing of one of its former procurement executives who applied to work for Boeing.
USAF KC-X Program.
In 2006 the USAF released a request for proposal (RFP) for a new tanker program, KC-X, to be selected by 2007. Boeing had also announced it may enter an even higher capability tanker based on the Boeing 777, named the "KC-777" Strategic Tanker. Airbus partnered with Northrop Grumman to offer the Airbus A330 MRTT, the tanker version of the A330, which was being marketed to the USAF under the company name, "KC-30".
In late January 2007 the USAF issued the KC-X Aerial Refueling Aircraft Request for Proposal. The RFP called for 179 (4 system development and demonstration and 175 production) tankers, in a contract worth an estimated US$40 billion. However, Northrop and EADS expressed their displeasure at how the RFP was structured and threatened to withdraw, leaving only Boeing to offer an aircraft.
On 12 February 2007, Boeing announced it was offering the KC-767 Advanced Tanker for the KC-X Tanker competition. Boeing stated that for KC-X's requirements, the KC-767 was a better fit than the KC-777. On 11 April 2007, Boeing submitted its KC-767 tanker proposal to U.S. Air Force. The KC-767 Advanced Tanker offered for this KC-X round was based on the in-development 767-200LRF (Long Range Freighter), rather than the -200ER on which Italian and Japanese KC-767 aircraft are based differing by combining the -200ER fuselage, -300F wing, gear, cargo door and floor, -400ER digital flightdeck and flaps, uprated engines, and "sixth-generation" fly-by-wire fuel delivery boom. The KC-767 uses manual flight control, allowing unrestricted maneuverability to avoid threats anywhere in the flight envelope.
Boeing submitted the final version of its proposal on 3 January 2008. On 29 February 2008, the DoD chose the Northrop Grumman/EADS KC-30, over the KC-767. The KC-30 was subsequently designated KC-45A by the Air Force. Boeing submitted a protest to the United States Government Accountability Office on 11 March 2008 and began waging a public relations campaign in support of their protest. On 18 June, following a series of admissions by the Air Force on the flaws in the bidding process, the GAO upheld Boeing's protest and recommended the contract be rebid. On 9 July 2008, Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced that the Air Force would reopen bidding on the tanker contract. Secretary Gates put the contract for the KC-45 into an "expedited recompetition" with Defense Undersecretary John Young in charge of the selection process instead of the Air Force. A draft of the revised RFP was provided to the contractors on 6 August 2008 for comments. By mid-August the revised RFP was to be finalized. However, on 10 September 2008, the U.S. Defense Department canceled the KC-X solicitation.
On 24 September 2009, the USAF began the first steps in the new round of bids, with a clearer set of criteria, including reducing the number of requirements from 800 to 373 in an attempt to simplify the process and allow a more objective decision to be made. On 4 March 2010, Boeing announced it would bid the KC-767 tanker for the new KC-X round. EADS announced in April 2010 it would submit a tanker bid without Northrop Grumman as a U.S. partner. Boeing submitted its KC-767 "NewGen Tanker" bid on 9 July 2010. The company submitted a revised bid on 10 February 2011.
Selection and early development.
On 24 February 2011, the Air Force announced the selection of Boeing's KC-767. The aircraft will receive the designation "KC-46A". Boeing was also awarded a development contract for the tanker. The contract calls for Boeing to complete and deliver 18 initial operational KC-46 tankers by 2017. The Air Force is seeking to receive a total of 179 new tankers. Boeing's "NewGen Tanker" is based on the 767-200 with an improved version of the KC-10 refueling boom, and cockpit displays from the 787.
In late June 2011, it was reported that development costs were projected to overrun by about $300 million. Boeing would be responsible for this amount, which exceeds the contract cost cap of $4.9 billion. In July 2011, revised cost projections indicated a reduced cost overrun. In March 2013, the program cost for development and procurement of 179 tankers was projected to total US$44.78 billion.
In 2013, the USAF added additional crews and flight hours for the aircraft to their future plans in response to a review that showed that current plans did not take full advantage of the KC-46's cargo and aeromedical evacuation advantages over the KC-135.
On 21 August 2013, Boeing and the Air Force completed a critical design review (CDR) for the KC-46. The CDR was held from 8–10 July, and was completed one month ahead of the original schedule, which planned on the review to be finished on 24 September. With the CDR complete, the KC-46 design is now set and production and testing can proceed. Assembling of the wing for the first aircraft began on 26 June 2013. Flight testing of the Boeing 767-2C airframe, which will be reconfigured into the KC-46, is scheduled to begin in mid-2014. The first fully equipped KC-46 tanker is projected to fly in early 2015. Boeing is contracted to build four test aircraft and deliver 18 combat-ready tankers by August 2017. The Air Force is to buy 179 KC-46s, with all delivered by 2028.
On 12 December 2013, Boeing joined the wings and fuselage for the first 767-2C to be adapted into a KC-46A. On 23 December 2013, the first two PW4062 engines were delivered. The first of four 767-2C provision freighters will complete being assembled by the end of January 2014. Once assembled, it will go through ground vibration and instrumentation testing and have body fuel tanks added. The first test flight will occur during summer 2014 and include measuring its rate of climb and descent. The Engineering Manufacturing and Design (EMD) model will be integrated with instrumentation, electronics, and technologies needed to become a military-standard KC-46A by January 2015. Seven low-rate production KC-46s are to be delivered in 2015, 12 in 2016, and 15 delivered annually from 2017 to 2027. The KC-46A can carry 212,000 lb of fuel, 10 percent more than the KC-135, and of cargo. It has both a probe and drogue and a boom and receptacle to conduct multiple refueling missions on a single mission. Survivability is improved with infrared countermeasures and the aircraft has limited electronic warfare capabilities. The airframe can be configured to carry 114 passengers and to serve as an aero-medical evacuation aircraft. The last of four test aircraft began assembly on 16 January 2014.
In April 2014, the Government Accountability Office found that the KC-46 program was projected to underrun its projected cost estimate of $51.7 billion by $300 million. The program acquisition unit cost per jet will also be $287 million, $1.8 million less than estimated. The GAO noted that delays in training aircrew and maintainers could cause testing to slip 6–12 months, but also conceded that the program had not missed any major milestones and that the development of about 15.8 million lines of software code was progressing as planned.
Operational history.
On 23 April 2014, the USAF announced that the KC-46 Pegasus will be based at McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita, Kansas. The base will start receiving the first of 36 tankers in 2016. The KC-135 Stratotanker is currently stationed at this base. McConnell AFB was chosen because it had low construction costs and it is in a location with a high demand for air refueling. Up to 10 operating bases are to be chosen for the KC-46 fleet. Pegasus crews will be trained at Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma. Altus AFB was also chosen for its limited construction needs and for other training programs for the C-17 Globemaster and KC-135 already at the base.
Export.
In June 2014, Boeing submitted the KC-46 for the Republic of Korea Air Force's requirement for four aerial tankers. Boeing pitched that it could support all of the country's main current and future combat aircraft, would seamlessly integrate with the USAF, and that the Boeing 767 it is based on has a 99 percent readiness rate. The KC-46 can operate from smaller airfields, which is an advantage of the competing Airbus A330-200. Deliveries could begin in 2018.
Operators.
United States Air Force

</doc>
<doc id="30998354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998354" title="Gustavo Bounous">
Gustavo Bounous

Gustavo Bounous was a research medical doctor.
He was born in Lusema, Italy on July 10, 1928. He was educated at the University of Turin and at the University of Genoa. Then, he worked as a research fellow in surgery at the Indiana Medical Center. In 1963 he moved to Canada. He became a professor of surgery, successively at the University of Sherbrooke, 1973–1985, after that, at McGill University, 1985-1993. He died at the age of 83 on December 29, 2011.
Research development.
In 1978 he began research at McGill on a dietary protein source that would boost immune system performance. Bounous contends that a deficiency in the protein glutathione is linked to several diseases, and that a lack of innate cysteine that inhibits glutathione production.

</doc>
<doc id="30998371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998371" title="Peter Due">
Peter Due

Peter Due (born 1947) is a Danish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Tornado class at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="30998437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998437" title="Florida Attorney General election, 2010">
Florida Attorney General election, 2010

The 2010 Florida Attorney General election took place on November 2, 2010, to elect the Attorney General of Florida. The election was won by Republican Pam Bondi who took office in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30998442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998442" title="2011–12 Winnipeg Jets season">
2011–12 Winnipeg Jets season

The 2011–12 Winnipeg Jets season was the 13th season for the National Hockey League franchise and the first in Winnipeg, Manitoba, after 12 seasons as the Atlanta Thrashers. The franchise played in Atlanta since the 1999–2000 NHL season, and relocated to Winnipeg following the conclusion of the 2010–11 NHL season. The relocation of the Thrashers to Winnipeg was confirmed by Gary Bettman on May 31, 2011, and approved by the NHL Board of Governors on June 21, 2011. The 2011 season also marks the first appearance of the Winnipeg Jets name in the NHL since the previous franchise moved from Winnipeg to Phoenix in 1996. At the end of the year the team failed to qualify for a playoff spot.
Off-season.
On May 31, 2011, at a press conference at the MTS Centre, NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman confirmed that the Atlanta Thrashers had been sold to True North Sports and Entertainment and will relocate to Winnipeg for the 2011–12 NHL season after a unanimous vote favoring the sale and relocation at the Board of Governors meeting on June 21, 2011.
On June 4, 2011, the new owners informed GM Rick Dudley that he would not be the GM of the team any longer and the last four years of his contract were bought out. On June 8, 2011, Winnipeg named Kevin Cheveldayoff as their new GM. Cheveldayoff had been serving as the assistant GM for the Chicago Blackhawks. On June 20, 2011, the new owners informed Craig Ramsay that he was no longer the coach of the team. Former Edmonton Oilers coach Craig MacTavish was also informed he was out of the running for the head coaching position. On June 24, True North announced that Claude Noel would be the first head coach of the new team in Winnipeg. Noel had spent the previous season as the head coach of the Manitoba Moose.
The team's name was revealed to be the "Jets" at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft before the team made their selection.
On August 15, Rick Rypien was found deceased at his home in Alberta. Rypien had signed a contract with the Jets in the off-season, he was 27 years old.
The Jets unveiled their new jerseys at an event held on September 6 at 17 Wing in Winnipeg.
Regular season.
The Winnipeg team retained the Thrashers' place in the Southeast Division. The team played six games against its division opponents; four against other Eastern conference teams; and one or two games against Western conference teams.
Playoffs.
The Jets failed to qualify for the 2012 NHL Playoffs, finishing eleventh in the Eastern Conference.
Player statistics.
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; SV= Saves; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Jets. Stats reflect time with the Jets only.
‡Traded mid-season
underline/italics denotes franchise record
Transactions.
Winnipeg has been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Draft picks.
Winnipeg's picks at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft in St. Paul, Minnesota. 

</doc>
<doc id="30998445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998445" title="Dorte Jensen">
Dorte Jensen

Dorte Oppelstrup Jensen (born 20 October 1972 in Nyborg) is a Danish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. She won a silver medal in the Yngling class at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, together with Helle Jespersen and Christina Otzen.

</doc>
<doc id="30998455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998455" title="Kentucky Splash Waterpark">
Kentucky Splash Waterpark

Kentucky Splash Waterpark is an amusement park which includes a waterpark, miniature golf course, go-kart track with kiddy track, and a five station-batting cage in Williamsburg, Kentucky.
Attractions.
Kentucky Splash has 9 attractions: Wipeout Wavepool, Tad Pole Island, Castaway River, Triple Slide Complex, Aquatwist, Kentucky Falls, Miniature Golf, Thunderoad, Strike Three Batting Cage, and The Driving Range. Other Attractions Include Hidden Treasure Arcade, Lily Pad Gift Shop, featuring many Kentucky Splash souvenirs, and Rainbow Cafe, home to Dippin' Dots..
History.
Mayor Bill Nighbert and Tourism Director Alvin Sharpe needed to renovate the city's public swimming pool, which had been run down for some time. The facility needed repairs in excess of half a million dollars, and they decided to add a few slides and a watering mushroom to make the pool more attractive. However, the idea of a full waterpark, like the one in a neighboring town, was approved. The city acquired a farm to build the recreation area called Hal Rogers Family Entertainment Center.
The park opened in May 2001 featuring a few slides, a wavepool, a kiddy area, a lazyriver, a golf course, and go kart track. 
In 2010, the park expanded with two twisting slides called Aquatwist.
Admission.
Admission to Kentucky Splash is $10.00
Acreage.
Kentucky Splash Water Park and the rest of Hal Rogers Entertainment Center, takes up 25 acres of Williamsburg, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="30998463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998463" title="Bacalhau com todos">
Bacalhau com todos

Bacalhau com todos (literally meaning "cod with everyone" in Portuguese) is a common bacalhau recipe in Portuguese cuisine. It consists of boiled bacalhau, boiled vegetables (such as potato, carrots and cabbage), and hard boiled egg. It is served seasoned with olive oil infused with garlic and, depending on taste, also white wine vinegar.

</doc>
<doc id="30998464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998464" title="Cyclone Kathy">
Cyclone Kathy

Severe Tropical Cyclone Kathy was a powerful tropical cyclone that devastated the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands in March 1984. Originating from a tropical low off the southern coast of Papua New Guinea. Tracking westward, the system attained gale-force winds by 18 March before striking the Cape York Peninsula. After crossing the area, Kathy entered the Gulf of Carpentaria where environmental conditions favoured significant development. On 22 March, the storm attained its peak intensity as a Category 5 severe tropical cyclone (Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale) with ten-minute sustained winds of 205 km/h (125 mph). By this time, the storm had been tracking towards the southwest and struck the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands later on 22 March before moving over the Australian mainland as a slightly weaker system. Once over land, Kathy rapidly degraded, losing gale-force winds within 24 hours; the storm dissipated over the Northern Territory on 24 March.
Moving through the Pellew Islands as a powerful cyclone, Kathy generated a maximum storm surge of and winds exceeding . Offshore, 20 vessels were affected, one of which sank and resulted in the death of its captain. In mainland Australia, the system struck a relatively sparsely populated area, with only Borroloola being significantly impacted by the cyclone. Additionally, mangroves at along the McArthur River sustained substantial damage. Overall, losses from the storm were placed at A$12 million (A$30.5 million 2011 AUD; US$24.1 million 2011 USD). Following its usage, the name "Kathy" was retired and will never be used again to name an Australian cyclone.
Meteorological history.
On 16 March 1984, the Bureau of Meteorology began monitoring a tropical low off the southern coast of Papua New Guinea for possible development into a tropical cyclone. Over the following day, the system quickly developed and attained gale-force winds as it neared the Cape York Peninsula. Attaining a pressure of 990 hPa (mbar; 29.23 inHg), the weak system made landfall just north of Weipa, Queensland on 19 March before losing strength. Though already considered a tropical cyclone for two days by the Bureau, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued their first advisory on the system just prior to its landfall; however, they considered it to be a tropical depression rather than a storm. After roughly 12 hours over land, a weakened Kathy emerged over the warm waters of the Gulf of Carpentaria on 20 March. Once over water, the JTWC classified the system as a tropical storm. Turning southwestward, the storm entered a region favoring significant development and soon began a period of rapid intensification.
Intensification took place through 22 March as convection deepened around Kathy's centre and a well-defined eye formed. The system reached its peak strength as a Category 5 severe tropical cyclone on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale with ten-minute sustained winds of 205 km/h (125 mph). Operational analysis of the storm indicated a minimum pressure of 920 hPa (mbar; 27.17 inHg); however, a reassessment in 2009 concluded that Kathy's pressure had been slightly lower, bottoming out at 916 hPa (mbar; 27.05 inHg). Additionally, the JTWC assessed the system to have been slightly stronger, estimating peak one-minute sustained winds at 250 km/h (155 mph). At this time, the storm was estimated to have a Dvorak technique rating of 7.0, equivalent to a Category 5 on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale;
As Cyclone Kathy neared the Australia coastline later on 22 March, it began to weaken as it interacted with land. Radar imagery depicted the system as having an eye in diameter. Roughly 5 hours after peaking, the storm passed directly over the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands, resulting in a degrading structure. Near midnight, the system weakened to a Category 4 cyclone and made landfall in a remote region near Borroloola. Based on a wind gust to sustained ratio of 1.4, Kathy was estimated to have moved onshore with winds between 165 and 185 km/h (105 and 115 mph). In the hours after landfall, Kathy rapid weakened, no longer retaining gale-force winds once away from the Gulf on 23 March. Later that day, the system turned south-westward and persisted for another 24 hours before dissipating.
Impact.
In Far North Queensland, Kathy brought moderate rainfall and strong winds to much of the region. No measurements from the centre of the storm were made, although a wind gust of was recorded in Batavia Downs, Queensland, about south-southeast of the cyclone. Between 18 and 21 March, a total of of rain fell near Batavia Downs. Due to the relatively low intensity of the storm, damage was minimal and mainly confined to trees.
Striking the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands as a high-end Category 4 cyclone, Kathy wrought significant damage in the region. A storm surge of struck Vanderlin Island, destroying much of the nesting ground for sea turtles. Winds were recorded up to before the station's anemometer failed. Several camps across the islands were destroyed. Offshore, 20 vessels were caught in the storm, one of which sank and three others ran aground. One person perished on board the ship that sank during the storm. Losses sustained by the ships were placed at A$5 million (A$12.7 million 2011 AUD; US$10 million 2011 USD).
Though a powerful storm, only light to moderate rains fell along the cyclone's path with totals generally less than . The remnants, however, triggered thunderstorms near Tennant Creek that produced of rain in 24 hours. Reports indicate that several sea turtles and dugongs were washed up to inland by Kathy's surge. The only population center significantly affected by the storm was Borroloola, where moderate to severe damage took place. At least one home was destroyed and many more were damaged in the town. Along the mouth of the McArthur River, near where Kathy struck the mainland, the combination of severe winds and storm surge killed 80% (±20%) of the "Rhizophoraceae" mangrove trees in the region. Along the entire length of the river, 45% (±15.3%) of the "Rhizophoraceae", "Bruguiera" and "Ceriops" as well as 18.5% (±11.4%) of the "Exoecaria agallocha", "Lumnitzera racemosa" and "Avicennia marina" perished. In all, losses from the storm were placed at A$12 ,million (A$30.5 million 2011 AUD; US$24.1 million 2011 USD).
In the wake of the storm, Australian Prime Minister Bob Hawke promised residents of Borroloola that they would receive all possible help from the government. About 400 people in the town were left homeless by Cyclone Kathy. By 25 March, an Royal Australian Air Force aircraft was sent to the region carrying emergency supplies for sheltering displaced persons. Two patrol boats from the Royal Australian Navy were also sent to assist in relief efforts. One brought fuel and medical supplies and the other assisted trawlers set adrift or grounded by the storm. Following its usage, the name "Kathy" was retired from Brisbane's list of cyclone names and will never be used again.

</doc>
<doc id="30998465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998465" title="Public Health Research Institute">
Public Health Research Institute

The Public Health Research Institute (PHRI) was established in 1942 as an independent not-for-profit research organization affiliated with the New York City Department of Health. Dr. Ralph Muckenfuss, director of the Bureau of Laboratories of the Department of Health, was designated as the first director of the Institute. The mission of the Institute was to conduct research in areas related to the public health problems of New York City. The Institute had three divisions -- Infectious Disease, Applied Immunology, and Nutrition and Physiology (which later became the Division of Biochemistry). The institute was originally housed in simple quarters at 16th Street and the East River. As it grew in size the Institute eventually moved to a new building at 26th Street and First Avenue, across the street from the original Carnegie Laboratory of New York University. The Institute maintained close connections with NYU with most of the staff holding faculty appointments at the university.
PHRI was unique in being the only basic medical research organization in the nation that received substantial municipal support. Originally the City contributed $100,000 per year. Over time this increased to $350,000 per year with New York State contributing the same amount. This arrangement continued until the financial crisis of 1977 forced both the city and the state to end their funding for the institute. The Institute survived this loss of funding and continued to operate with funding from the National Institutes of Health and other research funders.
In 2002, PHRI became associated with the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and moved to the International Center for Public Health in Newark, New Jersey, a building which it shares with the UMDNJ Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics and the National Tuberculosis Center. PHRI operated independently until 2006 when it merged with UMDNJ and was established as a research center of the University. PHRI researchers now hold faculty positions in the departments of medicine, biochemistry and microbiology and molecular genetics of UMDNJ's New Jersey Medical School.

</doc>
<doc id="30998466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998466" title="Helle Jespersen">
Helle Jespersen

Helle Møller Jespersen (born 12 February 1968) is a Danish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. She won a silver medal in the Yngling class at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, together with Dorte Jensen and Christina Otzen.

</doc>
<doc id="30998467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998467" title="Commission for Polish Relief">
Commission for Polish Relief

The Commission for Polish Relief (CPR), also known unofficially as "Comporel" or "Hoover Commission", was initiated in late 1939 by former US President Herbert Hoover, following the German and Soviet occupation of Poland. The Commission provided relief to Nazi occupied territories of Poland until December 1941.
Background.
Following the conquest of Poland by Nazi Germany and the USSR, the country's most fertile agricultural land was annexed to Germany in October 1939. The remaining area of German-occupied Poland (the General Government) did not produce enough food to feed its population. National Socialist People's Welfare, Nazi Germany relief service, was not providing adequate service and very soon started to exclude Jews from its aid programmes. Herbert Hoover testified before the House Committee on Foreign Affairs that around 400 to 500 million US dollars would be needed to feed approximately 7 million of destitute people in Poland, and argued that at least a quarter of that should be provided by the USA.
Both Polish and Jewish population in areas of Nazi Germany occupied was considered by German authorities to be "sub-human" (Untermensch) and as such targeted for extermination and slavery. Under Nazi plans, deliberate starvation of what were considered "sub-humans" was considered. From the beginning of Nazi occupation of Poland food was forcefully confiscated from Polish population by Nazi authorities to be used for benefit of Nazi Germany By mid 1941, the German minority in Poland received 2613 calories per day while Poles received 699 and Jews in the ghetto 184. The Jewish ration fulfilled 7.5 percent of their daily needs; Polish rations only 26 percent. Only the ration allocated to Germans fulfilled the full needs of their daily calorie intake.
The Nazis based food rations on racist basis with Germans considered "ubermenschen" receiving biggest food rations in Nazi occupied territories of Poland, with little spared for Polish and Jewish population:
Prior to the war the General Government was not self-sufficient in agricultural production and was a net importer of food from other regions of Poland. Despite this food deficit the German occupiers confiscated 27% of the agricultural output in the General Government, thus reducing the food available for the civilian population. This Nazi policy caused a humanitarian crisis in Poland's urban areas. In 1940 20 to 25% of the population the Government General depended on outside relief aid. This crisis was made worse by the German expulsion of 923,000 Polish citizens from Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany into the General Government. The Germans "showed no concern for the destination of the dislocated families" who depended on the local Polish welfare services.Richard C. Lukas points out "To be sure, the Poles would have starved to death if they had to depend on the food rationed to them To supplement the meager rations allocated by the Germans ( see table above) Poles depended on the black market in order to survive. During the war 80% of the population's needs were met by the black market Poles involved in the black market "risked arrest, deportation to a concentration camp, and even death" The German occupiers maintained a large police force to eliminate the black market. During the war there was an increase in infectious diseases caused by the general malnutrition among the Polish population. In 1940 the tuberculosis rate among Poles, not including Jews,was 420 per 100,000 compared to 136 per 100,000 prior to the war. Also Poles were pressured to sign up for work in Germany hoping to improve their living standards, but most were disappointed when they found low wages and humiliating treatment in Germany.
The brutal occupation policy of Germany resulted in a huge death toll. Prior to the establishment of the death camps in mid 1942 one-fifth (500-600,000) of Polish Jews perished in ghettos and labor camps. Apart from 2.3 million non-Jewish Poles killed directly during the course of the war an additional 473,000 perished due to the harsh conditions of the occupation,
Additionally the Generalplan Ost plan of Nazis which envisioned elimination of Slavic population in occupied territories, and artificial famines - as proposed in Hunger Plan - were to be used.
Organisation and operations of the Commission for Polish Relief.
The Commission was organized on September 25, 1939, following an appeal by the Polish Government in Exile.
The Commission was led by Maurice Pate and Chauncey McCormick with Herbert Hoover as (Honorary) Chairman. Funding came from governments and private charities as well as the American Red Cross. Polish-American organizations in the United States donated $400,000; the Polish Government in Exile, $186,225. The Commission eventually collected $6,000,000, including $3,060,704 in Polish gold deposited in the National Bank of Romania (which proved more difficult to obtain).
The Commission provided food (such as evaporated milk, rye flour, vegetable fats, sugar and hominy grits) and clothing to Polish refugees throughout Europe, such as the 50,000 Polish refugees in France, and to 200,000 malnourished children, women and elderly inside occupied Poland that were fed daily from canteens. The Commission is said to have delivered 150 tonnes of supplies within a few months, and in early 1940 CPR organized kitchens served 200,000 meals a day.
The shipments were sent using from the United States to Sweden and then to German ports like Hamburg or Danzig. After the German invasion of Norway the route was changed to Genoa or Lisbon, from where the food was shipped by rail to occupied Poland. After , Italian railroads no longer carried aid, and the shipments were rerouted to Vilnius.
The Nazi government provided guarantees that ships from neutral countries that transported the relief would not be targeted by Kriegsmarine submarines and CPR was allowed to operate in occupied Poland (for example, in July 1941, two depots existed in Kraków and Warsaw). At the same time, Nazis were opposed to CPR requests that American nationals are allowed to distribute the supplies, or that they aid is extended to the Jews. It was only around summer 1940 that the Germans agreed to allow American nationals to accompany the shipments to Poland, but German Red Cross (which at the time was under Nazi control, headed by Reichsartz of SS Ernst Grawitz) was to act as a liaison between them and the local groups.
Reduction and ending of relief.
Soon after Poland's defeat in October 1939, controversies arose on whether the Nazis could be trusted to distribute the food properly. Contributions from the Polish-American community dropped, as the community became split over that issue. By early spring 1940, CPR efforts were much reduced in effectiveness as a result of the drop in donations and Nazi government opposition.
The matters were further complicated as the UK had a naval blockade in place against delivery of food to territory controlled by Nazi Germany. At first it was possible to get exceptions to the blockade from the British, and this was regularly the case while Neville Chamberlain was Prime Minister. The US government and the American Red Cross (ARC) spoke in favor of the blockade, which played a role in diverting donations from the CPR to the ARC. The Roosevelt Administration attempted to minimize aid to Poland as it preferred to focus on aiding the UK and France and wanted to avoid being drawn into the war.
In May 1940, Winston Churchill replaced Chamberlain as the UK Prime Minister, and his policy made it much more difficult to ship food to continental Europe. In August 1940, the British Government decided to not permit any further aid shipments to areas in Europe under occupation by Nazi Germany. This decision was motivated by the Nazi conquest of Denmark, Norway, the Low Countries and France, the growing importance of economic warfare and difficulties experienced by the Americans in adequately supervising the distribution of supplies in Poland. The British government believed that the Nazi German government could not be trusted to allow aid to be delivered to its intended recipients and that there was no way of supervising how it was actually used. Given the large population in the German-occupied countries, the British were also concerned that the amount of goods which would be delivered through an aid program would free up considerable reserves of Nazi Germany manpower. On 7 June, the British Foreign Office also learned that the German government had withdrawn all offers to facilitate American relief aid to Polish territories under Nazi occupation and interpreted this as meaning that the Commission for Polish Relief and a Red Cross aid program to the country had broken down. As a result, and after extensive discussions by the British cabinet and between government departments, Churchill announced on 20 August that Britain would maintain a strict blockade of Nazi Germany and countries it occupied. He also stated that while Nazi Germany must be responsible for feeding its occupied countries, Britain would make preparations to rapidly provide aid to any territories which were liberated from Nazi control. This policy was supported by the European governments in exile which were based in London, though the promise of aid once territories were liberated was made in response to concerns they raised about the blockade potentially encouraging people in occupied countries to cooperate with the Nazi German forces.
At the time of its announcement, the British government had no evidence that there was any actual or impending starvation in Europe and believed that food supplies would be adequate to prevent significant shortages until the spring of 1941. Nazi German propaganda statements made at this time also claimed that no part of Nazi-occupied Europe would go short of food, and on 26 June the Deutschlandsender radio station had broadcast a statement explicitly rejecting aid from Herbert Hoover's organisation to feed the populations of Belgium, France and the Netherlands.
The British Government was concerned about the reaction in the United States to its decision to cut off aid to Nazi occupied Europe. The United States government supported the blockade, with Under Secretary of State Sumner Welles telling the British ambassador Lord Lothian on 13 July, more than a month before the blockade was announced, that President Roosevelt, the US State Department and American public opinion all were opposed to "any action which would relieve pressure on Germany by feeding the distressed people of Europe". Secretary of State Cordell Hull later told Lord Lothian that an argument in favour of the blockade was that experience had shown that it was impossible to arrange any system of providing relief that did not, directly or indirectly, increase the food available to the German government.
Hoover campaigned against the British blockade. He was critical of Churchill, and later wrote that for Churchill, civilian starvation, if speeding up the end of the war, was justified. On 11 August 1940, Hoover issued a statement arguing that there was no reason why aid could not be sent to Europe through a neutral non-government organisation. This statement specified that such a scheme should go ahead only if the German government agreed to not take food from the occupied countries—which the Nazis were doing in Poland from the start of the occupation. Other demands by Hoover included permitting imports from the USSR and Balkan countries, granting unimpeded passage to aid ships and allowing the non-government organisation to control the distribution of aid to the degree necessary for it to be confident that these guarantees were being met. Hoover also requested that the British allow aid shipments as long as the German Government met the conditions he had specified and asked that the governments in exile provide funding for aid supplies. He also argued that "the obvious truth is that there will be wholesale starvation, death and disease in these little countries unless something is done about it". The US Government did not support Hoover's statement and it also failed to win public support. An opinion poll conducted on 1 September 1940 found that only 38 percent of Americans believed that the country should send food aid if famine broke out in Nazi-occupied European countries of Belgium, France and the Netherlands. Nevertheless, a campaign to provide food relief to Europe continued in the US until the end of the war, though it attracted little attention after the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941.
In response to the British blockade, the Commission for Polish Relief attempted to purchase food from the Soviet Union and the Baltic states, but the results were meager. The Commission was able to continue to provide a very limited amount of relief to Poland until December 1941, when Nazi Germany declared war on the United States. The Commission operated for several more years, providing aid to Poles outside German occupied territories. Hoover Institution Archives list the Commission documents from up to 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="30998486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998486" title="Heinrich Ernst">
Heinrich Ernst

Heinrich Ernst (26 May 1917 – 28 November 2002) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="30998493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998493" title="Impressed duty stamp">
Impressed duty stamp

An impressed duty stamp is a form of revenue stamp created by "impressing" (embossing) a stamp onto a document using a metal die to show that the required "duty" (tax) had been paid. The stamps have been used to collect a wide variety of taxes and duties, including stamp duty and duties on alcohol, financial transactions, receipts, cheques and court fees. Usage has been worldwide but particularly heavy in the United Kingdom and British Commonwealth.
Impressed duty stamps are to be distinguished from "adhesive" revenue stamps which are applied to documents in the same way that a postage stamp is applied to a letter.
History in the United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, the first impressed duty stamps were used following the introduction of stamp duty in the Stamps Act 1694.
The Act was "An act for granting to Their Majesties several duties on Vellum, Parchment and Paper for 10 years, towards carrying on the war against France" (5 & 6 Will. & Mar. c. 21). The duty ranged from 1 penny to several shillings on a number of different legal documents including insurance policies and documents used as evidence in courts. It raised around £50,000 a year and although it was initially a temporary measure, it proved so successful that its use was continued.
Successive Acts have created new duties up to the present day and impressed duty stamps have been used until recently to collect the taxes with electronic methods now taking over.
The tax was enforced by making the documents unenforceable in court if they had not been properly stamped. The tax was either a fixed amount per document or "ad valorem" where the tax varied according to the value of the transaction being taxed.
The first stamps were issued by the newly created "Board of Commissioners of Stamps". Distributors of the stamps were appointed throughout the country. Later, the poet William Wordsworth was the distributor in Westmorland. The stamps were embossed onto the document directly, at first without any inking (known as "albino"), and later using colour. In the case of parchment the stamp was first applied to paper which was attached to the document using glue and a tin metal strip.
Adoption worldwide.
The use of the stamps in the United Kingdom was so successful that the same model was soon adopted in the rest of British Empire. The stamps have also been used in many other countries.
Revenue meters.
In many countries, "revenue meters" have replaced impressed stamps as they are more efficient and the stamp is quicker to apply. Operating like a meter franking machine, they are manufactured by many of the same companies, for instance Pitney Bowes and Neopost.
Over-embossing dies.
Over-embossing dies may be confused with impressed duty stamps as they appear similar. In fact, they are applied to adhesive revenue stamps to cancel the stamp and tie the stamp to the document on which it is placed. Often in red, they will usually include the date on the top and bottom of the die and are produced using the same method as impressed duty stamps. They normally show no value as they are not stamps but in a few cases over-embossing dies have been adapted to include a value and to serve as stamps, for instance in Penang, Singapore and Malacca. In 1901, De La Rue produced a short "" that explained the advantages and disadvantages of the different methods of stamping and included a sample over-embossing on an Imperium stamp.
Pre-printed revenue stamps.
A "pre-printed revenue stamp" is a type of revenue stamp where the stamp is incorporated into the design of the document and printed at the same time as the rest of the document. They are distinct from impressed duty stamps in being neither impressed nor embossed. Pre-printed revenue stamps were often included in the design of cheques to prevent the need to separately stamp each cheque. They are also found incorporated into the design of stock certificates and are analogous to imprinted stamps in the postal field without the embossing sometimes found there. They also have similarities to stamped paper, but unlike stamped paper, where the stamp is usually large and the rest of the paper blank, the pre-printed revenue stamp is normally only a small part of the document, perhaps appearing in a corner, and often no larger than a typical postage stamp.
In the United Kingdom, a pre-printed stamp, without a stated value, appeared on cheques from 1956 bearing the words "Stamp Duty Paid" that prevented the need for each cheque to be separately embossed with a stamp as had previously been the case.

</doc>
<doc id="30998496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998496" title="Chemical (Crashdïet song)">
Chemical (Crashdïet song)

Chemical is the second single from the Swedish glam metal band Crashdïet's 2010 album Generation Wild. It was released on 19 September and was written by Crashdïet's guitarist Martin Sweet and the band Peep Show's singer Johnny Gunn.

</doc>
<doc id="30998509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998509" title="Bernd Venohr">
Bernd Venohr

Bernd Venohr (born April 16, 1959 in Hanau, Germany) is a German management consultant, entrepreneur and author. He is the editor of the ""Lexikon der deutschen Weltmarktführer"" (Encyclopedia of German world-market leaders) and is considered to be one of the foremost experts on the success model of the German Mittelstand companies. He works with owners and top managers of mid-sized companies on strategic and organisational issues and invests in start-up companies. In addition he is an Adjunct Professor at the Berlin School of Economics and Law.
Between 2006 and 2008 he was a tenured full Professor of strategic management at the Berlin School of Economics and Law. Before taking up this academic position he spend about 20 years in industry as managing director at Accenture and senior partner and member of the worldwide board of directors at Bain & Company. 
Bernd Venohr studied business administration at the Goethe University Frankfurt, where he also took his Ph.D. degree. In addition, he holds an Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Northwestern University, Chicago.
He is married with two children and lives in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="30998530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998530" title="Consett bus station">
Consett bus station

Consett bus station serves the town of Consett, in County Durham, England. The bus station is managed by Durham County Council.
This bus station is situated on Medomsley Road in the town centre. There are 9 stands and the main operators from the bus station is Go North East.
Services.
Bus services from Consett bus station run as far afield as Gateshead MetroCentre shopping complex, Newcastle, Sunderland, Durham and Hexham.

</doc>
<doc id="30998556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998556" title="Songs of the Season">
Songs of the Season

Songs of the Season is a Christmas album by American country music artist Randy Travis. It was released by Word Records on September 25, 2007. The album peaked at number 26 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30998557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998557" title="George Raymond Jr.">
George Raymond Jr.

George Raymond, Jr. (January 1, 1943 - March 8, 1973) was an African-American civil rights activist; a member of the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party; a Freedom Rider; and head of the Congress of Racial Equality in Mississippi in the 1960s. Raymond influenced many of Mississippi's most known activists, such as Anne Moody, C. O. Chinn, Annie Devine to join the movement and was influential in many of Mississippi's most notable Civil Rights activities such as a Woolworth's lunchcounter sit-in and protests in Jackson, Mississippi, Meredith Mississippi March, and Freedom Summer. 
Early life and family.
George Raymond, Jr. was born on January 1, 1943, in New Orleans, Louisiana. Friends and family describe George as courageous, action-oriented and vocal. He attend Tommy Lafon Elementary, Samuel J. Green Junior High School and graduated from Cohen High School in 1960. George married Myrtis Evans in 1965 whose mother, Lara Evans, was influenced by George to become a Freedom Rider. George and Myrtis had two children. Raymond died in 1973 from a heart attack, at the age of thirty.
Civil Rights Movement.
Freedom Rides.
At the age of eighteen, George Raymond, Jr. was living in New Orleans, Louisiana, when he was arrested for his participation in the Freedom Rides. Raymond, along with Pauline K. Sims, was arrested in the Trailways bus terminal in Jackson, Mississippi, on 14 August 1961.
Woolworth sit-in.
On May 28, 1963, in coordination with Medgar Evers, George Raymond, Anne Moody, Pearlina Lewis, Prof. John R. Salter, and Walter Williams sat down at the downtown Jackson's Woolworth "whites only" lunch counter in an attempt to integrate it. For two hours the demonstrators were beaten, sworn at, kicked, splattered with ketchup, and called communists and nigger-lovers. Only when the white mob began to empty shelves and hurl whatever they could touch at the demonstrators did the owner close the store down. Police Deputy Chief J. R. Ray watched and violence erupted. The Jackson sit-in was one in a series of nonviolent protests which led to the Woolworth's department store chain reversing its policy of racial segregation in the Southern United States. In her autobiography, "Coming of Age in Mississippi", Annie Moody wrote a vivid account of this sit-in.
George appears in the only photograph of the lunch counter scene that day. In it, the camera's flash and his deep black skin provide a double shadow against Pearlena's bright summer suit. He sits stone-faced, staring straight ahead while a pint bottle of silky white cream is poured down the back of his muscular neck and onto his white T-shirt and crisp bib overalls - clothing that would become his trademark in the Mississippi movement.
Mississippi Burning Trial.
The Mississippi civil rights workers murders involved the 1964 lynching of three political activists during the American Civil Rights Movement. The murders of James Chaney, a 21-year-old black man from Meridian, Mississippi; Andrew Goodman, a 20-year-old Jewish anthropology student from New York; and Michael Schwerner, a 24-year-old Jewish CORE organizer and former social worker also from New York, symbolized the risks of participating in the Civil Rights Movement in the South during what became known as "Freedom Summer", dedicated to voter registration.
A widespread belief exists that George Raymond was the target that day. Mississippi Burning Trial testimonies state that the station wagon that Schwerner, Goodman and Chaney were murdered in belonged to Raymond. It was planned that Raymond drive that day but last minute changes occurred. Schwerner, Goodman and Chaney may have been casualties.
Meredith Mississippi March.
George Raymond, Jr. participated in the Meredith Mississippi March near the town of Canton in June 1966. The march began with civil rights campaigner James Meredith setting out to walk from Memphis, Tennessee, to Jackson, Mississippi, in order to encourage African Americans along the way to register and vote. After Meredith was shot and wounded, other civil rights campaigners continued the march in his name.
Mississippi Blues.
After Chinn decided to focus his energy on real estate and housing, George Raymond was one of New Club Desire operators. Raymond and C. O. Chinn (brother to Clarence Chinn) were Canton’s leading civil rights activists in the 1960s. In addition to spreading the popularity the Blues, New Club Desire was used for meetings of civic, social, and civil rights organizations. The club closed in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="30998569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998569" title="Colonial Medal (German Empire)">
Colonial Medal (German Empire)

The Colonial Medal ("Kolonial-Denkmünze") was a medal of the German Empire established on 13 June 1912 by Kaiser Wilhelm II The medal and clasps were awarded retroactively for participation in military operations in the German colonies.Exceptions were participants in the Boxer Rebellion 1900-01, and German South West Africa in the years 1904-08. These operations were eligible for their own unique commemorative medal.
Description.
The medal is made of bronze the obverse of which depicts the right-facing bust of Wilhelm II in uniform, with the initials W II. The reverse has oak leaves on the right and a laurel branch on the left. In the center is the imperial crown which sits above the inscription "DEN TAPFEREN STREITERN FÜR DEUTSCHLANDS EHRE". The ribbon is white with four thin red lines in the center and black stripes on the edges.
Claps.
The medal was awarded with claps which were manufactured of gold plated brass. Claps were mounted on the ribbon of the medal.

</doc>
<doc id="30998570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998570" title="Aristidis Rapanakis">
Aristidis Rapanakis

Aristidis Rapanakis (; born 1954) is a Greek competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Soling class at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="30998601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998601" title="Marlies Veldhuijzen van Zanten-Hyllner">
Marlies Veldhuijzen van Zanten-Hyllner

Marie Louise Lydia Elisabeth "Marlies" Veldhuijzen van Zanten-Hyllner (born 29 September 1953 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a former Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). She was the State Secretary for Health, Welfare and Sport in the first Rutte cabinet, serving from 14 October 2010 to 5 November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30998627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998627" title="Best of 00–10">
Best of 00–10

Best of 00–10 is a greatest hits album by English electronic band Ladytron, released on 28 March 2011 by Nettwerk. The collection includes remastered material spanning from the band's previous studio albums, as well as two previously unreleased tracks—lead single "Ace of Hz" and a cover version of Death in June's 1992 song "Little Black Angel". A deluxe version was also released, featuring a bonus disc of additional sixteen tracks and an eighty-page photo booklet.
Track listing.
"Best of Remixes".
On 8 March 2011, a preceding companion compilation titled "Best of Remixes" was released digitally.
Singles.
"Ace of Hz", one of the two new tracks to appear on "Best of 00–10", was released as a single several months prior on 30 November 2010. It also featured on the soundtrack for "FIFA 11". and was later included on the subsequent (non-compilation) studio album, Gravity the Seducer.
On 12 January 2011, remixed versions of the song appeared in a digitally distributed EP released by Nettwerk.

</doc>
<doc id="30998634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998634" title="Myndtown">
Myndtown

Myndtown (sometimes formerly spelt "Mindtown") is a small village and civil parish in rural Shropshire, around 5 miles to the north-east of Bishop's Castle.
The village of Myndtown itself lies immediately beneath the slope of the Long Mynd; it consists of only one farm, the former rectory and the small parish church of St. John, which has 12th-century origins and is Grade II listed. The parish is sparsely populated and includes some other small settlements such as Asterton.

</doc>
<doc id="30998651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998651" title="All My Life (2004 film)">
All My Life (2004 film)

All My Life is 2004 Filipino romantic drama film starring Aga Muhlach and Kristine Hermosa.
Plot summary.
Sam and Louie meet aboard the Star Cruise. Despite being strangers and complete opposites, with Sam (Aga Muhlach) being carefree and Louie (Kristine Hermosa) being obsessive-compulsive, they become unlikely acquaintances and eventually friends. Both pained on carrying life’s baggage before they took the cruise, Sam and Louie will never be the same person again after. For once in Louie’s rigid life, she is living for the moment and Sam lets his free spirit enjoy the ride. But once back to their usual lives, feat sets in.
Louie is still healing from a traumatic love relationship, while Sam is still in denial that he fell in love. Fate brings them back together again and this time, it’s as if nothing can hold back what their hearts yearn for. Together, they will thread the path of uncertainty and in the end prove to themselves that indeed, the true essence of living is loving.

</doc>
<doc id="30998652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998652" title="Vuelta a la Independencia Nacional">
Vuelta a la Independencia Nacional

Vuelta a la Independencia Nacional is a stage road bicycle race held annually in the Dominican Republic, and it is the most important race in the country. Since 2008, the race is organized as a 2.2 event on the UCI America Tour.
In 2013 the race was held as a national event, since it was excluded from the UCI America Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="30998657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998657" title="Stanley River (Canterbury)">
Stanley River (Canterbury)

The Stanley River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. An upper tributary of the Waiau River, it rises on the southern flanks of the St James Range and flows southwest to reach the Waiau 17 kilometres east of the Lewis Pass. Lake Guyon drains to the Stanley River via a swampy tributary named Stanley Vale. In its lower reaches the river passes through a gorge known as Stanley Gate.
The Fowler Pass Track follows the river for much of its length.

</doc>
<doc id="30998665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998665" title="Domaine Jean-Luc Colombo">
Domaine Jean-Luc Colombo

Domaine Jean-Luc Colombo is a French wine producer and "negociant" in the Rhône Valley. While Colombo produces several "Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée" (AOC) wines in the Rhône, such as Châteauneuf-du-Pape and Hermitage, he is most noted for being a pioneer in the revitalization of the Cornas wine region. In reference to a Remington Norman quote about the need for a "media star" to bring attention to the Cornas region, "The New York Times" wine writer Frank Prial noted that Jean-Luc Colombo has done much to fill that need.
The winery's founder, Jean-Luc Colombo, has become a notable wine personality due to his strong and outspoken opinions on the future of the French wine industry and on such winemaking topics as extended maceration and organic viticulture. Since opening up his Cornas-based wine-consulting firm in 1984, Colombo has worked with over 100 estates in the Rhône Valley including such notable producers as Domaine de la Janasse, Chapoutier and Château Fortia. He has also influenced many young Rhône winemakers of the late 20th and early 21st century including Jacques Grange of the Louis Roederer-owned estate Delas Frères and André Brunel of the Châteauneuf-du-Pape estate Les Cailloux.
History.
A native of Marseilles, Jean-Luc Colombo first studied pharmacology before developing an interest in winemaking. After earning degrees in both pharmacology and enology from the University of Montpellier Colombo opened up a part-time wine consulting firm with his wife, Anne, in 1984. Despite having strong, and sometimes contrarian opinions that rankled the traditionalist winemakers of the region, Colombo's wine consulting firm blossomed and he began devoting himself full-time to wine. In 1987, the Colombos purchased an 8 hectare plot of vineyard land in Cornas and by 1994 was producing wine under their own label. In 1998, they further expanded as a "negociant" selling wines from across the Rhône Valley including the Côtes du Rhône AOC and "vin de pays" from the Languedoc-Roussillon region of southern France.
After discovering an abandoned vineyard of old vines in a state park near his hometown of Marseilles, Colombo began producing Provence wine under his Côte Bleue wine label.
Winemaking philosophy.
Jean-Luc Colombo counts Bordeaux-based consultant Michel Rolland and French enologist Émile Peynaud as major influences on his views. Growing up in a family of chefs has encouraged him to put "food-friendliness" in wine pairing as an important consideration in winemaking. In 2001, Colombo openly lamented the rising competition from New World wines, particularly those from California, describing the situation as ""losing civilisation and vulgarising wine"".
Colombo is an outspoken advocate of organic viticultural practices as well as green harvesting and extended hang-time for more physiological ripeness. He also believes firming in destemming clusters prior to fermentation with the must going through an extended maceration on the skins. Colombo wines are typically aged 12–14 months in large "foudres" oak barrels that hold up to 120 hectoliters before spending an additional 1–3 years in standard 225-228 liter "barriques" of neutral oak.
Wine writers, such as Jim Gordon, describe Colombo as an "Arch Modernizer" due to his advocacy of using modern viticulture and winemaking techniques to compete on the global wine market. With parts of the Rhône, particularly the northern regions of Hermitage and Côte-Rôtie, steeped in tradition, Colombo's view came across as controversial in the 1980s but slowly became accepted by a new wave of younger winemakers.
About his reputation, Colombo has joked that he is ""the most hated and loved winemaker in the Rhône".
Wines.
Domaine Jean-Luc Colombo produces a number of wines from AOC regions across the northern and southern Rhône including a Hermitage, Cornas, Châteauneuf-du-Pape, Condrieu, Crozes-Hermitage, Saint-Joseph, Saint-Péray, Tavel and Côtes du Rhône. Additionally they produce several labels of "vin de pays" and "negociant" wines from the Rhône and Languedoc-Roussillon and a separate Provence wine label, Côte Bleue.

</doc>
<doc id="30998683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998683" title="South African Class 8Y 2-8-0">
South African Class 8Y 2-8-0

The South African Class 8Y 2-8-0 of 1903 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.
In 1903 the Cape Government Railways placed four more Cape 8th Class 2-8-0 Consolidation type steam locomotives in service. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and reclassified to Class 8Y.
Manufacturer.
The first locomotive in the Cape Government Railways (CGR) Consolidation type 8th Class, later to become the South African Railways (SAR) Class 8X, was designed by H.M. Beatty, the CGR’s Chief Locomotive Superintendent from 1896 to 1910. This second batch of four was ordered in 1903 from Kitson and Company of Hunslet in Leeds, West Yorkshire. All four were allocated to the CGR’s Western System and numbered in the range from 817 to 820.
They were very similar to the earlier Schenectady and ALCO built Consolidations, but with the boiler centre line raised two inches. Coupled with a shallow firebox, this enabled the grate to be extended out sideways over the fourth set of coupled wheels which resulted in a grate area of compared to the of the previous model. They also used saturated steam and cylinders with overhead slide valves actuated by inside Stephenson valve gear.
Class 8 sub-classes.
In spite of the difference in wheel arrangement, the CGR grouped its Consolidation and post Class 7 Mastodon locomotives together as the 8th Class.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the CGR, the Natal Government Railways and the Central South African Railways, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the South African Railways (SAR) came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
In 1912 these locomotives were reclassified to Class 8Y on the SAR and renumbered in the range from 896 to 899. All these CGR and locomotives, together with the Class 8-L1 to Class 8-L3 Mastodon locomotives from the Central South African Railways (CSAR), were grouped into ten different sub-classes by the SAR. The locomotives became SAR Classes 8 and 8A to 8F and the locomotives became Classes 8X to 8Z.
Service.
In SAR service, the Class 8Y was used mainly in the Northern Cape until they were withdrawn by 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="30998696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998696" title="Juniper Foundation">
Juniper Foundation

Juniper Foundation 
is an organization that works to adapt and promote meditation tradition in the modern world. It was founded in 2003 by five individuals, Segyu Choepel Rinpoche, Hillary Brook Levy, Christina Juskiewicz, Pam Moriarty and Lawrence Levy. Juniper calls its approach "meditation tradition for modern life" and it emphasizes meditation, balancing emotions, cultivating compassion and developing insight as four building blocks of meditation training.
Approach.
Juniper holds that Buddhist ideas have enormous potential to benefit modern culture but, to do so, their religious and cultural wrapper must be removed so modern individuals can access these methods in a way that matches their sensibility and psychology. These methods must become integrated into modern culture just as they were in the cultures of India, China, Japan, Tibet and others. The 14th Dalai Lama acknowledged this principle when, in his book "The Meaning of Life from a Buddhist Perspective", he wrote “It is important to adopt the "essence" of Buddha’s teaching, recognizing that Buddhism as it is practiced by Tibetans is influenced by Tibetan culture and thus it would be a mistake to try to practice a Tibetanized form of Buddhism.” 
Because Buddhist ideas value inquiry and critical thinking, Juniper holds that we can apply these to build a bridge from ancient culture to modern life, one that is grounded in tradition but evolved to embrace discovery and modern social norms.
Lineage.
Buddhist thought is not based on a centralized authority but is held in lineages. Juniper’s lineage is from an Indo-Tibetan Buddhist tradition dating back over two thousand years to the time of the Buddha. This lineage passed through India and Tibet and came to Juniper through its Brazilian born co-founder Segyu Choepel Rinpoche. In 1984, Segyu Rinpoche was recognized by the 98th Ganden Tripa, the spiritual leader of the Gelug (Dge-lugs) school of Tibetan Buddhism, as a master and holder of a Gelug lineage known as the Segyu (Sed Gyued). Segyu Rinpoche’s primary teacher was Kyabje Lati Rinpoche (1922-2010), the former abbot of Ganden Shartse Monastery, under whom Segyu Rinpoche received the full gelong monastic ordination. For over twenty-five years Segyu Rinpoche studied under, and received initiations from, Kyabje Lati Rinpoche, Khensur Tara Tulku Rinpoche and other masters of the Gelug school. In tandem with his training, Segyu Rinpoche studied Tibetan Medicine, a tradition of healing that integrates the philosophy and practices of the Buddhist path. Through Segyu Rinpoche, Juniper works to pass the knowledge and methods of its lineage to others in a manner that propagates those methods in a secular form.
Location.
Juniper is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization located in Redwood City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="30998718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998718" title="Maren Lundby">
Maren Lundby

Maren Lundby (born 7 September 1994) is a Norwegian ski jumper, who represents the club Kolbukameratene IL.
She made her debut in the Continental Cup, the highest level in women's ski jumping, on 12 August 2007 with a 56th place in Bischofsgruen. She has finished among the top 10 three times.
On 6 September 2010, she made the first jump when the new Midtstubakken in Oslo was opened. She landed on 87 meters.
She is selected to compete for Norway in the 2011 World Championship in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="30998723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998723" title="Alectryon coriaceus">
Alectryon coriaceus

Alectryon coriaceus, known as the Beach Bird's Eye, or Beach Alectryon is a rainforest tree of the Soapberry family family found in eastern Australia. The specific epithet "coriaceus" refers to the leathery thick leaves. Leaflets are 4 to 12 cm long, and 2 to 7 cm wide.
A small tree up to 11 metres in height. Only found growing near the sea from as far south as Newcastle, New South Wales to Maryborough, Queensland. Greenish yellow flowers have tiny petals, and form in December. This tree features typical red and black fruit of this genus, maturing from March to July.

</doc>
<doc id="30998737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998737" title="CMT Most Wanted Volume 1">
CMT Most Wanted Volume 1

CMT Most Wanted Volume 1 is a country music compilation album. Released on September 16, 2003 by Capitol Records, it includes fifteen country singles from 1999 to 2003. The album peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30998742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998742" title="Mal Waldron Plays the Blues">
Mal Waldron Plays the Blues

Mal Waldron Plays the Blues is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Munich in 1971 and released on the Enja label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "The three Waldron and two Woode compositions generally have their own personalities (although none became standards) and serve as excellent showcases for Waldron's repetitive and percussive style. A fine effort". 

</doc>
<doc id="30998772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998772" title="Broken (Slaughter novel)">
Broken (Slaughter novel)

Broken is the seventh book in the Grant County series by author Karin Slaughter. It was originally released in hardback in June 2010. The previous books in the series are "Blindsighted, Kisscut, A Faint Cold Fear, Indelible, Faithless" and "Beyond Reach".
These books feature the characters Sara Linton, Will Trent, and Lena Adams. The audio book version is narrated by Natalie Ross.
Plot summary.
Broken begins with the murder of college student Allison Spooner. When the body is pulled from frigid Lake Grant, detective Lena Adams and her oft drunk boss, interim Chief of Police Frank Wallace, follow a trail that leads to the suicide of the prime suspect, Tommy Braham, in his jail cell. The suicide spurs the involvement of Dr. Sara Linton, back in town for Thanksgiving with her family. Still incredibly angry with Lena over her role in Sara's husband's death, and convinced Lena's callous and reckless behavior has led to the possibly innocent suspect's death, Sara calls in back-up from the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. Upon arriving in town, Agent Will Trent immediately meets with resistance from the Grant County Police Department. Despite the roadblocks, he unveils serious errors and deliberate cover-ups in the investigation, perpetrated mainly by Frank Wallace. Soon after, Allison's boyfriend Jason is brutally killed in his dorm room. This definitively points to a murderer still on the loose, clearing Tommy Braham of any lingering suspicion. After discovering a secret link between all three victims, Will and Sara must pull all the pieces together in time to track down the killer.

</doc>
<doc id="30998786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998786" title="List of Statutes of New Zealand (1912–28)">
List of Statutes of New Zealand (1912–28)

This is part of a list of Statutes of New Zealand for the period of the Reform Government of New Zealand up to and including part of the first year of the United Government of New Zealand.
1900s.
1912 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1912.html].
Plus 49 Acts amended
1913 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1913.html].
Plus 53 Acts amended
1914 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1914.html].
Plus 54 Acts amended and 1 Act repealed.
1915 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1915.html].
Plus 62 Acts amended
1916 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1916.html].
Plus 13 Acts amended
1917 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1917.html].
Plus 17 Acts amended
1918 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1918.html].
Plus 13 Acts amended
1919 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1919.html].
Plus 35 Acts amended
1920s.
1920 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1920.html].
Plus 66 Acts amended
1921 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1921.html].
Plus 49 Acts amended
1922 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1922.html].
Plus 50 Acts amended
1923 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1923.html].
Plus 35 Acts amended
1924 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1924.html].
Plus 45 Acts amended
1925 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1925.html].
Plus 29 Acts amended
1926 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1926.html].
Plus 56 Acts amended
1927 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1927.html].
Plus 44 Acts amended
1928 [http://www.nzlii.org/nz/legis/hist_act/toc-1928.html].
Plus 27 Acts amended
See also.
The above list may not be current and will contain errors and omissions. For more accurate information try:

</doc>
<doc id="30998792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998792" title="Gyda Enger">
Gyda Enger

Gyda Enger (born 14 January 1993) is a Norwegian ski jumper, who represents the club Hernes IL.
She made her debut in the Continental Cup, the highest level in women's ski jumping, on 8 March 2006 with a 19th place in Vaaler. She has finished among the top 10 five times.
15 years old in 2008, she was selected for the first Norwegian national team to compete in a World Championship, together with Anette Sagen, Line Jahr and Silje Sprakehaug.
She represented Norway at the 2011 World Championship in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="30998825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998825" title="Akmal Shorakhmedov">
Akmal Shorakhmedov

Akmal Shorahmedov (), (born 10 May 1986) is an Uzbekistani professional footballer who currently plays for Bunyodkor. He plays as a defender.
Career.
On 24 February 2011 Bunyodkors site presented and announced Akmal Shorahmedov as Bunyodkor's player for Season 2011.
In the 4th Round of qualification for world cup Brazil against Korea Republic he made an own goal 

</doc>
<doc id="30998841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998841" title="Hossein Eslambolchi">
Hossein Eslambolchi

Hossein Eslambolchi is an Iranian-American innovator, engineer, inventor and author, best known for his prominent role in AT&T. He joined AT&T Bell Laboratories in 1985, and rose to become, in 2005, both Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer of the company. He became an Officer of the company in 2003, as well as a member of AT&T's governing Executive Committee and became AT&T Chief Technology Officer, AT&T Chief Information Officer, President and CEO of AT&T Labs and President and CEO of AT&T Global Network Operations. He left AT&T soon after its takeover by SBC in 2006.
He is currently Chairman and CEO of 2020 Venture Partners LLC and CyberFlow Analytics.
AT&T Years.
Dr. Eslambolchi joined AT&T Bell Laboratories in 1986 and was soon appointed global Chief Technology Officer, global Chief Information Officer, President and CEO of AT&T Labs and President and CEO of AT&T Global Network Services and was a 16B officer of the company beginning in 2001. He also served as a critical member of AT&T's governing Executive Committee. As CTO of AT&T he developed and executed a comprehensive four-stage strategy that included Enterprise Customer Service, Network Transformation, Service Transformation and Cultural Transformation, all in a span of just three years. Essentially, he initiated and instigated the overhaul and remodeling of the company dubbed the "new AT&T" by SBC. The New York Times called him "the technological strategist behind AT&T's ambitious turnaround plan to become a data transmission company selling an array of software products like network security systems," (01/22/2005). He predicted and advocated an architecture that would allow all services to run on IP and work together with connectivity to any device and advised top leaders accordingly on the formulation and implementation of his strategic technologic vision. He left AT&T soon after its merger with SBC in January 2006. Upon his departure, BusinessWeek called him "a critical player in maintaining AT&T's status as a technology leader" (12/2005) and noted that he is "a bold, but pragmatic, visionary."
Dr. Eslambolchi served as Chief Technology Officer and advised AT&T's top leaders on the formulation and implementation of a strategic technology vision from 2001 to 2005. Early on, he predicted that IP would "eat everything" and advocated an MPLS architecture based on Ethernet being the layer 2 backbone that would allow all services to run on IP and work together with connectivity to any device, in any place using Location Based Services. In addition, his significant service ideas regarding routers, security, hosting, cloud computing, virtualization and collaboration were implemented to increase company revenue as much as $5B. He worked tirelessly with Sales, Marketing and Product Management to implement his ideas in support of customer needs in both the enterprise and consumers' market. The New York Times credited Dr. Eslambolchi as "the technological strategist behind AT&T's ambitious turnaround plan to become a data transmission company selling an array of software products like network security systems," (01/2005).
In addition to serving as CTO of AT&T, Dr. Eslambolchi was also President of AT&T's Global Networking Technology Services, President and CEO of AT&T Labs and Chief Information Officer, giving him end-to-end responsibility for implementing the company's technology and operational vision of the 21st century. As President and CEO of AT&T Labs, he led a team of some of the world's best scientists and engineers in developing an architecture that transformed AT&T's legacy voice and data networks into a converged IP/MPLS network that now reaches all major business centers around the globe.
Dr. Eslambolchi designed a state-of-the-art architecture called Service Over IP in which all legacy services can migrate over new architecture at the lowest cost, highest capability and lowest cycle time. He developed several patents for product managers and sales groups across enterprise and consumer markets to be able enhance revenue stream using this MPLS architecture. As CTO, he led the company strategy and direction for new innovative services around call center application, e-collaboration and virtualization in both wireline and wireless infrastructures. Dr. Eslambolchi, in a very short period of time helped transform AT&T from being perceived as ports and pipes into a single global wireless company using state-of-the-art technologies and advised the AT&T Board of Directors on which access technologies to invest in for the future success of the company.
As President of Global Network Services, Dr. Eslambolchi was responsibility for the design, development, engineering, operations and reliability of AT&T's global network, as well as for its Global Network Operations Center (GNOC) – AT&T's networking nerve center. Dr. Eslambolchi was the main architect, engineer and implementer of this new GNOC, which came to fruition in 18 months. He oversaw and managed several tens of thousands of employees in both engineering and operations divisions of AT&T Corporation.
As Chief Information and Investment Officer, he provided the leadership that reengineered AT&T's underlying information technology (IT) infrastructures with his unique Concept of One and Concept of Zero business processes. While moving AT&T's legacy networks onto an IP/MPLS platform, he also directed the convergence of the operating support and customer service systems underlying the network, making AT&T the lowest-cost major carrier. This also improved cycle times and allowed customers unprecedented access to the network that permits them to monitor and control their services. More can be found on his superb innovation at www.2020vp.com. He also managed over $14B in Capex and $20B annually in operating expense for AT&T.
Life and work.
Dr. Eslambolchi graduated with highest honors from the University of California, San Diego, earning BS, MS, Ph. D and Post Doc degrees in Electrical Engineering and Applied Physics. From 2005 through 2013, he served on the Board of Directors for Clearwire. He currently serves on the Board of Trustees for SUSMA and technical advisor to the University of California School of Engineering where he started the CNS center for bringing together various engineering including nano- and bio-engineering fields.

</doc>
<doc id="30998892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998892" title="Night Work (film)">
Night Work (film)

Night Work is a 1939 American film starring Mary Boland, Charles Ruggles, Billy Lee, and Donald O'Connor. The film was a bit of a sequel to the earlier film of the year "Boy Trouble", considering it had the same characters and actors. But "Boy Trouble" was a very serious drama, while "Night Work" was a comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="30998895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998895" title="Signals (Mal Waldron album)">
Signals (Mal Waldron album)

Signals is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring performances recorded in Baarn, Holland in 1971 and released on the Freedom label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "this set features a solo outing by Waldron that fully displays his continually evolving style. He had moved away from his earlier Thelonious Monk influence to an extent and developed his own brooding style which made expert use of repetition. Waldron's four originals give him plenty of opportunity to stretch out". 

</doc>
<doc id="30998920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998920" title="2011–12 Carolina Hurricanes season">
2011–12 Carolina Hurricanes season

The 2011–12 Carolina Hurricanes season was the 40th season for the franchise, 33rd in the National Hockey League dating back to June 22, 1979, and 15th season since the franchise relocated to North Carolina to start the 1997–98 NHL season.
The Hurricanes failed to qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs for the third straight year. The last time the team made the trip to the post-season was in the 2008–09 NHL season.
Regular Season.
On November 28, 2011, the Hurricanes replaced head coach Paul Maurice with Kirk Muller.
Playoffs.
The Hurricanes failed to qualify for the 2012 NHL Playoffs.
Player statistics.
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; SV= Saves; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Hurricanes. Stats reflect time with Hurricanes only.
‡Traded mid-season
Bold/italics denotes franchise record 
Final roster.
Updated March 29, 2012.<br>
Transactions.
The Hurricanes have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Draft picks.
The 2011 NHL Entry Draft was held in St. Paul, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="30998925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998925" title="İnlice, Fethiye">
İnlice, Fethiye

İnlice is a village in the Fethiye district of Muğla Province of southwestern Turkey.
Geography.
İnlice is located next to the village of Göcek in Muğla, on the road to Fethiye.

</doc>
<doc id="30998974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998974" title="Death of a Champion">
Death of a Champion

Death of a Champion is a 1939 American film starring Lynne Overman, Virginia Dale, Joseph Allen, and Donald O'Connor.
Its plot concerns an effort by detectives to discover who killed a famous show dog. The film also stars Robert Paige, who went on to be in three more films with O'Connor.

</doc>
<doc id="30998994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998994" title="Joan Muñoz">
Joan Muñoz

Joan Manuel Muñoz Melgarejo (, born 20 April 1989) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for the Primera División club Unión San Felipe as a left midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="30998997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30998997" title="Calcutt">
Calcutt

Calcutt as a place may refer to:
Calcutt as a surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30999002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999002" title="Anvar Gafurov">
Anvar Gafurov

Anvar Gafurov (uz: Анвар Ғофуров),born 14 May 1982, is an Uzbekistani professional footballer who currently plays for FC Bunyodkor. He plays as a defender.
Career.
Anvar Gafurov plays for FC Bunyodkor since 2009 after move from Mash'al Mubarek.

</doc>
<doc id="30999006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999006" title="Product Miniature Company">
Product Miniature Company

Product Miniature Company, or known by the acronym PMC, was a company that manufactured various pre-assembled plastic promotional models, banks and toys in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was started by brothers William Edward "Ed" and Paul Ford in 1946 and ended car model production about 1965. In 1958 or 1959 the company moved to Pewaukee, west of Milwaukee and remains there to this day, but now not normally producing toy or promotional cars (Timm 2010 Product Miniature page).
A first in plastic.
In the late 1940s and early 1950s, PMCs main rivals in promotional vehicle models were Banthrico, National Products, AMT, SMP, and Jo-Han. PMC's vehicle products were called "Tru Miniatures".
PMC introduced its first models about 1947, around the same time as Ideal Models, which later changed its name to Jo-Han. Though Banthrico and the similar National Products models were metal, PMC, along with Jo-Han, were the first promotional companies to introduce plastic models to dealerships, both beating AMT by a year or so. Models were first molded in cellulose acetate, which tended to warp over time. Among automotive promotional model makers, PMC and SMP were the only promotional companies that produced nearly all of their products through the lives of their companies (the 1950s) in warping plastic, as they were largely defunct by the time non-warping styrene was introduced. In the early 1960s, PMC did produce some commercial toys in styrene. 
PMC's Chevrolet products, like Banthrico, were in the form of banks. Many bank models had the inscription on the bottom "To help save for a rainy day, or to buy a new Chevrolet" (Hover 2010). Banthrico and PMC set the stage for future manufacturers like AMT and Jo-Han, producing almost exclusively in 1:25 scale, though a few Chevrolets and Plymouths, like the 1953 Chevrolet Handyman and the early Plymouth Suburban, were produced in a larger 1:20th scale (Hover 2010).
Main clients.
International Harvester was a regular client throughout PMC's existence with trucks models produced as late as 1957. PMC regularly worked with GM, specifically Chevrolet, while AMT cornered most Ford products, and Jo-Han most Chrysler products. Yet PMC did make 1955–1959 Ford Country Station wagons (and the 1959 Ranchero). The 1959 Fords were one of PMC's last promotional offerings.
Apart from products for the Big Three, the company also made a few promotionals for independent companies, like a 1952–1953 bathtub Nash, and a couple of Trailways buses. The latter include a GMC model 4102 or 4103 marketed by Ideal and issued in about 1952. It had an opening passenger door and changeable destination sign. Later, a larger Trailways Thru-Liner bus with opening side panels and removable luggage was also produced (Timm 2010 'Miscellaneous' page and PC Literature page 5). In addition were Oscar Meyer Weinermobiles in 1954, 1992, and 1996 variations. The 1990s versions extend far beyond the time that PMC usually made vehicles at all (Timm 2010, Photo Gallery Weinermobiles). GM offerings in the late 1950s spilled over to European Opel, when the Rekord was made for 1959 (and beyond in commercial styrene form). They even made a Volkswagen Beetle in the late 1950s and early 1960s, but it was unlikely the bug was actually a promotional for German VW.
International Harvester.
PMC regularly offered International Harvester trucks, mainly pickups. A 1947 International pickup truck may have been the first PMC model offered, and one of the first plastic promotional models, period (Hover 2010). It was made slightly larger than the normal 1:25 scale. Some reproductions of IH's brand of Farmall tractors were also offered as promotionals, some hauling a McCormick-Deering trailer (Timm 2010, PMC Farm Tractors page). An International TD-24 bulldozer was made in a promo/toy version and also in remote control. Several Diamond-T semi tractor-trailer trucks (Diamond-T had been purchased by International) were also made, one in Mayflower livery (Timm 2010, PMC Gallery Diamond T). 
PMC's early International models were usually molded in bright yellows, oranges, reds, and sky blues and were toy-like, but very attractive. Many of these were not promotional models, exactly, rather display models for the showroom. Some 1951 trucks can be found with a hole in the roof and chassis where a metal display post passed through the vehicle. Besides a pickup truck, the 1951 line featured a larger dumper/flatbed truck, a flatbed stake truck, and a moving truck. The 1955, 1956 and 1957 pickups show a decade long PMC relationship with IH. The 1955 International pickup was later offered by Canadian Kempro, of London, Ontario (Hover 2011).
In the 1990s, the Slivka brothers, Tony and Bill, contacted the Ford brothers about machining for older model cars. They were able to purchase the 1956 International Triple Diamond pickup dies just before the company was going to scrap the casting equipment. Several of these were produced by the Slivkas as Triple Diamond Replicas out of Des Plaines, Illinois (Timm 2010, PMC Gallery-S-100 pickups). These two-tone replicas carried IH logos on their doors and were very professional looking. In addition, they were now molded in non-warping plastic (Doty 2011, pp. 88-89.) 
One of the more unique International promotionals was the boxy Metro delivery van which International made from 1948 to about 1959. PMC's Metro appears to have been made in the later 1950s, and was one of the company's last promotional offerings. It had an opening rear door which slid outward from the rear of the van, revealing storage space inside. This model was offered in a common light yellow, a purple, and a less common lime green. The PMC offering was often packaged in a toy-like plastic bag stapled to a cardboard hanging card. One recent eBay offering of the Metro in original packaging was being sold for $200.00.
Plymouths in 1:20 scale.
PMC offered Plymouth Cranbrook and Suburban models from 1950 through 1954. The 1950 and 1951 Cranbrooks were not offered with friction motors ("called coasters") while the Suburban wagon was (Doty 2000, pp. 88-89). Most of these were done in a larger 1:20 scale of about 9 inches long. The Suburban came with some interesting details including an opening rear tailgate. The 1954 Suburban was offered in a red ambulance version with gold lettering on the sides, while the Cranbrook sedan also appeared in a yellow taxi variation.
The Plymouths were not as promotionally sophisticated at PMC's Chevys. Though the models were handsome, original manufacturers' paints were not applied, there were no interiors, and the molding and detail were not as precise. For, example, the car's bumpers were a part of the overall body molding. Perhaps the Plymouths represent a natural blend in product ideology between the more toy-like IH offerings and the serious promoting that was to come with Chevrolet.
Practical Chevrolets.
In the early 1950s, Chevrolet became PMC's bread and butter client. At this time, PMC turned more serious in the promotional business, as Chevrolet demanded more precision in detail and application of actual company paints on its models - thus the toy-like colors and appearance of the International trucks was abandoned. PMC offered Chevrolet models from 1951 through 1958.
The first Chevys offered in 1951 were in regular sedan as well as 'fastback' Fleetline versions. Previous to this, National Products and Banthrico had offered Chevy models (Automotive News 1949). The first Bel Airs were offered in 1953; a 4-door sedan and convertibles in several colors. A more basic smooth sided '53 Chevrolet 150 sedan was also offered (Clarence Young Autohobby). 1954 brought similar offerings. At least on Chevy, the '55 sedan was offered in remote control form. 
The 150 sedan shows an interesting trend in promotional offerings when comparing the early 1950s with the early 1960s. The pre-performance, post-war era of practicality in the early 1950s gave emphasis to more economical sedans, so it is notable that early promotional model makers commonly molded vehicles in 4-door configurations even in the most basic models available. Four-door Bel Airs were offered by PMC all the way up to 1958, one available with police decor. It is interesting that PMC also did a 1958 Chevrolet in two-door style, reinforcing the trend that by about 1960 most promotional makers only modeled sportier and more powerful 2-door coupes and hardtops. This was in line with the newer era of a stronger economy, more affluent clientele and the onset of the new baby-boomer driver's market.
America's first sports car, the 1954 Corvette, was made by PMC. It was produced with a removable sports hardtop (Timm 2010, PMC literature, page 8). Later Corvettes, up through at least 1958, were also offered. The 1958 Chevy smooth-sided Cameo pickup truck was another PMC model.
Ford heritage - PMC's last promos.
Ford wagons were offered from 1955 through 1959. The '55 was offered as a 'Red Cross Ambulance' (Timm 2010, PMC Literature, page 7). Normally the promo versions were painted and had green tinted windows while retail versions lacked the paint and went windowless (Doty 2011, 87). PMC's last promotionals were 1959 Fords in a slightly larger scale about 1:20; the Ranchero and Country Sedan wagon (AMT had the two-door hardtops and convertibles). PMC's late 1950s Ford Motor Company offerings were not limited to the Ford brand - the company also produced the 1959 Mercury Park Lane convertible in promotional and retail form. Most of the PMC Ford models were done in two-tone red and white or green and white paint. Models had complete interiors. After 1959, PMC sold these models in a simplified retail form, without interiors and greatly simplified wheels. Some of the retail 1959 PMC Fords were made in 2-tone colors, but most were cast in a solid turquoise or red. The retail models are discussed more below.
In the early 1960s, the toy company Korris Kars offered a '59 Ranchero and Country wagon in a less detailed softer and more flexible polyurethane plastic. At first glance it appears to be a reworking of the PMC casting, but it is not. They were done in 1:25 scale, and did not have a metal chassis, rather one entire body casting to which axles were directly attached. As such, they had crude interiors, once again, as part of the whole body casting. The black plastic wheels had stick-on hubcaps. 
One can stumble upon a 1959 Ford Custom 300 2-door hardtop made by Promolite Resin Models around 2010 that might fool one into thinking this was a PMC offering. PMC, however, only made Ranchero and Country wagon versions. Promolite Resin Models made its Custom 300 body to fit a PMC chassis - so, voila!, a new old PMC !
Product Details.
Most years, PMC packaged its cars and trucks in fairly bright, colorful boxes - often with accurate illustrations of the vehicles adorning their sides. Often boxes would say "A Tru-Miniature" on the sides in large letters - possibly making some believe that was the name of the company. Most PMC models throughout the years did not have interiors, exceptions being convertibles like the 1953 Chevrolets, the Corvettes, and the 1959 Ford Ranchero and Country Sedan station wagon. Of course, early Chevy cars were banks, so a detailed interior was not offered. On the bank models, a coin trap was made in the chassis so money could be removed.
Chassis detail varied quite a bit in different models. Though more toy-like in execution, early International pickups had detailed plastic bases with engine, exhaust and suspension details clearly molded. Starting about 1954, though, most bases/chassis were made of metal, which apparently added structural strength for friction motors that started to be popular in many promotionals. For example, the 1955 Bel Air without friction motor had a chassis completely smooth and molded in plastic, while the 1954 Corvette, with "spin-torque motor" (as PMC called it), had a metal base. Though PMC offered no promotionals after 1960, other promotional model makers found the new and harder styrene plastic durable enough to support the motor. Also, plastic bases did not rust over time.
PMC Chevrolet models often came colored with actual GM colors. The name of the color would actually be stamped in white or black depending on the shade of the car (for example, "Woodland Green", "Sungold" or "Campus Cream"). The color would be printed on the center of the roof parallel with side windows (Hover 2010). In the case of the 1953 Bel Air convertible, the name was found on the center of the trunk lid, printed parallel with the bumpers. 
Tires were black rubber often with a whitewall. Early PMC wheels on IH trucks were attractive red plastic with a small metal hub. These also appeared on many Chevys. Some of the wheels were simple "moon" type style, while some of the International and Plymouth wheels were a less attractive simple white plastic hub which commonly yellowed and became brittle with time. Usually the wheels were generic and not rendered with accuracy to the real cars, but this was the 1950s. An exception appears to have been the 1959 Ford Ranchero which had realistic renderings of the car's actual hubcaps.
Retail Toys.
About 1959, PMC moved a few miles west of Milwaukee to Pewaukee. The 1959 Ford Ranchero and Country Sedan wagon and a 1959 Opel Rekord seem to have been the last promotionals offered by PMC. Since the Opel did not change much for 1960, it was carried over to the next year (Hover 2011). By 1960, however, Hubley gained contracts for plastic promos of the Ford station wagon, which it carried over through 1962, apparently pushing PMC out of the promotional business. 
After 1959, PMC's history gets fuzzy. PMC, or another caster using PMC's dies, later made simplified retail toy versions of earlier models up to as late as about 1965. Available at dime stores like G. C. Murphys, the Ranchero, Beetle, Opel, 1958 Chevrolet Cameo pickup, and probably others, were offered in a more simple style in non-warping styrene (Scale Auto Magazine 2004). They were simplified from the promo versions, with no interiors or windows and wheels were solid black styrene with or without whitewalls. The earlier of these retail versions of the Ranchero were still molded in two-tone colors, but later, solid colors were used (turquoise green or red were two choices). These were offered as either unassembled kits or assembled models, sometimes poly-bagged (Scale Auto Magazine 2004). 
It appears 1959 was a pivotal year for promotional model makers, and PMC in particular. Perhaps some of the company's decline had to do with the expense of engineering the new non-warping styrene plastic mixed with the tooling required to make the ever more popular kits that other manufacturers took up. PMC's kits were very simple and not as well known as those of AMT, SMP or Jo-Han. As a company, Jo-Han did well, but was always the lesser of the Big Three (being AMT, MPC and JoHan. Venerable maker SMP was absorbed by AMT, but PMC was several rungs down the promo ladder by 1960 and gradually weakened through the decade. 
Another blow to PMC's car production was Hubley's contract for 1960 through 1962 Ford wagons and hardtops, a niche that PMC had in 1959. Adding insult to injury, Ford dropped its full-size Ranchero model and neither did PMC get the contract for the new Falcon-based pickup. Perhaps the company's decision to exit production of promotional and car models was also due to a peripheral headquarters location in Milwaukee – away from close contact with Detroit's design offices. 
PMC, after establishing some unique niches for itself with GM and IH over a decade, diminished into retail toy markets for a few years, and then abandoned most car model production. Today known as PM Plastics the company is still headquartered in Pewaukee, Wisconsin and makes plastic trays, containers, exercise steps, ramps, and other products (though a neat pontoon plane is shown on the company website (PM Plastics website). The company president is Bill Ford (son of founder Ed) and family member Gerald Ford is sales manager (Timm 2010 Product Miniature page).

</doc>
<doc id="30999017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999017" title="Yektan Turkyilmaz">
Yektan Turkyilmaz

Yektan Türkyilmaz is a Turkish scholar of Kurdish origin associated with Duke University. Türkyilmaz, then 33, is most often cited for his June, 2005, arrest and imprisonment upon his intended departure from a research trip to Armenia. The first individual of Turkish nationality who had been granted access to the National Archives of Armenia, Türkyilmaz was also one of the small number of intellectuals of Turkish origin who had argued that Armenians as a group had been targeted for atrocities by the then Turkish government during and following 1915. His arrest, initially without charges, generated surprise and protests from circles in Turkey and also the United States, including from Richard Hovannisian of the University of California at Los Angeles, and former US Senator Bob Dole. Türkyilmaz later said that security officials who had arrested him appeared to have thought him involved in espionage, but eventually he was charged with illegally removing books and other materials, more than fifty years old, that he had openly and legally purchased in Armenia, or which had been presented to him as gifts during his research. In August, 2005, Türkyilmaz was set free with a suspended sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="30999034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999034" title="UT Bank">
UT Bank

UT Bank Ghana Limited, commonly known as UT Bank (UTB), is a commercial bank in Ghana. , the bank is one of the commercial banks licensed by Bank of Ghana, the national banking regulator.
Overview.
UTB is a medium-sized financial services provider headquartered in Ghana with subsidiaries in west Africa and Western Europe. The bank's total assets in December 2011 were valued at approximately US$378.4 million (GHS:712.9 million), with shareholders' equity of approximately US$32.5 million (GHS:61.23 million).
History.
UT Financial Services was a non-bank financial services provider (NBFI), in Ghana, which was incorporated in 1997. Over time, the NBFI acquired subsidiaries and was listed on the Ghana Stock Exchange, under its holding company, UT Holdings Limited.
In 2008, UT Holdings Limited acquired majority shareholding in a Ghanaian commercial bank called BPI Bank. The bank was re-branded as UT Bank Ghana Limited and opened for business in May 2009.
In June 2010, UT Bank and UT Financial Services Merged into one new company called UT Bank Ghana Limited. Through a reverse listing on the GSE, the new bank's shares became listed and those of UT Holdings were de-listed. Its shares trade under the symbol: UTB.
Affiliate companies.
The bank is a subsidiary of UT Holdings, which owns the following subsidiaries:
Ownership.
The shares of the bank's stock are listed on the Ghana Stock Exchange, where they trade under the symbol: UTB. The seven (7) largest shareholders in the bank are listed in the table below:
Branch network.
As of January 2014, UT Bank maintains a network of Thirty (30) interlinked branches across all regions of Ghana.
Governance.
The Chairman of the Board is Joseph Nsonamoah and the CEO is Prince Kofi Amoabeng.

</doc>
<doc id="30999036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999036" title="Nuclear Strike (Spooks)">
Nuclear Strike (Spooks)

"Nuclear Strike" is the series seven finale and 64th episode of the British espionage television series "Spooks". It was originally broadcast on BBC One on 8 December 2008. The episode was written by Neil Cross, and directed by Sam Miller. In the episode, Tiresias, the Russian equivalent of Sugarhorse, awakens a sleeper agent to detonate a nuclear suitcase bomb in central London. The Section D team use Connie James (Gemma Jones), an FSB mole who helped set up Tiresias, to help them stop the bomb. However, the team find themselves targeted by an FSB kill squad, who are unaware of the bomb threat.
The idea behind the episode came from an earlier series three episode about a series of Russian weapons caches throughout the United Kingdom set up during the Cold War. Cross also felt it gratifying to kill off Connie, a character he created in the sixth series. Filming took place during the summer of 2008, with much of it taking place in disused tunnels of the London Underground. The series seven finale was seen by six million viewers and a quarter of the television audience, a large increase of 900,000 viewers and four share points from the previous week. Critics reacted to the episode with near universal acclaim, for being a "superb season closer," "exciting" and "thrilling."
Plot.
In Faversham, Kent, Walter Crane (Kevin Fuller) receives the message "rain from heaven" in Russian from a numbers station. Upon hearing this, Crane unburies a cache. Section D, having heard "Tiresias wakes 3 pm tomorrow" the previous episode, work on what the message means. Lucas North (Richard Armitage) and Harry Pearce (Peter Firth) discover Tiresias is the Russian equivalent of Sugarhorse, but "bigger and better;" while Sugarhorse placed pro-western Russians to infiltrate its government, Tiresias does the opposite; recruit spies to infiltrate the British Government. Ros Myers (Hermione Norris) believes Connie James (Gemma Jones), a mole from the FSB, might know what Tiresias is planning. Ros and Lucas release Connie from custody by posing as masked Russian agents. Later, it is revealed that FSB officers have been assigned to assassinate her. FSB head Viktor Sarkisiian (Peter Sullivan) orders a kill squad to search every MI5 safehouse, provided by Connie, to kill her and the Section D team who are harbouring her.
At the safe house "Ottawa Bravo", Connie reveals she helped set up Tiresias over two decades ago and will give all sleeper agents and operations in exchange for safe passage to New Zealand. After listening to the numbers station broadcast, she reveals Tiresias has awakened a sleeper agent to a specific task; detonating a nuclear suitcase bomb in central London by 3 pm. The only way to know where it would detonate is a locker at London Bridge station, which contain all Tiresias members and codes. When they start their journey however, they encounter the kill squad. They and Lucas engage in a shootout, and after evading them, the team decide to split up and regroup in Catherine Wheel Alley, while Harry returns to Thames House.
After returning, Harry warns Home Secretary Nicholas Blake (Robert Glenister) of the threat and tells him that if he receives a call from MI5 at 2:45 pm, he should order the evacuation of Parliament. Lucas, Ros and Connie regroup and head towards a London Underground station, but Lucas is wounded by a sniper; though not seriously wounded, the kill squad could follow Lucas' blood trail. To slow them down, Lucas sets up rudimentary traps and the three venture through empty tunnels towards the station. Later, the kill squad send in a runner to find the three; Lucas is able to trip and kill him. Back in Thames House, Harry believes the FSB are not aware of the bomb threat, and decides to meet with Sarkisiian face-to-face. In order to get there alive, Harry uses the emergency "handshake protocols" and reasons with Sarkisiian that he would turn himself into the FSB if he stops the kill squad. Meanwhile, Lucas attempts to draw off the squad by splitting up, but at the confrontation, his gun jams and is cornered. Before he can be killed, Sarkisiian calls the team off and orders them to help stop the bomb.
Ros and Connie find the locker with the bomber's name and location, Grosvenor Square. An FSB sniper kills Crane, and at Connie's request, the bomb is sent to her, as she is the only person with the expertise to disarm it. Connie defuses the bomb, but by doing so a secondary countdown is initiated. She removes the nuclear material, but the bomb will still detonate. In her last words, Connie admits that she set up Lucas in Moscow eight years ago, which resulted in his imprisonment. Lucas and Ros then run to safety as the bomb detonates, killing Connie. With disaster averted, Lucas calls Harry, but receives no answer. In the end, it is revealed Sarkisiian has him locked up in the boot of his car.
Production.
Writing.
The episode was written by Neil Cross. Before he started writing Cross did not know Connie was the mole from the previous episode, so he included it to help with the storyline. The character was originally intended to be killed by the end of the last episode, but Cross kept her alive until the end of the finale. He wanted her killed off at this episode, as he was the one who created Connie in the sixth series, and felt it gratifying to kill off a character he created. In writing the plot, Cross was inspired by the Rupert Walters script for "Frequently Asked Questions" from the third series, which revealed a series of weapons caches throughout the United Kingdom set up by the Russians during the Cold War; Cross wanted to use that as a way to introduce the nuclear suitcase bomb. The bombs design from the episode was based from actual designs, but invented its failsafes.
The producers also intended to tease the audience that after the brutal killing of Ben Kaplan (Alex Lanipekun) from the previous episode, they would think that things could not get worse for the team, until the nuclear threat in the finale. The scene where the team breaks Connie out was intended to show the audience that the protagonists are willing to go to extreme measures to stop serious threats. Cross wanted to make it a very pure "Spooks" episode by setting up the entire plot in one scene, and then include a chase throughout London between FSB officers and the main characters. Cross enjoyed creating the FSB team featured in the episode, especially as he created them as a Russian version of the "Spooks" protagonists, but also make their base much more lit with windows. The bomb defusal scene was originally set at a graveyard, but the producers decided it would be best to set it underground. Though it took several rewrites, the script remained "fundamentally the same" throughout the writing process.
The part where Connie asks for safe passage to New Zealand was a "sly personal reference" to Cross, as the writer himself resides in the country. In one scene, Lucas can be seen breaking into a car and getting his hands on various items that would be useful to help set up traps against the FSB officers. Throughout the episode's development, the items kept changing. There were also staff discussions about what they could get away with in terms of the protagonists killing FSB officers. The most prominent discussions included Harry strangling one officer with his necktie, and Lucas shooting another in the head in cold blood despite being unarmed and subdued.
Casting.
Kevin Fuller was cast as Walter Crane, the man with the bomb. The character did not say a word throughout the entirety of the episode, yet had such a strong presence, which the producers felt was unique for a guest star in the series. Fuller did "a lot of getting into the part," director Sam Miller felt that Fuller was one of the most influential actors he ever worked with. Elsewhere, Peter Sullivan, who plays Sarkisiian, never spoke Russian before. Since most of his dialogue would be in Russian, Sullivan was trained how to speak it phonetically before he would play the part.
Filming.
The episode was filmed sometime during Summer 2008. Miller wanted to style the filming as if the cameras are following the team like in a documentary. The first day was spent in the "Ottawa Bravo" safe house set, where Connie reveals the threat. Throughout the shoot, Gemma Jones had hip problems. Concerned, the producers set up a body double on hand. However, Jones insisted she could do everything herself, and in the end the double was not used. During the first shootout scene in the episode, Miller wanted to make the sequence as real as possible by having the camera film as if it was under attack. Richard Armitage recalled the shootout sequence; "There was a shoot-out in the final episode where I surprised myself about the amount of rounds I could pull off and how quickly. It's a weird thing. I'm not a violent person but when you put a gun in somebody's hands something strange happens. It's like a little animal comes out of you that wants to fire the gun again."
Filming did face some disruptions. The sequence where Lucas breaks into a car for some supplies was filmed at a street near Hyde Park. On one end of the street was an event in the park, while on the other end a wedding took place. Elsewhere, Fuller carried a mock-suitcase bomb to film in Grosvenor Square. However, because the American Embassy is situated next to the square, shortly after Fuller and the filming crew arrived, they found themselves surrounded by five armed American security officers who believed Fuller was about to commit an attack. Fortunately, location manager Patrick Stuart was able to "sweet-talk" the American officials, and they were allowed to film in the area.
Five days of filming were spent at the London Underground tunnels. Filming took place on actual tube tunnels, albeit disused ones. As the crew were scouting the disused Aldwych tunnels, they found the ex-Northern line 1972 stock train stabled in the tunnel for maintenance, training, and filming purposes. When Sam Miller called Cross about the development, the writer included it as a last minute addition to the script, and the sequence was shot the next day. As a way to scare the audience, Cross included a homeless woman living in the train. The filming crew present disliked filming the Underground sequences because while filmed during the summer, it became hot locations to work in. The crew were prohibited from bringing food or drink into the tunnels, as it would attract rats. Furthermore, break times had to be longer than usual because it would take a while for a crew member to leave the tunnels, have a break and then return. The FSB base was filmed in the London Docklands, near the ExCeL London.
Cultural references.
Though the series in general does not note many cultural references, Neil Cross decided to include some into this particular episode. The phrases "rain from heaven" and "it is twice blest" from the numbers station was taken from "The Quality of Mercy" speech from the William Shakespeare play "The Merchant of Venice". The speech begins; "The quality of mercy is not strain'd, it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven. Upon the place beneath: it is twice blest; it blesseth him that gives and him that takes..." Later in the episode, Lucas tells Connie about Bridget Driscoll, the first person in the United Kingdom to be run over and killed by a car, which, while big news back in her time, becomes forgotten over time and is now only "a single moment," much like Connie's contributions to her country during the Cold War. When Jo asks Malcolm to evacuate his mother, he explains she is busy watching "A Place in the Sun", a television programme about Britons buying property abroad, followed by "Countdown", a game show on Channel 4.
Broadcast and reception.
The episode was originally broadcast on BBC One, during the 9 pm to 10 pm time slot on Monday, 8 December 2008. However, it was held back to 10:40 pm in Northern Ireland, and did not broadcast in Scotland on the day all together. The finale attracted 6 million viewers on its original broadcast, earning a 25% audience share. Ratings were up by 900,000 viewers and four share points from the previous episode which aired against "I'm a Celebrity, Get, Me Out of Here!" on ITV1. On the next week, the "Spooks" finale beat "Taggart" on ITV1 in the same time slot. "Nuclear Strike" ended being the ninth most seen broadcast on BBC One, and the 24th most seen broadcast overall the week it aired.
The episode attracted near universal acclaim. The "Spooks" producers regard "Nuclear Strike" as one of their favourites in the series. Sam Wollaston of "The Guardian" reacted positively to the episode, stating "it's nice to see MI5 locking horns with the Russians again. Maybe the Spooks people just got bored with Islamic terrorism, so they did what they had to do: they restarted the cold war. A bold move, but an admirable one." Gerard O'Donovan of "The Daily Telegraph" placed the episode as a "critic's choice," calling it a "superb season closer," and "all terrifically exciting." O'Donovan also said of the episode's settings; "the streets and Underground tunnels of London have rarely been used to such climactic effect – with great performances from everyone involved." He also complimented it for setting up a "great cliffhanger ending that will leave fans absolutely gagging for the next series."
Andrew Billen of "The Times" however, felt the finale was "not very exciting episode," and "conducted with a minimum of acting." Mof Gimmers of "TV Scoop" praised the episode, saying "Neil Cross knows a thing or two about ratcheting up the tension, and in the finale of the seventh series of Spooks he used both of them. And then, from somewhere, he found a third thing. And a fourth," and "pressure piled on pressure relentlessly throughout this brilliant finale as each new success only led to the next, even bigger problem." Gimmers called the chase sequence in the episode "one of the most thrilling traditional chase sequences ever seen on British TV," the interplay between the characters "was handled expertly," and ended with "already I can't wait for the next series!"

</doc>
<doc id="30999038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999038" title="Louis G. Destremps">
Louis G. Destremps

Early life and architectural training.
Destremps, was born in Montreal, Canada, May 9, 1851. He received his early educational training in his native city. In 1870, he came with his parents to Pittsfield, Massachusetts, remaining there six months, when they moved to Woonsocket, Rhode Island. In 1872, his parents returned to Canada and Louis came to Fall River, where he worked as a carpenter. In 1875, when a great fire occurred at St. John's, Canada, he went there and followed his trade until 1881, when he went to New York to study architecture at Sixth Avenue High School, from which he graduated, completing the 4-year course.
In 1874, Destremps married Celina Mayer of Fall River. Together they had six children, including Louis E. Destremps who would later follow his father's profession and establish his own practice in the New Bedford area.
Architectural practice.
In 1885, Destremps moved to Fall River and set up his architectural firm. Between 1888 and 1889, he relocated temporarily to Newport, Rhode Island, where he was architect for the State Agricultural College at Kingston, Rhode Island. In later years he would design many notable structures in Fall River.
Destremps was frequently employed as supervising architect for the work of other architects, including Napoléon Bourassa and Joseph Venne. His own masterpiece, Notre Dame De Lourdes Church in Fall River, Massachusetts was destroyed in a 4-alarm fire in 1982. The event was reported in the news media throughout New England.

</doc>
<doc id="30999052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999052" title="Battle of Misrata">
Battle of Misrata

The Battle of Misrata (), also known as the Siege of Misrata, was a battle of the 2011 Libyan civil war. It was fought between troops loyal to the government of Muammar Gaddafi, and anti-Gaddafi rebels who held Misrata, the third largest city in Libya. Following the initial stages of the uprising, the Libyan government took back most towns in the west of the country, leaving Misrata the only major city under rebel control in Tripolitania. The city soon became the site of one of the war's major battles. The suffering of Misrata's citizens gained worldwide attention. The intensity of fighting, and its importance both strategic and symbolic, earned the battle notice as 'Libya's Stalingrad'. During the siege, the city saw very heavy fighting, came under daily assaults and shelling, and was at times cut off from its seaport, leaving no escape route for Misrata's inhabitants. Following UN military intervention in the civil war, NATO declared that breaking the encirclement of the city was its top priority. It ranks as one of the longest and bloodiest battles of the entire war. In late April and early May, rebel counterattacks successfully retook the city, culminating in the fall of the airport and nearby military airbase on 11 May.
The battle.
Rebels capture the city; battle at the air base.
Anti-government demonstrators numbering a few dozen began staging protests on 17 February (other reports indicate 19 February). Several protesters were arrested, triggering larger protests, which government forces responded to by opening fire on demonstrators. These confrontations soon escalated into general armed violence. By 23 February, the opposition had driven government forces out of Misrata, and were in full control of the city. Six to 14 protesters were killed in the clashes, and another 200 wounded.
On 24 February, Gaddafi loyalists armed with rocket-propelled grenades and mortars fired at a group of opposition fighters guarding the airport. As the fighting began, officers from an air force school near the airport mutinied and helped the opposition attack an adjacent military air base. The officers then disabled fighter jets at the base to prevent them from being used against the uprising. The rebels also used a captured ZPU-4 anti-aircraft gun against the loyalists.
On the evening of the second day of the battle, Gaddafi's forces, supported by tanks, succeeded in retaking part of the military air base. Fighting at the base continued until after midnight, leaving 22 dead. At least one loyalist tank was destroyed during the two days of fighting at the airport.
On 28 February, it was reported that opposition forces had shot down and captured the crew of a government helicopter which had been attacking the rebel-held radio station. Also, a new attempt by government troops to advance on the air base was repelled by opposition fighters. No casualties occurred during the fighting, although eight loyalist soldiers were captured.
On 3 March, two Libyan Red Crescent medics were wounded by loyalist fire while trying to retrieve the body of a man killed near a government base three days earlier. It was reported that the rebels were running low on food and ammunition, and that government troops had secured the air base and the military air academy on the outskirts of Misrata.
Rebel ambush in the city center.
6 March
On 6 March, pro-Gaddafi forces attempted to retake Misrata, and sent soldiers supported by seven tanks and 25 technicals into the city. The rebels allowed the government forces to enter the city, so that they could be surrounded and captured. Three tanks penetrated to the city center and became trapped as fighting began.
According to local witnesses, the rebels fended off the attack, with twenty-one rebels and civilians killed, including a 3-year-old boy. Twenty-two of Gaddafi's soldiers were reported killed, and another 20 captured.
Khamis Brigade arrives; inter-loyalist fighting.
12–13 March
On 12 March a new government attack got underway, and loyalist forces were reported to be 10–15 kilometers from the city center. The attack was led by the Khamis Brigade, which had won the First Battle of Zawiya two days earlier, but their advance came to a halt when 32 soldiers, one of them reportedly a general, broke off from the rest of the force and joined the rebels in the city.
The next day, government tanks were still advancing, fighting rebels on the outskirts of the city. Tank shells had struck inside the city, hitting a mosque and an apartment building.
Artillery and tank attacks.
On 16 March, artillery pounded Misrata as a new round of fighting commenced. The rebels claimed to have destroyed 16 loyalist tanks and captured 20 government soldiers. None of the claims were independently confirmed. Eighteen opposition members were killed and 20 wounded during the clashes, while doctors in Misrata reported that 60–80 government soldiers had been killed in the day's fighting.
On the night of 17 March, government troops began an artillery and tank attack which continued well into the next day. On 18 March a cease-fire was announced by the government, following the United Nations Security council resolution on authorisation for military intervention by foreign countries; the attack on Misrata, however, continued for at least another four hours. It was not known if this was deliberate, or if orders had simply not gotten to the troops in the city yet. By the time the cease-fire was ordered, government troops had already breached rebel defenses on the outskirts of the city and were in Misrata itself, with, according to the rebels, tanks firing randomly and troops conducting house-to-house searches for opposition fighters. Video from the city itself showed heavily damaged streets and at least six destroyed tanks and armored personnel carriers.
City is breached and fighting continues.
On the morning of 19 March, loyalist sniper and artillery fire left nine dead in the city. The same day, Tomahawk cruise missiles launched by US and British naval vessels struck a government-held air base and military academy outside the city, causing an undetermined amount of damage.
On 20 March, Gaddafi's armour drove into the city center, and heavy fighting continued throughout the day. Four loyalist tanks were seen patrolling the city.
On 21 March 40 people were reportedly killed and 300 wounded by gunfire and artillery shelling as loyalist forces attempting to clear the city of opposition forces. The city's main road, Tripoli Street, leading from the highway on the southwestern outskirts to the city center, was secured by 200 government troops supported by three tanks. The center of the city was cleared of rebel forces. During the day, unarmed rebel supporters attempted to stage a demonstration, but were fired upon as soon as they approached government troops. That night, a government spokesperson stated that the city was under control of forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi. There was no independent confirmation, and the claim was denied by an opposition spokesperson in Misrata. Video from fighting during the previous days showed six destroyed government tanks and armored personnel carriers.
On 22 March, artillery shelling and sniper fire in Misrata continued. In the earlier hours of the day, five people, including four children, were killed by an artillery round as they tried leaving their home. Gaddafi's forces concentrated around an abandoned hospital which they used as a base. Overnight, Gaddafi's forces managed to capture the main hospital in Misrata, and positioned snipers on top of it. The opposition requested a hospital ship to be sent to Misrata's port, the only part of the city still in firm rebel control, to treat the injured, as the injured no longer had a place to go.
Coalition air-strikes; tanks continue to advance.
In the early hours of 23 March, coalition forces began launching air-strikes against pro-Gaddafi forces in and around Misrata. According to witnesses, Gaddafi's forces stopped shelling the city after two NATO air-strikes. Opposition members claimed that the strikes destroyed numerous loyalist tanks near the captured hospital and on the outskirts of the city; the next day, however, witnesses confirmed that only tanks on the outskirts had been bombed, the damage being unknown, while those in the city had not been hit.
Gaddafi's forces left the main hospital, then returned in the evening with tanks and artillery weapons, and began bombarding the surrounding area. Troops were said to be advancing on the hospital where most of the opposition wounded were being treated. That night, the regime sent warships to capture Misrata's port.
The next day there were unconfirmed reports that the warships had retreated from the port, which had then been re-secured by the rebels. The same day, a Libyan Air Force Soko G-2 "Galeb" was destroyed by French fighter jets at an air base near Misrata. A French armed forces spokesman confirmed that the plane had been destroyed by an AASM air-to-ground missile just after it had landed. Rebels in Misrata also claimed to have killed 30 pro-Gaddafi snipers, and to have reached the town center.
On 25 March the city was hit by more shelling. That evening, about a dozen loyalist tanks appeared on Tripoli Street and fired on rebel positions before retreating to avoid Coalition planes. There was ongoing confusion as to whether the port had been recaptured by the rebels or was still being blocked by loyalist ships.
On 26 March, Gaddafi's forces launched a large-scale attack on Misrata, bombarding the city with mortars and tanks and allegedly sending in foreign mercenaries. Witnesses described the situation as "very, very dire". As on previous days, firing stopped and the tanks pulled back to cover when coalition planes appeared overhead. The French Ministry of Defense claimed that their fighters destroyed five G-2 Galeb ground attack jets and two Mi-35 attack helicopters at the Misrata airbase while they were preparing to take part in offensive operations against rebels in the city.
Gaddafi's forces resumed artillery, mortar, and tank shelling of the city the next day, 27 March. Nine people were reported killed and 23 wounded as loyalist troops advanced on the city from the west. In the evening, as previously, the fighting stopped so loyalist forces could avoid coalition air-strikes.
On 28 March, at noon, Gaddafi's forces began bombarding the city again. Later, a rebel source confirmed that loyalist troops had gained control of part of the city, effectively dividing Misrata into government-held and rebel-held areas. During the fighting, rebels damaged two loyalist tanks. Just before evening, international journalists arriving from Tripoli confirmed that Misrata's suburbs, including Tripoli Street, were under government control. A military officer stated that there were still about 100 rebels left, and that fighting was concentrated around the center of the town. CNN's Nic Robertson reported that the streets of Misrata were largely empty, except for about 100 pro-Gaddafi supporters demonstrating, and a strong military presence. Al Jazeera's Anita McNaught said that the furthest point in Misrata that she and other international journalists were taken to was the south side of Tripoli Street, one and a half miles from the city's center, from where gunfire could be heard. The British Ministry of Defense claimed that their planes hit and destroyed two loyalist tanks and two armored vehicles near the city.
On 29 March, loyalist forces, including the Khamis Brigade, swept through the city, securing the western and northwestern parts. Witnesses reported that government troops were forcing people from their homes en masse. A member of the rebel command in the city claimed that loyalist forces were killing and wounding civilians indiscriminately. During the night, heavy street fighting occurred in the city's Az-Zawaabi district, in which nine rebels were killed and five wounded.
Battles for the city center and port.
On 30 March a CNN news crew managed to get into Misrata, and recorded scenes of heavy fighting in the city. Their report showed heavily damaged streets, a destroyed government armored personnel carrier, a government tank being hit by an RPG, and wounded civilians in the main hospital.
On 31 March a local doctor, who was a member of the opposition, claimed that Gaddafi's forces only retained control of Tripoli Street; this claim, however, could not be confirmed. Gaddafi forces were using artillery to bombard Misrata, according to a rebel spokesman, who further stated that 20 civilians had been killed the previous day when houses were hit by shells.
On 1 April, Gaddafi's forces attempted to advance toward the city center via Tripoli Street. Their attack was repelled, after which heavy mortar, artillery, tank, and RPG fire hit the center. A doctor in the city stated that the port had come under loyalist control, and that the rebels were holding out only in the center of the city; nevertheless, it seemed part of the port was still in rebel hands, as a fishing trawler from Malta was able to unload much needed supplies for the besieged city. During the day, a Coalition air-strike hit and destroyed a loyalist ammunition convoy consisting of a tank and several military trucks.
On 2 April, spokespersons from the rebels' side gave a comprehensive report via video. Due to the difficulty of getting journalists into Misrata, little in their report could be independently confirmed. The rebels said that NATO airstrikes that day focused mainly on the Abdul Raouf neighborhood, in the southern part of Misrata. They also said they had fought Gaddafi's forces in Souwa, the western part of Misrata, where they claimed to have destroyed one tank and killed six loyalist soldiers. According to the rebels, snipers had left the insurance building, from which they had been sniping for days, and relocated to the courthouse. The rebels had clashed with the snipers as they tried to move, reportedly killing two of them. The rebels then surrounded the courthouse from three sides. At 3:30 PM ships from Qatar docked at the port to deliver supplies; a Turkish ship also docked, and took approximately 250 wounded people from Misrata to be treated in Turkey. The arrival of the Turkish ship was the only piece of information to be independently confirmed.
On 3 April, according to a witness in the city's Al Qalaa section, the rebels attacked Gaddafi's forces in the Taghma area at around five in the morning, forcing them to retreat to the Jfara district after a five-hour battle. Subsequently, Gaddafi's forces in Jfara fired Grad missiles into the Al Qalaa neighborhood, destroying civilian structures and causing residents to flee. The rebels claimed to have killed 26 loyalist troops in the fighting, among them 9 snipers. A rebel spokesman was quoted as saying that the central city hospital had been bombarded, resulting in one person being killed and 22 wounded. Meanwhile, 250 of the 450+ wounded waiting at Misrata's hospital were taken from the city aboard the ship M/F "Ankara", which had also delivered medical supplies. A ship belonging to Doctors Without Borders also managed to take 71 wounded from Misrata to Tunis for treatment. In the evening, Gaddafi's troops shelled the port, as they had done on the previous few days, in an attempt to destroy the rebels' last lifeline to the outside world.
Around 3:00 AM on 4 April, a loyalist tank entered the city's outskirts and headed for the port area. The rebels confronted it, and after a two-hour battle the tank turned back. On this day, at least five people were killed and five critically injured by artillery shelling.
On 5 April, Interior Minister and Major General Abdul Fatah Younis, who had defected to the rebels, criticized NATO, saying it was not doing enough while civilians were dying every day. Younis stated that sewage was being re-routed into water wells by Gaddafi' forces, and that water supplies were running desperately short.
On 7 April, loyalist artillery caused the port to be temporarily closed by the rebels for all incoming ships. By this point, the rebels were only in firm control of the northern and eastern parts of the city, and the port area. British relief and humanitarian aid ships carrying vital supplies for Misrata managed to dock and unload at the port. At the same time, rebels battled snipers on Tripoli Street, where they claimed to have been able to drive some of them back.
On 8 April, loyalist forces conducted an attack against the eastern part of the city, advancing into the Esqeer district. After heavy fighting, they pulled back. At the same time, rebels said, they had cut off government snipers in the city center from the rest of their forces by barricading Tripoli Street with large shipping containers filled with sand and stone. They also claimed to have blown up the lower levels of the multi-storey Ta'ameen building, thus trapping dozens of loyalist snipers in the upper levels. According to the rebels, the loyalists responded to the attempted blockade of Tripoli Street by deploying one or two tanks on the main road. Later in the day, loyalist troops conducted another attack, this time attempting to take full control of the Nakl al-Theqeel road, which links central Misrata to its port on the northeastern outskirts of the city. The fighting for the road continued well into the evening.
UNICEF confirmed that children had been targeted and killed by pro-Gaddafi snipers throughout the battle. The European Union stated that it was prepared to launch a humanitarian mission in Misrata which might require deployment of ground forces, but only with UN backing.
On 9 April, loyalist forces continued their assault on the city, advancing from three directions. Tripoli Street, the port road, and the Kharouba neighbourhood came under attack. The loyalist offensive was ultimately repelled, at the cost of a reported 18–30 opposition fighters killed. The same day, a government-minded tour of international reporters to Misrata came under rebel sniper fire, in which one military officer guiding the reporters was wounded. On the outskirts of the city the reporters saw at least two tanks which appeared to have been destroyed by RPG fire. An anonymous NATO official claimed that coalition forces had destroyed 15 loyalist tanks and damaged nine more in and around Misrata over the previous two days, of which five were destroyed by British planes. There was no independent confirmation of the claims, though footage of one tank being destroyed had surfaced. The next day, witnesses confirmed more tank fire in the city.
On 11 April, rebels reported that the city was under heavy attack, with more than 140 shells landing in an area near the city center. They also stated that Gaddafi's forces were, for the first time, using Grad multiple rocket launchers in the city. Heavy fighting took place at the eastern entrance and in the city center. Libyan state TV showed a pro-Gaddafi rally on the outskirts of the city, and six people were killed during the day by shelling, including a child.
On 12 April, news outlets aired video of the destruction on Tripoli Street, showing a destroyed tank, buildings heavily damaged or destroyed, and the road on fire. The rebels announced that they had repelled two attacks by Gaddafi's forces and continued to hold their positions, notably on the road in the direction of the port.
On 13 April, rebels claimed to have pushed Gaddafi's forces on the western front 10 km back to Abu Ruwaya, although these reports couldn't be verified due to the lack of journalists. Rebels also claimed to have captured 12 loyalist soldiers in fighting on the main street.
On 14 April, rebels claimed that pro-Gaddafi forces had fired dozens of Grad rockets on a residential area near the port, killing at least 23 civilians and wounding 100; they also said that five civilians had been killed and 37 wounded in rocket attacks the previous day. Rebel spokesmen expressed fear of a massacre in Misrata if NATO did not intervene strongly. Also on the 14th, artillery fire prevented a Qatari ship from docking in the port. The harbor was later closed, due to extensive damage from some 200 Grad missiles hitting the port area.
On 15 April, loyalist forces began their heaviest attack on the city yet. Rebels said that government forces shelled the road to the port during the morning, killing at least eight people. From dawn to dusk government troops pounded the city with tanks, artillery, Grad rockets, mortars, and, allegedly, cluster bombs. (The use of cluster bombs, which are banned under international law in civilian-populated zones, was also claimed by Human Rights Watch.) Troops and tanks entered the city and heavy street fighting raged. For three hours during the day a loyalist helicopter was seen flying over the city, in defiance of the no-fly zone, spotting targets for the artillery. The loyalists battled their way to the city center and took control of it, while the rebels clung to the port area and set up checkpoints around one neighborhood where a net of government snipers was positioned. Rebel-held neighborhoods were becoming increasingly crowded with civilians fleeing advancing loyalist troops. In all, 16 people were reported killed during the day.
Heavy shelling continued on 16 April, with rockets hitting the industrial area close to the port killing six people, including three rebels, and wounding more than 48. More video from the city showed rebels using a mobile anti-tank gun against loyalists, a street in flames, and a loyalist combat engineering vehicle destroyed.
Rebel gains, loyalist withdrawal.
On 17 April, street fighting and shelling by Gaddafi forces killed 25 people, both rebels and civilians, and wounded 100. During the day's fighting, the rebels managed to evict loyalist forces from the shoe factory, from which they had been bombarding residential areas in the city, and later burned it down so that it couldn't be used again by government troops. They attempted to expand their territory around a central produce market, and claimed that they had destroyed several tanks and pushed Gaddafi's forces from Tripoli Street to the Al Gharyan neighborhood in southern Misrata, leaving most of the nearby main road in rebel hands. Meanwhile, video emerged of 22 loyalist T-55 tanks destroyed or damaged, presumably by NATO air-strikes, at a compound in Misrata. Given that the tanks in the video were bunched together, and were old models, the possibility exists that they were non-operational before the strikes.
On 18 April, the European Union was contemplating the deployment of up to 1,000 troops for a non-combat ground mission in Misrata, and was reportedly waiting for a non-resolution UN approval. The death toll of 17 April's artillery attack had risen to 25, as some of those injured died from their wounds. Four civilians also died on 18 April from artillery attacks. In the meantime, killings of unarmed migrant workers by rebels were being reported. A British reporter (Kim Sengupta of "The Independent"), who had just arrived at Benghazi by sea from Misrata, described the sufferings of large numbers of migrant workers trapped in Misrata in a broadcast on BBC Radio 4. After mentioning casualties during attacks by government forces, he said that some migrant workers "have also died in clashes with the rebel fighters. They were protesting about their conditions, demanding that they be repatriated, and on a couple of occasions this has led to the rebels opening fire and people dying." During the day's fighting, at least one loyalist Shilka armored anti-aircraft vehicle was destroyed.
By 20 April, half of Tripoli Street was reported to be under loyalist control while the other half was in rebel hands. Later in the day it was reported that the rebels from the east had managed to insert a ten-man team with 164 anti-tank weapons into the city. Rebel Kamal Hodaifa reported that the team's purpose was to train rebels in anti-tank tactics. Two photojounalists, Tim Hetherington (known for co-directing the Oscar-nominated documentary "Restrepo") and Chris Hondros, were killed in a mortar attack on 20 April while photographing rebel soldiers close to the front lines. In addition to the two journalists, seven Libyan civilians and one Ukrainian doctor were killed on the 20th.
On the morning of 21 April, three rebels were killed and 17 wounded by mortar fire. The rebels managed to take the local insurance building, the tallest building in the city, which snipers had been using as a platform. Of the seven snipers that were in the building, two were killed, three were captured, and two escaped. Several destroyed government tanks were around the building. Al Jazeera Arabic reported that the rebels were in control of most of the western part of Misrata. The Guardian and the BBC could confirm that northwestern Misrata was under rebel control, but said the southwestern part was still in loyalist hands. Later in the day, rebels attempting to attack a building occupied by loyalist soldiers were ambushed by government troops in the surrounding buildings, leaving four rebels dead. In all, nine rebels were killed during the day.
On 22 April, the deputy foreign minister of Gaddafi's government stated that the Libyan army would be withdrawing from Misrata. He was quoted as saying that "the situation in Misrata will be dealt with by the tribes around Misurata and Misurata's residents and not by the Libyan army". This came after the rebels managed to eliminate Gaddafi's forces from several locations near the city center, which loyalist forces had been holding for several weeks.
On 23 April, the Libyan army began withdrawing from Misrata amidst sporadic fighting. Rebels captured the overpass bridge at the city's western gate, after a battle in which 13 rebels were injured and 12 wounded loyalist soldiers were captured. One injured government soldier brought to the hospital confirmed that they had received orders to retreat. The captured soldier said the rebels' victory on the bridge was due to an ambush on government soldiers as they were busy retreating, indicating that they had lost control over Misrata. The rebels initially claimed to have seized the abandoned hospital, which Gaddafi's forces had been using as a base, but an Al Jazeera correspondent later confirmed that the hospital, though being attacked by opposition forces, was still under loyalist control. Twenty-eight people were killed during the day and more than 100 wounded, due to both street fighting and booby-traps left behind by the retreating soldiers. 25 of the dead were rebels.
On 24 April a rebel spokesman said: "Gaddafi’s brigades started random bombardment in the early hours of this morning. The bombardment is still going on. They targeted the city centre, mainly Tripoli Street, and three residential areas." NATO planes had been flying over, but there was no indication of air strikes. Later in the day, rebel forces captured the main hospital, where 300–400 loyalists had been holed up for weeks. Pro-Gaddafi forces had retreated to the outskirts of the city. At least five tanks, hidden from NATO attacks in the loading bays of the hospital, were burned by the rebels after they captured the building. Twenty people were killed in artillery strikes and fighting on the 24th, leaving a total of 48 rebels and civilians killed in the previous two days.
Bombardment of the city, partial port blockade, rebels re-take airport.
On 25 April the bombardment of the city continued, with another 30 people being killed and 60 wounded. Rebels reported the following day that Gaddafi forces bombarded the port and launched a new assault in an attempt to take control of it. As a large loyalist force was approaching the port, NATO planes struck. They hit six military vehicles and seven technicals, stopping the advance.
On 27 April, for the first time in two months, civilians were able to enter the vegetable market, where loyalist forces had been stationed for the better part of the battle. Five tanks, one mobile anti-aircraft system, and one fuel tanker were left destroyed at the market following NATO air-strikes. During the day, a NATO air-strike mistakenly hit a salt factory on the road to the port where rebels were holding a blocking position. A dozen rebels were killed and five wounded in the attack. The next day, a local doctor confirmed that during the night seven rebels had been killed and four wounded when rocket and artillery fire hit their checkpoint.
On 29 April, after securing the port and driving Gaddafi's forces back to the outskirts of Misrata, rebels began attacking the airport. However, loyalist tanks conducted an assault against the southwestern outskirts of the city, particularly the village of Zawiyat al-Mahjoub, where some 50 rebel fighters were concentrated. Fifteen people were killed and 80 wounded in the day's fighting, the majority of them rebels. During the day, pro-Gaddafi forces planted sea mines in front of the harbor in an attempt to blockade the port. NATO ships managed to remove two of them, but a third drifted free and NATO forces were not able to find it, which resulted in the port being closed for all maritime traffic.
On 30 April, several callers speaking to journalists reported heavy shelling of residential areas. One caller said the shelling likely came from the Air Force academy. Another caller counted over 50 explosions. Misrata came under renewed attack late at night and in the early hours of the following morning. Gaddafi's troops were seen for the first time wearing gas masks, leading to speculation that they were preparing to use chemical weapons.
On the morning of 2 May tanks tried to enter the city from al-Ghiran, a southwestern suburb near the airport. It was stated by medical sources in the city that since 24 April 110 civilians and rebels had been killed, and more than 350 wounded.
On 4 May, five people were killed by shelling in the port area. "The bombing has caused many casualties among Libyans and people of other nationalities waiting for evacuation," Gemal Salem, a spokesman for the rebels, told Reuters. "So far we have five killed and ambulances are rushing to the scene to evacuate the casualties."
On 5 May, loyalist forces dropped 20 rocket-borne anti-tank land mines onto the port, which landed via a parachute after they were released from the rockets. One patrolling rebel pick-up detonated a mine while investigating the landings, wounding two rebel fighters.
On 7 May, Gaddafi's troops used converted cropdusting planes to bomb rebel controlled oil tanks, successfully destroying all eight of them. NATO also confirmed that Gaddafi's forces had been using helicopters to drop mines into the harbour.
On 8 May, heavy fighting was reported near the airport and at the resort area of Burgueya on the city's western outskirts. Meanwhile, the rebels confirmed that for two weeks the port had been receiving only one supply ship per week, down from the previous two to five per week, due to the constant artillery shelling, sea mines floating at the entrance to the harbour, and land mines dropped on the port area. They stated that food, water, and medical supplies were reaching critically low levels, and that fuel reserves were already dangerously low due to the destruction of fuel tanks by loyalist forces the day before.
By 9 May, AFP reported that rebels had taken control of the coastal road from Misrata to the village of Dafniya, 20 km east of Zliten, and had expanded further into the southeastern areas of Misrata.
On 10 May, rebels reportedly advanced further into the Al Ghiran neighborhood, where they isolated the airport and air academy, nearly surrounding both installations.
By mid-day 11 May, the AFP confirmed that the rebels had won control of the airport after a fierce fight with loyalists who were holed up in the terminal buildings. Pockets of fighting continued at the military airbase, adjacent to the civilian airport, which had come under full rebel control. The same day rebels claimed to have advanced to within of Zliten; later, however, it would be confirmed that they were still from the city. Rebels stated that in two days of fighting for the airport five of their fighters had been killed and 105 wounded. Hours after the airport battle, NATO stated that the HMCS Charlottetown, the HMS Liverpool, and a French warship had engaged a number of small, fast loyalist boats attacking the port, and that "the boats were forced to abandon their attack and regime forces ashore covered their retreat with artillery and anti-aircraft cannon fire directed towards the allied warships"
On 12 May at least one loyalist tank was disabled in fighting on the western outskirts of Misrata.
On 13 May, according to the opposition, all of Misrata proper was under rebel control, with clashes still occurring in the southern suburb of Hizam, the southeastern farmland of Zameena, and west of Dafniya. The next day, AFP reported that the rebels had advanced 20 km in the east to the gates of Tawergha. It also relayed rebel claims that they had reached the gates of Zliten in the west. However, there was no independent confirmation of the advances, with rebel spokesmen later backtracking on their statements of victories during the claimed two-day advance.
On 15 May, opposition forces stated they would not launch an offensive in the direction of Zliten because of the high risk of heavy casualties being sustained. The same day, rebels declared the battle for Misrata over, and that they were in full control of the city, with no more combat taking place.
On 16 May, a rebel spokesman from Benghazi claimed that opposition fighters had forced two brigades of Gaddafi's forces, based in Zliten, into open battle on the highway and defeated them. However, he contradicted himself by saying the fighting was still ongoing, and no reporters who were in the area or other independent sources confirmed the claim. It was reiterated by rebels on the ground that they would not advance on Zliten due to the possibility of a defeat, such as those sustained by the eastern rebels during their attempted advances earlier in the war.
NATO Strikes.
According to NATO's daily "Operational Media Updates", the NATO strikes in the Misrata vicinity during the offensive hit:
Aftermath.
Sporadic fighting continued for several weeks after the rebels established control over the city. Although there was no further combat in Misrata itself, government troops still surrounded the area on all sides, and occasionally directed artillery and rocket fire at the city. For more than a month, heavy frontline fighting and shelling raged nearby at Dafniya and Tawergha.
On 21 June, loyalists fired four Grad rockets into the centre of Misrata. It was not immediately clear if there were any casualties.
On 16 August, Libyan government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim announced that the Libyan government had retaken Misrata, although no independent media followed up the claim. Rebel controlled radio within the city of Misrata on 17 August claimed that rebel forces were advancing southwards to the town of Bani Walid, proving the Gaddafi regimes claims of capturing Misrata from the rebels to be untrue.
Casualties.
Numbers of killed and wounded.
Reports on the numbers of people killed in the three-month siege vary. The chief of Misrata's hospital, Dr. Mohammed Fortia, stated that by 30 March 398 rebels and civilians had been killed. However, Fortia also said, at a later time, that 257 rebels and civilians were killed by 10 April. Just four days later, on 14 April, another doctor said 700 rebels and civilians died in the two-month siege. There was no explanation for the discrepancy in the numbers. The numbers of civilians killed in comparison to the numbers of rebels killed have also varied, with one doctor in the city claiming that 80 percent of those killed were civilians, while a member of Misrata's medical committee stated that up until 21 April 365 people were killed, of which at least 85 were civilians. Based on various reports during the battle, roughly three-quarters (of the lower number) to a fifth (of the higher number) of those killed were rebels, while the rest were civilians. Loyalist forces had also suffered at least 358 dead, a number based on rebel reports. The numbers of wounded had also not been consistent, with Fortia reporting 949 wounded rebels and civilians (only 22 of them being women and eight children) by 10 April, while earlier reports had put the number at around 1,400. By 21 April, the city's medical committee stated that 4,000 people had been wounded.
On 9 September, the NTC health minister said that at least 2,000 rebels and civilians had been killed in the Misrata area since the war began, with at least 900 injuries that had resulted in loss of limbs.
Evacuation of the wounded and stranded.
After the NATO-enforced no-fly zone was established, an international effort was underway to evacuate 14,000 stranded migrants and hundreds of rebels and civilians wounded in the fighting.
On 18 March, a Moroccan ferry unloaded 1,800 migrants in Tanger, most of them Moroccans, after it evacuated them from Misrata the previous week.
On 2 April, a Turkish ship had evacuated 250 wounded from the city. The next day, a Tunisian ship took another 71 wounded.
On 9 April, two Qatari ships evacuated 1,800 Egyptians from the city and on 11 April, a Turkish ship evacuated another 1,000.
On 14 April, a Qatari ship and a ship sent by Doctors Without Borders were scheduled to dock in the port. The Qatari vessel was to take on at least 800 of the migrants while the other ship was to evacuate 165 of the wounded. However, the ships couldn't dock because of heavy rocket shelling of the port and extensive damage to the harbor. Still, in the evening, a Greek ferry did dock with the purpose of transferring the foreigners to Benghazi from where they would move on to Egypt. The next day, after unloading 400 tonnes of aid supplies, the ship left with 1,182 migrants on board, mostly Bangladeshis and Egyptians. Later, the Doctors Without Borders ship had also managed to dock and evacuated 99 people, 64 of them wounded, to Tunisia.
On 18 April, a ship evacuated 971 people, most of them migrants, including 650 Ghanaians and people of other nationalities like Filipinos and Ukrainians, but also 100 Libyans, including 23 wounded. Later during the day, a ship of the International Committee of the Red Cross picked up another 618 migrants.
On 20 April, two Qatari chartered ships evacuated almost 2,500 people. They arrived the next day in Benghazi, with one of them carrying 1,500 people, including 150 wounded, while the other ship carried 950 people. Later during the day, the Greek ferry the "Ionian Spirit" also arrived in Benghazi with 1,000 people, including 239 Libyan civilians, and the rest migrants, mostly from Niger. Among those 1,000 were also 31 wounded, including four amputees.
On 24 April, an aid ship evacuated 1,000 people, including migrants and some wounded people. A Qatari ship had also taken 90 wounded to Tunisia.
On 25 April, nearly 1,000 migrants, most of them Nigerians, and 17 wounded people were evacuated.
On 27 April, an ICRC and an IOM ship transported more people from the city. The ICRC ship evacuated more than 600 civilians while the IOM ferry took 1,091 people, including more than 800 migrants (most of them from Niger) and 30–55 wounded, from Misrata.
On 4 May, the IOM ship docked in the port, despite a floating sea mine and heavy artillery shelling, and took on 800-1,138 people, again mostly migrants (the last of them), among whom were at least 36 critically wounded people.
On 12 May, a ship with 108 refugees from Misrata, including 25 wounded, arrived in Benghazi.

</doc>
<doc id="30999056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999056" title="Handbook of South American Indians">
Handbook of South American Indians

The Handbook of South American Indians is a monographic series of edited scholarly and reference volumes in ethnographic studies, published by the Smithsonian Institution between 1940 and 1947. 
In 1932, Baron Erland Nordenskiöld agreed to edit the series for the National Research Council Division of Anthropology and Psychology; however, he died that year. The Smithsonian Institution agreed to sponsor the series but adequate funds were not approved by US Congress until 1940. Julian Haynes Steward edited the series. Ultimately, over a hundred scholars from Latin America, the United States, and Europe contributed and provided advice for the series.
This six-volume series, with an additional index volume, documents information about Indigenous peoples of South America, including cultural and physical aspects of the people, language family, history, and prehistory. This is a reference work for historians, anthropologists, other scholars, and the general reader. The series utilized noted authorities for each topic. The set is illustrated, indexed, and has extensive bibliographies. Volumes may be purchased individually.
Bibliographic information.
"Handbook of South American Indians" / Julian H. Steward, General Editor. Washington, DC: Smithsonian Institution, 1940-1947.

</doc>
<doc id="30999060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999060" title="Éric Castonguay">
Éric Castonguay

Éric Castonguay (born September 18, 1987) is a Canadian professional Ice Hockey Forward who is currently playing for Frisk Asker Ishockey of the Norwegian GET-ligaen.
Castonguay's Midget AAA career included time with Collège Antoine-Girouard, followed by 3 seasons with the Lewiston Maineiacs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League for his Major Junior Ice Hockey career.
After completing his Midget AAA and Major Junior Ice Hockey careers, he began his professional Ice Hockey career starting with the 2007-08 season. He has played professionally for the Trenton Devils and Reading Royals of the ECHL. On June 2, 2011, the Reading Royals of the ECHL announced that they had included Castonguay on their protected list. He has also played professionally for the Lowell Devils and Bridgeport Sound Tigers of the American Hockey League and Dragons de Rouen and Diables Rouges de Briançon, both of the French Ligue Magnus
On September 21, 2013, Castonguay signed with the Missouri Mavericks of the Central Hockey League for the 2013-14 season. During that season, in a game against the Quad City Mallards on March 23, 2014, Castonguay set a Mavericks single-season franchise record of 31 Goals, which itself would ultimately be broken later that same season by Andrew Courtney, who ended the season with 34 Goals. That same season, in the "Central Hockey League 2013-14 Season "Best of The Best" Poll", he came in 2nd place in the poll for "Most Gentlemanly Player" On April 18, 2014, Castonguay was loaned to the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League.
On May 17, 2014, Castonguay signed with Frisk Asker Ishockey of the Norwegian GET-ligaen

</doc>
<doc id="30999080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999080" title="Nick (Skins series 5)">
Nick (Skins series 5)

Nick is the fifth episode of series 5 of the UK TV series Skins, which first aired on the 24th of February 2011 on E4. It focuses on Nick Levan (Sean Teale) as he deals with the return of his brother, Matty (Sebastian De Souza) into his life.
Synopsis.
The episode opens with Nick and his rugby team training for a big game coming up, due to the likelihood of there being club scouts present. At home, Nick's overbearing father, Leon makes Matty sign a contract, if he hopes to stay, before leaving to take his suicidal friend, Warren, for a game of golf. Though Nick is optimistic that life can return to normal, tensions soon arise over Matty's relationship with Liv, as Nick is still secretly in love with her. When Liv arrives to have sex with Matty, Nick gets jealous and immediately goes to Mini's house, where they awkwardly have sex. 
The next day, Nick and Leon accompany Matty to a meeting with David Blood, the Roundview College headmaster, and manage to get him re-enrolled. Nick is ordered by his father to keep an eye on his older brother. Nick then introduces Matty to the gang, and Matty immediately recognises Franky from their earlier encounter. He wastes no time in settling in with the gang, and a slightly jealous Nick goes to get changed for practice. In the changing room, Ryder unknowingly insults Matty and Liv, prompting Nick to angrily push him up against a wall. He carries his anger onto the field, and violently tackles Ryder, even though he didn't have the ball. Later on, he is given some stress-relieving therapy by Coach Pooter, his wise, South African rugby coach, who, through his massage skills, compares him to "a depressing book about an anxious young man who's worrying about a girl," suggesting that Nick is jealous about his brother's relationship with Liv, and mentions having had a conflict of his own with his brother back in Johannesburg. Afterwards, Nick goes to a party with the gang. There, they try to think of a good partner for Alo, and Nick suggests Franky. Matty agrees with him in order to get a response out of Franky, prompting Franky and Matty to share a knowing look. Liv then disappears off to the bar, and Nick follows, and tries to talk to Liv, but she coldly refuses to talk about their own relationship. Nick stays and drinks shots. Feeling abandoned, Mini calls Ryder, and Nick returns to find him dancing with her. In his fury, Nick punches Ryder in the face, breaking his nose, and both Liv and Mini angrily confront him, and he storms off. At the nearby rugby pitch, Matty finds Nick trying to practice, and play a one-on-one game of rugby. However, Nick gets frustrated and assaults Matty, claiming that he gets everything handed to him, and has ruined his life.
Nick returns home to discover his father going to give a statement to the police, because his friend, Warren, has committed suicide. He refuses to listen to Nick's problems, and a frustrated Nick vents his fury by taking one of his father's golf clubs and smashing up the kitchen. Matty arrives to discover him doing it, and orders him to leave. The next day, Nick attempts to talk to Liv, but in his efforts, falls off a wheelie bin and injures himself. Liv coldly refuses to speak to him. Wandering off, he meets a woman named Pamela, and introduces himself as "Matty." Feeling sympathetic, she gives him some drugs and then entices him to have sex with her. Later on, he is sitting on a swing near Franky's house, when Franky joins him. Nick sadly tells her everything on his mind, and she sympathetically informs him "you're not a complete dick." Nick proceeds to his rugby changing room to tell Coach Pooter he is quitting. The coach accepts his decision, but is unimpressed to learn he is also planning on running away from home, and firmly informs him that this is not the best course of action, using Nelson Mandela as an example. He then returns home, to discover Matty has tried to take the rap for Nick's actions. Nick immediately orders him to stay, and stands up to his father. He tells his father that "he" is the reason his sons act the way they do. Matty joins in.
The episode ends with Nick and Matty burning all of their motivational books, posters, and Matty's contract, and sharing a beer together. Their father looks on from his room.

</doc>
<doc id="30999081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999081" title="Halfway, Illinois">
Halfway, Illinois

Halfway, Illinois was an unincorporated community in northeastern Williamson County, Illinois located about halfway between the county seat of Marion and Corinth. A post office operated from 1895 to 1911 in a country store. 
It is not to be confused with the later Halfway in Williamson County on Illinois Route 37 between Marion and Johnston City.
Geography.
The store was located almost on the township line in Section 25, Township 8 South, Range 3 East of the Third Principal Meridian in what's known today as Lake Creek Precinct. Today the area is the intersection of Edwards Road (the old road to Corinth) and Dwina Road that runs along the township line.
History.
Joseph H. Williams opened the post office 5 February 1895. Henry W. Rogers became postmaster two years later on 3 August 1897, but Williams took over the job again on 1 December 1897. He sold out to James Chadwell who updated the country store with a new stock of goods. Chadwell's daughter then became post master 20 May 1899. The elder Chadwell and his business partner John Leander Roberts, a Corinth store keeper, sold the store to the Albert and Nicholas G. Riggs. Albert became post master 14 June 1905. When nearby Pittsburg, Illinois opened up, Albert moved there and became that town's postmaster. Nicholas took over for Albert at Halfway and became postmaster 8 Dec. 1905. Operations discontinued on 15 December 1911. The area is now served by the Marion post office.

</doc>
<doc id="30999091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999091" title="Terrestrial ecosystem">
Terrestrial ecosystem

A terrestrial ecosystem is an ecosystem found only on landforms. Six primary terrestrial ecosystems exist: tundra, taiga, temperate deciduous forest, tropical rain forest, grassland and desert.
A community of organisms and their environment that occurs on the land masses of continents and islands. Terrestrial ecosystems are distinguished from aquatic ecosystems by the lower availability of water and the consequent importance of water as a limiting factor. Terrestrial ecosystems are characterized by greater temperature fluctuations on both a diurnal and seasonal basis than occur in aquatic ecosystems in similar climates. The availability of light is greater in terrestrial ecosystems than in aquatic ecosystems because the atmosphere is more transparent in land than in water. Gases are more available in terrestrial ecosystems than in aquatic ecosystems. Those gases include carbon dioxide that serves as a substrate for photosynthesis, oxygen that serves as a substrate in aerobic respiration, and nitrogen that serves as a substrate for nitrogen fixation. Terrestrial environments are segmented into a subterranean portion from which most water and ions are obtained, and an atmospheric portion from which gases are obtained and where the physical energy of light is transformed into the organic energy of carbon-carbon bonds through the process of photosynthesis.
Terrestrial ecosystems occupy 55,660,000 mi2 (144,150,000 km2), or 28.2%, of Earth's surface. Although they are comparatively recent in the history of life (the first terrestrial organisms appeared in the Silurian Period, about 425 million years ago) and occupy a much smaller portion of Earth's surface than marine ecosystems, terrestrial ecosystems have been a major site of adaptive radiation of both plants and animals. Major plant taxa in terrestrial ecosystems are members of the division Magnoliophyta (flowering plants), of which there are about 275,000 species, and the division Pinophyta (conifers), of which there are about 500 species. Members of the division Bryophyta (mosses and liverworts), of which there are about 24,000 species, are also important in some terrestrial ecosystems. Major animal taxa in terrestrial ecosystems include the classes Insecta (insects) with about 900,000 species, Aves (birds) with 8500 species, and Mammalia (mammals) with approximately 4100 species.
Organisms in terrestrial ecosystems have adaptations that allow them to obtain water when the entire body is no longer bathed in that fluid, means of transporting the water from limited sites of acquisition to the rest of the body, and means of preventing the evaporation of water from body surfaces. They also have traits that provide body support in the atmosphere, a much less buoyant medium than water, and other traits that render them capable of withstanding the extremes of temperature, wind, and humidity that characterize terrestrial ecosystems. Finally, the organisms in terrestrial ecosystems have evolved many methods of transporting gametes in environments where fluid flow is much less effective as a transport medium.
The organisms in terrestrial ecosystems are integrated into a functional unit by specific, dynamic relationships due to the coupled processes of energy and chemical flow. Those relationships can be summarized by schematic diagrams of trophic webs, which place organisms according to their feeding relationships. The base of the food web is occupied by green plants, which are the only organisms capable of utilizing the energy of the Sun and inorganic nutrients obtained from the soil to produce organic molecules. Terrestrial food webs can be broken into two segments based on the status of the plant material that enters them. Grazing food webs are associated with the consumption of living plant material by herbivores. Detritus food webs are associated with the consumption of dead plant material by detritivores. The relative importance of those two types of food webs varies considerably in different types of terrestrial ecosystems. Grazing food webs are more important in grasslands, where over half of net primary productivity may be consumed by herbivores. Detritus food webs are more important in forests, where less than 5% of net primary productivity may be consumed by herbivores.
There is one type of extensive terrestrial ecosystem due solely to human activities and eight types that are natural ecosystems. Those natural ecosystems reflect the variation of precipitation and temperature over Earth's surface. The smallest land areas are occupied by tundra and temperate grassland ecosystems, and the largest land area is occupied by tropical forest. The most productive ecosystems are temperate and tropical forests, and the least productive are deserts and tundras. Cultivated lands, which together with grasslands and savannas utilized for grazing are referred to as agroecosystems, are of intermediate extent and productivity. Because of both their areal extent and their high average productivity, tropical forests are the most productive of all terrestrial ecosystems, contributing 45% of total estimated net primary productivity on land.

</doc>
<doc id="30999112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999112" title="Cote, Oxfordshire">
Cote, Oxfordshire

Cote is a hamlet about south of Witney and north of the River Thames in West Oxfordshire, England. Cote is part of the civil parish of Aston, Cote, Shifford and Chimney. The hamlet of Cote stretches along Cote Lane, which seems to have originated as a road to a former crossing of the River Thames at Shifford.
Archaeology.
Cropmarks have been found east of Cote Lane that suggest prehistoric occupation. There have been isolated finds of Neolithic and Bronze Age items near the north end of Cote Lane and Iron Age pottery and a brooch have been found south of Cote House. In the 19th century two Roman coins were found at Cote: one each from the reigns of Trajan (reigned AD 98-117) and Hadrian (reigned AD 117-138). Other cropmarks on river gravel terraces east of Cote suggest Saxon sunken huts.
Manor.
In the Anglo-Saxon era Cote was part of the manor of Bampton. The earliest known written record of Cote dates from 1203.
Cote may be the site of a messuage and building plot for a manor that Henry III granted to one Imbert Pugeys in 1238. The present Cote House is largely 16th and 17th century but may be on the site of the medieval buildings. The east front of Cote House includes a two-light 13th century window with plate tracery that is not in its original position but may well have been salvaged from the mediaeval house.
Alan Horde of the Middle Temple bought Cote manor in 1553. The hall range and west wing of Cote House were probably built after 1583 for either Thomas Horde (died "circa" 1607) or Sir Thomas Horde (died 1662). The west wing and hall still have early an 17th-century staircase and fireplaces and some 17th century panelling. In 1665 Cote House was assessed at 11 hearths for Hearth Tax.
A new main entrance was added to the north front of Cote House in about 1700, presumably for Thomas Horde (died 1715). The principal rooms were refurbished at the same time, including the present panelling of the drawing room. One set of iron gates is dated 1704 and bears the initials of Thomas Horde.
Late in the 16th century Thomas Horde was convicted of recusancy and the Crown seized two-thirds of his manor for non-payment of fines. When he died in 1607 his remaining debts were pardoned and the seized part of his manor was restored to his heirs.
Economic and social history.
By 1239 Cote and Aston shared a single open field system. Cote Common was often called Cote Moor. In 1497 Mary, Lady Hastings and Botreux, demolished a tenant's house at Cote and enclosed its landholding as pasture. In the 1660s the Lord of the Manor Thomas Horde enclosed about close to Cote House and promoted a general enclosure of the manor, but most tenants enclosed no more than or each. The open meadows tended to flood and in 1668 new channels were dug to drain them.
Cote Farmhouse and Cote Cottage were built in the 17th or early in the 18th century. Milton Lodge was rebuilt in about 1720 with a symmetrical five-bayed front. East of Cote is a Windmill Field but no windmill has survived.
In 1834 tenants of Aston and Cote sought enclosure and initially Caroline Horde supported them. However, most proprietors did not and the proposal was defeated. Parliament finally passed an Enclosure Act for Aston and Cote in 1852 and the land award was completed in 1855. Most landholdings both before and after enclosure were mixed farms.
In the 19th century the Gillett family of Cote House Farm were noted Oxford Down sheep breeders. In 1862 Charles Gillett won prizes at the Royal Agricultural Show.
In the middle of the 19th century a new straight road was built northwards from the end of Cote Lane for a distance of just over to where it joined the road between Yelford and Lew. By 1876 Cote Lodge Farm had been built west of the new road and around the same time new farm labourers' cottages were built.
Sir Thomas Horde built a malthouse in 1657 but by 1659 it was making a loss. There is another isolated record of a maltster in Cote in 1725. Cote had a public house, the Black Horse, from 1779 to 1801. In the 1840s Cote House Farm produced cider. The hamlet had a beerhouse from 1869 (when Parliament passed the Wine and Beerhouse Act 1869) but it closed after 1939.
Other trades in Cote in 1939 included a hurdle-maker and a saddler.
In 1893 Cote suffered a diphtheria epidemic that may have been caused by contaminated wells. Cote had a mains gas supply by 1939, mains electricity by 1949 and mains water from about 1967.
Chapels.
Cote has never had a Church of England parish church. Cote was part of the ecclesiastical parish of Bampton, and Cote residents would have worshipped at the chapel of ease at Shifford until it became derelict some time between 1772 and 1784. Cote appointed a warden for Shifford chapel probably in the 15th century and continued to do so for the rebuilt chapel late in the 19th century.
A Baptist congregation was established in Cote in about 1656, initially sharing a minister with the Baptist congregation at Longworth on the opposite side of the Thames. Cote's first Baptist chapel was completed and registered for worship in 1704. It was replaced by the present building in 1756, and chapel membership grew from 85 in 1772 to more than 100. In 1850-51 attendance at Sunday morning worship averaged 200. Benjamin Arthur, who was pastor 1856-82, had the chapel interior extensively reordered in 1859. The present single gable on the east front of the chapel was added at the same time, replacing a previous double gable and hiding a central roof valley. During Rev. Arthur's ministry, membership rose to about 195 and congregations regularly numbered around 400.
For a number of lengthy periods in the 20th century the Baptist congregation lacked a minister and the deacons managed the chapel. Membership declined to 92 in 1906 and 52 in 1935. It had recovered to 104 by 1971 but fell again to about 85 in 1990. The chapel was still in use for worship in 1992 but is now disused. It is a Grade II* listed building and is now managed and maintained by the Historic Chapels Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="30999116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999116" title="Varvara Zelenskaya">
Varvara Zelenskaya

Varvara Vladimirovna Zelenskaya (, often transliterated as Warwara Zelenskaja; born October 5, 1972, in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky) is a retired Russian alpine ski racer. She is the most successful Russian female World Cup ski racer, winning a total of 4 races (Svetlana Gladysheva is the only other Russian woman to win a World Cup race).
Career.
Zelenskaya began skiing at the age of 6 in her native Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, on the Kamchatka Peninsula in far eastern Russia. She was coached by Lyudmila Agranovskaya, the famed mountaineer and innovative skiing coach who ran the most successful training center for Soviet (and later Russian) alpine skiers. 
Zelenskaya made her debut on the FIS Alpine Ski World Cup circuit in February 1989 at the age of 16 and competed for 14 seasons through 2002. She won four World Cup races in 1996 and 1997, all in downhill. She also placed on the World Cup podium (top three) in 12 downhill races and one Super G from 1990 to 1997, with her first podium at the age of 18 on December 21, 1990, in Morzine, France. She placed third in the World Cup downhill standings and tenth overall in 1997, her best year on the circuit. 
She also competed in four Winter Olympics (1992, 1994, 1998, 2002) and five FIS Alpine World Ski Championships (1991, 1993, 1996, 1997, 2001), representing the Soviet Union (1991), Unified Team (1992), and Russia (subsequently). She placed in the top-ten several times in those competitions, but failed to win any medals.
Zelenskaya retired from top-level competition in April 2002, after the end of the World Cup season and the Russian national championships in which she won the Super G and placed second in the downhill. Following the birth of her daughter in 2003, she returned to limited competition in 2004, winning the downhill and Super G at the Russian national championships that year, and repeating as national champion in Super G again in 2006.
Personal life.
Zelenskaya married Julien Degeorges, the former physiotherapist of the French women's ski team, in 2001. The official name on her passport has been "Varvara Vladimirovna Degeorges" since their marriage. Their daughter Marta was born in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="30999173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999173" title="Christopher Penroz">
Christopher Penroz

Christopher Jesús Penroz Patiño (born 2 May 1990) is a Chilean with Palestine origin footballer who currently plays for the Chilean Primera División side Colo-Colo as a Centre back.

</doc>
<doc id="30999187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999187" title="Alan Sepinwall">
Alan Sepinwall

Alan Sepinwall is an American television reviewer and writer. He spent 14 years as a columnist with "The Star-Ledger" in Newark until leaving the newspaper in 2010 to work for the entertainment news website HitFix.
Sepinwall began writing about television with reviews of "NYPD Blue" while attending the University of Pennsylvania, which led to his job at "The Star-Ledger". In 2007, immediately after "The Sopranos" ended, series creator David Chase granted his sole interview to Sepinwall. In 2009, Sepinwall openly urged NBC not to cancel the action-comedy series "Chuck", and NBC Entertainment co-president Ben Silverman partially credited Sepinwall for the show's revival.
Slate.com said Sepinwall "changed the nature of television criticism" and called him the "acknowledged king of the form" with regard to weekly episode recaps and reviews. Sepinwall and television critic Dan Fienberg host a podcast at HitFix called "Firewall & Iceberg", in which they discuss and review television.
Early life.
Alan Sepinwall grew up in Pine Brook, New Jersey. His father, Jerry, is a psychopharmacologist, and his mother, Harriet, is a professor of education and history at the College of St. Elizabeth in Morristown, New Jersey. Alan Sepinwall attended Congregation Agudath Israel of West Essex in Caldwell, New Jersey and later, the University of Pennsylvania, where he began writing television reviews during his sophomore year in 1993. Sepinwall was later critical of his writings from this period, describing it as full of "misspellings, bad grammar and, even worse, observations that make me cringe".
Career.
Beginnings.
Sepinwall was managing editor of the university's "34th Street Magazine" and interned at "P.O.V. Magazine". Sepinwall was a particular fan of the ABC police drama "NYPD Blue" and wrote reviews for it on usenet newsgroups. Those reviews helped lead Sepinwall to begin a career in television journalism at "The Star-Ledger" in Newark; in 2004, Sepinwall said "without "Blue", I wouldn't have the career or the life that I currently do".
The Star-Ledger.
Sepinwall began working as "The Star-Ledger"'s television columnist in 1996. He is a member of the Television Critics Association. Slate.com writer Josh Levin described Sepinwall's week-to-week, post-episode reviews of "The Sopranos" as "a new form" that combined episode recaps with analyses of the show's subtexts and hidden meanings. Sepinwall has said his writing style was partially inspired by newsgroup reviews of "Star Trek" television episodes written by Timothy W. Lynch, as well as the episode recaps and discussions generated on the website Television Without Pity. Around 2005, in addition to his newspaper columns, Sepinwall began blogging for "The Star-Ledger" on the website "All TV". Around that time, he also began maintaining his own private blog, "What's Alan Watching", in which he posted reviews and interacted directly with readers.
Sepinwall has interviewed such television figures as "The Wire" creator David Simon, "Mad Men" creator Matthew Weiner, "The O.C." creator Josh Schwartz, and "Breaking Bad" creator Vince Gilligan. He also wrote a book about the Fox teen drama series "The O.C." called "Stop Being a Hater and Learn to Love The O.C.", which was published and released in 2004. In 2007, immediately after "The Sopranos" ended, series creator David Chase gave Sepinwall the sole interview he granted to any journalist at the end of the show. In 2009, when NBC was contemplating canceling the action-comedy "Chuck", of which Sepinwall was a strong proponent, he wrote an open letter to NBC executives urging them to renew the show and encouraging them to seek revenue by expanding existing product placement marketing deals. The show was ultimately renewed, and NBC Entertainment co-chairman Ben Silverman partially credited Sepinwall for the show's revival, which ultimately helped increase Sepinwall's prestige. Sepinwall has been a particularly strong advocate for such shows as "Lost", "The Shield", "Breaking Bad", and "The Wire".
HitFix.
After 14 years with "The Star-Ledger", Sepinwall left the newspaper in 2010 for a job at the entertainment journalism website HitFix, where he reviews as many as 15 television shows each week. On that site, he also does a podcast with television critic Dan Fienberg called "Firewall & Iceberg".
In 2010, Slate.com writer Josh Levin said Sepinwall "changed the nature of television criticism" and called him the "acknowledged king of the form" with regard to weekly episode recaps and reviews. The A.V. Club writer Steve Heisler called Sepinwall "an inspiration to TV critics throughout the country". Sepinwall made a cameo appearance as an extra in an October 2010 episode of the NBC comedy "Community", a show which he has strongly praised. He later wrote that, in hindsight, he regretted appearing on the show due to "the extreme blurring of the line reviewer and fan it caused".
In early 2011, Sepinwall began reviewing the ABC comedy series "Modern Family" less frequently because he regularly received extremely harsh comments from readers whenever he criticized an episode.
Personal life.
Sepinwall is married and has a daughter and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="30999200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999200" title="Isobel Roe">
Isobel Roe

Isobel Marion Roe (24 June 1916 – January 1988) was an alpine skier, athletic administrator, teacher, and croquet player. As a skier, she was Great Britain Women's Ski Champion and represented Britain in the World Championships in 1937 and the winter Olympics in 1948.
Skiing career.
Roe gained notoriety in alpine skiing in the years prior to the World War II. She participated in the 1937 Skiing World Championships at Chamonix, France, on 13 February. She finished 10th at 6.47.8. In 1938, she was ranked Great Britain's Women's Ski Champion, a position she would hold throughout the lull during the Second World War, until 1949. In 1939, she again competed in the World Championships, this time in Zakopane, Poland. Roe skied in the Slalom on 15 February, finishing 19th with a time of 375.9, and placed 17th in the Alpine Combined on the same day with a total time of 531.4.
At the height of her career, Roe lost years of competition and training to WWII. Following the conflict, Roe became the Ladies' Lowlander Champion and performed on Great Britain's Winter Olympic Team, both in 1948. She was 31 years of age when she competed in the Alpine Slalom (23rd overall, 2:49.6), Alpine Downhill (27th, 2:47.3), and Alpine Combined (23rd, 34.91) at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games, and the first held since the 1936 Winter Olympics in Bavaria, Germany.
Later life.
Following her career as a competitor, Roe served as the President of Great Britain's Ladies' Ski Club from 1957–1960. She founded the Ski Club Reps Course, Junior Championships, and the Schoolgirl Races. The Schoolgirl Races were founded in conjunction with Liz Fulton, and were originally organized for girls in finishing schools in Gstaad, Switzerland. In 1974, Roe was awarded the Pery Medal by the Ski Club of Great Britain, a prize instituted in 1929 and named after Edmond Pery, 5th Earl of Limerick, President of the Ski Club, 1925-1927. 
Another noteworthy achievement, achieved far later in her career as an athlete, came when she won the Women's Championship of The Croquet Association in 1961, defeating Joan Warwick in the final, - 18, +2, +6. Today, players at the Cheltenham Croquet Club still compete for a tournament award called the Isobel Roe Trophy. Roe taught physical education in Cheltenham during this latter part of her life, as well as having cared for her elderly father, Commander R. C. T. Roe, a longtime secretary of the PGA and manager of Great Britain's Ryder Cup squads from 1935 through 1955.
Just before her death, Roe appeared in the 1986 edition of "The Guinness Book of Records" in the category of Most Tiles Held, Women's Skiing, Great Britain. Roe died in 1988 in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="30999216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999216" title="Protein moonlighting">
Protein moonlighting

Protein moonlighting (or gene sharing) is a phenomenon by which a protein can perform more than one function. Ancestral moonlighting proteins originally possessed a single function but through evolution, acquired additional functions. Many proteins that moonlight are enzymes; others are receptors, ion channels or chaperones. The most common primary function of moonlighting proteins is enzymatic catalysis, but these enzymes have acquired secondary non-enyzmatic roles. Some examples of functions of moonlighting proteins secondary to catalysis include signal transduction, transcriptional regulation, apoptosis, motility, and structural.
Protein moonlighting may occur widely in nature. Protein moonlighting through gene sharing differs from the use of a single gene to generate different proteins by alternative RNA splicing, DNA rearrangement, or post-translational processing. It is also different from multifunctionality of the protein, in which the protein has multiple domains, each serving a different function. Protein moonlighting by gene sharing means that a gene may acquire and maintain a second function without gene duplication and without loss of the primary function. Such genes are under two or more entirely different selective constraints.
Various techniques have been used to reveal moonlighting functions in proteins. The detection of a protein in unexpected locations within cells, cell types, or tissues may suggest that a protein has a moonlighting function. Furthermore, sequence or structure homology of a protein may be used to infer both primary function as well as secondary moonlighting functions of a protein.
The most well-studied examples of gene sharing are crystallins. These proteins, when expressed at low levels in many tissues function as enzymes, but when expressed at high levels in eye tissue, become densely packed and thus form lenses. While the recognition of gene sharing is relatively recent—the term was coined in 1988, after crystallins in chickens and ducks were found to be identical to separately identified enzymes—recent studies have found many examples throughout the living world. Joram Piatigorsky has suggested that many or all proteins exhibit gene sharing to some extent, and that gene sharing is a key aspect of molecular evolution. The genes encoding crystallins must maintain sequences for catalytic function and transparency maintenance function.
Inappropriate moonlighting is a contributing factor in some genetic diseases, and moonlighting provides a possible mechanism by which bacteria may become resistant to antibiotics.
Discovery.
The first observation of a moonlighting protein was made in the late 1980s by Joram Piatigorsky and Graeme Wistow during their research on crystallin enzymes. Piatigorsky determined that lens crystallin conservation and variance is due to other moonlighting functions outside of the lens. Originally Piatigorsky called these proteins "gene sharing" proteins, but the colloquial description moonlighting was subsequently applied to proteins by Constance Jeffery in 1999 to draw a similarity between multitasking proteins and people who work two jobs. The phrase "gene sharing" is ambiguous since it is also used to describe horizontal gene transfer, hence the phrase "protein moonlighting" has become the preferred description for proteins with more than one function.
Evolution.
It is believed that moonlighting proteins came about by means of evolution through which uni-functional proteins gained the ability to perform multiple functions. With alterations, much of the protein's unused space can provide new functions. Many moonlighting proteins are the result of gene fusion of two single function genes. Alternatively a single gene can acquire a second function since the active site of the encoded protein typically is small compared to the overall size of the protein leaving considerable room to accommodate a second functional site. In yet a third alternative, the same active site can acquire a second function through mutations of the active site.
The development of moonlighting proteins may be evolutionarily favorable to the organism since a single protein can do the job of multiple proteins conserving amino acids and energy required to synthesize these proteins. However there is no universally agreed upon theory that explains why proteins with multiple roles evolved. While using one protein to perform multiple roles seems advantageous because it keeps the genome small, we can conclude that this is probably not the reason for moonlighting because of the large of amount of noncoding DNA.
Functions.
Many proteins catalyze a chemical reaction. Other proteins fulfill structural, transport, or signaling roles. Furthermore, numerous proteins have the ability to aggregate into supramolecular assemblies. For example, a ribosome is made up of 90 proteins and RNA. 
A number of the currently known moonlighting proteins are evolutionarily derived from highly conserved enzymes, also called ancient enzymes. These enzymes are frequently speculated to have evolved moonlighting functions. Since highly conserved proteins are present in many different organisms, this increases the chance that they would develop secondary moonlighting functions. A high fraction of enzymes involved in glycolysis, an ancient universal metabolic pathway, exhibit moonlighting behavior. Furthermore it has been suggested that as many as 7 out of 10 proteins in glycolysis and 7 out of 8 enzymes of the tricarboxylic acid cycle exhibit moonlighting behavior.
An example of a moonlighting enzyme is pyruvate carboxylase. This enzyme catalyzes the carboxylation of pyruvate into oxaloacetate, thereby replenishing the tricarboxylic acid cycle. Surprisingly, in yeast species such as "H. polymorpha" and "P. pastoris", pyruvate carboylase is also essential for proper targeting and assembly of the peroxisomal protein alcohol oxidase (AO). AO, the first enzyme of methanol metabolism, is a homo-octameric flavoenzyme. In wild type cells, this enzyme is present as enzymatically active AO octamers in the peroxisomal matrix. However, in cells lacking pruvate carboxylase, AO monomers accumulate in the cytosol, indicating that pyruvate carboxylase has a second fully unrelated function in assembly and import. The function in AO import/assembly is fully independent of the enzyme activity of pyruvate carboxylase, because amino acid substitutions can be introduced that fully inactive the enzyme activity of pryuvate carboxylase, without affecting its function in AO assembly and import. Conversely, mutations are known that block the function of this enzyme in import and assembly of AO, but have no effect on the enzymatic activity of the protein.
The "E. coli" anti-oxidant thioredoxin protein is another example of a moonlighting protein. Upon infection with the bacteriophage T7, "E. coli" thioredoxin forms a complex with T7 DNA polymerase, which results in enhanced T7 DNA replication, a crucial step for successful T7 infection. Thioredoxin binds to a loop in T7 DNA polymerase to bind more strongly to the DNA. The anti-oxidant function of thioredoxin is fully autonomous and fully independent of T7 DNA replication, in which the protein most likely fulfills the functional role.
Mechanisms.
In many cases, the functionality of a protein not only depends on its structure, but also its location. For example, a single protein may have one function when found in the cytoplasm of a cell, a different function when interacting with a membrane, and yet a third function if excreted from the cell. This property of moonlighting proteins is known as "differential localization". For example, in higher temperatures DegP (HtrA) will function as a protease by the directed degradation of proteins and in lower temperatures as a chaperone by assisting the non-covalent folding or unfolding and the assembly or disassembly of other macromolecular structures. Furthermore, moonlighting proteins may exhibit different behaviors not only as a result of its location within a cell, but also the type of cell that the protein is expressed in.
Other methods through which proteins may moonlight are by changing their oligomeric state, altering concentrations of the protein's ligand or substrate, use of alternative binding sites, or finally through phosphorylation. An example of a protein that displays different function in different oligomeric states is pyruvate kinase which exhibits metabolic activity as a tetramer and thyroid hormone–binding activity as a monomer. Changes in the concentrations of ligands or substrates may cause a switch in protein a protein's function. For example, in the presence of low iron concentrations, aconitase functions as an enzyme while at high iron concentration, aconitase functions as an iron-responsive element-binding protein (IREBP). Proteins may also perform separate functions through the use of alternative binding sites that perform different tasks. An example of this is ceruloplasmin, a protein that functions as an oxidase in copper metabolism and moonlights as a copper-independent glutathione peroxidase. Lastly, phosphorylation may sometimes cause a switch in the function of a moonlighting protein. For example, phosphorylation of phosphoglucose isomerase (PGI) at Ser-185 by protein kinase CK2 causes it to stop functioning as an enzyme, while retaining its function as an autocrine motility factor. Hence when a mutation takes place that inactivates a function of a moonlighting proteins, the other function(s) are not necessarily affected.
The crystal structures of several moonlighting proteins, such as I-AniI homing endonuclease / maturase and the PutA proline dehydrogenase / transcription factor, have been determined. An analysis of these crystal structures has demonstrated that moonlighting proteins can either perform both functions at the same time, or through conformational changes, alternate between two states, each of which is able to perform a separate function. For example, the protein DegP plays a role in proteolysis with higher temperatures and is involved in refolding functions at lower temperatures. Lastly, these crystal structures have shown that the second function may negatively affect the first function in some moonlighting proteins. As seen in ƞ-crystallin, the second function of a protein can alter the structure, decreasing the flexibility, which in turn can impair enzymatic activity somewhat.
Identification methods.
Moonlighting proteins have usually been identified by chance because there is no clear procedure to identify secondary moonlighting functions. Despite such difficulties, the number of moonlighting proteins that have been discovered is rapidly increasing. Furthermore, moonlighting proteins appear to be abundant in all kingdoms of life.
Various methods have been employed to determine a protein's function including secondary moonlighting functions. For example, the tissue, cellular, or subcellular distribution of a protein may provide hints as to the function. Real-time PCR is used to quantify mRNA and hence infer the presence or absence of a particular protein which is encoded by the mRNA within different cell types. Alternatively immunohistochemistry or mass spectrometry can be used to directly detect the presence of proteins and determine in which subcellular locations, cell types, and tissues a particular protein is expressed.
Mass spectrometry may be used to detect proteins based on their mass-to-charge ratio. Because of alternative splicing and posttranslational modification, identification of proteins based on the mass of the parent ion alone is very difficult. However tandem mass spectrometry in which each of the parent peaks is in turn fragmented can be used to unambiguously identify proteins. Hence tandem mass spectrometry is one of the tools used in proteomics to identify the presence of proteins in different cell types or subcellular locations. While the presence of a moonlighting protein in an unexpected location may complicate routine analyses, at the same time, the detection of a protein in unexpected multiprotein complexes or locations suggests that protein may have a moonlighting function. Furthermore, mass spectrometry may be used to determine if a protein has high expression levels that do not correlate to the enzyme's measured metabolic activity. These expression levels may signify that the protein is performing a different function than previously known.
The structure of a protein can also help determine its functions. Protein structure in turn may be elucidated with various techniques including X-ray crystallography or NMR. Dual polarization interferometry may be used to measure changes in protein structure which may also give hints to the protein's function. Finally, application of systems biology approaches such as interactomics give clues to a proteins function based on what it interacts with.
Crystallins.
In the case of crystallins, the genes must maintain sequences for catalytic function and transparency maintenance function. The abundant lens crystallins have been generally viewed as static proteins serving a strictly structural role in transparency and cataract. However, recent studies have shown that the lens crystallins are much more diverse than previously recognized and that many are related or identical to metabolic enzymes and stress proteins found in numerous tissues. Unlike other proteins performing highly specialized tasks, such as globin or rhodopsin, the crystallins are very diverse and show numerous species differences. Essentially all vertebrate lenses contain representatives of the α and β/γ crystallins, the "Ubiquitous crystallins", which are themselves heterogeneous, and only few species or selected taxonomic groups use entirely different proteins as lens crystallins.This paradox of crystallins being highly conserved in sequence while extremely diverse in number and distribution shows that many crystallins have vital functions outside the lens and cornea, and this multi-functionality of the crystallins is achieved by gene sharing.
Gene regulation.
Crystallin recruitment may occur by changes in gene regulation that leads to high lens expression. One such example is gluthathione S-transferase/S11-crystallin that was specialized for lens expression by change in gene regulation and gene duplication. The fact that similar transcriptional factors such as Pax-6, and retinoic acid receptors, regulate different crystalline genes, suggests that lens-specific expression have played a crucial role for recruiting multifunctional protein as crystallins. Crystallin recruitment has occurred both with and without gene duplication, and tandem gene duplication has taken place among some of the crystallins with one of the duplicates specializing for lens expression. Ubiquitous α –crystallins and bird δ –crystallins are two examples.
Alpha crystallins.
The α-crystallins, which contributed to the discovery of crystallins as borrowed proteins, have continually supported the theory of gene sharing, and helped delineating the mechanisms used for gene sharing as well. There are two α-crystallin genes (αA and αB), which are about 55% identical in amino acid sequence. Expression studies in non-lens cells showed that the αB-crystallin, other than being a functional lens protein, is a functional small heat shock protein. αB-crystallin is induced by heat and other physiological stresses, and it can protect the cells from elevated temperatures and hypertonic stress. αB-crystallin is also overexpressed in many pathologies, including neurodegenerative diseases, fibroblasts of patients with Werner's disease showing premature senescence, and growth abnormalities. In addition to being overexpressed under abnormal conditions, αB-crystallin is constitutively expressed in heart, skeletal muscle, kidney, lung and many other tissues. In contrast to αB-crystallin, except for low-level expression in the thymus, spleen and retina, αA-crystallin is highly specialized for expression in the lens and is not stress-inducible. However, like αB-crystallin, it can also function as molecular chaperone and protect against thermal stress.
Beta/gamma-crystallins.
β/γ-crystallins are different from α-crystallins in that they are a large multigene family. Other proteins like bacterial spore coat, a slime mold cyst protein, and epidermis differentiation-specific protein, contain the same Greek key motifs and are placed under β/γ crystallin superfamily. This relationship supports the idea that β/γ- crystallins have been recruited by a gene-sharing mechanism. However, except for few reports, non-refractive function of the β/γ-crystallin is yet to be found.
Corneal crystallins.
Similar to lens, cornea is a transparent, avascular tissue derived from the ectoderm that is responsible for focusing light onto the retina. However, unlike lens, cornea depends on the air-cell interface and its curvature for refraction. Early immunology studies have shown that BCP 54 comprises 20–40% of the total soluble protein in bovine cornea. Subsequent studies have indicated that BCP 54 is ALDH3, a tumor and xenobiotic-inducible cytosolic enzyme, found in human, rat, and other mammals.
Non refractive roles of crystallins in lens and cornea.
While it is evident that gene sharing resulted in many of lens crystallins being multifunctional proteins, it is still uncertain to what extent the crystallins use their non-refractive properties in the lens, or on what basis they were selected. The α-crystallins provide a convincing case for a lens crystallin using its non-refractive ability within the lens to prevent protein aggregation under a variety of environmental stresses and to protect against enzyme inactivation by post-translational modifications such as glycation. The α-crystallins may also play a functional role in the stability and remodeling of the cytoskeleton during fiber cell differentiation in the lens. In cornea, ALDH3 is also suggested to be responsible for absorbing UV-B light.
Co-evolution of lens and cornea through gene sharing.
Based on the similarities between lens and cornea, such as abundant water-soluble enzymes, and being derived from ectoderm, the lens and cornea are thought to be co-evolved as a "refraction unit." Gene sharing would maximize light transmission and refraction to the retina by this refraction unit. Studies have shown that many water soluble enzymes/proteins expressed by cornea are identical to taxon-specific lens crystallins, such as ALDH1A1/ η-crystallin, α-enolase/τ-crystallin, and lactic dehydrogenase/ -crystallin. Also, the anuran corneal epithelium, which can transdifferentiate to regenerate the lens, abundantly expresses ubiquitous lens crystallins, α, β and γ, in addition to the taxon-specific crystallin α-enolase/τ-crystallin. Overall, the similarity in expression of these proteins in the cornea and lens, both in abundance and taxon-specificity, supports the idea of co-evolution of lens and cornea through gene sharing.
Relationship to similar concepts.
Gene sharing is related to, but distinct from, several concepts in genetics, evolution, and molecular biology. Gene sharing entails multiple effects from the same gene, but unlike "pleiotropy", it necessarily involves separate functions at the molecular level. A gene could exhibit pleiotropy when single enzyme function affects multiple phenotypic traits; mutations of a shared gene could potentially affect only a single trait. "Gene duplication" followed by differential mutation is another phenomenon thought to be a key element in the evolution of protein function, but in gene sharing, there is no divergence of gene sequence when proteins take on new functions; the single polypeptide takes on new roles while retaining old ones. "Alternative splicing" can result in the production of multiple polypeptides (with multiple functions) from a single gene, but by definition, gene sharing involves multiple functions of a single polypeptide.
Clinical significance.
The multiple roles of moonlighting proteins complicates the determination of phenotype from genotype, hampering the study of inherited metabolic disorders. 
The complex phenotypes of several disorders are suspected to be caused by the involvement of moonlighting proteins. The protein GAPDH has at least 11 documented functions, one of which includes apoptosis. Excessive apoptosis is involved in many neurodegenerative diseases, such as Huntington's, Alzheimer's, and Parkinson's as well as in brain ischemia. In one case, GAPDH was found in the degenerated neurons of individuals who had Alzheimer's disease. 
Although there is insufficient evidence for definite conclusions, there are well documented examples of moonlighting proteins that play a role in disease. One such disease is tuberculosis. One moonlighting protein in the bacterium "M. tuberculosis" has a function which counteracts the effects of antibiotics. Specifically, M. tuberculosis gains antibiotic resistance against ciprofloxacin from overexpression of Glutamate racemase in vivo.

</doc>
<doc id="30999242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999242" title="Vancouver Folk Song Society">
Vancouver Folk Song Society

The Vancouver Folk Song Society is a nonprofit organization that promotes folk music in the Vancouver, British Columbia, area. The society was founded in 1959 as the Folk Song Circle. The VFSS is not primarily a venue for concerts by professional performers, but a place where everyone is encouraged to participate in music.
The society meets twice monthly at the Friends Meeting House in south Vancouver for music events and holds an annual folk music retreat outside of the city.
Goals.
The VFSS is dedicated to promoting the singing, study, and enjoyment of folk music. Its main focus is on participatory music, i.e., music that is shared between equals rather than music performed by a highly accomplished performer for a passive audience. Most events are informal and encourage participation by everyone.
To help ensure that the heritage of folk music is preserved, the society maintains an archive of folk music books and recordings.
Style.
The VFSS has always been a haven for traditional ballads and songs from Canada, the United States, and the British Isles, but has also welcomed a wide range of music, including instrumental music from diverse folk traditions.
Most events are acoustic (no amplification or microphones) and acapella singing (without the accompaniment of musical instruments) makes up a significant part of the music. Most singers encourage the group to sing along and harmonize on choruses of well-known songs and the general atmosphere is one of encouragement and sharing a common love of folk music.
History.
In 1959, a group of friends in Vancouver, British Columbia, began meeting regularly to sing folk songs and share traditional music. This original group included Al Cox, Phil Thomas, Rolf Ingelsrud, and Hilda Thomas.
Their meeting venue for many years was the YMCA on Alma Street and the group was informally known as the “Alma Y Folk Circle.” Although the group was always focused on participatory music, it did host concerts by folk artists such as Roy Bailey and Kevin Burke.
For several years, from 1977 onward, the society ran the Green Cove Coffee House. In the 1970s, the VFSS became involved with publishing, putting out the periodical "Come All Ye" from 1972 to 1977, and "The Canada Folk Bulletin" from 1978 to 1980.
The society’s involvement with political events such as peace rallies and labour strikes began early and, while rising and falling with the political tides and the interests of the members at any given time, this social consciousness has remained a constant thread throughout the group’s five decades.
The VFSS celebrated its golden anniversary in 2009 with a gala concert featuring performances by members past and present.
In 2011, the society established its own YouTube channel, vanfolksongs, with the goal of posting videos filmed at their events.
Radio.
The VFSS produced a radio program titled "Folk Circle" for the radio station CFRO-FM beginning in 1975 and running through the late seventies.
Since 2007, the society has had an ongoing relationship with the folk music program "Melodies in Mind," broadcast live on CJSF-FM radio, with members of the group appearing regularly on the program to perform and talk about VFSS activities. Two members, Rika Ruebsaat and Jon Bartlett, founders of the Princeton Traditional Music Society and its music festival, also appear regularly on the CBC radio program "North by Northwest," to discuss folk music.
Shanty Singing.
The Shanty Crew was an offshoot of the VFSS from 1984 until 2004. For two decades, they performed sailors’ working songs at the Vancouver Maritime Museum, welcomed crowds at the Richmond Tall Ships Festival, and appeared at Vancouver's Cityfest and Seattle's Folklife Festival.
The Crew recorded a CD titled "Blow the Man Down: Tall Ships in the Fraser," complete with detailed historical notes on local maritime history.
In 2009, members of the VFSS formed a new shanty group, The Lazy Jacks, to carry on this tradition of singing maritime music.

</doc>
<doc id="30999248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999248" title="Sincerely Yours">
Sincerely Yours

Sincerely Yours may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30999250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999250" title="Tombstone Territorial Park">
Tombstone Territorial Park

Tombstone Territorial Park is a territorial park in Yukon, Canada. It is located in central Yukon, near the southern end of the Dempster Highway, in an area of rolling tundra. The park is named for Tombstone Mountain's resemblance to a grave marker. It was made a park in 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="30999254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999254" title="Cinebox">
Cinebox

The Cinebox was a coin operated Italian 16mm film projector juke box type machine invented in 1959 that appeared in Europe to rival the French made Scopitone that appeared in 1960. The Cinebox was manufactured in Rome by Ottico Meccanica Italiana.
In 1963 it appeared in the USA and was retitled Colorama in 1965. In 1961 Cinebox machines were placed on ocean liners of the American Export Lines with Cineboxes showing cartoons and short subject comedies in on board nurseries whilst on board lounges showed musical and travelogues. Each of the Cineboxes held five 40 minute films.
In the United States the Cinebox musical juke box provided three minutes of sound film for 25 cents with 40 titles available at a time on the machine.

</doc>
<doc id="30999258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999258" title="Fire in the Blood">
Fire in the Blood

Fire in the Blood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30999353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999353" title="List of A.N.T. Farm episodes">
List of A.N.T. Farm episodes

"A.N.T. Farm" is a Disney Channel original series that follows Chyna Parks (China Anne McClain) and her two best friends Olive Doyle (Sierra McCormick) and Fletcher Quimby (Jake Short) as they transition to a gifted program called "Advanced Natural Talents" (also known as A.N.T.) at a local high school named Webster High. Every episode will have the word "ANT" somewhere in the episode title. Disney renewed "A.N.T. Farm" for its second season November 30, 2011. Filming for season two began in early February 2012.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Episodes.
Season 3 (2013/14).
On October 2, 2012, Disney Channel officially renewed "A.N.T. Farm" for a third season. This season premiered on May 31, 2013. Angus Chestnut (Aedin Mincks) joins the main cast. Cameron Parks (Carlon Jeffery) is no longer part of the main cast. Webster High School's marks its final showing in the one-hour season opening "trANTsferred". Z-Tech Prodigy School took over as the season's new setting. This was the final season of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="30999359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999359" title="Willy Rosen">
Willy Rosen

Willy Rosen (1894–1944) was a German-Jewish composer, songwriter, and renown cabaret player. Rosen was killed in the Auschwitz concentration camp on 29 September 1944.
Rosen was born Julius Rosenbaum or Wilhelm Julius Rosenberg in Magdeburg, Germany. In 1942, Rosen was incarcerated in the Westerbork transit camp, and in 1944 deported to the Auschwitz concentration camp, where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="30999377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999377" title="The Crab Claw Restaurant">
The Crab Claw Restaurant

The Crab Claw is a popular independent-owned restaurant located in St. Michaels, Maryland. They have an extensively large amount of seafood on their menu, and they are known all over Maryland for their steamed crabs. The business evolved from a clam-shucking business established in the 1950s. In 1965, they added a seafood eatery. 
The restaurant, a casual dining establishment, is located on the water. The restaurant serves beer, including Crab Claw Ale. and relies heavily on Old Bay seasoning, a local spice blend. The skipjack "H.M. Krentz" departs from the restaurant's dock on daily excursions. 
The Crab Claw was featured on Food TV's "Fabulous Summer Fun" and in Paula Deen's May 2010 issue. It was awarded "Best Maryland Crab Cakes" by "Southern Living" Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="30999398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999398" title="House of Hoyos">
House of Hoyos

The House of Hoyos is a Spanish and Austro-Hungarian noble family. It 
derives its name from El Hoyo de Pinares in Ávila, Castile and León, and can be traced to the 9th century. Juan de Hoyos and his family accompanied the later Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor to Lower Austria in 1525, founding the Austro-Hungarian branch of the family, that rose to prominence in Austria and in Hungary as Hungarian magnates over the centuries. The older line of the family was elevated to imperial counts in 1628, and became extinct in 1718. A younger line was elevated to imperial counts in 1674.

</doc>
<doc id="30999411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999411" title="The Islamic Globe">
The Islamic Globe

The Islamic Globe is an English-language international weekly e-newspaper published by Eaglemont Media, each issue is distributed digitally and globally. The Islamic Globe primarily covers Islamic finance news and issues and was launched in February 2011. Its purpose is to provide information and opinions as to what was happening in the Islamic finance world.
Overview.
CEO and founder Paul McNamara said, "The Islamic Globe always has a point of view, and usually a strong opinion, which it endeavors to convey. We believe it is possible to cover Islamic finance sanely and intelligently without kowtowing to egos and without being pompous or pretentious."
Competitors.
The competition for The Islamic Globe comes from niche news portals provided by both Thomson Reuters and Bloomberg News.
History.
Eaglemont Media, publisher of The Islamic Globe, was founded in 2010 by media professionals Paul McNamara, Kunal Wadhwani, David Parker, John Foster and Shaun Hoon.
The genesis of the company lies in a vision of Paul McNamara's to build a modern e-publishing business with a focus on the financial services sphere covering niches neglected by other data providers or areas that are badly serviced by existing offerings.
Product Design.
The newspaper is designed to resemble a 1950s-style broadsheet newspaper, complete with yellowing paper and curling edges to remind readers of a time when the quality of the journalism was the most important thing about a newspaper. The Islamic Globe was designed by Brunei multimedia creative agency MixmediaGroup and the designs were further refined by graphic artist Bree Freeman in Wales, UK.
The Islamic Globe is available in PDF format – as well as a number of digital formats including for iPad, iPhone, BlackBerry, Android, and Samsung tablet.
Features.
The newspaper is produced in multiple sections. Regularly scheduled sections are:
Editorial.
The managing editor of The Islamic Globe is John Foster who exercises overall editorial control over the product. Contributions for the weekly are sourced through a wide network of correspondents ensuring that editorial coverage is truly global and captures the frantic pace of growth that the Islamic finance industry is experiencing.
Publisher.
The publisher of The Islamic Globe is Kunal Wadhwani who exercises overall commercial control over the product

</doc>
<doc id="30999416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999416" title="Chavva">
Chavva

Chavva (Telugu చవ్వ) is a South Indian family surname.
In South Indian states like Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and in few states in North India, people will have surname which is Hereditary. Right from hundreds of years people in that family will be getting same surname.
Chavva (చవ్వ) is mainly seen as surname of Andhra Pradesh people a South Indian state.
Their Mother tongue is Telugu language. These people are Hindus belonging to a caste called Reddy or Kapu once rich landlords and most are even now.
The people with this surname are mainly located in Kadapa District, Pulivendula Thaluka. A village called Himakuntla has nearly 70% of people with this surname. Its surrounding villages contain almost the same percentage of population with this surname. Now because of globalization the people with surname are scattered in many parts of the world. 
A Village called Chavva vari palli with the name of CHAVVA,located in Kadapa District, Pulivendula Thaluka has nearly 60% of people with this surname. 
A group of people called as Pichikuntloollu" (పిచ్చికుంట్లోల్లు in Telugu)" whose major work is to remember and propaganda family trees are still seen saying the history of "CHAVVA FAMILY".

</doc>
<doc id="30999429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999429" title="Sydenham Heritage Church">
Sydenham Heritage Church

Sydenham Heritage Church, originally known as the Colombo Street Methodist Church or Colombo Street Wesleyan Church or Colombo Road Wesleyan Church was a heritage-listed stone church building located in Sydenham, an inner suburb Christchurch, New Zealand. It was registered as an "Historic Place – Category II " by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
History.
Christchurch was mainly an Anglican settlement. The congregation of Methodists was small, but they had a significant presence. They built the first stone church in Canterbury in 1864, the Durham Street Methodist Church.
The growth of the congregation, mainly in the working class suburb of New Town (now called Sydenham), required another church. St James church was relocated from Montreal Street in the Christchurch Central City to one of the small streets of New Town. When it was decided to constitute Christchurch South as a separate circuit, and that St James was too small and poorly placed, a new site was sought. Land on Colombo Road was purchased, but it was exchanged in October 1876 for a larger section further south at the intersection of Colombo Road (since renamed as Colombo Street) and Pound Road (since renamed as Brougham Street).
The building was designed in the Gothic Revival style in 1877 by the Melbourne architectural firm of Crouch and Wilson who had earlier designed the Durham Street Methodist Church. Construction was supervised by local architect Thomas Lambert and the building was officially opened in February 1878.
With population in Sydenham declining due to industrialisation of the suburb during the 1960s, and with church attendance generally dropping, the church closed in 1971. The Seventh-day Adventist Church leased the building for a time, before it was sold to the Christian Congregational Church of Samoa. The Samoan congregation built a new church in Linwood in 1997 and a property developer applied for a demolition consent, which sparked a public outcry. The Samoan congregation sold the church to another developer in 1999, whose initial plans of conversion into apartments were changed in 2001 to a demolition consent. This was also withdrawn amidst community resentment.
The building was purchased in 2001 by the newly formed Sydenham Heritage Trust with the help of a Christchurch City Council interest free loan. Restoration and earthquake strengthening was an ongoing activity of the trust. The building was damaged in the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake. It was subsequently demolished by a demolition company without the knowledge or consent of the owners, and without authorisation from the Historic Places Trust, the council archaeologist (who approves demolition applications) or the National Civil Defence Controller (who oversees earthquake responses). A police complaint has been lodged, and an enquiry into the unauthorised demolition is likely. It subsequently emerged that the demolition had been sought and approved by Civil Defence, although approval of demolition was possibly in excess of its legal powers.
Heritage listing.
On 24 June 2005, the building was registered as a Category II heritage item, with the registration number being 3137.

</doc>
<doc id="30999436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999436" title="Halfway, Illinois (Little Juarez)">
Halfway, Illinois (Little Juarez)

Halfway, (or Half Way) Illinois was a rough and very wet unincorporated community nicknamed "Little Juarez" in Williamson County, Illinois, at what is believed to the crossroads of Illinois Route 37 and Stotlar Road between Marion and Johnston City. Its heyday was between 1915 and 1925. The name originated because it was about halfway between Marion and Herrin, located a few miles to the west on what is now a county highway (Stotlar Road). The nickname came about from the general lawlessness, shootings and proliferation of gambling and booze, even during Prohibition. 
It is not to be confused with another ghost town in the county by the same name, Halfway, Illinois, that was a post office and country general store about halfway from Marion and Corinth. 
History.
One of the earliest references to the community dates to September 1916 when the circuit judge, D. T. Hartwell, issued an injunction against 31 saloons and clubs in nearby Herrin restraining them from "selling intoxicating liquors of any kind." The sheriff and his deputy (and future Prohibition Era sheriff) George Galligan served the court injunctions on establishments on the 9th. A few days later one of the Marion newspapers noted that "Herrin is again dry," and that "now Energy and Half Way will become points of interest to Herrin tourists."
Following the onslaught of nationwide Prohibition in 1920, Halfway became an even bigger destination with joints on just about all corners. Charlie Birger, an area bootlegger and gangster became the best known of the local operators. The joints became targets of Klan raids in 1923 and early 1924, followed by two targeted fires which eventually destroyed all of the buildings but Birger's.
On October 7, 1924, Birger's joint burned at Half Way, identified as 3.5 miles north of Marion. "This was one of the buildings which had been closed for a year under a government injunction and was where one room had been used for the sale of refreshments contrary to the law while the other had been prepared for a dance hall altho it had not been opened when the injunction went into effect. At that time it was reported that it was controlled by Charlie Birger. The origin of the fire is unknown. The building was of frame and it and its contents were a total loss."
In June 1925, a reporter described what was left. "For nearly a year, the lone building joint stood alone on the state concrete highway but nothing now remains but weeds, charred wood and broken bottles." Before the fires and the raids, "saloons, dance floors, restaurants and sleeping rooms made up the settlement." He claimed the settlement, also known as Little Juarez, was really a part of Whiteash, but it's not clear if it was actually inside the village, or just adjacent to the village which was generally farther to the east.
Notable shootings.
On June 3, 1923, Ralph "Scrambler" Hill, Charlie "Chink" Schafer and Ezra Fowler engaged in a gunfight leaving Fowler dead and Hill wounded in the thigh and leg. According to testimony at the coroner's inquest, Hill ran a craps game in the roadhouse on the southeast corner of the crossroads. Hill, Schafer, "Tick" Gallagher and Sue Riddle operated the roadhouse. Fowler worked as a coal miner and lived with his family in nearby Whiteash. He was 34 years old and left a widow and two children.
Later that year on November 14, 1923, Charlie Birger killed his bartender Cecil Knighton on the road between two of the roadhouses. Three days later on November 18, 1923, St. Louis gangster William F. "Whitey" Doering was killed on the porch of Birger's establishment and Birger was wounded. No clear account ever determined for certain who shot Doering, though most accounts agree that Doering shot Birger. The latter claimed the deadly shot that killed Doering came from a large car of gunmen that passed down the highway. Other rumors that circulated the following year pegged Doering's death on Birger's bodyguard and bartender that night, Jack "Hoghead" Davis.

</doc>
<doc id="30999440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999440" title="Donald S. Sanford">
Donald S. Sanford

Donald S. Sanford (March 17, 1918 – February 8, 2011) was an American television, radio and film screenwriter. Sanford was known for his work on numerous television series, as well as his role as the author of the screenplay for the 1976 World War II film "Midway", starring Charlton Heston and Henry Fonda, which became a cult classic.
Biography.
Sanford was born March 17, 1918. He served as a chief sonar soundman in the United States Navy from 1942 to 1945 during World War II.
Sanford began his career, initially in radio and television, after leaving the U.S. Navy. He began writing for the radio series "Martin Kane, Private Eye", during the early 1950s. Sanford segued to television in the 1950s, and his professional credits ultimately included episodes of "The Plainclothesman", "Gunsmoke", "Bonanza", "Dr. Kildare", "Letter to Loretta", "Perry Mason" and "The Outer Limits", among others.
Sanford's film screenplay credits during the 1960s included three feature films set during the World War II era: "Submarine X-1", "The Thousand Plane Raid", and "Mosquito Squadron", all of which were released in 1969. However, Sanford's best-known screenplay was for the 1976 World War II film "Midway", which was directed by Jack Smight and starred Charlton Heston.
Sanford's last screenwriting credit before his retirement was for the 1979 sci-fi film "Ravagers". He later became chief executive officer of Stansbury, Inc., a mining company specializing in vermiculite. He remained active in the screenwriting industry, serving on the Pension and Health Finance Committee for the Writers Guild of American Pension and Health Fund. Sanford was also a full member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and the Writers Guild of America.
Donald S. Sanford died at a hospital in Atlanta, Georgia, on February 8, 2011, at the age of 92. He was survived by his wife of 35 years, Teddi, and his three stepchildren, Jennifer Levison, Daniel Levison, and Michael Levison.

</doc>
<doc id="30999463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999463" title="National Bellas Hess v. Illinois">
National Bellas Hess v. Illinois

In National Bellas Hess v. Department of Revenue, 386 U.S. 753, 87 S.Ct. 1389 (1967), the Supreme Court ruled that a mail order reseller was not required to collect sales tax unless it had some physical contact with the state.
Background.
National Bellas Hess was a mail order seller of various consumer products. Its principal place of business was in Missouri. It owned no tangible property in Illinois and had no sales outlets, representatives, telephone listing, or solicitors in that state. It did not advertise there by radio, television, billboards, or newspapers. It mailed catalogues to customers throughout the United States, including Illinois. Orders for merchandise were mailed to appellant's Missouri plant, and goods were sent to customers by mail or common carrier. The State of Illinois attempted to force National Bellas Hess to collect a use tax from its customers.
Ruling.
"The Commerce Clause prohibits a State from imposing the duty of use tax collection and payment upon a seller whose only connection with customers in the State is by common carrier or by mail." The court stated that "the Court has never held that a State may impose the duty of use tax collection and payment upon a seller whose only connection with customers in the State is by common carrier or the United States mail." The opinion cited Miller Brothers Co. v. Maryland, 347 U.S. 340.
In 1992, the Supreme Court ruled similarly in Quill Corp. v. North Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="30999467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999467" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Refugio County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Refugio County, Texas

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Refugio County, Texas.
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Refugio County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
There are 2 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="30999477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999477" title="ICEC">
ICEC

ICEC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30999504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999504" title="SonReal">
SonReal

Aaron Hoffman (born August 16, 1985) better known by his stage name SonReal is a Vancouver-based Canadian hip hop and alternative artist signed to the Blackbox Recordings indie record label. He has released multiple free online albums in addition to the Juno Nominated commercial release The Closers with Toronto's Rich Kidd.

</doc>
<doc id="30999514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999514" title="Defensive meritorious badge">
Defensive meritorious badge

Defensive meritorious badge (Japanese: 防衛功労章) is the decorative insignia for the Members of Japan Self-Defense Forces. The Officials who have been won Special Encomium, 1st Encomium, 2nd Encomium, or 3rd Encomium are given as the supplementary prize.
Sorts.
The shape is the rays of the rising sun which is vertically long. If the several badges were given, the winner must wear the only highest badge.

</doc>
<doc id="30999521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999521" title="Manuel Meli">
Manuel Meli

Manuel Meli (born March 25, 1995 in Rome) is an Italian voice actor. Meli contributes to voicing characters in cartoons, anime, movies, and sitcoms.
He is well known for providing the voice of Phineas Flynn in the Italian-language version of the Disney Channel original animated series Phineas and Ferb. He is also well known for voicing Cody Martin in the Italian-language versions of The Suite Life of Zack & Cody and The Suite Life on Deck
Meli works at Dubbing Brothers, C.D. Cine Dubbing, LaBibi.it,and other dubbing studios in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="30999531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999531" title="Alma Julia Hightower">
Alma Julia Hightower

Alma Julia Hightower (November 27, 1888 - August 1, 1970) was an African-American vocalist, musician and music teacher. From the early 1920s to the mid-1960s she taught thousands of children and adults, many of whom became outstanding performers, such as Clarence McDonald.
Biography.
She was born Alma Julia Webster on November 27, 1888, in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and had at least four siblings, three brothers and a sister.
She moved to Los Angeles, California, in the 1920s, first living with her nephew Alton Redd. She later moved to a rented house at 1553½ East 33rd Street in Los Angeles for a number of years and began her illustrious career as a musician, composer, band leader and music teacher mostly at her Hightower Music Studio and Conservatory in Los Angeles, California, on Vernon Avenue between Mettler Street and Towne Avenue. She was an accomplished musician who played saxophone, drums and piano.
The WPA.
During the years of the Work Projects Administration (WPA), 1936–43, Hightower participated in the arts, drama, media and literace projects of the WPA, where she taught hundreds of young people to act, dance, sing and play musical instruments at the Ross Snyder Recreation Center.
The WPA was a large and ambitious New Deal agency that employed millions to carry out public works projects, including the construction of public buildings and roads. It fed children and distributed food, clothing, and housing. Almost every community in the United States had a park, bridge or school constructed by the agency, which especially benefited rural and Western populations. The budget at the outset of the WPA in 1935 was 1.4 billion dollars. There were an estimated 10 million unemployed persons at the time and the WPA provided work for three million of them. Expenditure from 1936 to 1939 totaled nearly $7 billion and by 1943, the total amount spent was more than $11 billion.
Music studio on Vernon Avenue.
Hightower purchased a half-acre of property at 466 East Vernon Avenue on July 14, 1943, where she had rental apartments and a Music Studio Conservatory constructed from a four-car garage.
Family.
Alma was married briefly to a man named Hightower. In about 1927 she adopted the young daughter (Minnie Alma) of a Louisiana friend. She also had a very large extended family in the children of her siblings, her nephews and nieces including Alton Redd, Daniel Webster, Geraldine and Fred Thompson, Hazel Stanislaus, Vivian Carrington, Dorothy Lawson and Allen Webster. She was known as Aunt Alma to her many nieces and nephews, “Bamma” to the three children (Clifford Allan, Walter Michael and Deborah Juliana) of her adopted daughter Minnie Moore Hightower; and Mrs. Hightower to the many students who studied music with her. In 1947, Minnie Hightower played in an all-girl band that opened the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas.
The group was called The Four Queens and included Elyse Blye on piano, Doris Jarrett on bass, Minnie on alto sax and Clora Bryant on trumpet.
Alma Hightower died on August 1, 1970, in Los Angeles, at the age of 82.
Legacy.
On November 30, 2007, she was one of 32 entertainers honored at the Community Build Park in Los Angeles.
Notable students.
Many of Hightower's students became renowned musicians, including:

</doc>
<doc id="30999559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999559" title="H. K. Bedford">
H. K. Bedford

The H. K Bedford was a passenger and trade ship of the Greene Line.
Ship history.
It was built in 1886 at Jeffersonville, Indiana for trade along the Ohio River and upper Cumberland River. In June 1890 she was purchased by Gordon C. Greene. She was caught in an ice floe and sank on February 29, 1912 about 8 miles upstream from Marietta, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="30999560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999560" title="Shahrdari Square (Shiraz)">
Shahrdari Square (Shiraz)

Shahrdari (Shohada) Square is a square in Shiraz, Iran where Hejrat Street, Piruzi Street and Zand Boulevard meet. There are Shiraz Minicipality, Arg of Karim Khan and Shiraz main court near this location.

</doc>
<doc id="30999586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999586" title="Ease of Access">
Ease of Access

Ease of Access, formerly Utility Manager, is a component of Windows NT family of operating systems that enables use of assistive technologies. Utility Manager is included with Windows XP and later. Ease of Access is a Control Panel applet included in Windows Vista and later.
The keyboard shortcut for invoking Utility Manager or Ease of Access is . The command-line shortcut (used in Command Prompt or Run command) is codice_1.

</doc>
<doc id="30999616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999616" title="Young Conservatives of Texas">
Young Conservatives of Texas

Young Conservatives of Texas (YCT) is a nonpartisan conservative youth organization based in Texas. Founded in 1980, it has chapters at seven universities—including Baylor University, the University of Houston, St. Edward's University, the University of Texas at Austin, the University of Texas at Dallas, Tarleton State University, and Texas Tech University.
A total of 177 delegates attended the first convention. YCT and its members participate in a wide spectrum of Texas politics, attempting to shape the policies of the state of Texas and the whole of the United States.
History.
Young Conservatives of Texas was formed by a faction that split off from Young Americans for Freedom (YAF) in 1980.
The Texas chapter of YAF, led by student activist Steve Munisteri, broke off after a dispute with the national organization. The Young Conservatives of Texas was founded on March 2, 1980, (Texas Independence Day) in Austin. There was a convention held that day wherein Congressman Bill Archer, Ernest Angelo (former Mayor of Midland and former National Committeeman), and many others spoke at a gathering to launch the group. A total of 177 persons attended part or all of the convention. At the conclusion of the convention, it was decided that Young Conservatives of Texas would be founded.
Chronology.
A few selected events from the YCT history:
YCT alumni in politics.
YCT alumni can be found working in a number of political capacities, and several members and alumni have successfully run for public office. A partial list can be found below.
Activities.
Protests and demonstrations.
Some YCT chapters have garnered media attention from their often deliberately controversial protests. These demonstrations have included such events as the American Civil Liberties Union Nativity scene, Affirmative Action Bakesales, Catch an Illegal Immigrant, playing Rush Limbaugh on a PA System "because we can," and protesting Ted Kennedy's reception of the George Bush Award for Excellence in Public Service. The Texas A&M YCT chapter has also conducted mock wedding ceremonies with things such as bicycles, books, and animals to protest against gay marriage.
Endorsements and campaign.
Each election cycle, members of YCT meet with candidates for office in the state of Texas to conduct interviews to determine that candidate's adherence to conservatism. Based on these interviews, YCT offers its official endorsement of the candidate in each race who it believes to be the most conservative. Members then campaign for the endorsed candidates in their respective races. The endorsements are decided by the board of state officers and chapter chairmen from each university. Individual chapters are not allowed to issue endorsements.
Rating the Texas Legislature.
YCT has consistently rated the Texas legislature going back to the 1975 Legislative Session. In doing so, Young Conservatives of Texas has now compiled 38 years worth of ratings of the Texas Senate and Texas Legislature which track the ideological shift in Texas political parties over that time.
Controversy.
On October 1, 2013 the Young Conservatives chapter at UT Austin held a bake sale to show the effects of affirmative action on minorities. Prices were different depending on the person's race. The head of the chapter Lorenzo Garcia said they wanted to show how affirmative action can be more harmful then helpful and said it can cause reverse racism. However, it received negative reactions even from the school's own news columnist. Pavel Nitchovski, a columnist at the "Horn," a local newspaper that covers UT Austin said "What’s so sad about this whole bake sale (aside from its utter tastelessness and caricaturization of a very serious issue) is that the people involved actually think that they’re making a valid intellectual point with their childish actions," Nitchovski wrote. "They are convinced that rather than behaving like attention-seeking children, they are genuinely starting an intellectual discourse."
The next month, the same chapter made national headlines when they proposed an on-campus game called "Catch an Illegal Immigrant," involving students in red shirts that said "Illegal Immigrant" whose capture would net a player 25 dollars. They cancelled plans after criticism from other students, the administration, and state attorney general Greg Abbott, a Republican. This time chapter head Garcia said, "The idea for the event was intentionally over-the-top in order to get attention for the subject."

</doc>
<doc id="30999633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999633" title="Raymond McCullough">
Raymond McCullough

Raymond McCullough (1919-June 1985) was a Northern Ireland politician with the Ulster Unionist Party. 
McCullough, who was Honorary Secretary of the South Down Unionist Association, was elected to Banbridge District Council uon that body's creation in 1973 and subsequently served as chairman. He was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly at the 1982 election to represent South Down and remained a member until his death, serving as deputy chairman of the Agriculture Committee and a member of the Environment Committee. He was also a member of the committee of the Grand Orange Lodge of Ireland.
Following his death McCullough's Assembly seat was won by Jeffrey Donaldson whilst his council seat went to his daughter Vivienne McCullough as an independent Unionist.

</doc>
<doc id="30999636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999636" title="Right Now (SR-71 song)">
Right Now (SR-71 song)

"Right Now" is the first single by pop punk group SR-71 from their debut studio album, "Now You See Inside". The song reached #2 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart. It remained in the top 10 in on the chart for 11 consecutive weeks and became the biggest hit of the band's career.

</doc>
<doc id="30999643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999643" title="Lucien Gagnon">
Lucien Gagnon

Lucien Gagnon (8 January 1793 – 7 January 1843) was a farmer who fought in the Lower Canada Rebellion.
Biography.
Gagnon was born in La Prairie, Quebec. He was among the first to take part in the agitation in Canada against the British government, was present at the assembly of the six confederate counties at St. Charles, 23 October 1837, and left the meeting convinced that insurrection was the only remedy for Canadian grievances. He then traveled through every part of the parish of St. Valentine and the neighboring parishes, preparing the people for the struggle.
After being defeated at St. Charles, the chiefs of the insurrection, who had fled to the United States, decided, after reaching Swanton, to return to Canada. They were convinced that Robert Nelson was waiting for them at St. Cesaire at the head of a considerable force. As they were not numerous enough to venture on such an incursion, Gagnon offered to go to Canada and return with a sufficient number to give the enterprise a chance of success. He crossed the frontier during the night, raised his native parish, as well as the surrounding ones, and succeeded in organizing a band of 50 determined men with whom he managed to recross the frontier, although it was well guarded. The band entered Swanton, where it was received with enthusiasm by the refugees and by the Americans who at this point did everything to help the insurgents.
Between 70 and 80 men passed into Canada, but, on their way to join Nelson, they met 400 volunteers who were waiting for them at Moore's Corner. In the fight that ensued, Gagnon was twice wounded, and escaped across the frontier with great difficulty. He was soon afterward joined by his wife, her mother, and his eight children, who had been driven, almost naked, from their home under circumstances of great barbarity.
On 28 February, Gagnon attempted to enter Canada with a band of 300 men which had been organized by Nelson. They were arrested at the frontier by U. S. troops, and tried for violating the neutrality laws, but, as they were without arms, they were acquitted. Gagnon afterward entered Canada and was charged by Nelson with the duty of keeping up free communication between Rouse's Point and Napierville. He was present at the fight at Odelltown, 10 November 1838, and succeeded in reaching the United States afterward. The privations that he had endured caused consumption, which ultimately ended his life; he died at Champlain, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="30999681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999681" title="Gordon C. Greene">
Gordon C. Greene

Captain Gordon Christopher Greene (September 8, 1862 - January 20, 1927), was the owner of the Greene Line of river steamboats.
Biography.
He was born on September 8, 1862 in Newport, Ohio. In 1890 he started the Greene Line of river steamboats with Henry K. Bedford. He married Mary Catherine Becker in 1890 and had three sons, Christopher Becker Greene, Henry Wilkins Greene, and Thomas Rea Greene. The Gordon C. Greene ship was built in 1923.
He died on January 20, 1927 in Hyde Park, Cincinnati in Ohio. He was buried in Newport Cemetery in Ohio. After his death, his widow Mary served as company head and became one of the only women pilots on the river.

</doc>
<doc id="30999690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999690" title="List of number-one singles of 2007 (Finland)">
List of number-one singles of 2007 (Finland)

This is the complete list of (physical and digital) number-one singles sold in Finland in 2007 according to the Official Finnish Charts. The list on the left side of the box ("Suomen virallinen singlelista", "the Official Finnish Singles Chart") represents both physical and digital track sales and the one on the right side ("Suomen virallinen latauslista", "the Official Finnish Download Chart") represents sales of digital tracks.
NB! The digital downloads have been tracked for charts since week 5 of 2007. From week 40, they have also counted towards the singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30999698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999698" title="Raymond McCrea">
Raymond McCrea

Raymond Stuart McCrea (born 1945) is a former Northern Ireland politician with the Democratic Unionist Party. 
McCrea was elected to Belfast City Council in 1977 and sat on the body until 1985, serving as leader of the DUP council group in 1981. He was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly at the 1982 election to represent South Belfast, serving as a member of the Environment, Health and Social Services committees. At the 1983 general election McCrea was DUP candidate for South Belfast although he finished in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="30999712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999712" title="Robbie Weir">
Robbie Weir

Robert James "Robbie" Weir (born 9 December 1988) is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays for Burton Albion as a midfielder.
Club career.
Larne.
Born in Belfast, Weir started his career with the Larne youth system. He started playing for the first team in the 2004–05 season as a 15-year old and he scored his first goal in a 5–2 victory over Crusaders on 9 October 2004. He had unsuccessful trials with Fulham, Stoke City and Rangers, although Larne manager Jimmy McGeough criticised these, saying "I'm not sure it proves anything. He's a great prospect and one who'll learn his trade in senior football here". Weir agreed to sign for English Championship club Sunderland in February 2005. He finished the season with two Irish Premier League goals and played in the Irish Cup Final, which Larne lost 5–1 to Portadown, and was named the Northern Ireland Football Writers' Association Young Player of the Year.
Sunderland.
Weir played for Sunderland in their youth team and was part of the team that reached the Premier Academy League Final in May 2007, where they were beaten 4–1 by Leicester City in a penalty shoot-out. He joined Conference Premier side York City on a one-month loan on 12 November 2010 following a trial. He made his debut in a 1–1 draw with Wrexham on 14 November 2010 and after impressing manager Gary Mills the loan was extended until 10 January 2011 in December. He finished the loan with eight appearances.
Tranmere Rovers.
Weir signed for League One club Tranmere Rovers on loan until the end of the 2010–11 season on 14 February 2011. He made his debut in a 2–1 defeat at Peterborough United as a 74th minute substitute on 19 February. On 7 April Sunderland announced that he was amongst eight players to be released at the end of the season.
At the end of the 2010–11 season he was offered a contract by Tranmere and he subsequently agreed to sign for the club permanently. He signed for the club on a one-year contract on 29 June 2011. His first goal for the club came on the first day of the 2011–12 season, in a 1–0 home win against Chesterfield.
Burton Albion.
On 31 May 2012, Weir signed a two-year contract with League Two club Burton Albion.
International career.
Weir was part of the Northern Ireland under-18 squad in March 2005 and was capped by the team during a week-long visit to the Canary Islands in February 2006. He was named captain of the under-19 squad in October and led the team out in a 4–2 defeat to Belgium, and in July 2007 was called up for the 2007 Milk Cup and he started as the team were beaten 4–1 by Israel in August. He was named in the under-21 squad in February 2008 to play Israel as a replacement for Dermot McCaffrey. Weir was capped once by the Northern Ireland B team in 2009. He played for the under-21s in a 1–1 draw with Germany in October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30999721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999721" title="Fiestas of National Tourist Interest of Spain">
Fiestas of National Tourist Interest of Spain

The category of Fiesta of National Tourist Interest in Spain is an honorary designation given to festivals or events held in Spain and that offer real interest from the tourism perspective.
May.
From 1 to 6: Fiestas Mayores de Almansa (Moros y Cristianos).www.agrupaciondecomparsas.com
First Sunday of Pentecost, La Caballada of Atienza (Guadalajara).
First Sunday of May, Fiestas Aracelitanas. Lucena (Córdoba). http://www.virgendearaceli.com
First Sunday of May, Pilgrimage of San Benito Abad.El Cerro de Andévalo http://www.sanbenitoelcerro.com
First weekend of May: Day of the Almadía. Burgi (Navarre). http://www.almadiasdenavarra.com
First week of May: Fiesta de las Cruces, Córdoba.
Fiesta of the first Friday of May, in Jaca (Huesca).
1-2. Romería de Nuestra Señora de la Estrella. Navas de San Juan (Jaén).
Fiestas de la Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
Fiestas de la Santísima Vera Cruz. Caravaca de la Cruz (Murcia).
Fiesta de la Santa Cruz. Feria (Badajoz).
3 al 14. Festival de los Patios Cordobeses. Córdoba
10-15. Fiestas Patronales de Santo Domingo. Santo Domingo de la Calzada (La Rioja).
14-18. Fiestas Patronales de Madrid (Fiestas de San Isidro).[http://www.esmadrid.com/sanisidro/inicio.html], Madrid.
14-18. Fiestas Hispano-Arabs in honor to Saint Boniface. Petrer (Alicante).
17. Festa de la Llana. Ripoll (Girona).
L'aplec del cargol. (Lleida)
31. Pilgrimage of San Isidro Labrador. Realejo Alto (Santa Cruz de Tenerife).
May 31-June 1. Festa Major de Sant Feliu de Pallerols (Girona).
Last week of May: Feria de Córdoba.
Variable date. Feria de Mayo de Dos Hermanas - Seville
July.
Second Sunday. Festas de San Antón. Gastronomic Fiesta da Solla, Catoira (Pontevedra)
First Friday. The Coso Blanco. Castro Urdiales (Cantabria).
4-6. A Rapa das Bestas of A Estrada (Pontevedra).
4-12. Els Bous a la Mar. Dénia (Alicante).
Fiestas del Cordero. Lena (Asturias).
A Rapa das Bestas of Viveiro (Lugo).
5-11. International Rafting of the River Noguera-Pallaresa. Sort (Lleida).
10-12. Festival of the Cider of Nava. Nava (Asturias).
11. Festas de San Benitiño de Lérez. Pontevedra.
12. Aplec de la Sardana. Olot (Girona).
12. Pilgrimage of San Benito Abad. San Cristóbal de La Laguna (Santa Cruz de Tenerife).
16. Fiestas de la Virgen del Carmen. San Pedro del Pinatar (Region of Murcia).
19-22. Commemorates Fiestas to the Battle of Bailén. Bailén (Jaén)
22-23. Dance of the Stilts. Anguiano (La Rioja).
24. Festes Tradicionals de Santa Cristina. Lloret de Mar (Girona).
24-30. Fiestas Patronales de Santa Ana. Tudela (Navarre).
25. Fiesta del Pastor. Cangas de Onís (Asturias).
26. Fiesta de Los Vaqueiros d'Alzada. Luarca (Asturias).
September.
1-8. Fiestas of the Wine. Valdepeñas (Ciudad Real).
3-6. Fiestas of the Mutiny. Aranjuez (Community of Madrid).
3-8. Feria y Fiestas en Honor a María Santísima de la Sierra Cabra (Córdoba)
4-9. Moros y Cristianos of Villena. Villena (Alicante).
5-6. Fiestas del Santo Niño. Majaelrayo (Guadalajara).
6 and 9. The Cascamorras. Baza and Guadix (Granada)
6. Festes de la Beata. Santa Margalida (Balearic Islands).
6-10. Moros y Cristianos of Caudete. Caudete (Albacete).
7-8. Festes de la Mare de Déu de la Salut. Algemesí (Valencia).
7-8. Moros y Cristianos of L'Olleria. L'Olleria (Valencia).
Around day 8. Feria y Fiestas de Nuestra Señora de Consolación. Utrera (Seville).
8. Pilgrimage of Nuestra Señora de Los Ángeles. Alájar (Huelva).
8. Fiesta de la Virgen de La Guía. Llanes (Asturias).
8. Fiesta de la Virgen Nuestra Señora de las Nieves. La Zarza (Badajoz)
8. Fiestas de Nuestra Señora del Pino. Teror (Las Palmas de Gran Canaria).
8-9. Festes de la Mare de Déu de l'Ermitana. Peñíscola (Castellón).
9-12. International Festival of Folklore in the Mediterranean.
11-14.Pilgrimage of Virxe da Barca. Muxía (A Coruña).
12-15. Festa Major and Correbou. Cardona (Barcelona).
12-15. Fiestas Patronales de Graus in honor to Santo Cristo and San Vicente Ferrer. Graus (Huesca).
13. Pilgrimage of Nuestra Señora de Chilla. Candeleda (Ávila).
13. Pilgrimage to la Virgen de Gracia. San Lorenzo de El Escorial (Community of Madrid).
14. Bullfighting in the Sea. Candás (Asturias).
15. Toro de la Vega. Tordesillas (Valladolid).
15-24. Festes de Santa Tecla. Tarragona
17-23. Carthaginians and Romans. Cartagena (Murcia).
17-21. Real Feria y Fiesta de la Vendimia. La Palma del Condado (Huelva).
19. Day of America in Asturias. Oviedo (Asturias).
20. Pilgrimage of Santísimo Cristo del Caloco. El Espinar (Segovia).
18-20. Fiestas de San Mateo of Camarena de la Sierra (Teruel).
20-26. Fiestas de San Mateo of Logroño. Logroño (La Rioja).
24. La Mercè. Barcelona.
27. Pilgrimage in Honor to the Saints Martyrs Cosmas and Damian. Mieres (Asturias).
27. Day of Campoo. Reinosa (Cantabria).
October.
Festes de la Sagrada Família i el Santíssim Crist. La Vall d'Uixó (Castellón).
First weekend of October, Fiestas de Nuestra Señora de los Prado. Garganta de los Montes (Community of Madrid).
4-12. Festas de San Froilán, Lugo.
6-13. Festa of the Seafood. O Grove (Pontevedra).
Around day 12. Fiestas del Pilar. Zaragoza
10-13. Moros y Cristianos of Callosa d'En Sarrià. Callosa d'En Sarrià (Alicante).
17-19. As San Lucas. Mondoñedo (Lugo).
Third Sunday of October. Pilgrimage of Valme. Dos Hermanas (Seville).
November.
Fiesta de los Humanitarios de San Martín. Moreda de Aller (Asturias).
Feria de todos los santos. Cocentaina (Alicante).

</doc>
<doc id="30999724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999724" title="Bayesian tool for methylation analysis">
Bayesian tool for methylation analysis

Bayesian tool for methylation analysis, also known as BATMAN, is a statistical tool for analyzing methylated DNA immunoprecipitation (MeDIP) profiles. It can be applied to large datasets generated using either oligonucleotide arrays (MeDIP-chip) or next-generation sequencing (MeDIP-seq), providing a quantitative estimation of absolute methylation state in a region of interest.
Theory.
MeDIP (methylated DNA immunoprecipitation) is an experimental technique used to assess DNA methylation levels by using an antibody to isolate methylated DNA sequences. The isolated fragments of DNA are either hybridized to a microarray chip (MeDIP-chip) or sequenced by next-generation sequencing (MeDIP-seq). While this tells you what areas of the genome are methylated, it does not give absolute methylation levels. Imagine two different genomic regions, "A" and "B". Region "A" has six CpGs (DNA methylation in mammalian somatic cells generally occurs at CpG dinucleotides), three of which are methylated. Region "B" has three CpGs, all of which are methylated. As the antibody simply recognizes methylated DNA, it will bind both these regions equally and subsequent steps will therefore show equal signals for these two regions. This does not give the full picture of methylation in these two regions (in region "A" only half the CpGs are methylated, whereas in region "B" all the CpGs are methylated). Therefore, to get the full picture of methylation for a given region you have to normalize the signal you get from the MeDIP experiment to the number of CpGs in the region, and this is what the Batman algorithm does. Analysing the MeDIP signal of the above example would give Batman scores of 0.5 for region "A" (i.e. the region is 50% methylated) and 1 for region "B" (i.e. The region is 100% methylated). In this way Batman converts the signals from MeDIP experiments to absolute methylation levels.
Development of Batman.
The core principle of the Batman algorithm is to model the effects of varying density of CpG dinucleotides, and the effect this has on MeDIP enrichment of DNA fragments.
The basic assumptions of Batman:
Basic parameters in Batman:
Based on these assumptions, the signal from the MeDIP channel of the MeDIP-chip or MeDIP-seq experiment depends on the degree of enrichment of DNA fragments overlapping that probe, which in turn depends on the amount of antibody binding, and thus to the number of methylated CpGs on those fragments. In Batman model, the complete dataset from a MeDIP/chip experiment, A, can be represented by a statistical model in the form of the following probability distribution:
where formula_2("x"|"μ", "σ"2) is a Gaussian probability density function. Standard Bayesian techniques can be used to infer "f"("m"|"A"), that is, the distribution of likely methylation states given one or more sets of MeDIP-chip/MeDIP-seq outputs. To solve this inference problem, Batman uses nested sampling (http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/bayesys/) to generate 100 independent samples from "f"("m"|"A") for each tiled region of the genome, then summarizes the most likely methylation state in 100-bp windows by fitting beta distributions to these samples. The modes of the most likely beta distributions were used as final methylation calls.
Work flow of Batman.
Batman prerequisites:
Run Batman:
Visualization of Batman Data:
More details related to Batman procedure can be found in Batman manual freely online from http://td-blade.gurdon.cam.ac.uk/software/batman/batmanual-alpha-0.2.3.pdf
Limitations.
It may be useful to take the following points into account when considering using Batman:

</doc>
<doc id="30999745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999745" title="Anne N. Foreman">
Anne N. Foreman

Anne Newman Foreman (born ca. 1947) is a United States diplomat, lawyer, and businesswoman, who was General Counsel of the Air Force from 1987 to 1989 and United States Under Secretary of the Air Force from 1989 to 1993.
Biography.
Anne N. Foreman was educated at Newbury College, receiving a B.A. in History and French, and an M.A. in History. She also later obtained a J.D. from the Washington College of Law.
After completing her education, Foreman joined the United States Foreign Service, serving in Beirut and Tunis and as a delegate to the 31st Session United Nations General Assembly (1976). In the later 1970s, Foreman practiced law at the law firm of Bracewell & Patterson in Houston and then, from 1979 to 1985, at Boodle Hatfield in London.
In 1985, Foreman took a job at the White House as Associate Director of Presidential Personnel for National Security, a job she held until 1987. She was General Counsel of the Air Force from 1987 to 1989. From September 1987 to January 1993, she was United States Under Secretary of the Air Force.
Foreman has worked in the private sector since leaving government service in 1993, including as a Director of Wackenhut, Ultra Electronics, and Trust Services, Inc. In 1999, she became the court appointed trustee of a claims management company, the National Gypsum Company Bodily Injury Trust, and director and treasurer of a second claims management company, the Asbestos Claims Management Corporation. She joined the Board of the GEO Group in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="30999753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999753" title="John Strauss">
John Strauss

John Leonard Strauss (April 28, 1920 – February 14, 2011) was an American television and film composer and music editor. Strauss co-wrote the theme song for the NBC television series, "Car 54, Where Are You?", with Nat Hiken. He also won a Grammy Award for his work as the producer of the soundtrack for the 1984 film, "Amadeus". He was also frequently collaborated with director Woody Allen in his films, including "Take the Money and Run" in 1969 and "Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask)" in 1972.
Strauss was born in New York City. He served in the United States Army in both North Africa and France during World War II. He studied at Yale University with Paul Hindemith following the end of the war.
In addition to co-writing the theme song for the TV sitcom Car 54, Where Are You?, Strauss won an Emmy Award in sound editing for his work on the 1978 television movie, "The Amazing Howard Hughes".
Strauss married actress Charlotte Rae on November 4, 1951, but the marriage ended in divorce in 1976. The couple had two sons, Larry and Andrew. Strauss' partner, Lionel Friedman, died in 2003.
A longtime resident of Los Angeles, Strauss died in that city on February 14, 2011, of Parkinson's disease, at the age of 90.

</doc>
<doc id="30999794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999794" title="Give Out, Sisters">
Give Out, Sisters

Give Out, Sisters is a 1942 American film starring The Andrews Sisters. 
The film co-stars Dan Dailey, and the teenage couple of the time, Donald O'Connor and Peggy Ryan. Dailey and O'Connor went on to be in the 1954 film "There's No Business Like Show Business".

</doc>
<doc id="30999796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999796" title="Felisberto Caldeira Brant, Marquis of Barbacena">
Felisberto Caldeira Brant, Marquis of Barbacena

Felisberto Caldeira Brant Pontes de Oliveira Horta, the Marquis of Barbacena (1772-1842) was a soldier and statesman of both Portugal and the Empire of Brazil.
Life.
Brant was born in Portugal in 1772. He attended the Royal College of Nobles in Lisbon, eventually becoming an officer in the Portuguese army. Early in his career, Brant was sent to Angola, where he served as aide de camp to the royal governor there. In 1807, during the French invasion of Portugal, the Prince Regent, Dom João VI, fled to Brazil with a large retinue. Brant, who had by then returned to Portugal, accompanied the Prince Regent to South America. Here, he became a pioneer in the field of steam transportation, developing such an interest in the method that he was granted official authorization to study it.
By 1821, the Prince Regent had returned to Portugal, leaving his son Dom Pedro I in control of Brazil. Relations between the two regions grew tense, and Brazil broke away from the kingdom. Brant supported Dom Pedro, now the Emperor, being sent on a diplomatic mission to London by José Bonifácio, the minister for both internal and foreign affairs. He met little success during his stay in England, and he returned to Brazil by 1826.During the Cisplatine War (1825-1828) with Argentina, Brant rose to become commander-in-chief of Brazilian forces. He commanded the Brazilian army during a failed invasion of Argentina, and was fought to a draw in the Battle of Ituzaingó. In 1829, Brant was charged with finding a bride for Dom Pedro. He succeeded in this mission, but fell from grace shortly afterward. He died in 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="30999838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999838" title="Brett Gallant (ice hockey)">
Brett Gallant (ice hockey)

Brett Gallant (born December 28, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the New York Islanders in the National Hockey League. 
Gallant played junior hockey with the Summerside Western Capitals of the Maritime Junior A Hockey League (MJAHL). He was the team captain during the 2008–09 season when they won the Fred Page Cup, scoring 73 points in 50 games.
Gallant was recalled by the New York Islanders from the Bridgeport Sound Tigers of the American Hockey League on April 7, 2014. He played four games in that stretch, recording three fights against noted heavyweights Matt Kassian, George Parros, and Zenon Konopka. He knocked down Kassian with a single punch. He then handled Parros quite easily in his second fight. He scored a draw with Konopka.
These fights against such tough players earned him considerable headlines, and he made quite a name for himself.

</doc>
<doc id="30999872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999872" title="It Comes Up Love">
It Comes Up Love

It Comes Up Love is a 1943 American, black and white, musical comedy starring Gloria Jean, Ian Hunter, and Donald O'Connor. It is the only film starring Jean and O'Connor that doesn't also star Peggy Ryan, another one of the talented teenagers at Universal Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="30999897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30999897" title="Shooting at the 2002 Asian Games">
Shooting at the 2002 Asian Games

Shooting at the 2002 Asian Games was held in Changwon International Shooting Range, Changwon, South Korea between 2 and 8 October, 2002.
Participating nations.
A total of 407 athletes from 34 nations competed in shooting at the 2002 Asian Games:

</doc>
