<doc id="31206639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206639" title="Children of Chernobyl Benefit Concert">
Children of Chernobyl Benefit Concert

The Children of Chernobyl Benefit Concert was held at the Minsk Dynama Stadium (Minsk) in Belarus, Russia on April 23 and 24, 1991, five years after the nuclear reactor’s meltdown. The event featured bands from around the world and served to raise awareness of the terrible legacy of Chernobyl as representatives from the United Nations and AEA met to discuss the causes and effects of the disaster with government officials. A documentary called "Playing for Time" (Let the Requiem Begin) about the concert and related issues was produced by Ian Stewart and narrated by Glenda Jackson.
Russian DJ Dimitri Korziouk became concerned about the aftermath of Chernobyl after visiting relatives in 1989. He solicited the help of Liverpool’s Katharine Watford Cook, and together they came up with the idea to hold a benefit concert. As UK Production Manager, Cook contacted a colleague who managed Guy Pratt and Gary Wallis of Pink Floyd (post Roger Waters era) in return they went to Russia with Korziouk to present the idea to Stanislav Shushkevich, an official head of the Supreme Soviet and acting President of Belarus. Later an agreement was signed between MAAP International and the Belarus Ministry of Culture. At the same time, MAAP International and the "Daily Express" Newspaper began administering the UK’s Children of Chernobyl Charity.
David A. Stewart from Eurythmics served as the charity’s chairman, and the UK artists involved included Echo & The Bunnymen, China Crisis, Lindisfarne band, Martin Chambers (The Pretenders), Sian, The Big Still and The Real East. Bands from South Africa and the USA also participated, along with Russian stars, including Boris Grebenshchikov, DDT and Igor Talkov. Religious charities from the United States were also present.
TV Press.
Interviews 1
Interviews 2
Playing for time part 1
Playing for time part 2
Playing for time part 3
Playing for time part 4

</doc>
<doc id="31206646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206646" title="Still Thinkin' 'bout You (song)">
Still Thinkin' 'bout You (song)

"Still Thinkin' 'bout You" is a single by American country music artist Billy "Crash" Craddock. Released in January 1975, it was the first single from his album "Still Thinkin' 'bout You". The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31206711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206711" title="1900 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles">
1900 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles

Charlotte Cooper defeated Louisa Martin 8–6, 5–7, 6–1 in the All Comers' Final, and then the reigning champion Blanche Hillyard (née Bingley) defeated Charlotte Cooper 4–6, 6–4, 6–4 in the Challenge Round to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1900 Wimbledon Championships. Marion Jones (USA) was the first female competitor from overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="31206713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206713" title="We're Over">
We're Over

"We're Over" is a single by American country music artist Johnny Rodriguez. Released in September 1974, it was the first single from his album "Songs About Ladies and Love". The song peaked at number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Glen Campbell covered the song on his 1975 "Rhinestone Cowboy" album.

</doc>
<doc id="31206718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206718" title="Johnny Lunde">
Johnny Lunde

Johnny Anker Lunde (26 October 1923 – 2 April 2013) was a Norwegian alpine skier and engineer.
He was born in Nore, and represented the club Konnerud IL. He participated at the 1948 Winter Olympics in Saint Moritz, and at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo. He did not finish the downhill race in 1948, but finished a tied 20th in downhill in 1952. In 1949 he won the downhill competition which was part of the alpine combined in the Norwegian championship.
He graduated as a construction engineer from ETH Zurich in 1949. After working in construction from 1950 to 1958 he spent his career in the Norwegian Geotechnical Institute until 1990, working with geomechanics.
He resided in Sandvika. He was a grandfather of snowboarder Line Østvold. He died in April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31206743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206743" title="Tweezerman">
Tweezerman

Tweezerman is a privately held company based in Port Washington, New York that produces the Tweezerman family of consumer and professional beauty tools.
History.
Tweezerman was founded in 1980 by Dal LaMagna, who designed products that removed eyebrow hair. In 2004, the company was acquired by J. A. Henckels, one of the oldest manufacturers of household goods such as a knives, cookware and beauty instruments.
Social Responsibility.
As a part of its Second Bottom Line program, the company has annually donated a portion of sales from a particular product to a designated charity. Past beneficiaries have included The Humane Society of the United States, Smile Train, Dress for Success, and Habitat for Humanity. Since 1999, the company has also donated annually to Breast Cancer causes through its Breast Cancer Awareness project.
In 2002, the company became a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact, adhering to the 10 guidelines setting forth best business practices of human and labor rights as well as environmental sustainability.
Partnerships.
In 2009 the company introduced its first Designer Series Slant Tweezer with Spanish designer Agatha Ruiz de la Prada. The following year, Tweezerman partnered with American designer Betsey Johnson and released three new designs at Sephora.
Availability.
Tweezerman products are sold to both consumers and professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="31206745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206745" title="Bernhard Rosenberg">
Bernhard Rosenberg

Bernhard Rosenberg is a Jewish scholar and speaker. He is the author of numerous books and was the Holocaust chairman of the New York Board of Rabbis. 
Rosenberg is the spiritual leader of Congregation Beth-El in Edison, New Jersey, professor of speech, and a Holocaust scholar and public speaker.
Education.
Rabbi Dr. Rosenberg received his rabbinical ordination and Doctor of Education from Yeshiva University in New York. He also possesses A.A., B.A., M.A., and M.S. degrees in communication and education. Jewish Theological Seminary presented him with his DD in May 2010.He also holds a Doctor of Divinity degree from The Jewish Theological Seminary of New York. Dr. Rosenberg speaks several languages including English, Hebrew, German, and Yiddish
Experience.
Rabbi Rosenberg has taught Public Speaking at Rutgers University, New Jersey,;Yeshiva University, New York; and a graduate course in Holocaust at Rutgers University, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="31206747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206747" title="Henry Baigent">
Henry Baigent

Henry Baigent (1844 – 31 August 1929) was a timber miller, and served as a Nelson city councillor and mayor. The Nelson firm of H Baigent and Sons Ltd was formed by him. His funeral was noted as one of the largest that had ever taken place in Nelson.
Family.
Henry Baigent was the son of Edward and Mary Ann Baigent (née Hern). His parents had come out to Nelson from Windlesham, Surrey, England in 1842 on the "Clifford". His brother Joseph was born three days after his parents' arrival in the colony and Joseph was only the seventh child to be born in Nelson.
His father was a member of the Provincial Council throughout its existence, and afterwards in the House of Representatives.
Baigent was married twice, firstly to Margaret Inglis Wallace in 1866, who died in 1880. He then married Phoebe Atmore in 1885, an older sister of Harry Atmore, who would later represent the Nelson electorate in Parliament for several decades. Phoebe had previously been married to William Wilkie. She died in March 1920 after a long period of illness.
Baigent had at least eight children; Albert Henry Baigent and Edward Sydney James Baigent by his first wife Margaret and the remaining six by his second wife Phoebe.
Baigent's eldest son Albert died suddenly in October 1905 off an illness. His son John was part of the 29th Reinforcements Canterbury Infantry Regiment, C Company. He embarked for Glasgow on 15 August 1917 the New Zealand Shipping Company liner the "SS Ruahine" and then to France. He was killed in action on the Somme while part of the Canterbury Infantry Regiment, 2nd Battalion on 29 March 1918. His son Cyril from his second marriage died in 1923 as a result of war disabilities.
Origins of his timber business.
His father brought a small gristmill and also a saw-milling plant with him. In February 1843 he settled in Wakefield where he set up the gristmill, a small affair two feet in diameter driven by a water wheel. Then in 1845 he erected his sawmill.
Owing to a meagre supply of iron his father was compelled to use such hard woods as manuka, akiaki, or black mairi for cog wheels. From this small a beginning did Baigent's timber merchants grow.
A flour mill was worked in conjunction with the timber mill, complete machinery and proper stones in the meantime having been obtained. The same water power was used as for the sawmill, the latter working by day, and the flour mill by night, and eventually the flour mill was handed over to the charge of a brother of Henry Baigent, who worked it for some years later.
In the 1860s his father installed a steam powered mill on another site. Baigent was entrusted with the task of opening a branch in Nelson in the 1870s. He established a manufacturing plant and in 1882 his father gave him the Nelson business. The principal timber milled was white, red, and black pine, totara, rimu, and birch.
The factory produced sashes, doors, blinds, and building timber for the Nelson district and employed, on an average, between forty and fifty men.
Local politics.
In 1893 he was elected by a substantial majority to a seat in the Council having defeated, among others, John Graham who went on to represent Nelson in Parliament. Baigent remained a councillor until he became Mayor in 1901. He lost the 1904 election to Jesse Piper but regained it in April 1905. The voting was Baigent 728 and Piper 563. He did not stand in 1906 and Jesse Piper succeeded him.
Community organisations.
Mr Baigent represented Golden Bay on the Charitable Aid Board. He has had an extended connection with the Masonic and Oddfellows Societies. He was President of the Nelson Cricket Association and the Wakatu Hockey Club; and Vice-President of the Waimea Agricultural and Pastoral Association as well as a number of other clubs and societies.
Death.
Baigent died on Saturday, 31 August 1929, aged 84 years. His funeral was noted as one of the largest that had ever taken place in Nelson. Among the pall bearers was Harry Atmore, a noted local politician and his brother in law.

</doc>
<doc id="31206761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206761" title="Dance with Me (Just One More Time)">
Dance with Me (Just One More Time)

"Dance with Me (Just One More Time)" is a single by American country music artist Johnny Rodriguez. Released in June 1974, it was the second single from his album "My Third Album". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31206824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206824" title="The Fab Five (film)">
The Fab Five (film)

The Fab Five is a 2011 ESPN Films documentary about the 1990s Michigan Wolverines men's basketball players known collectively as the Fab Five: Chris Webber, Jalen Rose, Juwan Howard, Jimmy King, and Ray Jackson. It chronicles the recruitment, glory years, notorious time-out fiasco, cultural impact and the scandal that followed these players who are described as iconic figures in the media. The film originally aired on March 13, 2011 on a national broadcast on ESPN. The film was noted as the highest-rated ESPN documentary of all time.
The film spawned critical commentary in a broad spectrum of media outlets which include leading newspapers such as "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal" and "The Washington Post"; leading periodicals such as "Forbes"; online forums such as "Slate"; and leading news outlets such as MSNBC. In particular, the film sparked a verbal war between Jalen Rose and Duke University's Grant Hill through the media regarding issues of race in sports and education that fueled the Duke–Michigan basketball rivalry. Coincidentally, the following week, the 2011 editions of Michigan and Duke met in the third round of the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament; Duke won, 73-71.
Story.
Source: ESPN
Previously Mitch Albom had chronicled the Fab Five in a book entitled "Fab Five: Basketball, Trash Talk, The American Dream", and Fox Sports had attempted to review the group. The press regarded this as the first complete recounting of the fabled group. Rose describes this film as "almost like the Bible of the Fab Five Story". An ESPN commentator describes the five players as the greatest incoming college basketball recruiting class ever. He notes that they were presented to the world as the embodiment of what was wrong with college sports because they wore revolutionary baggy shorts and black socks and blasted hip-hop music while talking a lot of trash. The film documents the "formation, rise, scandal and epilogue of the team". It documents the 1991–92 and 1992–93 teams, the University of Michigan basketball scandal, and related off the court issues such as hate mail. "Forbes" notes that the legacy of the quintet, which includes successive appearances in the championship game of the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship, was overshadowed by the scandal, which necessitated the removal of Final Four banners and vacating of games. The film is noted for presenting the inside story a group of players who the contemporary media derided as thugs and villains, while enterprise rode them as a multimillion dollar merchandising juggernaut.
The film chronicles a group of athletes who influenced a nation of basketball fans – some of whom became professional basketball players. It includes commentaries from former Michigan coaches Steve Fisher, Brian Dutcher, and Perry Watson, and rap icons Ice Cube and Chuck D. It also extends to details such as: "Howard discussing his grandmother's death the day he signed his letter of intent, to Ray Jackson talking about being 'the fifth wheel' and considering a transfer, to Jimmy King's brutal honesty about his disdain for Christian Laettner -- in somewhat unpalatable verbiage, to Rose talking about the loitering ticket he got in the Detroit 'crack house.'" The film also presented numerous other highlights of the era as well as some from the high school days of the featured players. Webber was considered notable for his non-involvement in the production, while the rest of the Fab Five were credited as executive producers. Rose approached ESPN Films about the project and brought the other players into the fold. His production role came through his own company, Three Tier Entertainment.
At first, only three of the freshmen started. Although they all played when the season opened on December 2, 1991 against the , they did not all play at the same time until December 7 against and did not start regularly until February 9, 1992. In that first game starting together as a regular unit, the five freshmen accounted for all the team's points in a 74–65 victory against . The film presented the opinions of upperclassmen Eric Riley and James Voskuil when they were replaced by freshmen in the starting lineup. Both fought off impulses to transfer.
Ratings.
ESPN built up the film with nearly a month of previews and promos. The week before the initial broadcast, ESPN aired clips of the film during some of its other programming; they featured the team's feelings about Duke prior to the 1992 championship game. These clips started what would become a national controversy.
The film's initial airing established a record as the ratings leader among all ESPN documentaries with a 2.1 rating according to Nielsen Company, surpassing two of the "30 for 30" films, each of which posted a 1.8 rating: "Pony Exce$$" (aired December 11, 2010, focusing on SMU football of the 1980s, a decade that culminated in scandal) and "The U" (aired December 12, 2009, detailing the University of Miami football team in the 1980s and 1990s). "The Fab Five" aired at 9 p.m. ET, drawing an average of 2,088,000 households and 2,746,000 viewers, both bests among ESPN documentaries; it surpassed the previous high marks set by "Pony Exce$$", when it was seen by an average of 1,843,000 homes and 2,517,000 viewers on ESPN. "The Fab Five" was rebroadcast at 11 p.m. on ESPN2. In excess of 11 million people watched part of the movie on one of the two original national broadcasts on the day of the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament selections.
The Fab Five also garnered high TV ratings during their playing days; they were one of the featured teams in both of the two highest rated NCAA Men's Basketball Championship games ever played in terms of households (although not viewers), The film aired almost precisely twenty years after the legendary group was assembled. In an attempt to meet the same college basketball fan viewer interest on the tournament selection weekend, HBO produced its own hour-long documentary titled "Runnin’ Rebels of UNLV" on Jerry Tarkanian and the UNLV Runnin' Rebels basketball teams of the 1972–92 era. Fox Sports also aired an hour-long special featuring sports agent Rob Pelinka, a Michigan teammate of the Fab Five, called "Pelinka Chips In" on March 14, but the special had low ratings. Pelinka had a cameo in the Fab Five film.⋅
Critical review.
"The New York Times" described the film as a "flashback to a time when baggy basketball shorts, hip-hop music and black shoes were considered controversial and an affront to hoops purists". "Washington Post" columnist Jason Reid noted that the film went out of its way to present the inappropriate racial commentary by Jalen Rose when he described Duke basketball head coach Mike Krzyzewski's recruits as Uncle Toms. Among those critical of the racial commentary was Duke player Grant Hill, who was cited in an Associated Press story that ran in major national media outlets. Hill blogged on "The New York Times" with a response naming a litany of Dukies castigated by Rose's general aspersions. His response was at the top of "The New York Times"' "most-emailed list" for several days and was shared on Facebook by nearly 100,000 people within its first few days. King responded to Hill in "The Wall Street Journal". In the midst of the media exchange, the 2011 editions of the teams advanced to meet on March 20 at 2011 NCAA Tournament West Regional in Charlotte, North Carolina, at the Time Warner Cable Arena with Duke ranked as a #1 seed and Michigan as an #8 seed. Duke head coach Mike Krzyzewski did not respond until after both teams were eliminated from the tournament, but he noted that he felt the statements were insulting and gave specific reasons why each of the Fab Five members did not go to Duke. Michigan native Dukie Shane Battier supported Hill's statements saying, "Maya Angelou couldn’t have written it and expressed it better."
The "Detroit Free Press"' Mark Snyder regarded "The Fab Five" as a "Warts and all" depiction. He went on to describe it as a ". . .a tour de force of information from coaches. . .to the scorned upperclassmen. . ., then-Free Press beat writer Greg Stoda and the Detroit News' Bryan Burwell, and even rappers Ice Cube and Chuck D reflecting on the style elements. . ." The article concluded by summarizing the film as "riveting, brutal in its honesty, realistic in its language and stunning in its archival footage". One reviewer, however, felt that the reserves were a bit overlooked.
A Michigan writer from "The Grand Rapids Press" described the film as "youthful nostalgia that must be felt by a whole generation", but noted that the film was lacking in terms of outside perspective. He noted that fans would have welcomed voices of Bobby Knight, Dick Vitale, Jimmy Jackson, or Christian Laettner. He also noted the absence of Webber's voice as leaving the film with a hole. However, he noted that as much as the Fab Five revolutionized basketball in the American culture, this film remade the image of the Fab Five. Nonetheless, some questioned why Webber declined to participate and speculate on various reasons.
Another Michigan writer from "SB Nation" described the film as thorough in its ability to provide the viewer with the answers to natural intrigues such as: "How was the recruiting class assembled? Who pushed for the baggy shorts? The black socks? How did a stodgy University of Michigan culture react to this bold, brash and outspoken team?" Other columnists were also satisfied to learn that Rose came up with the shorts and Jackson came up with the socks. He also commended the film on its detail surrounding Chris Webber's infamous timeout in the 1993 NCAA championship. The same reviewer enumerated his five biggest omissions from the film: Michigan athletic director Bill Martin, 1991–92 Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team, 1992–93 North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team, Michael Talley and Webber. He was also critical of Mitch Albom's involvement with the Fab Five.
Rivals.com spoke against the tone of the film, which shows a lack of respect for team values. However, in describing the payment scandal, Webber's related legal problems and the removal of the Fab Five's banners from Crisler Arena, and the infamous timeout gaffe at the end of the 1993 national championship game at the 1993 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament the documentary was considered fearless.
Another controversy arose from the film when the Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball teams of the late 1980s with Kendall Gill and Stephen Bardo claimed to be the originators of baggy shorts in basketball. All of the Wolverines who took part in the production of the film described how they felt they originated the baggy shorts as a result of Rose's request. Even rapper Ice Cube described his recollection of them as the originators.
See also.
Duke-Michigan rivalry

</doc>
<doc id="31206835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206835" title="Cayos Zapatilla">
Cayos Zapatilla

Cayos Zapatilla (Zapatilla Cayes) is a group of two uninhabited islands located east of Isla Bastimentos in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago of Bocas del Toro Province, Panama. North Cayo Zapatilla is 14 hectares long while south Cayo Zapatilla is comparatively bigger with 34 hectares. Both islands lie within the boundaries of the Isla Bastimentos National Marine Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="31206864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206864" title="Talkin' to the Wall">
Talkin' to the Wall

"Talkin' to the Wall" is a single originally recorded by country singer Warner MacPherson (better known by his stage name Warner Mack). He co-wrote it with Bill Montague. It became a top ten hit for him when the song peaked at No. 3 in the Country Singles chart in 1966.
The song was covered by American country music artist Lynn Anderson. Released in June 1974, it was the second single from her album "Smile for Me". The song peaked at number 7 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31206868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206868" title="Trygve Berge">
Trygve Berge

Trygve Berge (born 1932) is a Norwegian alpine skier. He was born in Voss. He participated at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo, where he competed in downhill.
He became Norwegian champion in downhill in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="31206871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206871" title="The Song Is Paris">
The Song Is Paris

The Song Is Paris is an album by American jazz vocalist and guitarist Jackie Paris recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Jason Ankeny awarded the album 4 stars stating "Because he was never a showy or self-indulgent vocalist, Paris never received the acclaim he deserved, and the subtlety of a record like "The Song Is Paris" further underlines just how deceptive his music can be -- the album shifts so effortlessly between moods and tempos that its broad range threatens to pass by virtually unnoticed. Paris' nuanced, succinct approach to the material likewise eschews technical acrobatics in favor of sincerity and poignancy -- slowly but surely, the songs work their way deep under your skin". 

</doc>
<doc id="31206898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206898" title="Curtis Macdonald">
Curtis Macdonald

Curtis Macdonald (born 20 February 1962), also known as Curtis S.D. Macdonald, is an American composer and pianist who describes his style as "contemporary instrumental."
Growing up in Westlake Village, California, Macdonald aspired to become a composer after exposure to the entertainment industry by his family that included his grandfather, pioneering newscaster Clete Roberts. He was influenced by jazz music and film scores while growing up, and taught himself piano after an introduction to learning how to play the drums.
After graduating from California Institute of the Arts in 1986 with a BFA in composition,
Macdonald’s jazz and film music roots and admiration of popular song form became the influence of his compositions. He married the improvisational nature of jazz with the memorable melody of popular music by creating a unique style fusing jazz, new age and world music by combining single line piano with transparent electronica arrangements to create a sound that appeals to mainstream music fans and aficionados of instrumental music.
The mixture caught the attention of Eversound Records and producer and new age artist John Adorney. and led to his 2002 release "Shadow Crossing" which was followed by the 2006 release "Everlasting".
To date, Macdonald has produced sixteen CDs. He owns an independent record label, CMMP.
Biography.
Macdonald comes from a planned community 40 miles west of Los Angeles, California. He started playing at age five, and got into local bands as a teenager.
This gave him the opportunity to realize his early compositions until the advent of MIDI which then allowed him to realize compositions via a computer. As a student at Cal Arts, he received valuable tutelage from Morton Subotnick, Alan Chaplin, Barry Schrader and academy award winning composer Leonard Rosenman. He also received influential advice from composers John Cage, Morton Feldman and Milton Babbitt. After graduating, Macdonald recalled the influences he had growing up, Vince Guaraldi, Bill Evans, Bob James and Vangelis and fused his educated ideas with these early influences and began his stylistic approach to instrumental music. Along the way he supplemented his income by composing music for industrial videos that then led to composing library music and understanding the business of licensing intellectual property. 
His love of jazz and composition allowed him to express and instruct others during the 1990s while honing his personal sound. With the birth of the Electronica genre, Macdonald began to cross pollinate his ideas of jazz and new age with the endless pallet of sonic textures synthesizers had to offer. Utilizing certain sounds that would become a staple in his orchestration, his sound of transparency and floating delay underscoring the melody performed by an acoustic piano would constitute an original style.

</doc>
<doc id="31206900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206900" title="International reactions to the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster">
International reactions to the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster

The international reaction to the 2011 Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster has been diverse and widespread. Many inter-governmental agencies responded to the Japanese Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, often on an ad hoc basis. Responders included International Atomic Energy Agency, World Meteorological Organization and the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Organization, which has radiation detection equipment deployed around the world.
In September 2011, IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano said the Japanese nuclear disaster "caused deep public anxiety throughout the world and damaged confidence in nuclear power". Many countries have advised their nationals to leave Tokyo, citing the risk associated with the nuclear plants' ongoing accident. International experts have said that a workforce in the hundreds or even thousands would take years or decades to clean up the area. Events at Fukushima "cast doubt on the idea that even an advanced economy can master nuclear safety". Following the Fukushima I accidents, the International Energy Agency halved its estimate of additional nuclear generating capacity to be built by 2035.
There have been many anti-nuclear demonstrations and a significant re-evaluation of existing nuclear power programs in many countries. Germany closed all of its old nuclear power reactors and then decided to phase the rest out entirely by 2022. In Italy there was a national referendum, in which 94 percent voted against the governments plan to build new nuclear power plants. The same happened in Switzerland, and later Belgium. In France the strongly pro-nuclear government was defeated in a national election and, with 70 percent of the public opposing nuclear in some polls, it was replaced by a government promising to radically reduce reliance on nuclear power.
Elsewhere in the world, nuclear power plans were abandoned in Malaysia, the Philippines, Kuwait and Bahrain, or radically changed, as in Taiwan. China suspended its nuclear development programme, but restarted it on a reduced basis in late 2012 with the government approving a ‘small number’ of projects in each of the next five years. The initial plan had been to increase the nuclear contribution from 2 to 4 percent of electricity by 2020, but renewable energy already supplied 17 percent of China’s electricity and, post-Fukushima, it seems likely that most of the 15 percent of non-fossil energy that China aims to use by 2020 will be from renewables. The situation is similar in many other places around the world.
Stock prices of many energy companies reliant on nuclear sources have dropped, while renewable energy companies have increased dramatically in value. In the United States output from renewable energy had already overtaken that from nuclear and after Fukushima some proposed nuclear projects collapsed. With renewables booming and nuclear costs rising, it seems as if nuclear contribution will progressively fall.
At the same time, new nuclear projects are going ahead in some countries. Despite the uncertain economics, almost alone in Western Europe, the United Kingdom is still planning a major nuclear expansion. So is Russia. Despite massive protests, India is also pressing ahead with a large nuclear programme, as is South Korea.
Nuclear industry.
According to Areva's Southeast Asia and Oceania director, Selena Ng, Japan's Fukushima nuclear disaster is "a huge wake-up call for a nuclear industry that hasn't always been sufficiently transparent about safety issues". She said "There was a sort of complacency before Fukushima and I don't think we can afford to have that complacency now".
In September 2011, German engineering giant Siemens announced it will withdraw entirely from the nuclear industry, as a response to the Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan, and said that it would no longer build nuclear power plants anywhere in the world. The company’s chairman, Peter Löscher, said that "Siemens was ending plans to cooperate with Rosatom, the Russian state-controlled nuclear power company, in the construction of dozens of nuclear plants throughout Russia over the coming two decades". Siemens is to boost its work in the renewable energy sector.
Regulatory agencies.
Many inter-governmental agencies are responding, often on an ad hoc basis. Responders include International Atomic Energy Agency, World Meteorological Organization and the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Organization, which has radiation detection equipment deployed around the world.
Some scientists say that the 2011 Japanese nuclear accidents have revealed that the nuclear industry lacks sufficient oversight, leading to renewed calls to redefine the mandate of the IAEA so that it can better police nuclear power plants worldwide. There are several problems with the IAEA says Najmedin Meshkati of University of Southern California:
It recommends safety standards, but member states are not required to comply; it promotes nuclear energy, but it also monitors nuclear use; it is the sole global organization overseeing the nuclear energy industry, yet it is also weighed down by checking compliance with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).
The journal "Nature" has reported that the IAEA response to the Fukushima nuclear crisis in Japan was "sluggish and sometimes confusing", drawing calls for the agency to "take a more proactive role in nuclear safety". But nuclear experts say that the agency's complicated mandate and the constraints imposed by its member states mean that reforms will not happen quickly or easily, although its INES "emergency scale is very likely to be revisited" given the confusing way in which it was used in Japan.
Russian nuclear accident specialist Iouli Andreev is critical of the response to Fukushima, and says that the IAEA did not learn from the 1986 Chernobyl disaster. He has accused the IAEA and corporations of "wilfully ignoring lessons from the world's worst nuclear accident 25 years ago to protect the industry's expansion". The IAEA’s role "as an advocate for nuclear power has made it a target for protests".
One of the IAEA statutory functions is to establish safety standards to protect the health, life and property in the use of nuclear power. When reports of the damaged nuclear power plants at Fukushima emerged, many countries looked immediately to the IAEA for more information. But its initial reports provided scant and at times contradictory information from Japanese sources and it took a week for the IAEA to dispatch a team to Japan to gather more facts on the ground. While the IAEA has stated that it was hampered by lack of official information from Japan, this "has nonetheless prompted analysts to question the efficacy of the Agency". Olli Heinonen has said that "Fukushima should be a wake-up call to re-evaluate and strengthen the role of the IAEA in boosting nuclear safety, including its response mechanism".
On 28 March 2011, at a special briefing on the Fukshima nuclear accidents held for IAEA Member States, IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano announced that a high-level "IAEA Conference on Nuclear Safety" should take place in Vienna.
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Japan "underestimated the danger of tsunamis and failed to prepare adequate backup systems at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant". This repeated a widely held criticism in Japan that "collusive ties between regulators and industry led to weak oversight and a failure to ensure adequate safety levels at the plant". The IAEA also said that the Fukushima disaster exposed the lack of adequate backup systems at the plant. Once power was completely lost, critical functions like the cooling system shut down. Three of the reactors "quickly overheated, causing meltdowns that eventually led to explosions, which hurled large amounts of radioactive material into the air".
On 30 March, Denis Flory, IAEA deputy director general and head of the agency's nuclear safety and security department, said readings from soil samples collected in Iitate indicate that one of the IAEA operational criteria for evacuation is exceeded there. On 31 March, In response to the IAEA, Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said Thursday the government may implement measures, if necessary, such as urging people living in the area to evacuate, if it is found that the contaminated soil will have a long-term effect on human health. Hidehiko Nishiyama, a spokesman for the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency, told a press conference in the afternoon that the agency's rough estimates have shown there is no need for people in Iitate to evacuate immediately under criteria set by the Nuclear Safety Commission of Japan. The Japanese government declined recommendation of IAEA.
In April 2011, representatives from dozens of countries met in Austria to scrutinize safety at each other's power plants with the aim of avoiding accidents such as the Japanese nuclear crisis. The meeting was hosted by the International Atomic Energy Agency and focused on the Convention on Nuclear Safety that came into being in the wake of the Three Mile Island accident and Chernobyl disaster.
On 12 April 2011, the IAEA reported that the nuclear accident at Fukushima I is now rated as a Level 7 “major accident” on the INES scale. Level 7 is the most serious level on INES and is used to describe an event consisting of “a major release of radioactive material with widespread health and environmental effects requiring implementation of planned and extended countermeasures.” Over the previous month, some scientists in the United States and the head of France’s Nuclear Safety Authority argued that the accident was, at that time, already worse than the 1979 Three Mile Island accident in Pennsylvania, which was rated a 5.
Following the Fukushima I accidents, the International Energy Agency halved its estimate of additional nuclear generating capacity to be built by 2035.
In September 2011, IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano said the Japanese nuclear disaster "caused deep public anxiety throughout the world and damaged confidence in nuclear power".
Non-government organizations.
Linda Gunter of Beyond Nuclear spoke to the "World Socialist Web Site" on 19 March 2011. Gunter stated that the disaster could not be called an accident because it was the outcome of a "gamble has been going on since the dawn of the nuclear age". She also voiced concern over Fukushima-style reactors operating in the United States. Beyond Nuclear began a campaign to shut these reactors down on 13 April 2011.
The World Future Council issued a "Statement on the Japanese Nuclear Disaster" on 29 March 2011, supported by many Right Livelihood Award Laureates. It said that the disaster in Japan has demonstrated the limits of human capability to keep dangerous technologies free from accidents with catastrophic results:
The conclusion we draw from the nuclear power plant accident in Japan is that the human community, acting for itself and as trustees for future generations, must exercise a far higher level of care globally in dealing with technologies capable of causing mass annihilation, and should phase out, abolish and replace such technologies with alternatives that do not threaten present and future generations. This applies to nuclear weapons as well as to nuclear power reactors.
Citing the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, environmental activists at a U.N. meeting in April 2011 "urged bolder steps to tap renewable energy so the world doesn't have to choose between the dangers of nuclear power and the ravages of climate change".
Some shipping lines restricted their ships from calling on the Tokyo Bay ports of Tokyo and Yokohama over radiation concerns. Vessels risk facing extra delays for checks at subsequent destinations if they pick up even trace contamination.
Financial markets.
As a result of the accidents, stock prices of many energy companies reliant on nuclear sources and listed on stock exchanges have dropped, while renewable energy companies have increased dramatically in value. In Germany, demand for renewable energy has increased among private consumers.
Funds that invested in companies tied to renewable energy, clean technology, the oil industry and other natural resources rose 13.7% in the first three months of 2011, "benefiting from turmoil in the oil-rich Middle East and the anti-nuclear sentiment after the accident in Japan".
Actions and recommendations related to the Fukushima disaster.
Evacuation from Tokyo and Japan.
On 14 March, France became the first country to advise its nationals to leave Tokyo, citing a probable large aftershock in the Kanto area and the risk associated with the nuclear plants' ongoing accidents.
Embassies of other countries, including UK, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Italy, Australia, New Zealand, Finland, Kenya, Israel repeated similar advice in the following days.
German, Austrian, Finnish and Bulgarian On 12 April, the Philippines government announced that they would pay for the repatriation of any Filipinos living in the evacuation zone.
Potassium Iodide.
A number of embassies in Tokyo, including Australia, Sweden, United Kingdom issued potassium iodide tablets as a precautionary measure to their citizens and immediate family members. On 20 March, Swedish citizens in Tokyo were recommended to begin "taking" potassium iodide as a precautionary measure. This recommendation was lifted on 29 March.
Due to a run on potassium iodide tablets in pharmacies in Western Canada, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, issued statements on 15 March of reassurance that Canada was not at risk from the fallout, and that taking the iodine tablets was unnecessary. British Columbia's health officer Dr. Perry Kendall, urged residents not to stockpile the tablets.
On 17 March, the United States newsmagazine "Time" reported on the Southern Californian residents reaction to the risk from the fallout, and the run on iodine tablets. On 18 March, France was reported to be shipping iodide tablets to French Polynesia as a preventative measure, in light of the fallout cloud drifting across the Pacific.
Requests and offers for help.
The Japanese government and Tokyo Electric asked France's Areva to provide technical assistance in the process of removing radioactive water from the nuclear power facility.
On 16 March, Korea was reported to be sending boron for the production of boric acid to dampen fission reactions.
A Ukrainian group of specialists who were involved in the aftermath of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster proposed liquid metal cooling with a low-melting and chemically neutral metal, such as tin, to cool the fuel rods even if they are molten or damaged. A team of Ukrainian nuclear specialists was reported on 17 March to be ready to fly out to realize this.
The United States launched Operation Tomodachi to assist the Japanese in their recovery. On 16 March, Voice of America reported that the US Embassy in Tokyo had advised Americans to evacuate to at least 80 km from the plant, or to stay indoors. US officials have concluded that the Japanese warnings have been insufficient, and that, deliberately or not, they have understated the potential threat of what is taking place inside the nuclear facility, according to "The New York Times". Gregory Jaczko, the chairman of the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), earlier said he believed that all the water in the spent fuel pool at Unit 4 had boiled dry, leaving fuel rods stored there exposed. "We believe that radiation levels are extremely high, which could possibly impact the ability to take corrective measures," he told a Congressional committee. United States government officials moved to allay fears of nuclear fallout, stating that people do not need to take or stockpile potassium iodide pills, after a spike in calls from the West Coast to health hotlines, and runs at pharmacies with people buying the iodine tablets on the Pacific Coast.
Cleanup.
International experts have said that a workforce in the hundreds or even thousands would take years or decades to clean up the area. John Price, a former member of the Safety Policy Unit at the UK's National Nuclear Corporation, has said that it "might be 100 years before melting fuel rods can be safely removed from Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant". Edward Morse, a professor of nuclear engineering at the University of California, Berkeley, has said:
...there would be at least six months of emergency stabilisation, about two years of temporary remediation and up to 30 years of full-scale clean-up. Furthermore, the high levels of ground contamination at the site are raising concerns about the viability of individuals to work at the site in coming decades.
Other reactions.
The Hong Kong Government issued a "black outbound travel alert" for Fukushima prefecture on 12 March urging to avoid all travel. The alert came in addition to the "red outbound travel alert" for the rest of Japan.
On 19 March 2011, Indonesia began screening passengers and luggage on direct flights from Japan for radiation. No radiation has been detected.
On 16 March, Swedish citizens were advised to avoid staying within 80 km of the Fukushima nuclear power plants, and all travel to Japan was advised against. On 29 March the travel advice eased to only apply to non-necessary travel.
Protests and politics.
France.
In France around 1,000 people took part in a protest against nuclear power in Paris on 20 March, and some 3,800 French and Germans demonstrated for the closure of the Fessenheim Nuclear Power Plant on 8 April; a larger demonstration is expected on 25 April. Opinion polls on the topic indicated that 55% of the population were in favour of nuclear power in the days following Fukushima, but 57% against by the end of March.
Germany.
In March 2011, more than 200,000 people took part in anti-nuclear protests in four large German cities, on the eve of state elections. Organisers called it the biggest anti-nuclear demonstration the country has seen, with police estimating that 100,000 people turned out in Berlin alone. Hamburg, Munich and Cologne also saw big demonstrations. The "New York Times" reported that "most Germans have a deep-seated aversion to nuclear power, and the damage at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan has galvanized opposition".
After Japan's nuclear disaster, there was an all time best state election result for the anti-nuclear Green Party in Germany in the Baden-Württemberg election on 27 March 2011. However, the Greens' rise in popularity, which began October 2010 in the polls, has also been attributed to the unanimous opposition to Stuttgart 21.
The CDU-led government under Chancellor Angela Merkel made an aboutface in their nuclear energy policy. In 2010 the Government had just prolonged the retention period of nuclear power plants which were scheduled to be phased out in 2021 by the nuclear phase-out plan of 2000. In light of the Fukushima disaster, the Government changed its mind:
A physicist by training and a former environment minister, Merkel understood what Fukushima meant. Germany has 17 reactors, providing 23 percent of the electrical power in the country and making it the sixth largest nuclear electricity producer in the world. The eight oldest reactors were taken off the grid within days of 3/11 and will not return to operation. In record time, what once was the most pro-nuclear German government in decades prepared comprehensive legislation to phase out the remaining nine reactors by 2022 at the latest, starting in 2015. In June, parliament overwhelmingly passed the law (513 in favor, 79 against, 8 abstentions).
India.
In India, there has been rapid growth in energy use and there are plans to build the world's largest nuclear plant in Jaitapur, but anti-nuclear protests have intensified following the Fukushima crisis. On 18 April one man was shot and killed by police and eight were injured after protests against the planned Jaitapur Nuclear Power Project turned violent. Although protests have been ongoing for some years, they have gained greater prominence and support since Fukushima.
Italy.
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi announced in 2009 that Italy would go nuclear again after its four atomic power plants were shut down following a 1987 nationwide referendum. But in the wake of the Fukushima crisis, antinuclear rallies drawing thousands have erupted in Italy, and the Italian government has "decided on a one-year moratorium on its plans to revive nuclear power".
A further Italian nuclear power referendum was held on 13 June 2011 and the No vote won 94,05 %, leading to cancellation of future nuclear power plants planned during the previous years, and due to the Italian nuclear power referendum turn out being over 50%+1 of the Italian population creates a legally binding cancellation of future plants.
Spain.
In March 2011, hundreds of people took part in protests held across Spain to demand the closure of the country's six nuclear power stations, after Japan's nuclear accidents. Demonstrators, many with signs that read "No nuclear power, neither here nor in Japan", gathered in small groups in more than 30 cities, including Madrid, Barcelona, Seville and Valencia.
Sweden.
A 2011 poll suggests that scepticism over nuclear power is growing in Sweden following Japan's nuclear crisis. 36 percent of respondents want to phase-out nuclear power, up from 15 percent in a similar survey two years ago.
Switzerland.
Japan's Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear disaster "has entirely changed the energy debate in Switzerland". In May 2011, some 20,000 people turned out for Switzerland's largest anti-nuclear power demonstration in 25 years. Demonstrators marched peacefully near the Beznau Nuclear Power Plant, the oldest in Switzerland, which started operating 40 years ago.
Days after the anti-nuclear rally, Cabinet decided to ban the building of new nuclear power reactors. The country’s five existing reactors would be allowed to continue operating, but "would not be replaced at the end of their life span".
Taiwan.
In March 2011, around 2,000 anti-nuclear protesters demonstrated in Taiwan for an immediate halt to the construction of the island's fourth nuclear power plant. The protesters were also opposed to plans to extend the lifespan of three existing nuclear plants.
Amid Japan's ongoing nuclear crisis, nuclear energy is emerging as a contentious issue for next year's presidential election in Taiwan, as opposition leader Tsai Ing-wen declared her intention to abandon nuclear power by 2025 if elected. Taiwan is on the West Pacific Rim earthquake zone, like Japan.
George Hsu, a professor of applied economics at National Chung Hsing University in central Taiwan, said nuclear power plants in quake-prone areas need to be redesigned to make them more resistant, an investment that would reduce their original cost advantage.
In May 2011, 5,000 people joined an anti-nuclear protest in Taipei City, which was characterized by a carnival-like atmosphere, with protesters holding yellow banners and clutching sunflowers. This was part of a nationwide “No Nuke Action” protest, urging the government to stop construction of a Fourth Nuclear Plant and pursue a more sustainable energy policy.
On the eve of World Environment Day in June 2011, environmental groups demonstrated against Taiwan's nuclear power policy. The Taiwan Environmental Protection Union, together with 13 environmental groups and legislators, gathered in Taipei with banners that read: "I love Taiwan, not nuclear disasters". They protested against the nation’s three operating nuclear power plants and the construction of a fourth plant. They also called for "all nuclear power plants to be thoroughly re-evaluated and shut down immediately if they fail to pass safety inspections". According to Wang To-far, economics professor at National Taipei University, "if a level-seven nuclear crisis were to happen in Taiwan, it would destroy the nation".
United States.
What had been growing acceptance of nuclear power in the United States was eroded sharply following the 2011 Japanese nuclear accidents, with public support for building nuclear power plants in the U.S. dropping slightly lower than it was immediately after the Three Mile Island accident in 1979, according to a CBS News poll. Only 43 percent of those polled after the Fukushima nuclear emergency said they would approve building new power plants in the United States.
Activists who were involved in the U.S. anti-nuclear movement’s emergence (such as Graham Nash and Paul Gunter), suggest that Japan’s nuclear crisis may rekindle an interest in the movement in the United States. The aim, they say, is "not just to block the Obama administration’s push for new nuclear construction, but to convince Americans that existing plants pose dangers".
In March 2011, 600 people gathered for a weekend protest outside the Vermont Yankee nuclear plant. The demonstration was held to show support for the thousands of Japanese people who are endangered by possible radiation from the Fukushima I nuclear accidents.
The New England region has a long history of anti-nuclear activism and 75 people held a State House rally on 6 April 2011, to "protest the region’s aging nuclear plants and the increasing stockpile of radioactive spent fuel rods at them". The protest was held shortly before a State House hearing where legislators were scheduled to hear representatives of the region’s three nuclear plants – Pilgrim in Plymouth, Vermont Yankee in Vernon, and Seabrook in New Hampshire—talk about the safety of their reactors in the light of the Japanese nuclear crisis. Vermont Yankee and Pilgrim have designs similar to the crippled Japanese nuclear plant.
The nuclear disaster in Japan is likely to have major effects on US energy policy, according to billionaire investor Warren Buffett. Buffet said that the "United States was poised to move ahead with nuclear plans here, but the events in Japan derailed that".
In April 2011, Rochelle Becker, executive director of the Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility said that the United States should review its nuclear accident liability limits, in the light of the economic impacts of the Fukushima I nuclear disaster.
In December, 2011, as Japan completed "step 2" of its control roadmap at Fukushima, U.S. NRC chairman Jaczko visited the plant and said afterwards "that there was no longer enough energy in the reactors at the crippled Fukushima No. 1 Nuclear Power Plant to produce an offsite release of radiation, but pointed out that a large cleanup task remained".
Dutch ABP-pension fund: TEPCO violates Human Rights.
On January 7, 2014 the largest pension fund in The Netherlands announced, that it had sold all its investments in TEPCO, because the ABP found it unethical to invest in this company any longer. TEPCO was blamed for its conduct during and after the disaster. TEPCO had ignored the U.N. human rights, and had demonstrated that it had insufficient attention for public safety". There were insufficient measures to prevent environmental damage and it was impossible to move the company to different behavior. After all attempts of the ABP to change the attitude of the company had failed, all stock was sold in the first week of 2014.
Re-evaluation of existing nuclear energy programs.
Overview.
Following the Fukushima nuclear disaster, Germany has permanently shut down eight of its reactors and pledged to close the rest by 2022. The Italians have voted overwhelmingly to keep their country non-nuclear. Switzerland and Spain have banned the construction of new reactors. Japan’s prime minister has called for a dramatic reduction in Japan’s reliance on nuclear power. Taiwan’s president did the same. Mexico has sidelined construction of 10 reactors in favor of developing natural-gas-fired plants. Belgium is considering phasing out its nuclear plants, perhaps as early as 2015.
China—nuclear power’s largest prospective market—suspended approvals of new reactor construction while conducting a lengthy nuclear-safety review. Neighboring India, another potential nuclear boom market, has encountered effective local opposition, growing national wariness about foreign nuclear reactors, and a nuclear liability controversy that threatens to prevent new reactor imports. There have been mass protests against the French-backed 9900 MW Jaitapur Nuclear Power Project in Maharashtra and the 2000 MW Koodankulam Nuclear Power Plant in Tamil Nadu. The state government of West Bengal state has also refused permission to a proposed 6000 MW facility near the town of Haripur that intended to host six Russian reactors.
In the United States, new-reactor construction has also suffered—not because of public opposition but because of economics and tougher, yet-to-be-determined, safety regulations. In 2007, U.S. utilities applied to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to build 28 nuclear-power plants before 2020; now, if more than three come online before the end of the decade, it will be a major accomplishment.
France is, per capita, the world’s most nuclear-powered state. Frequently heralded as a nuclear commercial model for the world, today it’s locked in a national debate over a partial nuclear phaseout. President Nicolas Sarkozy is still backing nuclear power, but his Socialist opponent, François Hollande, now well ahead in the polls, has proposed cutting nuclear power’s electricity contribution by more than a third by 2025.
Renewable energy.
Nancy Folbre, an economics professor, has said that the biggest positive result of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster could be renewed public support for the commercialization of renewable energy technologies.
In 2011, London-based bank HSBC said: "With Three Mile Island and Fukushima as a backdrop, the US public may find it difficult to support major nuclear new build and we expect that no new plant extensions will be granted either. Thus we expect the clean energy standard under discussion in US legislative chambers will see a far greater emphasis on gas and renewables plus efficiency".
In 2011, Deutsche Bank analysts concluded that "the global impact of the Fukushima accident is a fundamental shift in public perception with regard to how a nation prioritizes and values its populations health, safety, security, and natural environment when determining its current and future energy pathways". As a consequence, "renewable energy will be a clear long-term winner in most energy systems, a conclusion supported by many voter surveys conducted over the past few weeks. At the same time, we consider natural gas to be, at the very least, an important transition fuel, especially in those regions where it is considered secure".
In September 2011, Mycle Schneider said that the Fukushima disaster can be understood as a unique chance "to get it right" on energy policy. "Germany – with its nuclear phase-out decision based on a highly successful renewable energy program – and Japan – having suffered a painful shock but possessing unique technical capacities and societal discipline – can be at the forefront of an authentic paradigm shift toward a truly sustainable, low-carbon and nuclear-free energy policy".

</doc>
<doc id="31206901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206901" title="Plan Zuid">
Plan Zuid

The Plan Zuid ("South Plan") is an urban development plan of Amsterdam South, designed by architect Hendrik Petrus Berlage.
First project.
At the beginning of the 20th century, Berlage was asked by the Amsterdam city council to design a plan for developing the undeveloped area south of the city between the rivers Amstel and Schinkel. In 1904 Berlage presented an ambitious plan of winding streets, which was closely joined to the existing city. After research showed that this plan would be very costly and inefficient, Berlage was asked to go back to the drawing board.
Final project.
Berlage presented a new plan in 1914, with straight narrow streets and long blocks, intersected by several broad axes. This plan proved much more feasible and efficient. In 1917 the City Council granted approval to the plan. The New South district was built in the style of the Amsterdam School between 1917 and 1925, consisting of the Stadium District and the Apollo and the Rivers District. A large part of the New Pipe derives from the Plan Zuid.
Berlage's design was only roughly implemented. On the spot where he had planned a teaching hospital, a large housing association designed by Michel de Klerk and Piet Kramer called the Aurora housing complex was built. It was opened in July 1922 by the alderman festive Housing, SR de Miranda.

</doc>
<doc id="31206922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206922" title="1986–87 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1986–87 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1986–87 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illiniois.
Regular season.
The 1986-87 season saw the addition of an outstanding group of young players to the roster. Guards Steve Bardo, Kendall Gill and Larry Smith joined forward Nick Anderson in a highly touted recruiting class. This group produced another 20-win season (23-8) and a trip to the NCAA Tournament, where Illinois was beaten 68-67 by Austin Peay in arguably the school’s most shocking
upset.
This marked the first season in Big Ten Conference basketball history where two teams finished with 30 or more victories.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31206932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206932" title="Cole River">
Cole River

The Cole River is located in Bristol County, Massachusetts. It flows from its headwaters in Dighton, Massachusetts through the towns of Rehoboth and Swansea into Mount Hope Bay, an arm of Narragansett Bay. The Cole River becomes tidal after crossing under the G.A.R. Highway (U.S. Route 6) in Swansea.
Crossings.
in Dighton, Massachusetts:
in Swansea, Massachusetts:

</doc>
<doc id="31206937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206937" title="Cathedrale Sainte-Marie">
Cathedrale Sainte-Marie

The Cathédrale Sainte-Marie is an important place of Christian worship in Conakry, Guinea. The yellow and red building is of considerable architectural interest.
Monseigneur Raymond René Lérouge laid the foundation stone of the Cathedral in 1928.
The Cathedral was built in the 1930s, and has impressive architecture, with Orthodox design elements.
The Palais Presidentiel is behind the cathedral.
Opposite is the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research.
The cathedral is the primary place of worship for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Conakry, established on 18 October 1897 as the Apostolic Prefecture of French Guinea, and promoted to its present rank on 14 September 1959. From May 2003 the Archbishop was Vincent Coulibaly.
Since the people of Guinea are mainly Muslim, the cathedral does not have a large congregation. 

</doc>
<doc id="31206946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206946" title="Endoproteinase Lys-C">
Endoproteinase Lys-C

Endoproteinase Lys-C is a protease that cleaves proteins on the C-terminal side of lysine amino acids. Lys-C activity is optimal in pH range of 7.0 - 9.0.

</doc>
<doc id="31206978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206978" title="LaSalle Community Comprehensive High School">
LaSalle Community Comprehensive High School

LaSalle Community Comprehensive High School (commonly referred to as LCCHS or LaSalle Comprehensive) is a secondary school in the Montreal, Quebec, Canada borough of LaSalle. It is part of the Lester B. Pearson School Board. The present school is the result of a merger between two former schools, Leroux High School and LaSalle Catholic High School, which occurred in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31206994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31206994" title="Mohegan Indian Tribe">
Mohegan Indian Tribe

The Mohegan Tribe of Connecticut is a federally recognized tribe and sovereign tribal nation of Mohegan people (pronounced ). Their reservation is the Mohegan Indian Reservation, located on the Thames River in Uncasville, Connecticut. 
Mohegan's independence as a sovereign nation has been documented by treaties and laws for over 350 years, such as the Treaty of Hartford secured by their Sachem (Chief) Uncas after his cooperation and victory with the English in the Pequot War (1637-1638). Although the Treaty of Hartford established English recognition of the tribe's sovereignty in 1638, after the colonial period and loss of lands, the tribe struggled to maintain recognition of its identity. It gained recognition by the Federal government of the United States in 1994. 
The same year the US Congress passed the "Mohegan Nation (Connecticut) Land Claim Settlement Act." The US authorized the cleaned-up United Nuclear site for use as Mohegan reservation lands, and the property was transferred to the United States in trust for the tribe. 
This enabled the Mohegan to establish gaming operations on their reservation to generate revenue for welfare and economic development. They opened the Mohegan Sun casino on October 12, 1996, near the former Fort Shantok site above the Thames River. It has since been expanded into a large resort with a hotel, conference and numerous retail facilities, the largest casino in the world. 
Mohegan Tribe's vision.
In 1997 the Mohegan Tribe's Council of Elders adopted the following Vision Statement:
History.
Before the seventeenth century, the Mohegan were part of the Pequot Tribe, which emerged among Algonquian peoples located in south central present New England.
Uncas.
The early 1600s were a critical period of change for Connecticut tribes, who spoke various Algonquian languages. The pressure from rapidly expanding European settlements created competition for land and resources, while new infectious diseases were decimating Indian populations at an alarming rate. Within the Pequot Tribe at that time, a dispute erupted between the Pequot Sachem (head chief) Sassacus and the leader Uncas. 
Uncas left with his followers, who called themselves the "Mohegan," or Wolf People, like their ancestors. Each tribe had its own idea of how to deal with European conflicts. Uncas (1598-1683) became Sachem of the Mohegan Tribe, which favored collaboration with the English colonists. The Pequot under Sassacus chose to fight the colonists, and other local tribes took sides in a war that lasted from 1637-1638. 
Seeing the great losses brought on by continued fighting, Uncas had befriended the European invaders. This controversial decision brought Uncas and the Mohegan people into an uneasy alliance with the English in the ensuing war with the Pequots (1637-1638). The Mohegan helped the English defeat the Pequot.
Uncas settled his people in a village at Shantok on the Thames River, which the Tribe defended from a Narragansett invasion. It was sparked by related European as well as Indian conflicts. Finally, the Mohegan Tribe's alliance with the English kept its people relatively safe during King Philip's War and afterward. 
Government.
The Mohegan Tribe had used its sovereignty to create and maintain an independent governmental structure since before Europeans arrived in America. The Mohegan Government has evolved to exercise full civil and criminal jurisdiction over their lands using the Constitution of the Mohegan Tribe of Indians of Connecticut, which they wrote in the 20th century. 
The Mohegan Nation is governed by the Mohegan people. They elect a Tribal Council of nine Tribal Members and a Council of Elders, composed of seven Tribal Members. All legislative and executive powers of the Tribe not granted to the Council of Elders are vested with the Tribal Council. 
The Council of Elders oversees judicial matters and the tribe's cultural integrity. The Council of Elders also exercises legislative powers with respect to rules governing tribal membership and enrollment. The Tribal Court adjudicates on all non-gaming matters. 
The Mohegan Nation used its cooperative relationship with the State of Connecticut to begin negotiating a gaming compact following the passage of the 1988 Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. After gaining federal recognition in 1994 and receiving land in settlement under the "Mohegan Nation (Connecticut) Land Claim Settlement Act" (1994). The US took into trust the cleaned-up United Nuclear site for use by the Mohegan as a reservation. 
The Tribe opened the Mohegan Sun casino in 1996, two years after gaining federal recognition. The compact created between Connecticut and the Mohegan Tribe secured 25 percent of slot revenues to the state to help fund services. It became a model agreement and Connecticut's Native American tribes have become the largest source of revenue for the state aside from the federal government. The government-to-government relationships that have developed between Connecticut and Mohegan have produced quick resolutions to issues that have been raised, such as: indoor smoking, alcohol service, and state police presence at the reservation.
Community contributions.
The Mohegan Tribe used its own funds to pay for the $35 million access road that enables visitors to reach Mohegan Sun without tying up Montville roads. The tribe has worked closely with its neighbors and provided the funding for an $11 million regional water project to ensure safe, clean drinking water.
The tribe has been a strong advocate in the effort to ensure that Connecticut’s communities get a greater share of slots revenues. It proposed a successful initiative to modify the funding formula so that communities most affected by the casinos receive additional funds from the Pequot-Mohegan Fund. 
In addition, the Mohegan Tribe pays $500,000 each year to the town of Montville in lieu of taxes. The Mohegan Tribe is a partner in the Community Economic Development Fund. The revolving loan program will help regional small businesses create jobs. The tribe is the first and only non-bank investor in such a program in Connecticut.
Economy.
The Mohegan Tribe has used gaming to generate revenue for economic development of the Tribe, its members, and the surrounding communities. Mohegan Sun employs about 10,000 individuals internally, while buying supplies and services from hundreds of small and medium-sized vendors and local companies that also employ thousands of individuals. Employees of the Tribes and Casinos pay all federal and state income taxes as well as other employment taxes, providing tens of millions of dollars to the state and federal governments.
As mandated by federal law and the Mohegan Tribe’s Constitution and laws, profits from Native American gaming go to support the health, education, welfare, and infrastructure of tribal governments. Although tribes are entitled to certain federal grants, by 1997 the Mohegan Tribe was in a position to return or reject funds. That year, it turned back $2.2 million in grant funds to the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to be redistributed to other Native American nations.
Since its opening in October 1996, the Mohegan Sun has generated substantial revenues for Connecticut’s economy:

</doc>
<doc id="31207004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207004" title="Ecomb">
Ecomb

History and mission.
EcoMB, originally named the Environmental Coalition of Miami and the Beaches, is a registered 501(c)3 not for profit organization headquartered in Miami Beach Florida. EcoMB was established in 1994. EcoMB's mission is to educate and promote environmental sustainability and ecological preservation in Florida and Miami-Dade County in particular. The organization lists four primary objectives - reduce litter on beaches, parks, mangroves, waterways and surrounding islands; increase rates of recycling; promote, preserve and restore local coastal habitats; and decrease the greater community's carbon footprint.
Monument Island Clean Up.
Since the mid-1990s EcoMB organized clean up efforts for waste and refuse from Biscayne Bay accumulating on the Flagler Monument Island. In 2007 EcoMB officially "adopted" the island to keep it clean permanently, and since organizes monthly all volunteer community clean ups.
Litter prevention.
EcoMB has instituted a number of campaigns to help prevent litter and refuse from accumulating on the beach, hosting monthly beach sweeps, introducing artist designed litter bins on Miami-Dade County beaches and encouraging a county-wide adopt-a-beach program for businesses.
Raising The Bar.
Raise The Bar is a recycling program aimed at raising awareness and promoting recycling at restaurants, bars, nightclubs and lounges in the greater Miami and beaches neighborhoods. The program hosts recycling campaigns and drives at entertainment venues throughout the city to encourage the industry to recycle.
Miami Beach Center For The Environment.
In August 2010 it was announced that EcoMB had reached an agreement to partner with The City of Miami Beach to establish The Miami Beach Center For The Environment (MBCE) which will serve as the organizations headquarters, a public learning and environmental outreach center. The MBCE plans to install educational displays on the local environment, LEED building technology and landscaping showcases, demonstration areas, and a community recycling drop off. The MBCE hopes to begin renovation and restoration of the property throughout 2011 and is aiming to become the first LEED accredited building in the City of Miami Beach. 
The MBCE has gained widespread local praise in the community with local politicians, current City Commissioner Michael Gongora, architect Chad Oppenheim, developer and entrepreneur Ken Fields and many more pledging their support.

</doc>
<doc id="31207021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207021" title="Uncle Tom's Cabin (1927 film)">
Uncle Tom's Cabin (1927 film)

"Uncle Tom's Cabin" (1927) is a silent film directed by Harry A. Pollard and released by Universal Pictures. The film is based on the novel "Uncle Tom's Cabin" written by Harriett Beecher Stowe and was the last silent film version. It is preserved in a copy at the Library of Congress.
In this version of the film, all of the major slave roles, with the exception of Uncle Tom himself, were portrayed by white actors. Actress Mona Ray played the slave Topsy in blackface, while the slaves Eliza, George, Cassie and Harry were all presented as having very light skin coloring because of mixed-race heritage. This film was released on DVD in 1999 by Kino. 
Cast.
"unbilled"

</doc>
<doc id="31207024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207024" title="Beech Creek Railroad">
Beech Creek Railroad

The Beech Creek Railroad is a defunct railroad which operated in central Pennsylvania between Jersey Shore and Mahaffey. Originally chartered in 1882, it was leased by the New York Central and Hudson River Railroad (later the New York Central Railroad) in 1890 and was directly operated by that company afterwards. Much of the line was abandoned in the second half of the 20th century, though sections at both ends are still active.
History.
The company's origins lay in the Susquehanna and Southwestern Railroad, which was chartered on August 12, 1882. That company's charter called for a line from Williamsport, Pennsylvania to the Clearfield county line. The company changed its name to the Beech Creek, Clearfield, and Southwestern Railroad on March 20, 1883. The company failed and was sold to the newly organized Beech Creek Railroad on June 29, 1886. The New York Central and Hudson River Railroad officially leased the company on December 15, 1890, backdated to October 1. The New York Central merged the Cambria County Railroad into the Beech Creek Railroad on May 11, 1898.
An April 29, 1951 a New York Central Timetable listed the line as the "Pennsylvania Division" while an October 30, 1960 Timetable listed it as the "Syracuse Division."

</doc>
<doc id="31207034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207034" title="Jadene Felina Stevens">
Jadene Felina Stevens

Jadene Felina (Acciavatti) Stevens (1947-2013) was an award-winning poet who has been widely published. As a native to the Boston area, she began writing poetry at a young age. Stevens was the founder and director of The Saltwinds Poets, based on Cape Cod. In 2013, her book "Across the Hedge: Calling on Emily Dickinson" (Encircle Publications, LLC) was published posthumously. Other works by Stevens include "Witches: The Voices of Three Women Accused" (1997) and "The Original Trinity" (1994). 
Her poetry has appeared in "Yankee Magazine," "The Christian Science Monitor", "Cape Women Online Magazine, Pedestal Magazine, Muddy River Poetry Review, Brevities, The Aurorean, Prairie Schooner, Transnational Perspectives (Switzerland), Psychopoetica, and Doors Out of Dorset (England)".
Her poems and prose have also been included in a number of anthologies: "Crossing Boundaries - An International Anthology of Women's Experiences in Sport", edited by Susan J. Bandy, Anne S. Darden (1999), "Heartbeat of New England: An Anthology of Contemporary Nature Poems", edited by James Fowler, and "World of Water, World of Sand" by Cape Women Creating and Shank Painter Press.
Stevens has been a three-time consecutive winner of the Phi Theta Kappa Nota Bene International Literary Awards (poetry), a three-time consecutive winner of the Phi Theta Kappa Regional Literary Awards (poetry), and received PTK’s highest award, the International Citation Award (1997). In 2013, the 19th edition of the Phi Theta Kappa's Nota Bene publication was dedicated to Stevens, in recognition of her contributions to the society and the poetry world. She has won several awards in the Writers Digest Poetry Competitions, The New England Poetry Club Poetry Competitions, The Arkansas Writer’s Conference Awards, The Katherine Lee Bates Poetry Competitions, as well as others, etc.
She was co-editor and layout designer of the cover art for the Cape Cod Community College Poetry Anthology, "Dancing On Water" (2002), which included not only student/staff poems, but work from such poets as Martin Espada and Nikki Giovanni. She also designed, laid out and edited a chapbook for Cape Cod Community College’s “Festival of Cultural Diversity,” "Common Roots, Common Ground" (2001), which also included work by students, staff, and noted poets. Stevens was editor and layout/production designer for an anthology titled, "Village Poets of Sandwich", numerous chapbooks for First Night, Chatham, and many more chapbooks.
On April 13, 2013, after a long bout with cancer, Jadene passed from her home and garden in East Harwich, Massachusetts to an eternal one.

</doc>
<doc id="31207035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207035" title="Ugbokhare">
Ugbokhare

Ugbokhare is a village located in the northern part of Esan central local government, Irrua in Edo State, Nigeria with its political zone in ward four. Ugbokhare is about 20 to 30 minutes from the local government headquarters by car. Ugbokhare is surrounded by the villages of Udowo, Ewu, Ivue and Ibore.
History.
According to history the origin of the ugbokhare people is traced back to another Nigerian village called Otuo. In the 14th to 15th century three brothers namely Uzebu, Eneghi and Edemia were said to have come from Otuo to farm on this land. As time went on they decided to build hurts close to their various farms lands, but later refused to go back home. Instead of returning to their village after farming season they decided to settle by bringing their various families down to this farm land for final settlement and people who saw and heard what these brothers have done said to one another look "ugbo-khayo-are" which means they said they came to farm, this was how the name ugbokhare came into existence.
Leadership.
The people of ugbokhare are under the leadership of the eldest man who is called odion ugbokhare,
who has a messenger or personal assistant called ukor odion and other subordinates. The odion ugbokhare in turn takes directions also from the onojie of irrua who is called the okaijesam of esan land. The land of ugbokhare comprises three clans which is named after the three brothers they are referred to as uwelen uzebu who is said to be the eldest brother followed by uwelen eneghi the second and the third is uwelen edomae. These clans are located in different areas of the village which are egbemia, abughe, ibhiagbe, ichechiala, otoukho, ukpagor, uzebu and ukpofan.
Chiefs.
There are some honourables in the land of ugbokhare whom the onojie of irrua (the okaijesan of esan land) rewarded with chieftency title, they are the late imoisili who was called the chief aloh, late j A Aikore who was called the esanfure and thomas ohimua who is now the only chief at present.
Age groups.
There are three main age groups in the land of ugbokhare namely; egbonughe, igene and enedion these age groups are giving different traditional responsibilities unlike the igene, the enedoin and the egonughe have major responsibilities. The egbonughe are responsible for the sweeping and clearing of the major roads and town plannings they also maintain the borrow pit from which the villagers get water in dry seasons. While the enedion maintain law and order and also directions, rules and regulation and they settle disputes among the villagers.
Celebrations.
Apart from the new yam festival which is referred to as iluotu celebrated by the ugbokhare people they also have other festivals: izomi which is dedicated to their local borrow pit and the iluekpe which is dedicated to their shrine ekpe bio olan which is said to be their god, where ekpe is the god and olan is his wife. This god is represented by bees and snakes, both of which were their protector in time of war. The ugbokhare youth movement both home and abroad celebrate their togetherness/annual meeting every Easter using ugbokhare primary school as their venue.
Traditional Dance.
The people of ugbokhare are known for igbabornelimi, asono and Igieleghe. the igbabonelimi is in the form of masquerade and is mainly danced by the uwelen edomaes and is mainly done by males while the asono and Igieleghe are done by both.
Traditional food.
The people of Ugbokhare like all other Esanland eat traditional African foods made from Root Tubers like Cassava, Yam, and Cocoyam. They have their traditional Staple made from cereals like Maize or Corn, which they refer to as Okwo-Oka(Corn Meal). Other dishes includes food like Rice eaten with Stew, Beans, Egusi, Ogbono, Pounded yam, masa (corn cake), aha (matched roasted yam), esiuro, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31207119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207119" title="Two Futures Project">
Two Futures Project

The Two Futures Project (2FP) is a movement made up of American Christians who support and work towards the abolition of all nuclear weapons. This organization believes that human beings face two futures and one choice: a world without nuclear weapons or a world ruined by them. 2FP is supportive of concrete and practical steps to reduce nuclear dangers immediately, while pursuing the multilateral, global, irreversible, and verifiable elimination of nuclear weapons, as a biblically-grounded mandate and as a contemporary security imperative. In order to make these changes in the world they are using a strategy based around the creation of a non-partisan, conscience-driven, enduring majority of Americans who are committed to a nuclear weapons-free world. Two Futures Project seeks to join together one voice of Christian conscience, to encourage and enable national leaders to make the complete elimination of nuclear weapons the organizing principle of American nuclear weapons policy. The founder and director of the Two Futures Project is Rev. Tyler Wigg-Stevenson.
Activities.
The Two Futures Project continues to work in many areas. The activities of 2FP include participation in the 2009 Q Conference. As well as continuing contributions in 2010 to www.qideas.org. 2FP participated in forums at Washington National Cathedral in 2009 and Malone University in 2010. The larger work of Two Futures Project is in the area of making change and here 2FP has been active with work on the New START Treaty, a conference parallel to the Nuclear Summit conference held in 2010, and 2FP has also been active in commenting on the Nuclear issue like in the case of the Posture Review. As the Two Futures Project continues to participate in this array of activities they have not forgotten their Christian calling and continue to bring the Christian community into these activities as well.
Endorsements.
2FP has endorsements from the following individuals: George P. Shultz, Paul Alexander, Leith Anderson, Robert C. Andringa, Rob Bell, Tony Campolo, Noel Castellanos, Richard Cizik, Shane Claiborne, Andy Crouch, Margaret Feinberg, David Gushee, Ambassador (ret.) James Goodby, Ambassador Tony Hall, Joel Hunter, Bill Hybels, Lynne Hybels, Kevin Kelly, Mark Labberton, Jo Anne Lyon, Brian McLaren, Jonathan Merritt, David Neff, Sam Rodriguez, Richard Rohr, O.F.M., Ronald J. Sider, Glen Stassen, Rev. Dr. John R. W. Stott, CBE, Cameron Strang, Chaplain (Colonel) Paul Vicalvi, United States Army, Retired, Miroslav Volf, Jim Wallis, Ambassador (ret.) George F. Ward, and James Emery White.
Criticism.
2FP has been criticized by the Family Research Council for its support of the New START agreement. As well as by the Institute for Religion and Democracy for various reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="31207147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207147" title="James P. Sterrett">
James P. Sterrett

James Patterson Sterrett was a Pennsylvania jurist.
He graduated from Jefferson College (now Washington & Jefferson College) in 1845.
He was a trustee of Jefferson College from 1855 until its union with Washington College in 1865; he was a trustee of the unified board until 1985.
He joined the Pennsylvania Supreme Court on February 26, 1877.
He retired in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="31207164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207164" title="Voice Fantasy">
Voice Fantasy

'Voice Fantasy' is a role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix and released for the Apple iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. Players create characters using the sounds of their own voices and then engage in combat with in game enemies or each other. The game was critically panned by reviewers, criticized for its limited game play with little replay value, though praised for its novel concept.
Gameplay.
The game contains three modes of play; "Single Match", where players battle other players, "Tag Match" where they battle in groups of two, and "Demon King", where monsters are battled instead. Once battle commences, all battle actions and commands are automated. Based on the pitch of your voice, a character will be created with different levels of eight different combat attributes such as abilities, personality, and jobs such as a warrior or a mage. As the character players have created attack, they repeat the sound or words the player used to create them, sometimes using a different pitch level. The game holds up to 50 characters, and characters can be saved or deleted after each round of combat.
Development.
Developer studios Koto Laboratories contributed to the software development and sound implementation. On February 22, 2010, Square Enix registered a trademark for "Voice Fantasy". Some excitement and discussion preceded the release of the game, when a week before its release, Square Enix posted on their Facebook page that they were releasing a game allowing players to create characters with their voices, and some speculated it was related to a previously released game called "Song Summoners". On February 18, 2011, the game was updated so that players could play as any of the three main characters from the highly acclaimed video game "Secret of Mana".
Reception.
Two major concerns of reviewers were the lack of ability by the player to participate in combat, and prevent any mistakes by the in game AI, and the inability of the characters to gain a higher level through experience points like other role playing games, making any weak skilled characters not worth playing with at all. IGN referred to the game as a tech demo, citing its lack of extensive gameplay or story, and rated the game 5.5, or "Mediocre". Reviewers cited that other than brief laughter with friends at the strange or obscene things they got their characters to say, the length of gameplay could be measured in minutes. Touch Arcade classified it as on the border between a game and an entertainment app because of its brevity and its lack of interactivity, but recommended it for playing in the presence of friends to show the iPhones unique gaming capabilities. The game was praised for its novelty, and Square's attempts to create a game specifically using the strengths of the game system it was making games for, and also trying something new instead of more efforts at porting older games. The graphics were also praised for their retro and colorful graphics style, and was named "App of the Day" by The Unofficial Apple Blog. It has also been noted that the spells, monsters, names and music of the game do not come from any established "Final Fantasy" game, making the "Fantasy" title feel "tacked on."

</doc>
<doc id="31207174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207174" title="Cage (film)">
Cage (film)

Cage is a 1989 American martial arts action film starring Reb Brown and Lou Ferrigno.
Plot.
A GI in Vietnam saves his buddy's life, but in the process is shot in the head. The injury results in brain damage to the point where he basically has a child's brain in a (very large) man's body. When they get out of the army the two open up a bar together, but some local gangsters make things tough for them after they refuse to take part in brutal "cage" matches where fighters battle to the point of serious injury and/or death
Reception.
The movie received a modest reception from critics.

</doc>
<doc id="31207252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207252" title="Somerset Berkley Regional High School">
Somerset Berkley Regional High School

Somerset Berkley Regional High School is the public high school for the towns of Somerset and Berkley, Massachusetts, beginning in September 2011.
Academics.
Somerset Berkley Regional High School possesses departments of Art, Business Technology, English Language Arts and Reading, Engineering Technology, Foreign Languages, Health, Family & Consumer Sciences, Mathematics, Music, Physical Education, Science, Social Studies, and Special Education.
Students score well above the state average score for Advanced/Above Proficient knowledge in each section of the Massachusetts Comprehensive Assessment System exams.
The school offers Advanced Placement courses in Studio Art, English Language & Composition, English Literature & Composition, European History, United States History, World History, Psychology, Calculus, Biology, Chemistry, and Physics. Students may also take other Advanced Placement courses online. A majority of students receive passing scores on Advanced Placement exams in every subject offered.
In 2008-2009, Somerset High School's SAT averages were 504 in Reading, 488 in Writing, and 519 in Mathematics.
Athletics.
Somerset Berkley Regional High School competes in Division Three of the Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association. Current sports include: Baseball, Boys & Girls Basketball, Cheerleading, Boys & Girls Cross Country, Field Hockey, Football, Golf, Gymnastics, Ice Hockey, Boys & Girls Soccer, Softball, Boys & Girls Spring & Winter Track, Boys & Girls Tennis, Volleyball, & Wrestling.
Teams are fielded at the Varsity, Junior Varsity, or Freshman levels, depending on the sport.
Most teams compete in the Eastern Athletic Conference (EAC), which also includes Bishop Feehan High School, Bishop Stang High School, Coyle and Cassidy High School, and Martha's Vineyard Regional High School.
The school's traditional athletic rivals are the Cardinals of Joseph Case High School in Swansea, Massachusetts. The annual Thanksgiving Day football game between Somerset and Swansea is a storied tradition.
Regionalization.
Before 2011, high school students from Berkley attended Somerset High School through a special tuition agreement between the two towns. Under this agreement, the Town of Berkley paid for the right of their students to attend Somerset High School. However, the school was run by the School Committee of the Town of Somerset, in which Berkley residents held no formal representation.
Debate about the creation of a regional high school - in which both Somerset and Berkley residents would be represented - existed for many years. However, the issue gained little political traction until a variety of factors - mainly the lingering end of the tuition agreement and the rapid deterioration of the Somerset High School building - brought the issue to the forefront of political debate in both towns in 2009-2010.
In August 2010, Massachusetts Commissioner of Elementary and Secondary Education Mitchell D. Chester formally approved a regional school district agreement voted on by the two towns that created a regional school district between Berkley and Somerset at the high school level. Under the agreement, each town will pay a share of the school's budget proportional to their percent representation among the student body. Seats on the Somerset Berkley Regional School Committee, which will govern the school, will be divided similarly.
New building.
Construction on the current Somerset Berkley Regional High School building completed in 1937, to replace the original 1885 building that was burned down in 1935. 
A 2010 report by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC) declared that the physical condition of the current high school building “does not adequately support” educational programs and support services. Difficult conditions in the building include “a lack of adequate space in certain instructional areas”, limited handicapped accessibility, out-of-date fire safety equipment, a small gymnasium space, and poor ventilation. Questions about the structural integrity of the building's foundation led to some areas of the building being condemned during the 2008-2009 school year. The building was originally constructed as a project of the Works Progress Administration, but has since grown considerably with the addition of several new wings over the years.
The Massachusetts School Building Authority (MSBA) offered a significant amount of financial assistance to the Town of Somerset to fund a new high school building should it choose to form a regional high school with Berkley.
As of 17 March 2011, the MSBA lists a new high school for the Town of Somerset as an "active project".

</doc>
<doc id="31207258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207258" title="2012 CFL Draft">
2012 CFL Draft

The 2012 CFL Draft took place on Thursday, May 3, 2012 live at 3:00 PM ET on TSN. 45 players were chosen from among eligible players from Canadian Universities across the country, as well as Canadian players playing in the NCAA. The Calgary Stampeders had the most selections with eight, while Hamilton had seven picks. The Toronto Argonauts and Montreal Alouettes each had six and the Edmonton Eskimos and Winnipeg Blue Bombers had five picks. The defending Grey Cup champion BC Lions and the Saskatchewan Roughriders had the fewest selections with just four. A total of three trades involving 11 draft picks in this draft were made on the draft day itself. Of the 45 draft selections, 24 players were drafted from Canadian Interuniversity Sport institutions, which is the lowest percentage of CIS players taken since 2006 (26 of 50, 52%, were selected then). It is also the lowest amount of CIS players taken since the 2000 CFL Draft when just 22 out of 46 players were chosen.
The first two rounds were broadcast live on TSN with CFL Commissioner Mark Cohon announcing each selection. The production was hosted by Rod Black and featured the CFL on TSN panel which included Duane Forde, Chris Schultz, Dave Naylor, Farhan Lalji, Blake Nill, Jeff Cummins, and Stefan Ptaszek who analyzed the teams' needs and picks.
Top prospects.
60 of the top Canadian athletes attended the 2012 CFL Evaluation Camp which took place March 2-4 in Toronto. Below is a table with the CFL Scouting Bureau rankings of the top CFL Draft prospects.
Trades.
In the explanations below, (D) denotes trades that took place during the draft, while (PD) indicates trades completed pre-draft.

</doc>
<doc id="31207273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207273" title="Me and My Drum">
Me and My Drum

"Me and My Drum" is an English language song by American-Swede Swingfly with Christoffer Hiding and Beatrice Stars. The song is written by Teron Beal, Patrik Magnusson, Johan Ramström and Swingfly himself.
Swingfly (real name Ricardo DaSilva II), alongside Hiding and Stars performed it in the first semi-final of 4 semi-finals in "Melodifestivalen 2011" on 5 February 2011 at the Coop Arena, Luleå coming second and proceeding to the finals on 12 March 2011 at the Globe Arena in Stockholm. He finished fifth overall.
"Me and My Drum" is produced by RamPac (Johan Ramström and Patrik Magnusson). Drums by Patrik Heikinpieti.
The song was released one week before the final and proved popular making it to #10 in the Sverigetopplistan, the official Swedish Singles Chart and rising further up to #2. It was also certified platinum in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="31207276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207276" title="CKCR-FM">
CKCR-FM

CKCR-FM is a Canadian radio station in Revelstoke, British Columbia. The station operates at 106.1 FM/MHz. CKCR is owned by Bell Media and airs an adult contemporary format under the EZ Rock on-air brand.
History.
In 1965, Hall-Gray Broadcasting Co. Ltd. (Bob Hall and Walter Gray) launched CKCR Revelstoke on the AM dial at 1340 kHz. CKCR was a satellite of CKXR.
Over the years, the station went through different ownerships. In October 2007, the assets of Standard Radio (including CKCR) were purchased by Astral Media, which is the current owner of CKCR.
CKCR in Revelstoke has applied to convert from the AM band to the FM band which received Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) approval on March 3, 2009. CKCR will broadcast on 106.1 FM with 800 watts.

</doc>
<doc id="31207284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207284" title="Pray for Death">
Pray for Death

Pray For Death is a 1985 American martial arts action film starring Sho Kosugi.
Plot.
At the insistence of his American-born wife, Aiko (Donna Benz), Akira Saito (Sho Kosugi) decides to immigrate from Japan to the country of her birth to raise their two sons Takeshi (Kane Kosugi) and Tomoya (Shane Kosugi) and start their own business. Unbeknownst to his family, Akira is in fact a highly skilled ninja, who had faithfully protected the secrets of the temple minded by his adoptive father and sensei, Kaga. Years before, Akira's brother, Shoji - also raised and trained by Kaga - sought to steal from the temple in disguise, forcing Akira to engage him in battle and kill him. Akira's meditation on this matter is disrupted by an attack from Kaga to encourage him to wipe the guilt from his mind before it kills him. Akira announces his intentions to move to America to start a new life, and to put the shadows of the ninja behind him. Kaga makes him swear never to reveal the secrets of their sect, and gives him a ninja helmet as a parting gift, but reminds him he can never leave his shadows behind.
The Saitos land in Los Angeles and meet with Sam Green, the widowed owner of a closed restaurant and apartment that Akira and Aiko planned to buy. After the sale is completed and the family visits the local mall, the cigar store area of the building is broken into by police Sgt. Trumble (Charles Greuber), a corrupt cop along with his partner Sgt. Joe Daly (Matthew Faison) working for local mobster Mr. Newman (Michael Constantine). Daly removes loose floor boards and puts a large white box underneath, containing the Van Adda necklace. However, he reconsiders and double-crosses the mob by taking the necklace for himself. The next day Newman's enforcer, Limehouse Willie (James Booth), waits until the building is again deserted before entering himself only to discover the necklace is missing. Seeing Sam Green's packed luggage in his car, Willie incorrectly dedeuces that he's skipping town with the jewels and kills him even though he doesn't find them. Suspicion now fails on the Saitos.
The next day, as Akira and Aiko enjoy the first day of business - "Aiko's Japanese Restaurant" - Tomoya and Takeshi go out to the local store and are confronted by local bullies eyeing Takeshi's bike. Tomoya - who has a red belt in karate - defends his younger brother and bests the bullies. But during the fight, Willie abducts Tomoya and leaves Takeshi with a broken nose when he tries to stop him. Willie then phones Akira demanding he delivers the necklace (of which he knows nothing about) to Pier 25 in exchange for his son's life. Curious, he goes into the cigar store room and finds the broken lock on the door, the loose floor boards, as well as a grey thread from Daly's suit jacket, which also shows he is left- handed.
Akira arrives at the pier and boards one of the ships empty-handed and is then restrained by Willie and his men for interrogation. Willie doesn't believe Akira's claims that it was a left-handed man in a grey suit that took the necklace and cuts him with his knife across his chest. But when he threatens his son with a blow torch, Akira smashes the light above his head and uses his ninja skills to escape with Tomoya. He listens to Aiko's insistence and goes to the police the next day. Meanwhile, although Willie is convinced that the necklace isn't with the Saitos, Newman still wants them eliminated for what they know.
Akira leaves the house with instructions to his family to stay indoors. At the precinct, he speaks with Lietenanat Anderson (Norman Burton)with both Trumble and Daly present as he identifies Willie in the provided mug shots. Anderson can do nothing to keep him away from the Saitos without evidence, and Akira agrees to help him. Daly informs Newman, and is assured Willie will clean up his mess, but informs him they need to have "a little chat."
Back at the apartment, Takeshi accidentally kicks his soccer ball out the window and Tomoya goes out to recover it despite his mother's insistence. Aiko chases after him and both are run down by Newman's thugs stationed outside. Akira arrives seconds afterwards and - because they had been ordered to switch vehicles to confirm they killed Aiko and Tomoya - recognizes the thugs from the night before and gives chase in his car, then on foot. The resulting struggle while their truck is moving results in both men being killed. At the hospital, Tomoya's on life support, while Aiko is bruised and shaken but still being kept overnight for observation. Anderson arranges for police personnel to guard them.
Akira sneaks on board Willie's ship during a party and, after subduing his security, cuts the power and sneaks up behind him. With a knife to his throat he warns him to stay away from the Saitos or he will pray for death. Akira is gone by the time the lights go on. Instead of heeding his warning, Willie sneaks into the hospital and manages to snuff out Aiko, but is stopped by Anderson and his men before he can kill Tomoya and escapes. Akira returns to the hospital and has a moment alone with his wife's body. He swears he will make Willie and his men pay for destroying their dreams by returning to the shadows of the ninja (unaware that Takeshi hears this vow behind him). He takes Tomoya out of hospital care against Anderson's warnings that they can't guarantee police protection. Fed up with the incompetence of the police, Akira only warns him to stay out of his way.
Elsewhere, Daly and Trumble meet at a restaurant where Willie also shows up and murders them both for their treachery.
Akira relocates the boys to a warehouse. Behind closed doors, he performs rituals that signify his return to the ways of ninjitsu, and, with a makeshift forge, creates a new katana blade while Takeshi finds ninja weapons in Akira's belongings. In full ninja garb, Akira prays to Aiko before donning the helmet his father bequeathed to him before leaving Japan.
Reception.
The movie was not looked at favourably by critics. One exception was "drive-in" movie reviewer Joe Bob Briggs, who praised Kosugi as "the best kung fu man since Bruce Lee" and ranked the film high on his 10-best list for 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31207289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207289" title="Blueprints for a Blackout">
Blueprints for a Blackout

Blueprints for a Blackout is the fourth album (and the first double album) by Dutch post-punk band The Ex, originally released in 1984. It was the first of The Ex's albums to feature Luc playing bass guitar and he would remain as the band's bass player for 20 years. The album also featured many guest musicians, a notable trend in The Ex's discography that would provide musical elements unique to each of their albums.
Personnel.
The Ex.
Various members played double-bass, organ, violin, oil-barrels, accordion, beer-crates, piano.

</doc>
<doc id="31207302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207302" title="Festival of Lights (film)">
Festival of Lights (film)

Festival of Lights is a 2010 film directed and written by Shundell Prasad. It stars Melinda Shankar as the rebellious and mouthy Reshma, Jimi Mistry as Reshma's birth father, and Aidan Quinn as Reshma's stepfather. The film deals with Reshma's struggles to find her father whom she was separated from when she and her mother, played by Ritu Singh Pande, migrate from Guyana to New York.
Plot.
Separated from her father when their family immigrates from Guyana, a young girl comes of age in New York City. Battling through a troubled youth and a broken relationship with her mother, she struggles to find peace and discover the secret of what happened to her father.
Production.
The film was directed, written and co-produced by Shundell Prasad. It was filmed in Georgetown, Guyana and Queens, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31207308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207308" title="Automation Centre">
Automation Centre

Founded in 1993, Automation Centre LLC is a privately held independent software vendor located in Tucson, Arizona, in the United States of America.
Their first product, Tracker Suite, was released in 1994. Tracker Suite is a groupware solution for the Lotus Notes/Domino messaging platform. The first release of Tracker Suite provided functions for time reporting.
As development continued, new components were incorporated into Tracker Suite, including modules for project management, HR, help desk services and others. In 2001, Automation Centre released a similar groupware product for the Microsoft Outlook / Exchange messaging platform, called TrackerOffice. In 2006, Automation Centre released TrackerSuite.Net, a purely Web based suite of integrated business applications similar to Tracker Suite, but with cloud computing capabilities.
Automation Centre collectively brands these solution sets as Tracker.

</doc>
<doc id="31207352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207352" title="Presidential Palace (Guinea)">
Presidential Palace (Guinea)

The Presidential Palace Sekhoutoureah (Palais présidentiel Sekhoutoureah) in Conakry, Guinea is the seat of the President.
The Palais Presidentiel Sekhoutoureah is behind the Cathedrale Sainte-Marie.

</doc>
<doc id="31207435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207435" title="2001 HaSharon Mall suicide bombing">
2001 HaSharon Mall suicide bombing

The 2001 HaSharon Mall suicide bombing was a suicide bombing which occurred on May 18, 2001 in the HaSharon Mall in Netanya. Five people were killed in the attack.
The Palestinian Islamist militant organization Hamas claimed responsibility for the attack.
The attack.
On Wednesday, May 18, 2001 at 11:30 am, a Palestinian suicide bomber wearing a long blue jacket with hidden explosives attached to his body, approached the popular HaSharon Mall mall in the center of Netanya. The suspicious looking militant was approached by the mall's security guard whom soon thereafter attempted to prevent the suicide bomber from entering the mall. As a result, the militant immediately blew himself up at the entrance to the mall. The blast killed five people and injured more than 100.
Aftermath.
Following the attack Israeli fighter jets attacked Palestinian security forces headquarters in the West Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="31207441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207441" title="Toxteth Park, Glebe">
Toxteth Park, Glebe

Toxteth Park is an historic house that now houses St Scholastica's College, Glebe in Sydney, New South Wales. It was built in 1829 by the Australian architect John Verge and is listed by the New South Wales Heritage Council as a building of historical significance. The house was owned by two generations of the Allen family and in 1901 was purchased by the Catholic Church and became a convent and a school. The building is now used by the Sisters of the Good Samaritan as the “Good Samaritan Congregational Centre” and is available for small group historical tours by arrangement.
George and Jane Allen.
George Allen was born in 1800 in London. His father died when he was only six and his mother remarried. His stepfather, Thomas Collicott, had a business selling medicines. In 1812 he was convicted of not affixing revenue stamps to the medicine bottles and was transported to Australia. The rest of the family including George who was then only 16, followed him to Australia in 1816. George was articled to a solicitor the next year and was a practicing solicitor in 1822. He was the first solicitor to receive his legal training in the colony.
During his training he joined the Wesleyan Church and became very religious. He became Secretary of the Benevolent Society and a member of the Temperance Society. He also had various political roles including Mayor of Sydney between 1844 and 1845 and Member of the NSW Legislative Council from 1856.
In 1823 he married Jane Bowden who was the daughter of the schoolteacher Thomas Bowden. Over the years she bore fourteen children of whom five sons and five daughters survived. 
In 1829 George commissioned the famous architect, John Verge, to build Toxteth House on 96 acres that he had acquired in Glebe. The original house built by Verge is shown below. It was a rectangular two story building with single storey wings. It also had a stone flagged verandah around two sides of the house. The gardens were very elaborate and contained an orchard and even a large private cricket ground. Over the years George Allen built several other houses on the estate including Tranby and Emslee which are shown below in the wide photo of the estate. In 1847 he built a Wesleyan Chapel on the grounds a photo of which is shown below. 
George had a particular interest in horticulture and the grounds surrounding the house contained many different varieties of trees and flowers. In 1845 he entered the Horticultural Show and displayed flowers which included amaranthus, celosia, fuchsia, salvia and amaryllis. He also entered various varieties of apples, pears, figs, passionfruit medlars almonds and capsicum.
In 1877 George Allen died at Toxteth Park and his eldest son George Wigram Allen inherited the property. 
Sir George Wigram Allen and Lady Allen.
George Wigram Allen was born in 1824 in Sydney. He was articled to his father as a solicitor in 1841 and six years later went into partnership with him. 
In 1851 he married Marian Clapham Boyce whose father was the Reverend William Binnington Boyce, a Wesleyan minister. The wedding took place in Toxteth Park Chapel. The couple lived at Strathmore which was adjacent to Toxteth Park and it was from here that the panorama photo of Glebe (see above) was taken. Over the years they had eleven children.
George had a very distinguished career. As well as being a lawyer he was Mayor of Glebe for some time and later entered the NSW Legislative Assembly and became Minister for Justice and Public Instruction. He was also elected Speaker of the Assembly in 1875. In 1877 he received a knighthood for his services as Speaker, and appointed K.C.M.G. in 1884.
When George’s father died in 1877 he inherited Toxteth Park but did not move to the property until 1881 because he wanted major alterations made to the building. Under the supervision of the architect George Arthur Mansfield he added a third storey, a tower and a ballroom. 
From the early 1880s some of the land around Toxteth Park was sold by George and free standing villas were erected. After George died in 1885 major subdivisions of the Estate were made over the next decade. Lady Allen remained at Toxteth house after her husband’s death until about 1900 and then moved to Banksia in Woollahra. Before she left her son Arthur took many photos of the house and grounds some of which are shown below. In 1901 she sold the property to the Sisters of the Good Samaritan. 
Sisters of the Good Samaritan.
St Scholastica's was originally located in Pitt Street Sydney. It was opened as a high school by the Sisters of the Good Samaritan in 1878. However in 1899 the Government decided to build Central Railway Station and several properties including the school owned by the Good Samaritan Sisters were resumed and demolished. Toxteth Park was purchased and the school was relocated to Glebe. The gates of the School in Pitt Street were brought to the new premises and are still used today. A photo of the original school in Pitt Street showing the gates as they were in 1875 is below. A magnification of the gates on the left of the building is also given.

</doc>
<doc id="31207452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207452" title="Attorney General of Rhode Island">
Attorney General of Rhode Island

The Attorney General of Rhode Island is the chief legal advisor of the Government of the State of Rhode Island and oversees the State of Rhode Island Department of Law. The Attorney General is elected every four years. The current Attorney General is Peter Kilmartin.
History of the Rhode Island Attorneys General.
In 1643, Roger Williams obtained a patent (charter) from the English Parliament. The towns of Providence and Warwick elected a Chief Officer under the authority of this Parliamentary Patent of 1643. In 1647, the towns of Newport, Portsmouth, Providence, and Warwick formed a united colony under the Parliamentary Patent. In May 1650, the offices of "Attorney General for the Colonie" and "Solicitor" were created.

</doc>
<doc id="31207469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207469" title="David J. Ryder">
David J. Ryder

David J. Ryder (born 1955) was Director of the United States Mint from 1992 to 1993.
Biography.
David J. Ryder was born in Billings, Montana on October 14, 1955. He attended Boise State University.
Ryder worked for the United States Department of Commerce as deputy commissioner general of the U.S. Pavilion at the 1984 Louisiana World Exposition 1983-84, and then commissioner general 1984-85. From 1985 to 1986, he worked in the Office of the Vice President of the United States as Director of Advance. He was director of operations for TCOM Systems, Inc. from 1986 to 1988.
He was director of operations of the 1988 Republican National Convention. After George H. W. Bush won the 1988 U.S. presidential election, Ryder was director of management and operations for Bush's transition team. From 1989 to 1990, he was Deputy Chief of Staff of the Office of the Vice President of the United States. In 1990-91, he was Deputy Treasurer of the United States.
In 1991, President Bush nominated Ryder to be Director of the United States Mint and he subsequently held this office from September 1992 to November 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="31207479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207479" title="Charles Bernard Day">
Charles Bernard Day

Charles Bernard Day (born April 12, 1957) is a United States magistrate judge and former nominee to be a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. His nomination to a life-tenure, federal district court judgeship during 2010 and 2011 ran aground amid opposition from Republican senators, who objected to moving forward with a United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary hearing on his nomination after what were reported to be "insurmountable concerns" by Republicans over matters raised during Day's background investigation.
Early life and education.
Born in Dothan, Alabama, Day earned a bachelor's degree in criminal justice from the University of Maryland in 1978, a master's degree in judicial administration in 1980 from American University and a law degree in 1984 from the University of Maryland School of Law.
Professional career.
Day began his legal career in 1985 as an assistant state's attorney for Montgomery County, Maryland. In 1989, he joined the Washington, D.C. law firm Sherman, Meehan, Curtin & Ain, working as a civil litigation attorney with a firm, being promoted to partner in 1995.
Work as a magistrate judge.
In 1997, Day was appointed by the judges on the United States District Court for the District of Maryland to be a federal magistrate judge.
Nomination to federal district court.
On July 21, 2010, President Obama nominated Day to a judicial seat on the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, to fill the vacancy created by the Judge Peter Jo Messitte to take senior status. Day's nomination lapsed at the end of 2010, and President Obama renominated him on January 5, 2011.
However, Day's nomination languished for more than a year, and he never received a hearing before the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary, which is the standard procedure for a judicial nominee to be considered for a floor vote before the full Senate. NPR commented on the delay in an August 4, 2011 article, stating that "Some of the longest waiting nominees, Louis Butler of Wisconsin, Charles Bernard Day of Maryland and Edward Dumont of Washington happen to be black or openly gay". Without comment, Obama withdrew Day's nomination on October 31, 2011.
After Day's nomination was withdrawn, a spokeswoman for U.S. Sen. Charles Grassley, the ranking member of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee, told the Blog of Legal Times in an e-mail that some committee members had "insurmountable concerns" about matters raised during Day's background investigation. Those concerns, which the spokeswoman declined to elaborate on, were what prompted Republican senators to block a committee hearing on Day. The spokeswoman also told the Blog of Legal Times that Day "is aware of those problems and is free to share that information if he so desires."
In the wake of the failed nomination, Maryland's two Democratic senators, Barbara Mikulski and Ben Cardin, issued a joint statement stating that they were "very disappointed" that Day's nomination had stalled in committee. "Judge Day is an extraordinary jurist, greatly respected by the Maryland legal community," the statement read. "He has the experience and qualities that are needed in our judges. He also understands the day to day lives of ordinary Americans, and the need for their rights to be protected."

</doc>
<doc id="31207486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207486" title="Carmelo Giuliano">
Carmelo Giuliano

Carmelo Héctor Giuliano González (born June 14, 1951), is a former Argentine football defender. He was born in Avellaneda and played for Hércules CF.
Club career.
When Club Atlético Independiente won the 1973 Intercontinental Cup, Giuliano was a substitute in the final. He joined Hércules on the recommendation of Miguel Ángel Santoro. He was one of the players with most appearances in Hércules in La Liga. Although one of the most famous defenders of the La Liga, he was never in the national team. He retired after 30 years after an incident in a Copa del Rey match against Cartagena FC in 1980, during which he was injured by another player Pedro Arango Segura. After his enforced retirement to Alicante where he currently lives, he became a sports commentator on radio and television.

</doc>
<doc id="31207511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207511" title="Package (OS X)">
Package (OS X)

In the Apple OS X operating system, a package is a file system directory that is normally displayed to the user by the Finder as if it were a single file. Such a directory may be the top-level of a directory tree of objects stored as files, or it may be other archives of files or objects for various purposes, such as installer packages, or backup archives.
Definition.
The package is a common file system abstraction used by Apple operating systems, such as OS X and iOS. It is a directory that may contain a hierarchy of files or objects that represent a preserved, organized state. A package is displayed to users like a single file in the Finder application to avoid being changed by the user. However, the content of packages may be accessed through special keyboard and mouse combination events. For this purpose, the control-click, or right-click, menu displays a directive "Show Package Contents".
Some documents may be represented as packages:
The Uniform Type Identifier (UTI) for a package is com.apple.package.
Bundles.
A package that has a standardized structure for storing executable application code and its associated resources, is called a Bundle. 

</doc>
<doc id="31207565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207565" title="List of Gippsland Football League premiers">
List of Gippsland Football League premiers

The Gippsland Football League is an Australian rules football competition that commenced in 1954, under the name Latrobe Valley Football League. The following is a list of the all the premiership winning teams from 1954 in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="31207575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207575" title="2009 NAIA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament">
2009 NAIA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament

The 2009 NAIA Division II Men’s Basketball National Championship was held in March at Keeter Gymnasium in Point Lookout, Missouri. The 18th annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format.

</doc>
<doc id="31207576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207576" title="Franciscan Sisters of the Family of Mary">
Franciscan Sisters of the Family of Mary

The Franciscan Sisters of the Family of Mary, (; ), also known as "Siostry Rodziny Maryi, RM", is a Polish female religious institute The congregation was established in St. Petersburg during the Partitions of Poland with the mission to help Polish children stricken by hunger in the Russian Empire, and to save the impoverished Catholic parishes persecuted by the Tsarist authorities. The congregation was founded in 1857 by the Warsaw archbishop, Zygmunt Szczęsny Feliński, who was beatified by John Paul II during his last pilgrimage to Poland in 2002, and canonized by Benedict XVI in 2009. The Sisters base their life on the Franciscan ideals of service to God and to the common people, especially the poorest. The spirit of scarcity is evident in their own standard of life. Dwellings and rooms of the Sisters are furnished in such way as to make the poor and the rich feel humbled. The young postulants don't contribute dowries. The nuns wear black habits with a purple rope. In Poland the Sisters of the Family of Mary conduct educational activities in nursery schools and rehabilitation centres, help at children's homes as well as hospitals and care homes. They help disadvantaged and the homeless by running shelters. They also work in parishes as religion teachers, organists and assistants, as well as in seminaries. 

</doc>
<doc id="31207581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207581" title="Joseph de La Nézière">
Joseph de La Nézière

Joseph de La Nézière (1873–1944) was a French painter.
Biography.
Joseph de La Nézière was born in Bourges, France in 1873. He studied with painter Alfred Roll, a member of the Beaux-Arts Academy. He traveled extensively in North Africa and became a well-known orientalist artist. He was commissioned in 1910 to illustrate the stamps for the postal service of French North African colonies. The painter died on April 15, 1944 in Casablanca, Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="31207598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207598" title="Algophagy">
Algophagy

Algophagy is the act or behavior of feeding on algae found in many species of animals.

</doc>
<doc id="31207599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207599" title="Ignace Deen Hospital">
Ignace Deen Hospital

The Ignace Deen Hospital (Hôpital Ignace Deen) is a hospital in Conakry, Guinea built during the colonial era. A report in 2011 described the conditions as squalid, with poor quality of care. During the election campaign in October 2010, the hospital received several dozen supporters of the Presidential candidate Alpha Condé, apparently suffering from poisoning. They later recovered after treatment by traditional doctors.
Origin and location.
The Ignace Deen Hospital, originally called the Hôpital Ballay, was built during the colonial era in the old town.
The hospital is situated next to the National Museum.
The original name honored doctor Nöel Ballay, the first governor of Guinea in 1890 after it became separate from Senegal.
The hospital was renamed following independence after a director in the Sékou Touré era, Ignace Deen.
The Touré regime was ruthless in suppressing dissent. After the discovery of a coup attempt was announced in 1969, the 42-year-old surgeon-general of the hospital, Dr. Maréga Bocar, was condemned to a lifetime of forced labor.
Between 1986 and 1988, a European project coordinated by the University of Liège rehabilitated the Ignace Deen Hospital.
Without European funding, it could never have been rebuilt and re-equipped. 
It is one of the two National Hospitals with a reference laboratory, the other being Donka Hospital.
Ignace Deen is also a university hospital (Centre Hospitalo Universitaire, or CHU), as is Donka, the only two in the country.
Quality of care.
A travel guide describes the hospital as "not very reliable".
A February 2011 report said the hospital had dilapidated infrastructure, poor sanitation, stifling heat, stench, lack of water and electricity, lack of drugs and maintenance. A bribe was required to gain admittance. There were few doctors. Wards were crowded, infested by bed bugs and mosquitoes. The toilets were clogged and there was an acute shortage of drinking water, which relatives of the patients were expected to supply.
After a serious traffic accident killed two people and seriously injured three others in April 2008, the wounded were rushed to the hospital. There they waited for more than two hours without care, since the nursing staff had not been paid. This is common practice in Guinea, and many patients die due to non-payment before they receive emergency care.
Diseases.
Maternal mortality is high in Guinea due to lack of primary health care, poorly equipped obstetric wards in referral hospitals, untrained personnel and lack of health education.
A 1991 study at the hospitals in Guinea found that the main causes of maternal death were abortion complications, which were linked with hypertension, and postpartum bleeding.
A 1995 study at Ignace Deen found that anemia accounted for 65% of all maternal mortality.
A study at the hospital showed high rates of sexually transmitted diseases among pregnant women including Candidosis (28.76%), Vaginal Trichomoniasis (13.88%), Chlamydia trachomatis (3.37%), HIV (2.38%), Syphilis (0.99%) and Gonococcus (0.40%).
Over a five-year period, 41 cases of chronic pulmonary heart disease were observed at the hospital, representing 7.14% of hospitalized patients. The condition ranked 4th after hypertension, various myocardiopathies and valvulopathies.
In the news.
The hospital must periodically deal with the aftermath of political violence.
A demonstration on Independence Day on 28 September 1993 was violently suppressed by troops. Official accounts said 18 people died and 198 were injured. Hospital records show 31 deaths, 21 at the Donka hospital and 10 at Ignace Deen, and 225 wounded.
On Independence Day 2009, several thousand people staged a demonstration against the military rule of Captain Moussa Dadis Camara outside the Conakry Grand Mosque. It was reported that demonstrators were "trapped, brutalised, humiliated, beaten up, raped, stabbed and killed by drugged squads of the army". Authorities gave a death toll of 56, but human rights groups reported over 150. 
The bodies were taken to the morgue in the Ignace Deen Hospital, which was placed under military guard.
An International Commission of Inquiry was established to investigate the violence, taking evidence from doctors at Ignace Deen who had given first aid and had heard the firsthand accounts of the victims.
In October 2010, several supporters of the presidential candidate Alpha Condé were admitted to Ignace Deen hospital complaining that they had been poisoned by Fulani.
Condé's wife, Mme Djene Kaba Condé, and other female leaders made a public visit to the victims, who appeared to be in considerable pain.
The news caused violence in Upper Guinea, with people from Middle Guinea being killed or expelled and their property vandalized.
When the hospital director Mme Hadja Fatoumata Binta Diallo said the Condé supporters were in no danger and no deaths had occurred, Prime Minister Jean Marie Doré suspended her for making speculative statements before a full medical analysis had been completed.
After two weeks, the victims were visited by a team of traditional healers from Upper Guinea who performed gestures and incantations that caused them to immediately return to health.
Binta Diallo was reinstated by the President later that month.
Following Condé's election, in January 2011 Dr. Mohamed Awad was appointed director-general of the hospital.
He replaced Dr Fatoumata Binta Diallo.

</doc>
<doc id="31207605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207605" title="Thomas Posthumous Hoby">
Thomas Posthumous Hoby

Sir Thomas Posthumus Hoby (1566 – 30 December 1640), also sometimes spelt Hobie, Hobbie and Hobby, Posthumous and Postumus, was an English gentleman and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1589 and 1629.
A Puritan, he has been claimed as the inspiration for Shakespeare's character Malvolio in "Twelfth Night".
Life.
Hoby was the younger son of Sir Thomas Hoby (1530–1566), the English Ambassador to France in 1557, by his marriage to Elizabeth Cooke, who was a daughter of the humanist Sir Anthony Cooke (1504–1576), one of four sisters notable for their learning. Hoby was born after his father's death, which led to his gaining the additional name of 'Posthumus'. His sisters Elizabeth and Anne died within a few days of each other in February 1571, while his elder brother was the diplomat and scholar Sir Edward Hoby (1560–1617). Hoby was also a nephew of Sir Philip Hoby, Master-General of the Ordnance and an English ambassador to the Holy Roman Empire.
Hoby was a very small boy and grew up to be nicknamed "the little knight" for his slightness and short stature. He was educated at Eton and at Trinity College, Oxford, matriculating in 1574 at the age of eight.
Also in 1574, some years after his father's death, Hoby's mother married secondly John, Lord Russell, the eldest surviving son of the Earl of Bedford, and with him had three further children, Elizabeth, Anne and Francis. She was the sister-in-law of William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley, Queen Elizabeth's Secretary of State, and Hoby was himself a first cousin of Robert Cecil, 1st Earl of Salisbury, who succeeded his father as the Queen's principal minister. As his mother pursued favours for herself and her friends, Hoby became a protégé of Burghley. Among his many other first cousins were the philosopher and statesman Francis Bacon and the spy Anthony Bacon.
In 1589 Hoby was elected Member of Parliament for Appleby. He was re-elected MP for Appleby in 1593. In 1595, Hoby married Margaret Sidney (1571–1633), daughter and heiress of Arthur Dakins, a landed gentleman of Linton, already the widow of two men, of Walter Devereux, a younger brother of the Earl of Essex, and of Thomas Sidney, a brother of the poet Philip Sidney. Hoby had been an unsuccessful suitor four years earlier, after Margaret had lost her first husband. They set up home at Hackness, Yorkshire, but had no children. Margaret Hoby is notable as a diarist.
In 1597 Hoby was elected MP for Yorkshire and Scarborough but was declared ineligible at Yorkshire. He was elected MP for Scarborough again in 1604. In 1614 he was elected MP for Ripon and was re-elected MP for Ripon in 1621, 1624, 1625, 1626 and 1628. He was Custos Rotulorum of the North Riding of Yorkshire from 1621 to 1626.
A Puritan, in 1600 Hoby brought a legal action against William Eure (1579–1646) and several of his other neighbours, alleging that they had entered his house, taken drink, played cards, ridiculed Puritanism, and threatened to ravish his wife. In 1609 he alleged in the Star Chamber that Sir Richard Cholmley had twice spoken contemptuously to him in the hope of provoking a duel. One historian of the period has described Hoby as "that most overbearing, touchy, and resentful of Yorkshire magistrates". It has been suggested that the character of Malvolio in William Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is based on Hoby and that his legal action of 1600 inspired Scene III of Act 2 of "Twelfth Night", in which Malvolio is disturbed by drunken merry-making.
As a magistrate, Hoby has been described as "exceptionally conscientious".
On his mother's death in 1609 Hoby inherited from her "all my pastures of the manor of Gyfford in Gloucestershire", and in 1617 he inherited the estates of his brother, Sir Edward.
Death and memorials.
Hoby died on 30 December 1640 and was entombed with the remains of his wife in the Hackness parish church. By a Will dated 28 March 1640 he left his manor of Hackness to John Sydenham of Brympton in Somerset, the son of his first cousin Alice Hoby, daughter of Sir William Hoby of Hayles, who was Hoby's uncle. He made further bequests to other members of the Sydenham family, and he also left each of his servants three years' wages. A memorial to him was erected in the church at Hackness in 1682 by Sir John Posthumous Sydenham (1643–1696), the son of Hoby's principal heir and a knight of the shire for Somerset. There is also a more impressive memorial to him in All Saints' Church, Bisham, where a painted statue of Hoby is among a family group in the Hoby chapel.
Although Hoby had no children, his brother Edward's natural son Peregrine Hoby (1602–1679) was the father of Sir Edward Hoby, 1st Baronet (1634–1675), whose baronetcy continued until the fifth Baronet died in 1766.

</doc>
<doc id="31207616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207616" title="1987–88 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1987–88 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1987–88 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illiniois.
Regular season.
The 1987-88 season brought Lou Henson his 500th career victory and laid the foundation for what would be an incredible history making season in 1988-1989.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31207624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207624" title="Diversity FM">
Diversity FM

Diversity FM was a community radio station based in Lancaster, north Lancashire, which covered the Lancaster and Morecambe district. It broadcast a mixture of live and pre-recorded shows and music 24/7 on 103.5FM and via the Internet. 
It launched at 11am on 9 October 2007 with the first song 'I'm on my Way' from the musical 'Paint Your Wagon'.
At the start of September 2011 Diversity FM launched a new website and started to play announcements on air that a change was happening on 3 October 2011 ahead of a brief re-brand and relaunch before its eventual closure.
In early March it was reported that Diversity FM was to close down at the end of the month due to problems with funding. At midnight on 31 March 2012, Diversity FM was to cease it's live broadcasting. The presenters (a large group of the volunteers involved with the station at the time and some previous members) were unable to decide what to play as the last 'official' song and the broadcast was extended due the presenters not wanting to end! Eventually, the last song was chosen and played at twenty nine minutes past midnight (00:29) on 1 April 2012, the song 'September' by Earth Wind and Fire marked the end of the station's live broadcasting and the station went into automation (or 'Non-Stop Diversity' as it was branded).
On 27 April 2012 the transmitter was turned off. The last song (which just happened to be 'I Try' by Macy Gray) was followed by the last piece of audio heard on 103.5FM: a clip of Edmund Blackadder and Queen Elizabeth from the popular TV show 'Blackadder' reciting the end of a ransom note that read "hope you're not to miffed... byeeeeee". This was followed by the last post and a final jingle.
The future (2013 - present).
As of January 2013, listeners and supporters of Diversity FM were encouraged to visit a new website http://www.beyondradio.co.uk which reports to be "bringing community radio back to Lancaster and Morecambe" Beyond Radio is the new community radio group founded by former Driversity FM members and other notable community radio person(s).
On 2nd July, 2014 - Media regulator Ofcom announced its latest awards of community radio licenses under Round 5 of the current application process. Beyond Radio - under the operation of Proper Community Media (Lancaster) Limited was awarded a 5 year FM license to begin from the as yet to be announced date of launch, which we see the return of Community Radio to the districts of Lancaster and Morecambe. The announcement by Ofcom was followed by a personal message from the organisations Chairman, Steven Normyle via its social media outlets. 

</doc>
<doc id="31207625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207625" title="Treat (album)">
Treat (album)

Treat is a split cassette shared between by Dutch punk band The Ex and Scottish ex-pat tour mates Dog Faced Hermans. The album was recorded live while the two bands toured Europe together and was released only on cassette in 1990. That year the two bands also collaborated on the single "Lied der Steinklopfer" ("Stonestamper's Song") released under the name Ex Faced Hermans, as well as sharing live sound engineer Gert-Jan, credited as a full member of the Dog Faced Hermans who continued to tour with The Ex for more than a decade.
The following year the Dog Faced Hermans took time off and Hermans guitarist Any Moor joined The Ex.

</doc>
<doc id="31207651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207651" title="Stella Hackel Sims">
Stella Hackel Sims

Stella Hackel Sims (born 1926) was Director of the United States Mint from 1977 to 1981.
Biography.
Stella Bloomberg was born in 1926 in Burlington, Vermont. She was educated at the University of Vermont, graduating in 1945, and at the Boston University School of Law, receiving her J.D. in 1948.
In 1949 she married Donald H. Hackel (1925--1985). In 1956 she was elected prosecutor of Rutland, Vermont, holding that office until 1963. From 1963 to 1973, she was Commissioner of the Vermont Department of Employment Security. In 1971-72, she was also President of the Interstate Conference of Employment Security Agencies. She was elected Vermont State Treasurer in 1974 and served one term, 1975 to 1977. She ran unsuccessfully for Governor of Vermont in 1976. She was succeeded as Treasurer by Emory A. Hebard and returned to Rutland as city attorney.
In 1977, President of the United States Jimmy Carter named Hackel Director of the United States Mint, and she subsequently held this office from November 1977 to April 1981. In that capacity, she oversaw the creation of the Susan B. Anthony dollar in 1979. During her time at the Mint she remarried and became known as Stella Hackel Sims.
Hackel Sims retired in 1988, settling in Arlington, Virginia and Naples, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31207661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207661" title="R. Brooke Jackson">
R. Brooke Jackson

Richard Brooke Jackson (born 1947), known professionally as R. Brooke Jackson, is a United States district judge serving on the United States District Court for the District of Colorado. The United States Senate confirmed him on August 2, 2011. He received his judicial commission on September 1, 2011. Jackson formerly had served as a Colorado state judge.
Early life and education.
Born in Bozeman, Montana, Jackson earned an A.B. from Dartmouth College in 1969. He then earned a law degree in 1972 from Harvard Law School.
Professional career.
Jackson spent 26 years with the law firm Holland & Hart, including as an associate from 1972 until 1978, and as a partner from 1978 until 1998.
Jackson was appointed to the state bench in 1998, and in 2003 was named Chief Judge for Colorado's First Judicial District, which covers Jefferson County, Colorado and Gilpin County, Colorado.
Nomination to federal district.
On September 29, 2010, President Obama nominated Jackson to a judicial seat on the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, to fill the vacancy created by the death of Judge Phillip S. Figa.
Jackson's nomination lapsed at the end of 2010. President Obama renominated him on January 5, 2011. The United States Senate confirmed him by unanimous consent on August 2, 2011. He received his judicial commission on September 1, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31207672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207672" title="Jazz Goes to the Movies">
Jazz Goes to the Movies

Jazz Goes to the Movies is an album by American jazz arranger and conductor Manny Albam recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 4 stars stating "fans of old movie music arranged by a talent like Albam are advised to keep an eye out for it". 

</doc>
<doc id="31207747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207747" title="Juno Cup of 2011">
Juno Cup of 2011

The Juno Cup of 2011 was an ice hockey game in Toronto, Ontario on 25 March 2011. This will be the eight annual such competition which is a charitable event held in conjunction with the 2011 Juno Awards.
The NHL Greats, former professional hockey players, won the game 13-10 over The Rockers.
A training camp for the players was held at the Ricoh Coliseum, the game venue, on 8 February 2011.
Roster.
Competing teams consist of the NHL Greats (NHL players) and The Rockers (musicians).

</doc>
<doc id="31207748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207748" title="Jean Dinning">
Jean Dinning

Jean Dinning (March 29, 1924 – February 22, 2011) was an American singer and songwriter, best known for co-writing, with her then-husband, Red Surrey, the 1959 hit song "Teen Angel", the most popular version of which was sung by her brother Mark Dinning.
Personal life.
Born Eugenia Doy Dinning, she was one of nine children. In the 1940s she had several hits as a member of The Dinning Sisters. At the time of her death, she left two surviving Dinning siblings, (Virginia, aka "Ginger", and Dolores, aka "Tootsie").
Death.
She died on February 22, 2011, aged 86, in Garden Grove, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31207751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207751" title="Al Szolack">
Al Szolack

__NOTOC__
"Big Al" Szolack (born ) is a retired American basketball player best known for his time spent on the Washington Generals, the traveling exhibition team who plays against, and always loses to, the Harlem Globetrotters. He played for just the 1974–75 season, one in which the Generals lost all 245 contests. Szolack became a favorite among the Globetrotters and was selected as the "unwitting" participant in many of their pre-determined entertainment plays.
Early life and college.
Szolack was raised in Woodbury, New Jersey. He was described as "reed-thin" but was a "sniper" on the basketball court while playing for Woodbury High School, from which he graduated in 1968. His ability earned him all-conference and all-county honors, and Szolack then continued his career at Atlantic Cape Community College for two years. After community college, Szolack attended Glassboro State College (now called Rowan University), a then-NAIA school located in Glassboro, New Jersey. He was an integral player on the team, serving as one of their best substitutes off of the bench for head coach Jack Collins. In both seasons the team qualified for the national tournament. Szolack graduated from Glassboro State in the spring of 1973.
Professional and later life.
Right after college, Szolack tried out for the Scranton Apollos in the Eastern Professional Basketball League, but he was the last cut and did not make the roster. He came upon the Washington Generals when he went to see the Globetrotters at the Spectrum in Philadelphia and obtained Red Klotz' phone number. Szolack spent the next year touring the world and playing against (losing to) the Globetrotters. They played seven days a week and sometimes played twice in a day.
After his exhibition basketball career ended, he moved to Fort Lauderdale, Florida and became a bartender. Then, his 54-year old mother—with whom he was very close—died from a heart attack. He began to self-medicate with drugs and alcohol, and even admitted later to using up to $1,000 worth of cocaine per day for a time. From ages 27 through 34, Szolack's life was in ruins. In an interview, he later admitted, ""Drugs turned me into a thief, a liar, a cheat ... One day I found myself sitting in a corner, holding a shotgun. I lived the life of a vampire, peeking out windows for hours at a time. Sometimes I had only enough energy to get from the bed to the sofa. I was sick, very sick. I didn't live ... I existed.""
After not knowing where to turn, he made one last attempt for help by visiting his fiancee's mother. She gave him a hug; it was this hug that he claims turned his life around. He eventually dedicated his life to keeping children off of drugs and alcohol. He now goes by the nickname Al "Hugs Not Drugs" Szolack and serves as an abuse awareness director at Hammonton High School in Hammonton, New Jersey. He is also a motivational speaker and runs an annual basketball camp which he calls "Big Al's Basketball Camp." Szolack travels across the United States giving speeches, many times at colleges and universities, and he is on the NCAA-approved speaker roster.
Slozack is married to Carol Szolack; they have two daughters, Karolena and Olivia. As of 2011, they reside in Mullica Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="31207788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207788" title="Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 28)">
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 28)

The following is a list of episodes from the twenty-eighth season of PBS "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" which aired in 1998.
Episode 1 (Giving and Receiving).
Rogers visits Eric Carle, author and illustrator of children's books. Mr. McFeely shows a videotape on how fortune cookies are made. A Spanish-speaking "Fortune Cookie Man" makes his debut in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe. 
Episode 2 (Giving and Receiving).
Saihou Njie gives Rogers a demonstration on making batik vests. Later in the program, Mr. McFeely shows a videotape on how bagels are made. 
Episode 3 (Giving and Receiving).
Rogers brings back "The Potty Book" that he had introduced back in 1989, and reads it in full, this time. Mr. McFeely shows a videotape of how toilets are made. Betty Okonak Templeton visits the Neighborhood of Make-Believe in search of Lady Elaine. 
Episode 4 (Giving and Receiving).
Rogers creates a simple merry-go-round from paper plates and a cardboard tube. Mr. McFeely shows a videotape on how carousel horses are made. 
Episode 5 (Giving and Receiving).
Rogers presents a gift for Mr. McFeely just as he delivers a book for guest LeVar Burton (the host of the PBS program "Reading Rainbow") to read. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, the finder balloons reveal Lady Elaine and her friend in an obscure room of the Museum-Go-Round. 
Episode 6 (You and I Together).
Rogers sees people operating a lifting device that elevates a wheelchair into a van. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, King Friday commands Mayor Maggie, who had arrived in a wheelchair, to visit Dr. Bill Platypus for a clean bill of health. 
Episode 7 (You and I Together).
Rogers' comforts a visit with Koko the Gorilla. No such warmth can be found in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe when a different gorilla visits. The lone exception is Lady Aberlin, who finds the gorilla tame. 
Episode 8 (You and I Together).
Rogers visits his eye doctor to have his vision checked. Mr. McFeely presents a video on how eyeglass lenses are made. Lady Elaine is bent on warning the Neighborhood of Make-Believe about the visiting gorilla. 
Episode 9 (You and I Together).
Rogers talks about how a variety of sticks is similar to a group of words: the more you have, the better you can work with them. Mr. McFeely shows a video of a service dog, named C.D., aiding a handicapped child. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Dr. Bill Platypus tries to ensure Lady Elaine that the gorilla, called Kevin Wendell, is tame. 
Episode 10 (You and I Together).
In drawing a rainbow, Rogers points out the more colors, the better. He then reflects on a place where friends visit to play with toys. Lady Aberlin hints that Kevin Wendell Gorilla may not be a gorilla after all. 
Episode 11 (Little and Big).
Prince Tuesday is a natural at working a yo-yo, much to King Friday's chagrin. To everyone's dismay, Friday disallows any yo-yos in the neighborhood. 
Episode 12 (Little and Big).
At an airport, Rogers sees Mr. McFeely about to take deliveries on a helicopter. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Lady Aberlin and Miss Paulifficate are unwilling enforcers of King Friday's bar on yo-yos. This does not prevent Lady Elaine from flying a helicopter she has called "Yo-Yo". She flies up, but does not come down. 
Episode 13 (Little and Big).
Lady Elaine is trying to send messages for her neighbors to get her down from her stuck helicopter. Unfortunately, Bob Dog grabs on her hat message and gets stuck himself. 
Episode 14 (Little and Big).
Mr. McFeely shows a videotape of his visit to inventor Chuck Hoberman. Rogers gets a visit from Mrs. McFeely. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Handyman Negri rescues both Bob Dog and Lady Elaine. Rogers plays a cassette tape of cello music and reflects on Yo-Yo Ma and his son Nicholas.
Episode 15 (Little and Big).
Rogers visits the studio apartment of an innovative architect. She explains how an appreciation of the earth inspired her to design certain tables, seats, and couches. Cornflake S. Pecially improves King Friday's mood with a "Royal Automated Yo-Yo". Further reason to repeal the "no yo-yos" rule comes from a videotape of Yo-Yo Ma and Big Bird

</doc>
<doc id="31207790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207790" title="Dime Que Me Quieres">
Dime Que Me Quieres

"Dime Que Me Quieres" () is the second single by Banda El Recodo. It is featured in the band's second album, Me Gusta Todo de Ti. This song is the band's third most well-known song, and has made the charts.
Music video.
The music video starts by showing a woman in a bikini. Then the main singer of the band applies for a job as a pool boy. He also writes a letter to the woman in the bikini. The band is also playing in a different place of the house. The singer is a waiter at a restaurant where he is well-known. He is shown walking and singing in an alley. The other pool boy gives her the letter written by the singer. As the woman reads the letter made for her, she looks displeased and worried. There's another man that wants the woman and the father approves of this. The singer is seen walking to the woman's house but is disappointed to see the woman with the other man. He leaves and walks down the same alley, where he was before, when a car pulls up and friends greet him and he gets in. The song ends, but shows that it is to be continued. 
Tito El Bambino has a cameo in this music video and is also a friend to the singer. 

</doc>
<doc id="31207791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207791" title="Winston E. Kock">
Winston E. Kock

Winston Kock (1909–1982) was the first Director of NASA Electronics Research Center (NASA ERC) in Cambridge, Massachusetts from September 1, 1964 to October 1, 1966. The Center was created for multidisciplinary scientific research, its proximity to certain colleges, its proximity to a local U.S. Air Force research facility, and was perceived as part of the nation's cold war effort.
He was an American electrical engineer, researcher, and musician. Kock was also a novelist under the pseudonym Wayne Kirk. Kock also wrote books about topics in engineering and acoustics. These included radar, sonar, holography, and lasers. Kock's seminal research in artificial dielectrics, carried out at AT&T Bell Laboratories in the 1940s, is a historical connection to metamaterials.
Education.
At age four Kock started learning piano, and by high school he could play full recitals. In college he began composing music. He then took electrical engineering courses at the University of Cincinnati and continued studying piano and organ at the Cincinnati College of Music. In the 1930s, as partial fulfillment of his bachelor's degree, he built an electronic organ. He used the more economical neon glow tubes for his electronic organ rather than radio vacuum tubes as sources for tones. In 1932 he received his BSc degree in electrical engineering.
For his master degree thesis Kock grappled with the problem of pitch stabilization for 70 neon tubes in an electronic organ. In 1933 he received his Master of Science degree.
In 1934, he received his Ph.D. in experimental and theoretical physics from the University of Berlin. His examiners were Professors Max von Laue and Arthur Wehnelt. As part of the thesis, Kock, together with another candidate, developed an improved design for an electronic organ based on the formant principle.
Career.
Kock was a researcher for Bell Laboratories. Part of his work there involved artificial dielectrics. He proposed metallic and wire lenses for antennas. Some of these are the metallic delay lens, parallel-wire lens, and the wire mesh lens. In addition, he conducted analytical studies regarding the response of customized metallic particles to a quasistatic, electromagnetic radiation field. Kock noted behaviors and structure in these artificial materials.
Before becoming Director of NASA Electronics Research Center he was vice-president research of the Bendix Corp., Detroit. After leaving the Director's position, he returned to Bendix as vice-president and chief scientist. He continued at NASA as a member of the Administration Committee.
Research.
He continued work in electronic music engineering from the age of electronic tubes all the way to the invention of the transistor. He also researched holography, gamma rays, semiconductors, picture phone and artificial dielectrics. His work in artificial dielectrics preceded metamaterials by approximately 50 years.
Patents.
Kock received over 200 patents in the electrical engineering and acoustic engineering fields.
Books.
Kock wrote several books including "Sound Waves and Light Waves" (1965), "Lasers and Holography" (1981), "Seeing Sound" (1972), "Radar, Sonar and Holography" (1974), and "The Creative Engineer: the art of inventing" (1978). 
He also authored "Applications of Holography" (Proceedings of United States-Japan Seminar on Information Processing by Holography, held in Washington, D.C., October 13–18, 1969).
Published research.
At the Fortieth Meeting of the Acoustical Society of America (November 9, 10, and 11, 1950) Kock, along with a colleague, contributed research results pertaining to ""a photographic method using mechanical scanning for displaying the space patterns of sound and microwaves..."" : 
Below is a list of some of Kock's published research:
See also.
Past artificial material scientists
Metamaterial scientists

</doc>
<doc id="31207807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207807" title="Durango Discovery Museum">
Durango Discovery Museum

The Durango Discovery Museum at the Powerhouse is an interactive science center located in Durango, Colorado, a mountain town in the Four Corners area, in southwest Colorado. The museum opened on February 23, 2011 in what was once a power plant.
The museum is located in the Durango Light and Power Company building, built in 1892. 
The plant was a very early alternating current power plant, the power we use today, meaning the town of Durango had AC powered street lights before many large cities in the East. In honor of its past, Durango Discovery Museum focuses on energy-related themes throughout its exhibit spaces and in its outreach programs. The renovated Mission-style Powerhouse is a state and national historic place. Today, the original boiler room remains intact and serves as the science center's theater. 
Located on the bank of the Animas River, along the Animas River Trail, the Durango Discovery Museum is part of the City of Durango's initiative to revitalize the riverfront. The Museum is located at 1333 Camino Del Rio, Durango, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="31207810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207810" title="The Return of Mr. Zone 6">
The Return of Mr. Zone 6

The Return of Mr. Zone 6 is a studio album by American rapper Gucci Mane. It was released on March 22, 2011, through 1017 Brick Squad Records. Drumma Boy produced a majority of the album, along with Zaytoven, PHRECORDS and Southside. "The Return of Mr. Zone 6" scored 65/100 to indicate "generally positive reviews". The album landed a spot on the "Billboard" 200 at number 18, with first week sales of 22,064. It also charted at number two on the Rap Albums chart.
Music videos.
A music video for "Mouth Full of Golds", featuring New Orleans rapper Birdman, was released on February 21, 2011, and produced by Drumma Boy. It is directed by Mr. Boomtown. "Mouth Full of Golds" appears on Birdman's mixtape "Bigger than Life". Released a day before "The Return of Mr. Zone 6" was a video for "I Don't Love Her", featuring rappers Rocko and Webbie. Zaytoven produced the song. Mr. Boomtown also directs the video. Gucci Mane also released a video for "24 Hours", again directed by Mr. Boomtown.

</doc>
<doc id="31207811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207811" title="Vincent L. Briccetti">
Vincent L. Briccetti

Vincent Louis Briccetti (born September 27, 1954) is a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. On April 12, 2011, the Senate confirmed his nomination by unanimous consent during executive proceedings. He received his judicial commission on April 14, 2011.
Early life and education.
Born in Mount Kisco, New York, Briccetti graduated from Fox Lane High School in Bedford, New York. He earned an A.B. in 1976 from Columbia University and a law degree from Fordham University School of Law in 1980.
From 1980 until 1982, Briccetti worked as a law clerk for Judge John Matthew Cannella on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
Professional career.
From 1982 until 1984, Briccetti worked as an associate attorney for the now-dissolved New York City law firm Townley & Updike.
From 1985 until 1989, Briccetti served as an assistant U.S. attorney in Manhattan. From 1989 until 1992, Briccetti served as an associate attorney for a Stamford, Connecticut law firm. In 1992, Briccetti started his own law firm. From 1992 until 1993, Briccetti worked as a sole practitioner in White Plains, New York and from 1993 until the present, he was joined by partners. From 1993 until 2000, he served as a partner in Briccetti & Calhoun, while from 2000 until 2011, he was a partner in Briccetti, Calhoun & Lawrence.
Nomination to federal district court.
In 2001, Briccetti applied with U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer for a federal judgeship. Although he was not chosen, he heard from members of Schumer's judicial screening panel from 2002 until 2010 that he was still considered a candidate.
In January 2010, the chairman of Schumer's panel asked Briccetti to submit an updated questionnaire to the panel.
On November 17, 2010, President Obama nominated Briccetti to a judicial seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York to fill the vacancy created by Judge Kimba Wood's transition to senior status in 2009. On April 12, 2011, the Senate deemed his nomination confirmed by unanimous consent. He received his judicial commission on April 14, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31207818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207818" title="Chris Vaughn">
Chris Vaughn

Chris Vaughn is an American songwriter, recording artist, filmmaker/producer/director from Neptune, New Jersey. He is best known for his original song "Fallen Angel", was featured in the film "Stiletto"; and as a filmmaker for his documentary film "Jerseyboy Hero", which he wrote, produced, directed, scored and starred in himself. Vaughn was born and raised in New Jersey. He went to high school at Shore Regional High School in West Long Branch, New Jersey and currently resides in Brick, New Jersey with his wife, Shannon and their two sons.
Film.
Chris Vaughn debut's as a film director, producer and star in his first film entitled, "Jerseyboy Hero". Jerseyboy Hero is a documentary film which features Chris Vaughn as an aspiring musician. which was inspired by New Jersey Native Musicians, Bruce Springsteen and Jon Bon Jovi. It follows the filmmaker/songwriter as he records and promotes his own music in hopes of reaching either one of these two local legends from the Garden State. The film's first rough cut screening was premiered at the 2010 Garden State Film Festival, but the film was not screened in its final form until April 7, 2011 at Clearview Cinemas in Red Bank, New Jersey. The film is scored completely by Chris Vaughn and features all his own original music. Vaughn's finally does capture his Hometown Hero, Bruce Springsteen for the film finale.

</doc>
<doc id="31207880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207880" title="Donn M. Roberts">
Donn M. Roberts

Donn M. Roberts (September 28, 1867 – August 3, 1936) was the mayor of Terre Haute, Indiana from 1913 to 1915.
Biography.
He was born in Annapolis, Illinois to William Henry Roberts and Octavia Bruner. On July 3, 1889 in Indianapolis, Indiana he married Mary Grace Tiernan. He was the mayor of Terre Haute, Indiana from 1913 to 1915. He was convicted of bribery in 1915 and spent three and a half years in Leavenworth prison of his six-year sentence.
He was buried in St. Joseph's Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31207885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207885" title="Alec Bradley">
Alec Bradley

Alec Bradley is the name of a popular brand of handmade cigars established in 1996 by Alan Rubin, the son of an importer of hardware supplies. Rubin launched his brand, named after his children, at the tail end of the cigar boom of the 1990s and entered a clogged market. After failed initial schemes at producing cigars targeted to golf courses and flavored after-dinner cigars, Rubin managed to carve out a tenuous niche selling budget-priced cigars to tobacconists. In 2007 the company managed to break through to a broader market with the introduction of its full-flavored "Tempus" line. As of 2011 the company was selling between two and three million cigars annually to consumers around the world.
Company history.
Establishment.
Alan Rubin (born circa 1961) was the son of a hardware importer who ran a Florida-based company called the All Points Screw Company, specializing in sales to manufacturers of cabinetry. Alan entered the business immediately after finishing college and helped the firm change its emphasis to the sale of hurricane fasteners, a booming business in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew in 1992.
In 1996 the prosperous hardware concern was sold and Rubin used part of his proceeds from the sale to seriously launch the new cigar company he had envisioned and incorporated shortly before. The new company was named Alec Bradley after Rubin's children.
Rubin attended the 1996 Retail Tobacco Dealers of America trade show and eventually found a small manufacturer in Honduras who agreed to make cigars for him. Rubin later recalled the relationship was one-sided and costly. "It didn't work out very well," he said in a January 2011 interview with "Cigar Aficionado" magazine. "He was taking my money and not giving me product."
The first cigars by Alec Bradley were known as "Bogey's Stogies" and were designed to be sold through golf pro shops for golfers to smoke on the course. Manufactured from 1997 to 1999 — the deepest years of the "cigar bust" which followed the faddish cigar boom of the 1990s — Bogey's Stogies proved an unprofitable venture. By the spring of 1999, Rubin found himself approximately $60,000 in debt and facing failure of his venture.
The turnaround.
In 2000, Rubin hooked up with cigar industry professional Ralph Montero, who came to work for Alec Bradley and was instrumental in shifting its direction. Rubin and Montero were convinced that they needed to gain space in the retail shops of specialty tobacco sellers and managed to scrape together enough money to launch a new product line called "Occidental Reserve," using Henke Kelner, a maker of cigars for the cigar brand Davidoff.
Some 500 sample packs of the new cigars were prepared and mailed out to retail shops, which were followed up with phone calls soliciting business. About 300 new customers were won for the company with this last-ditch gambit, according to Rubin.
The company followed up its low price Occidental Reserve line with a new triangular cigar called the "Trilogy." The unusual new cigar shape was both an attempt to lure consumers with a fresh-looking new product and an attempt to replicate the feel of a 46 ring cigar in the hand with a more weighty 50 ring product. 
Rubin remembered:
"...I didn’t really love box-press or the semi-presado, I didn’t really like that feel, so I went to Home Depot, and they happened to be demo-ing a DeWalt table saw, and I asked the guy, 'Does this thing cut angles?' he said, 'Yeah,' and I said, 'I’ll be right back.' I went out and I bought wood, I had him cut it on angles, and I bought some wood glue, and I made molds. I used a hand-vice that we had in the back of the office, and I started pressing cigars in a triangular shape. 
"I made a V-shaped mold with an open top, and I used a flat top on it. That’s how we started to press them. When everyone would leave the office, I’d put two in there, and the next morning, I’d come in and take them out. It was hard to convince people here that it was what we should do, but once they started smoking it, they realized that it was really comfortable in their mouth and in their hand, and they embraced it."
Rubin followed up his triangular cigar in 2005 with another new line, this time a stout 50 ring gauge called "Maxx." Both of these new releases were well received in the industry, helping the struggling company to survive.
In 2007, Alec Bradley achieved its greatest success to date with the introduction of a new full-bodied line called "Tempus." 
Rubin later recalled:
"Every cigar that we did prior to Tempus was mild, mild-to-medium, or medium. Tempus gave us a more full-bodied cigar, a little more strength, a high level of satisfaction in the flavor profile. It was really the next level of cigar for us. Alec Bradley became the brand with Tempus. We felt the cigar warranted it."
The new Tempus line was produced by the Fabrica de Tabacos Raices Cubana factory of Danlí, Honduras, known for the manufacture of Cuban-style cigars with triple-capped heads. A special Trojes tobacco from the Jalapa Valley of Nicaragua was used for the product, which met with critical success from cigar connoisseurs.
Company today.
Alec Bradley is today based in Dania Beach, Florida. The company sells between two and three million cigars each year.
Over the years a number of manufacturers have been used to make Alec Bradley's various products, including Raises Cubanas of Honduras, Nestor Plasencia in Honduras and Nicaragua, and Henke Kelner in the Dominican Republic.
The Alec Bradley Prensado won the 2011 #1 spot in Cigar Aficionado Magazine skyrocketing the companies brand into contention with other world renowned cigars

</doc>
<doc id="31207886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207886" title="Robert Lembke">
Robert Lembke

Robert Lembke ("Robert Emil Weichselbaum") (born 17 September 1913 in Munich; died 14 January 1989) was a German television presenter and game show host.
Life.
Lembke started to study law at the age of 18, but dropped out of college. He then worked as a news paper journalist (Berliner Tageblatt and Simplicissimus). He rejected the signing of a loyalty oath to Adolf Hitler and was after that barred from working as Journalist in Nazi Germany. He then took a job at I.G. Farben. His Jewish father had fled to England in 1936. In 1935, Lembke married Mathilde Bertholt and three years later they had a daughter.
After World War II Lembke worked as journalist. Together with Hans Habe, Erich Kästner and Stefan Heym Lembke started German newspaper "Neue Zeitung" in Munich. Since 1949 Lembke worked for German broadcaster Bayerischer Rundfunk. Lembke was, from 1961 to his death in 1989, game show host of "What's My Line?" (with Hans Sachs, actress Marianne Koch, Annette von Aretin and Guido Baumann).

</doc>
<doc id="31207905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207905" title="Lembke">
Lembke

Lembke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31207923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207923" title="Creamfields Australia">
Creamfields Australia

Creamfields Australia is an annual dance music festival held in major cities throughout Australia. Events company/brand Totem Onelove, who also produce Stereosonic, brought the brand to Australia in 2010. The Creamfields brand comes from the people behind Liverpool's famous Cream club. Headliners in 2010 included The Bloody Beetroots, Steve Angello, MSTRKRFT, Ferry Corsten, LMFAO, Dave Clarke and Marco V. In 2010 it was held in Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, Perth and Adelaide. 
Headlining the festival in 2011 was Deadmau5, Martin Solveig, Skrillex, Chuckie, Simon Patterson, Gabriel & Dresden, Wynter Gordon, Kevin Saunderson and Derrick May. It was held in Adelaide (under the name Planet Cream) on 22 April, Perth on 23 April, Melbourne on 25 April, Canberra (under the name Warehouse) on 26 April, Sydney on 30 April and finished in Brisbane on 1 May.
Other Creamfields festivals have been held throughout the world in cities such as Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates), Buenos Aires (Argentina), Andalucía (Spain), Punchestown (Ireland), Punta del Este (Uruguay), Alcala de Henares (Spain), Istanbul (Turkey), Vilnius (Lithuania), Mexico City (Mexico), Moscow (Russia), Prague (Czech Republic), Lima (Peru), Santiago (Chile), Rio de Janeiro, Curitiba, Belo Horizonte (Brazil), Malta, Wrocław (Poland) and Lisbon (Portugal).

</doc>
<doc id="31207925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207925" title="New Plymouth Coastal Walkway">
New Plymouth Coastal Walkway

The Coastal Walkway is an award-winning, long walkway located along the coast of New Plymouth, New Zealand. The walkway stretches from near Port Taranaki, past the central city, to Hickford Park, in Bell Block, north-east of New Plymouth. 
History.
The Coastal Walkway is a foreshoreway constructed in 1999, along with the "Wind Wand", originally as a long walkway. In 2010, extensions were made to the walkway, an additional 3 kilometres were added, extending to Bell Block. The walkway runs through a number of bridges, most notably, the Te Rewa Rewa Bridge.
Awards.
The walkway has received numerous awards, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31207927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207927" title="Servius Sulpicius Camerinus Cornutus">
Servius Sulpicius Camerinus Cornutus

Servius Sulpicius Camerinus Cornutus, the short form of whose name is Camerinus, was consul at Rome in the year 500 BC, serving at first with Manius Tullius Longus.
Livy reports that no important events occurred during this year, but Dionysius of Halicarnassus states that Camerinus detected and crushed a conspiracy to restore the Tarquins to power. His fellow-consul Tullius died during the year, leaving him as sole consul.
"Camerinus" was the first consul of a patrician family of the Sulpicii which may have taken its name from the town of Cameria or Camerium in Latium. He was the father of Quintus Sulpicius Camerinus Cornutus, consul in 490 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="31207931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207931" title="Deeplana">
Deeplana

Deeplana (दीपलाना) is a village in Nohar tehsil in Hanumangarh district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.

</doc>
<doc id="31207933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207933" title="Roy B. Dalton, Jr.">
Roy B. Dalton, Jr.

Roy Bale "Skip" Dalton, Jr. (born 1952) was an American lawyer and is currently a federal judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. Pursuant to an agreement of April 14, 2011, the Senate deemed his nomination confirmed by unanimous consent during executive proceedings that were held on May 2, 2011. He received his commission on May 3, 2011.
Early life and education.
Born in Jacksonville, Florida, Dalton earned a bachelor's degree in 1974 from the University of Florida and a law degree in 1976 from the University of Florida Levin College of Law.
Professional career.
From 1977 until present, Dalton has worked as a civil litigator for a variety of different law firms. From 1977 until 1980, he was an associate for an Orlando, Florida law firm, Dean, Ringers, Morgan and Lawton, PA, and from 1980 until 1982, he was a principal at that firm. From 1982 until 1984, Dalton was in solo private practice in Orlando, and he was part of a larger law firm in Orlando as a principal from 1984 until 1986. He was part of a different Orlando law firm from 1986 until 1989, and then from 1989 until 1998, he was part of an Orlando law firm where one of his fellow partners was future U.S. Sen. Mel Martinez.
From 1999 until 2001, Dalton was again in solo legal practice in Orlando, and he was a principal in an Orlando firm in partnership with another lawyer from 2001 until 2003.
From 2004 until present, Dalton has been of counsel to The Carlyle Appellate Law Firm in The Villages, Florida. He also served as a counsel to Martinez in 2005 and 2006.
Nomination to federal district court.
On November 17, 2010, President Obama nominated Dalton to fill a judicial vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida that was created by the transition to senior status by Judge Henry Lee Adams, Jr. in April 2010. His nomination lapsed at the end of 2010, and Obama renominated him on . Dalton's nomination was pending before the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary, which held a hearing on his nomination on March 2, 2011. Pursuant to an agreement of April 14, 2011, the Senate deemed his nomination confirmed by unanimous consent during executive proceedings that were held on May 2, 2011. He received his commission on May 3, 2011.
The Investiture.
On July 22, 2011 at 4:00 p.m., Dalton was sworn in as U.S. District Court Judge. The ceremony was held at George C. Young United States Courthouse at 401 West Central Blvd, Orlando, Florida. Honorable Anne C. Conway, Chief Judge Presided.

</doc>
<doc id="31207954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207954" title="Thomas Schomerus">
Thomas Schomerus

Thomas Schomerus (born 1957) is Professor of Public Law, in particular Energy- and Environmental Law, at Leuphana University Lueneburg, Germany. 
He studied law at the universities of Hamburg and Göttingen. Beside his work in several research projects he wrote his dissertation on “Deficits in Nature Protection Law”. After a career in public service for the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, in 1996 he became professor in Lueneburg. He is member of the Institute for Business Law and the Institute for Sustainability Governance. His fields of research are the law of renewable energies and energy efficiency, law of resource protection and waste law as well as freedom of information.

</doc>
<doc id="31207973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207973" title="Nicolai N. Petro">
Nicolai N. Petro

Nicolai N. Petro (born 1958) is an academic specializing in Russian Affairs, currently Professor of Political Science at the University of Rhode Island, in the United States. He also served as the US State Department's special assistant for policy on the Soviet Union under President George HW Bush.
Petro received a B.A "summa cum laude" in history in 1980, an M.A. in public administration in 1982 and a Ph.D in foreign affairs in 1984, all from the University of Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="31207974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207974" title="Singing Skylarks">
Singing Skylarks

Singing Skylarks - Music for a cause is a non-governmental organization (NGO) based in Bangalore, India. It was formed in 2006 by music enthusiasts working for different software firms in Bangalore. Initially, the members were primarily involved in producing music programs for television. Once the band started growing, attracting different artists and volunteers who wanted to contribute towards the society, the NGO increased in size and the team of engineers and musicians started working on different social projects. Projects include the sponsorship of education for Poor and Deserving Students of all standards, Empowering Government Schools, Counseling Students for Evils of Alcoholism, curbing Corruption and Planting trees in and around Bangalore as part of environmental "go green" initiatives. 
Singing Skylarks was founded by Venkatesan Subbunarayanan along with a bunch of musicians giving programs to raise funds for the charity. The group grew to around 50 members in 2008 and started counseling children addicted to alcohol and drugs. Article on the first project of Singing Skylarks Through word of mouth and articles, Singing Skylarks grew to 100 members in 2009 and started working as a full-time NGO. It was then registered as a non-profit trust on 22 December 2009 with a governing board composed of employees from various software companies.
Singing Skylarks is a 12-A Registered Organization, and all the donations are exempted from tax under Section 80G. Singing Skylarks is an FCRA approved organization.
Vision.
Singing Skylarks aims to make India a country free from illiteracy, poverty, child labor and corruption. Singing Skylarks members visit various villages and outskirts of cities to identify the children who need education and help children employed in hotels, shops, and other industries to get education. The team strongly believes that every child deserves equal education and proper education will lead the country free from poverty, child labor and corruption. The NGO has worked extensively on providing scholarship for deserving poor children, and aims to provide "education for all" in few years by setting up schools in cities, towns and villages and providing quality education at subsidized cost for poor and deserving children.
Mission.
The objectives of Singing Skylarks broadly include the following:
ACTIVITIES.
Anti-Smoking and Career Counseling.
Singing Skylarks undertook a project to counsel a child who was addicted to smoking and drinking at an early age. To get him to quit, the project included arranging regular visits of the child and parents to the National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences (NIMHANS) and counseling them on rehabilitation at the tobacco de-addiction center. The child showed rapid signs of recovery. Student Counseling
Equal Opportunity For Disabled Persons.
Singing Skylarks volunteers visited the Shrishti Special Academy in Bangalore in 2008 to provide counseling for the physically disabled children. Many volunteers from the group visit the NGO every year to provide support and guidance to the children there.
Education Sponsor Programs.
Singing Skylarks covers part of the education expenses for deserving students every year. As part of scholarships, the organization allocates 1-2 Lakhs INR towards this cause annually. The program started with education sponsorship of a poor girl Deepa, who lost her parents at a young age. The volunteers continued to counsel the girl related to her studies. The progress of the girl was reported periodically and monitored till the year 2010. She is currently employed in a Nationalized bank. Singing Skylarks strongly believes in the empowerment of women and sponsored the higher education of a female security guard in 2011. Her progress was tracked by one of the NGO's volunteers, she is now employed in an accounting firm in Bangalore. All the other students who have been sponsored till date are monitored continuously for progress and show cased to the donors and this program has been a phenomenal success.
Dance Classes in Government schools.
Singing Skylarks started a project to imparting dance knowledge to students in government schools on August 21, 2010. Not all government schools are able to teach dance or music, and even at those who do, many children cannot learn because of fees charged by teachers. A Singing Skylarks volunteer who has learned Bharatnatyam for about 10 years started the project and teaches to around 25 students in a government school near the Hebbal flyover in Bangalore.
Singing Skylarks Article on Bangalore CITY BUZZ Magazine
Better Living Conditions.
Singing Skylarks learned about a village named Kerethanda which is located in the North Karnataka region in Hospet town. The village lacked even basic amenities, and the school was poorly maintained and without basic materials. Around 20 volunteers from Singing Skylarks from software companies visited the village twice in 2010 to counsel the students and donate books and geometry boxes to the school. Singing Skylarks in Kerethanda Article in DNA newspaper The NGO has also arranged for employment for the youngsters as security guards in the Bangalore area.
Environmental Initiatives.
In 2010, Singing Skylarks learned about the problems existing in a lake in Bangalore near Bagmane Tech Park. 
With the help of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), the Motorola Foundation, and Bagmane Builders, Singing Skylarks completed beautification of the lake, including the installment of a fountain and the planting of about 100 saplings.
Projects in the year 2010.
Singing Skylarks was presented with the CEO Award for Volunteerism 2009 from the Motorola Foundation, which brought in a grant. The grant is used to sponsor education for children and mobile library projects.
Singing Skylarks Awarded CEO Volunteerism for 2010
Projects in the year 2011.
The education sponsorship worth 30000 INR is done until 2011. Two students from the KR Puram area studying in a government school and two students studying in a government school in the Karur area of Tamil Nadu have benefited so far. Singing Skylarks volunteers Zakir and Karthikeyan are spearheading the efforts and will monitor the progress periodically. Along the same lines, a sponsorship of 6000 INR was used during 2011 for the education related activities and higher studies of girl child and women.
Education Sponsor Program details
Projects in the year 2012.
Mobile Library 
Singing Skylarks as an NGO, has set up Library for 10 Government schools till date in Bangalore East area.
Volunteers of the organization with the help of software organizations has gathered close to 4000 books till date benefiting around 2000 students in this area.
All the government schools identified had no Library or Library with least books which were not used much by the students. The program is having a great impact on the students since the volunteers keep visiting each of the schools identified in round robin basis, set up an effective library system and trained the teachers and students to start using the library in an effective manner to gain skills on various subjects such as Maths, Science, Social studies and General Knowledge.
Projects in the year 2013.
Singing Skylarks has planned to execute and extend the various activities (Mobile Library and Education Sponsorship)
Promoting Music and Arts.
Singing Skylarks works towards promoting classical music and dance amongst young students and conducts concerts and dance programs every year through Jaagrithi awareness events. Funds raised through the program go towards Education cause.
Follow us through Facebook.
http://www.facebook.com/SingingSkylarksCharitableTrust

</doc>
<doc id="31207975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207975" title="Puzha Magazine">
Puzha Magazine

Puzha.com is the first Malayalam online magazine, founded in 2000, by Thomas Theakanath, Jeo Kurian, Harish Pillai, Shaji Thomas and KS James, that features original short-fiction, poetry, reviews, interviews and columns and it has since become the leading outlet for emerging writers in Malayalam language. Puzha.com is also credited with making little magazines across Kerala available to a wider audience and archiving of local (traditional and to some extent tribal) knowledge base and folklore of Kerala. In 2007, Puzha.com received the prestigious Manthan Award for its dedication to the advancement of Malayalam literature, development of language tools and archiving and preservation of local knowledge base and folklore of Kerala.
Overview.
Since its inception, Puzha.com provided a publishing platform for emerging Malayalam writers. The original works of short-fiction,novels, poetry, reviews and other articles were sourced and edited at the Aluva office and published on a daily basis. However, a lot of leading Malayalam writers also regularly contribute the Magazine.
Little magazines.
Puzha currently hosts the following little magazines. Each of these magazines are published and circulated in a local region and Puzha.com ensures its reach to a wider audience. Puzha.com does not edit or sensor the contents of the mini magazines and all word processing, proof reading and hosting expenses are done free. Also, the original publisher of the magazine holds all the rights on the electronic/print content.
Gulf Malayalam.
A Magazine published from Jizan, Saudi Arabia.
Sayahna Kairali literary magazine.
Published from Kaloor, Kochi 
Awards and citations.
Puzha.com was awarded the prestigious Manthan South Asia prize. Citation from the award committee:
"Puzha.com is more than a home away from home for the Malayalees living outside Kerala. The initiative not only entertains, but is aware of its responsibility of preserving all that is gold for the future generations to carry forward the human zeal for excellence.
Its Classics channel publishes ancient Malayalam classics and works of prominent writers of yore. Kerala has a thriving culture of little magazines. puzha.com helps publishers of those little magazines to go online by letting them having a dedicated channel for their magazine. The Kids channel is a great source of kids stories and poems for Malayalees around the world who want to read stories to their children in Malayalam.
Innovation pays. Puzha developed its own language tools to facilitate the web site production and some of those tools like Chowara text editor and a Malayalam font are freely downloadable, which are popular with Malayalees. The Malayalam font Chowara is the first Malayalam font that is compatible with typewriter keyboard and that made it very easy to be used in large scale Malayalam text processing."

</doc>
<doc id="31207977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207977" title="Veronica Olivier">
Veronica Olivier

Veronica Olivier (born February 1, 1990) is an Italian actress and television personality.
Career.
Olivier first became well known for her starring role in the 2009 Italian film "Amore 14". In 2010 she participated in the sixth season of "Ballando con le stelle", the Italian version of "Dancing with the Stars." Paired with Raimondo Todaro, Olivier won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31207997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31207997" title="List of mayors of Terre Haute, Indiana">
List of mayors of Terre Haute, Indiana

The Mayor is the highest elected official in Terre Haute, Indiana.
Mayors of Terre Haute, Indiana.
"On Feb. 9, 1843, the office of Mayor was abolished by a special act of the Legislature... Under the new constitution of the State of Indiana, a General Law was approved on June 18, 1852, providing for the incorporation of cities." 

</doc>
<doc id="31208022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208022" title="Mark R. Hornak">
Mark R. Hornak

Mark Raymond Hornak (born 1956) is an American lawyer and judge who serves on the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
Early life and education.
Born in Homestead, Pennsylvania, Hornak earned a bachelor's degree in 1978 from the University of Pittsburgh and a law degree in 1981 from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law.
From 1981 until 1982, Hornak served as a law clerk to Judge James Marshall Sprouse of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, in Charleston, West Virginia.
Professional career.
From 1982 until 1988, Hornak served as an associate at the Pittsburgh law firm Buchanan, Ingersoll & Rooney. From 1988 until his federal judicial confirmation, he has been a partner with the firm, specializing in civil litigation, labor and employment law, media defense and governmental representation. For 15 years, he also was solicitor of the Sports & Exhibition Authority of Pittsburgh and Allegheny County.
Nomination to federal district court.
On December 1, 2010, President Obama nominated Hornak to fill a judicial vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania that had been created by the transition to senior status in November 2010 by Judge Donetta W. Ambrose. 
The United States Senate confirmed Hornak in a voice vote on October 19, 2011. He received his commission that same day.
Personal.
Hornak has been married since about 1981. He has five children.

</doc>
<doc id="31208035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208035" title="GJC">
GJC

GJC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31208082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208082" title="GJR">
GJR

GJR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31208101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208101" title="Birthday present">
Birthday present

Birthday present may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31208103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208103" title="The Tales of Bearsworth Manor">
The Tales of Bearsworth Manor

The Tales of Bearsworth Manor, or Kumanage in Japanese, is a video game developed and published by Square Enix and released for the Wii's WiiWare service. The game was released in two parts; "Tales of Bearsworth Manor: Puzzling Pages", and "Tales of Bearsworth Manor: Chaotic Conflicts". Both games have the player use the Wiimote controller to toss paper bears onto a board, with "Chaotic Conflicts" focusing on a tower defense gameplay and "Puzzling Pages" using puzzle elements. A different title of the same series was also released on DSiWare.
Gameplay.
In "Puzzling Pages", players use the Wii Remote to throw paper bears into the picture book on the screen to manipulate the on screen environment and combat enemies in order to gather all the red candies. In "Chaotic Conflicts", players use the Wiimote to throw paper bears and protect your blue gem in a tower defense-style game. In "Puzzling Pages", the player uses similar mechanics, but with a more puzzle-oriented approach. Players must blow up boxes with bombs, land their bears on see-saws, and activate switches in order to collect the red candies. "Puzzling Pages" features 30 levels.
Plot.
In a crumbling mansion, a young girl named Pina's picture book comes to life. In "Chaotic Conflicts", players defend the blue gems from Kina, a boy who lives in the mansion.
Reception.
IGN reviewed both games and gave them a 5.5, or "Mediocre", calling the graphical style "sensational", but panning both games imprecise controls, short game play time, and excessive price for the games and their downloadable content. Nintendo Life was complimentary of "Puzzling Pages", calling it a "creative storybook adventure" wrapped around a simple game and awarding it 8 of 10, while "Edge" magazine gave it a 4, saying that "its concept feels almost thrown together". Nintendo Life also gave "Chaotic Chronicles" an 8 of 10, praising the "silly theme and intense gameplay mechanics", but "Edge" gave it a 3, claiming that the poor controls left the game almost unplayable.

</doc>
<doc id="31208113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208113" title="William B. Rice">
William B. Rice

William Ball Rice (1840–1909) was an American industrialist who co-founded Rice & Hutchins, a shoe manufacturing company with main offices in Boston, Massachusetts. He served as president of the company from its founding in 1866 until his death.
Early life and military service.
William Ball Rice was born 1 April 1840 in Hudson, Massachusetts to Obed Rice (1810-1890) and Sarah Maria (Ball) Rice (1816-1895). Rice was educated in the public schools in Massachusetts and apprenticed as a shoemaker in Marlborough, Massachusetts until he reached 21 years of age. Rice married Emma Louise Cunningham of Marlborough on 25 October 1860, and they had four children. From 1861 to 1864 he served in the Union Army as a second lieutenant in Company E, 5th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry Regiment, serving in Baltimore, Washington D.C. and North Carolina. Between 1865 and 1866, he served as a sales agent to the U.S. military for the L.T. Jefts shoe manufacturer in Marlborough.
Business career.
In October, 1866 Rice and his partner and neighbor from Hudson, Massachusetts Horatio H. Hutchins began the Rice and Hutchins Shoe Company with sales offices in Boston, Massachusetts and a factory in Marlborough, Massachusetts. By the time of the company's founding, Marlborough had built a reputation in shoe and boot making to supply the Union Army during the American Civil War. In the first twenty years of the company, Rice and Hutchins established shoe factories in Warren, Maine and Rockland, Massachusetts, four factories in Marlboro, Massachusetts, a factory in Boston, and their first wholesale distribution warehouse outside New England in Philadelphia. After Hutchins retired from the company in 1885, Rice led the further expansion of the company by adding more factories in Quincy, Braintree, and Yonkers, New York. He also expanded the distribution capability of the company by opening wholesale houses in St. Louis, Cincinnati, Atlanta, and Chicago. He also was responsible for developing international sales by establishing offices in London, Berlin, and Manila. He led the initial incorporation of the company in 1892 under the laws of New Jersey, and later the reorganization and incorporation of the company in Maine in 1905. At the time of Rice's death on 21 May 1909, the company was among the largest shoe manufacturers in the United States.
During his career Rice was engaged in a number of civic and philanthropic pursuits. In 1894, Governor Frederic T. Greenhalge appointed him to the governor's council of business advisers and he was a major benefactor of the Quincy City Hospital. When Rice's wife, Mrs. Emma Louise Rice died in 1934 she left the family home and grounds at 275 Adams St. in Quincy to the William B. Rice Eventide Home, a non-profit, nursing home corporation.
The Rice family and genealogy.
William B. Rice had four children. His eldest sons Harry Lee Rice and Fred Ball Rice ran the family shoe manufacturing business after his death until they retired and sold the business in 1929. Harry Rice was born 28 July 1862 in Hudson MA, and was married to Frances Austin Manson in 1900. They had three children: William Ball Rice II (1901-1964), Benjamin Manson Rice (1902-1978), and Edmund Rice (1905-1961). Harry Rice died 5 March 1951 in Quincy MA. Fred B. Rice was born 14 July 1866 in Hudson MA, and was unmarried. He died 11 Feb 1933 at the family home in Quincy MA. Rice's third son William Ball Rice, Jr. died in infancy in 1872. His daughter Mary Sanborn Rice was born 12 February 1874 in Quincy, MA and was married to portrait painter Homer Lane Bigelow (1868-1955) in 1896. They resided at 37 Old Orchard Road in the Chestnut Hill section of Newton, MA and had three children Priscilla Rice (Bigelow) Trainer (b. 1898), Homer Lane Bigelow, Jr. (1899-1967), and Malcolm R. Bigelow (1906-1945). 
William Ball Rice was a direct descendant of Edmund Rice, an English immigrant to Massachusetts Bay Colony, as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31208120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208120" title="Sam Waley-Cohen">
Sam Waley-Cohen

Sam Bernard Waley-Cohen (born 15 April 1982) is an English National Hunt amateur jockey and businessman.
Personal life.
Waley-Cohen is the son of Felicity Ann (Samuel) and businessman, racehorse breeder and trainer Robert Waley-Cohen, nephew of the theatre owner and producer Sir Stephen Waley-Cohen Bt. and grandson of Lord Mayor of London, Bernard Waley-Cohen. His maternal grandfather was Marcus Samuel, 3rd Viscount Bearsted the founder of Shell Oil.
Waley-Cohen married Annabel Ballin in 2012.
Horse racing.
Waley-Cohen was reported in the sports' pages in 2007 when he came 5th on his father's horse "Liberthine" in the Grand National. He won the delayed 2010 King George VI Chase in January 2011 on Long Run, preventing Kauto Star from winning the race for a record fifth consecutive year.
In 2011, Sam Waley-Cohen also won the Cheltenham Gold Cup chase on his father's horse "Long Run". He is the first amateur jockey in 30 years to win the race. In the 2012 and 2013 runnings they finished third to Synchronised and Bobs Worth respectively.'
Over the Grand National course he has an enviable record. He came second in the 2011 Grand National on "Oscar Time".
Business interests.
He started his career at Louis Dreyfus Trading Ltd in London - spending time with the successful sugar trading division. Waley-Cohen has also built up the Portman Healthcare chain of dental practices since he started the business in 2009. By March 2011 the business had grown to eight dental practices employing 170 staff and by 2013 it has grown to 15 dental practices. His business activities saw him nomianted as Spears young entrepreneur of the year in 2011 
Charity links.
Waley-Cohen is a Celebrity Ambassador for The Bone Cancer Research Trust (BCRT) and was famously pictured with Katherine Middleton at the Roller Disco he organised to raise money for a ward in memory of his brother. He is also a trustee of the injured jockey fund, and founder of the TAWC Fund. 

</doc>
<doc id="31208154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208154" title="Swami Ayyappan (1975 film)">
Swami Ayyappan (1975 film)

Swami Ayyappan (, ) is a 1975 Indian bilingual film. Directed and produced by P. Subramaniam, the film was simultaneously shot in Malayalam and Tamil. It stars Gemini Ganesan, Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair, Master Raghu/Karan, K. Balaji, Sekhar, Srividya, Unnimary, Lakshmi, Raghavan, Rani Chandra and Vinodini. The film met with critical acclaim and became a box office superhit. It won four Kerala State Film Awards.
Home Entertainment.
DVD Released by Modern Cinema

</doc>
<doc id="31208157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208157" title="Chuja">
Chuja

Chuja may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31208161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208161" title="Lal Kitab">
Lal Kitab

Lal Kitab (Hindi: लाल किताब, Urdu: , literally Red Book) is a set of five Urdu language books on Hindu astrology and palmistry, written in the 19th century, based on the "Samudrika Shastra".
Poetic verses with philosophy and hidden nuances form the core "farmanns" or "upaya" (remedy recommended) of the book.
It is believed to have Persian origins and has led to field of remedial astrology known as "Lal Kitab remedies", that is simple remedies for various planetary afflictions in the horoscope or birth chart, which have over the years become part of the folk traditions of the region, that includes North India and Pakistan.
Authorship.
Although, the author of the original verses is unknown or a matter of debate, however, Pandit Roop Chand Joshi of Punjab, who authored the presently available version during the years 1939 to 1952 in five volumes, is regarded as the master of this science. Some regard him also as originator of this book or this branch of vedic astrological science while others believe the original writer preferred to remain anonymous.
According to some believers Ravana is considered to be the original author of Lal Kitab. They say that when Ravana lost power due to arrogance, he also lost possession of Lal Kitab which later surfaced in a place called Aaad in Arabia, where it got translated into Urdu and Persian.
Some people believe it to be part of Arabian and Islamic culture and believe it to have Persian origins, many call it "The Red Book of Persia" but most acclaimed followers and researchers attribute it to be a book on branch of jyotisha, as the book follows the planetary positions and names of Navagraha used by Vedic people to give predictions and remedies.
Volumes.
The names of the five set of books authored by Pt. Roop Chand Joshi, together called Lal Kitab with their years of publication, are as follows.
A copy of first book published in 1939 is preserved in the Lahore Museum. —
Contents.
Lal Kitab is unique in field of vedic astrology because for the first time a book explained how certain planetary positions in one's horoscope should also reflect in the lines of his palm. In other word the book is on astro-palmistry, that is, it has mixed the two different arts of Palmistry and Jyotisha a.k.a. Hindu astrology together.
The books were published in red hard-cover. In Hindi and Urdu languages "Lal" means the color red and "Kitab" means a book. Further, in India traditionally, business ledger books are bound in red color. Also red color in Hindu religion is considered to be very auspicious and as symbol of Ganesha and Lakshmi. The red kum-kum is essential in all auspicious occasion and Hindu religious rites. The Lal Kitab volumes were also given a red binding because these books contain "duniyavi hisaab kitaab" ( the ledger book of one’s life). In fact, Lal Kitab mandates in very clear terms, that any book dealing with this system must be bound in non-shining, red color.
For the first time in the history of astrology, Lal Kitab introduced a new style of horoscope analysis with quick and affordable remedies, which were devoid of remedies like pooja and wearing of gemstones, generally recommended by other branches of Vedic astrology and Jyotisha.
In present days, there are many followers of Lal Kitab. In India and abroad one can find many practitioners of Lal Kitab, prescribing remedies as per "farmanns" of these books. There are many people, who claim to have benefited from the remedies of these books. The mass followers of Lal Kitab are increasing everyday and this science has become very popular in present days throughout different parts of world.
Cultural influences.
The book has been popular in both Indian and Pakistan, many of its astrological remedies "upaya" or "farmans" have become part of every day culture in the subcontinent, like throwing coins into a river while passing over it, feeding grass to cow, bread to a dog and offering meals to unmarried girls etc. Some of its farmans have become proverbs, in languages as diverse as Multani language.

</doc>
<doc id="31208175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208175" title="1H">
1H

1H or 1-H may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31208186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208186" title="John Clyde Oswald">
John Clyde Oswald

John Clyde Oswald (1872 - June 22, 1938) was an author, president of the National Arts Club, and the editor of American Printer magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31208200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208200" title="2-3-4">
2-3-4

2-3-4 is an album by American jazz drummer Shelly Manne featuring performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label. 
Background.
"2-3-4" was not a typical album for Manne. Then associated primarily with West Coast jazz, on February 5, 1962, he flew from Los Angeles to New York City by arrangement with producer Bob Thiele, to be reunited with pioneering tenor saxophonist Coleman Hawkins and pianist Hank Jones, with both of whom he had recorded at different times in the 1940s. In an unusual session lasting through the wee hours of the morning, he ended by recording one tune as a duet with Hawkins, who for the first time in his career was recorded also playing the piano. 
The album also includes a second recording session at the same studio a few days later. Bassist George Duvivier stayed on with Manne, and they were joined by rising star Eddie Costa for two trio tracks. "The Sicks of Us" has Costa on vibes for "a largely spontaneous trio number"; on "Lean on Me", Costa switches to piano.
The name of the album is derived from its inclusion of a duet ("2"), two trio performances ("3"), and three tunes played by a quartet ("4"). Unusually, the standards "Take the "A" Train" and "Cherokee" were played in two tempos simultaneously, with Manne playing in double time consistently throughout "Cherokee".
A fourth tune recorded by the quartet at the first session, "Avalon", was released at first only in the Impulse! collection "The Definitive Jazz Scene, Volume 1". Some thirty years later, it was included on the first CD reissue of "2-3-4" as a bonus track.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album four stars, calling it "a very interesting set with more than its share of surprises". 

</doc>
<doc id="31208243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208243" title="Linderman effect">
Linderman effect

The Linderman effect is a direct statistical correlation between the effect of a third party acting on multivariable data versus the mean difference of the standard deviation from known reference values. It is assumed that the linderman effect, acting independently, does not cause noticeable changes to the standard deviation. The Linderman Effect occurs mainly in groups of two or three individuals working within a high stress environment. It has been noted from preliminary tests, that the Linderman Effect mainly occurs in academic fields such as chemistry, biology, and physics. The linderman effect has not yet been studied in other high stress environments such as a rescue worker or a person in the medical profession. 
The Linderman effect was originally studied during the fall of 2009. The study was performed at universities across the upper-midwest of the US. To test the variability of the Linderman effect, two to three students were placed in groups and were assigned laboratory tasks associated with sophomore level science majors. The first test involved the process of making twelve dilutions from 120ppm solutions of acetaminophen, aspirin, and caffeine. The solutions were then tested using diode-array spectroscopy to determine the exact concentration of each dilution. The second test involved a general physics based laboratory exercise. The students were required to induce a current on a pre-assembled apparatus, and study the relative effects of a varying current and voltage on the relative distance between two wires. The force between wires induced in this experiment was compared to literature values. The third experiment focused on the preparation of diactylferrocene in organic synthesis labs. The preparation requires exact additions of each reagent, and can be considered a high stress organic synthesis for students. The solution obtained from the third experiment was analyzed using IR spectroscopy, and a percent yield was determined. The Linderman effect was introduced to one group in each study. The relative proximity of each group, from the test group was recorded, and their final lab data values were obtained and graphed. 
Results
The relative median score out of 100 possible points for each experiment for the test group was determined to be 68. 100 points came from three main factors, 50 points from the grade the professor provided for the lab, 10 points if the group completed the task within the scheduled time, 10 points if the group obtained reasonable data, 20 points if the group completed with lab with a final value within a +-10% of the median of the class average, and 10 points if the group worked well as a team. Assigning one group as the test group, a relative decrease in the overall accuracy of the lab data was seen. The experimental data also indicated a downward trend in the overall yields of groups within two-three stations away from the test group in each case. The standard deviation for each of the experiments was calculated and compared to the "norm" standard deviation for each of the classrooms. The standard deviation values are listed in table 1. 
The standard deviation values listed in table 1 are the average values obtained for each of the trials. With a sample of 10 trials selected for both the test group and the standard group, it can be assumed that the values obtained by the test group far surpass the values for the standard group. Not pictured here are the values obtained for groups within a general radius of three lab groups. The style of room for test 2 hindered a relative proximity of 15 ft to be relatively clear of all other students, leaving groups with much space. The Linderman effect could only be applied to the individual group's data in comparison to the norm. Table 2 represents the data obtained for 1 group distance (5 ft), 2 distances (10 ft), and 3 distances (15 ft). 
Conclusion
At this time, it is assumed that the Linderman effect can be verifiably induced in a student during a stressful situation, and can cause the relative accuracy and precision of the student's work to decrease. The link between the Linderman effect and irrationality can be closely tied. As the stress level in the working environment increases, the focus of the topic at hand must become primary. If the student is distracted by the idea of a third party, and not necessarily a third party in person, the student is most likely to concentrate less on the data and more on their own personal selves. The possible situations where the Linderman effect has yet to be studied, such as in a test taking scenario, or in a high stress job, need to be studied to examine the full effect of the "third party". Test anxiety and other mental disorders may be linked with and may be associated to the Linderman effect. The full effects of the Linderman effect are still being studied today. This website will be updated with new information as new studies and surveys are completed.

</doc>
<doc id="31208244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208244" title="McLaren Lake Regional Park, Saskatchewan">
McLaren Lake Regional Park, Saskatchewan

McLaren Lake Regional Park is located in the southwest part of the Province of Saskatchewan, near the villages of Richmound and Golden Prairie, SK and Schuler, AB. The lake is approximately 2 km long and 0.5 km wide with the park area located on the east end. The lake has been stocked with rainbow trout over the last number of years and five wind powered aeration systems have been installed to oxygenate the lake during the winter months. The regional park, open from May 1 to September 15, has powered and unpowered campsites, firepits, sewage disposal, a concession stand, camp kitchen, playground, showers, flush toilets, ball diamond, horseshoe pits, dock and beach area.

</doc>
<doc id="31208256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208256" title="SabreDAV">
SabreDAV

SabreDAV is an open source WebDAV server, developed by fruux built in PHP. It is an implementation of the WebDAV protocol (with extensions for CalDAV and CardDAV), providing a native PHP server implementation which operates on Apache 2 and Nginx web servers.
Compatibility.
SabreDAV requires PHP version 5.4.1.

</doc>
<doc id="31208258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208258" title="Doctor Zhivago (musical)">
Doctor Zhivago (musical)

Doctor Zhivago – A New Musical is a 2011 musical composed by Lucy Simon, lyrics by Michael Korie and Amy Powers, book by Michael Weller; it is based on Boris Pasternak's 1957 novel "Doctor Zhivago".
Production.
It originally premiered as "Zhivago" at the La Jolla Playhouse in 2006 where Ivan Hernandez played the title role. It was revised and premiered as "Doctor Zhivago – A New Musical" at the Lyric Theatre, Sydney on 19 February 2011 with Anthony Warlow as Yuri Zhivago, Lucy Maunder as Lara, Taneel Van Zyl as Tonia and Martin Crewes as Pasha. The production was directed by Des McAnuff. The show received glowing reviews. "Doctor Zhivago – A New Musical" ran from 19 February until 3 April 2011 in Sydney before travelling to Melbourne in April until 29 May. From there it was set down for a limited run in Brisbane from 6 July to 31 July but the musical proved so popular with Brisbane audiences, the Queensland season was extended a further two weeks, with the final performance held on 14 August.
Composer Lucy Simon has stated she always had Anthony Warlow in mind for the role of Yuri, after seeing him as Archibald Craven in the 1995 Australian production of her first musical, "The Secret Garden".
Roles and original cast.
The cast for the Australian premiere of "Doctor Zhivago – A New Musical" at the Lyric Theatre in Sydney:
Musical numbers.
Act I
Act II
Recordings.
An Australian cast album was planned but not released in 2011, however two songs by Maunder and Warlow eventuated and are now able to be viewed on YouTube:

</doc>
<doc id="31208296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208296" title="Radical egalitarianism">
Radical egalitarianism

Radical Egalitarianism is a political theory associated with the ideas of optimistic tendencies, the suggestions that Americans must work in a multiracial society, and that citizens must use activism and social reform within the current institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="31208310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208310" title="Castore e Polluce">
Castore e Polluce

Castore e Polluce ("Castor and Pollux") is an "opera seria" by Francesco Bianchi. The libretto was one translated by Carlo Innocenzo Frugoni, from Pierre-Joseph-Justin Bernard's French text for Rameau's "Castor et Pollux".
The opera was extravagantly in the French style. As Marita P. McClymonds explains, "Castore contains all the elements that had been purged from Italian serious opera before the turn of the century: gods appearing in machines, miraculous scene changes, arias without exit, much use of chorus, and an infernal scene in the underworld with dancing." 
Performance history.
The opera was first performed in four acts at the Teatro della Pergola in Florence on 10 January 1779. It was revised for a three-act version for the same theatre on 8 September 1779.
Synopsis.
The immortal Polluce wishes to change places with his mortal (and dead) brother, Castore, so that the latter can rejoin his lover Telaira. This causes many complications, not least with Telaira's sister (and Polluce's lover) Febe. Giove ultimately reunites Polluce, Castore and Telaira in heaven.

</doc>
<doc id="31208319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208319" title="Francisco Contreras">
Francisco Contreras

Francisco Contreras (born March 21, 1984 in La Romana, Dominican Republic) is an undefeated Dominican professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is the WBC CABOFE Light Welterweight Champion. Francisco is trained by former IBF Super Featherweight Champion Roberto Garcia.
Early life.
Contreras was raised in a poor family, he first entered a boxing gym at the age of five. His father Bonifacio was also a boxer and even had two brothers who were also boxers.
Amateur career.
Francisco was a member of the Dominican National Team and ended his amateur career with a record of 350-14.
Pro career.
In September 2008, Contreras beat José Herley Zúñiga Montaño to win the WBC CABOFE Light Welterweight Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31208325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208325" title="List of awards received by Sarah Brightman">
List of awards received by Sarah Brightman

This page includes a list of Sarah Brightman's Awards and Certifications.

</doc>
<doc id="31208372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208372" title="Potok, Straža">
Potok, Straža

Potok is a settlement on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Straža in the historical region of Lower Carniola of Slovenia. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Potok" to "Potok pri Gorenji Straži" in 1953. The name was changed back to "Potok" in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31208378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208378" title="Pedavalasa">
Pedavalasa

Pedavalasa is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
About Pedavalasa.
Pedavalasa(pdv) is 16 km from chintaPALLI. Pedavalasa is the ooty of visakhapatnam. It was the home of freedom fighter Alluri Sita Rama Raju.
village is covered with snow in winter and very cool too in summer.
There is a temple of shiva in pdv.
Geography.
Pedavalasa is located at 17.8667N 82.3500E. It has an average elevation of 839 meters (2755 feet).
Legislative assembly.
Pedavalasa is an assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh.
List of Elected Members:
Panchayats.
There are 17 panchayats in Pedavalasa mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="31208390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208390" title="Prapreče pri Straži">
Prapreče pri Straži

Prapreče pri Straži () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Straža in southeastern Slovenia. It lies just south of Potok. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Prapreče" to "Prapreče pri Gorenji Straži" in 1953. The name was changed again to "Prapreče pri Straži" in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31208407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208407" title="BPCS-Steganography">
BPCS-Steganography

BPCS-Steganography (Bit-Plane Complexity Segmentation Steganography) is a type of digital steganography. 
Digital steganography can hide confidential data (i.e. secret files) very securely by embedding them into some media data called "vessel data." The vessel data is also referred to as "carrier, cover, or dummy data". In BPCS-Steganography true color images (i.e., 24-bit color images) are mostly used for vessel data. The embedding operation in practice is to replace the "complex areas" on the bit planes of the vessel image with the confidential data. The most important aspect of BPCS-Steganography is that the embedding capacity is very large. In comparison to simple image based steganography which uses solely the least important bit of data, and thus (for a 24-bit color image) can only embed data equivalent to 1/8 of the total size, BPCS-Steganography uses multiple bit-planes, and so can embed a much higher amount of data, though this is dependent on the individual image. For a 'normal' image, roughly 50% of the data might be replaceable with secret data before image degradation becomes apparent.
Principle of embedding.
The Human visual system has such a special property that a too-complicated visual pattern can not be perceived as "shape-informative." For example, on a very flat beach shore every single square-foot area looks the same - it is just a sandy area, no shape is observed. However, if you look carefully, two same-looking areas are entirely different in their sand particle shapes. BPCS-Steganography makes use of this property. It replaces complex areas on the bit-planes of the vessel image with other complex data patterns (i.e., pieces of secret files). This replacing operation is called "embedding." No one can see any difference between the two vessel images of before and after the embedding operation.
An issue arises where the data to be embedded appears visually as simple information, if this simple information replaces the complex information in the original image it may create spurious 'real image information'. In this case the data is passed through a binary image conjugation transformation, in order to create a reciprocal complex representation.
Present status of research and development.
This form of steganography was proposed jointly by Eiji Kawaguchi and Richard O. Eason in 1998. Their experimental program (titled Qtech Hide & View) is freely available for educational purposes. Recently, many researchers are tackling its algorithm improvement and applications as well as resistibility studies against steganalysis.

</doc>
<doc id="31208443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208443" title="Reform Party (United States) presidential primaries, 2004">
Reform Party (United States) presidential primaries, 2004

For a time, it seemed as though industrialist Ted Weill, among the party's most widely respected members, would become the front-runner for the nomination. When he learned that Ralph Nader would also seek the party's nomination, he dropped out of the race and endorsed Nader's candidacy. He ultimately contributed thousands of dollars to Nader's political campaigns. During his acceptance speech at the 2004 Reform Party National Convention in 
Irving, Texas, Nader thanked Weill for his support.

</doc>
<doc id="31208456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208456" title="Harry Dowdall">
Harry Dowdall

Henry Arthur 'Harry' Dowdall (29 June 1872 – 1913) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the inaugural Victorian Football League (VFL) season. 
The son of James Dowdall and Isabella McGowan, Dowdall was small of stature and lightly built, and used these traits to his advantage, particularly in wet weather.
In Collingwood's final game of the 1897 season, Dowdall refused to play unless he was allowed to play on the ball for the entirety of the game. Although not pleasing Collingwood officials with his stance, he remained at the club for a further three seasons, playing 38 games and kicking 21 goals, before crossing to St Kilda in 1901, where he played a solitary game.

</doc>
<doc id="31208457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208457" title="James Faulkner (cricketer)">
James Faulkner (cricketer)

James Peter Faulkner (born 29 April 1990) is an Australian cricketer who plays for Tasmania. Faulkner an all-rounder, a left-arm medium pacer and a right-hand batsman, Faulkner has consistently picked up key wickets and also chips in with a few handy runs while batting in the lower-middle order. In the 2010–11 Sheffield Shield season he made 300 runs at 30 and took 36 wickets at 17.72. On 1 February 2012, Faulkner made his Twenty20 International debut for Australia against India.
In the same summer that he captained the Tasmania Under-17s, he was already in the state's U-19s and the Tasmania Second XI. Faulkner earned himself a state rookie contract for 2007-08, a place in the Australia U-19 team at the 2008 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup, and one of three positions in the Australian Cricket Academy's development squad for 2007.
He was part of the Pune Warriors India team in IPL 2011, and then a part for Kings XI Punjab in IPL 2012. However he has just played three IPL matches between IPL 2011 and IPL 2012. During the 2013 Indian Premier League (IPL) players auction, he was bought by the Rajasthan Royals for $400,000.
Faulkner was man of the match in the 2012–13 Sheffield Shield final, helping Tasmania secure its third title.
Faulkner was selected for the squad to tour England in 2013. He was selected for the fifth test. Australian selector John Inverarity described Faulkner as the sort of player who "gets things done", while captain Michael Clarke said that Faulkner could provide some toughness that Australian might have lacked in its previous tests.
Throughout 2013, Faulkner established himself as a regular member of Australia's One Day team. In the 3rd ODI against India, he hit 64 off 29 balls, including 30 runs off an Ishant Sharma over, to win the game for Australia. Faulkner hit his maiden ODI century against India on 2 November 2013 in Bengaluru. This is the fastest 100 by any Australian batsman, scored off 57 balls.
James Faulkner is the son of Peter Faulkner, who also played first-class cricket for Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="31208461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208461" title="Ruby for Lucy">
Ruby for Lucy

Ruby for Lucy is an indie folk duo from Sydney, Australia. The band, consisting of Julie Stenton and Katrina Borghetti, is currently signed to Half A Cow Records. Their debut album, Catching Bream, was released in 2010. Ruby for Lucy is best known for opening for acts such as Abby Dobson and Skipping Girl Vinegar as well as music festivals such as The National Folk Festival, Illawarra Folk Festival, Dorrigo Folk & Bluegrass Festival, Folk in Broke, Cobargo Folk Festival, Nannup Music Festival. The two have also performed on Channel 7’s, Sunrise.
Ruby for Lucy formed in June 2007 when the two met through an online music site. They found they lived around the corner from one another in Glebe, Sydney, and they have been writing music and performing ever since.
The band's debut album "Catching Bream" was released in 2010 to positive reviews. Rory McCartney of BMA Magazine says that the release "is as much a deep conversation between dear friends as a collection of songs. Whimsical tales explore the poetry that exists below the surface of everyday life, if only you bother to look".

</doc>
<doc id="31208470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208470" title="HNBAP">
HNBAP

HNBAP is a control protocol found in Home Node B networks on the Iu-h interface.
The Home Node B Application Part (HNBAP) protocol provides the following functions:
Standard.
The following 3GPP documents are available:
Architecture.
Between the HNB and the HNB-GW is a new interface known as Iu-h. 
Iu-h Interface - Residing between an HNB and HNB-GW, the Iu-h interface defines the security architecture used to provide a secure, scalable communications over the Internet. The Iu-h interface also defines an efficient, reliable method for transporting Iu-based traffic as well as a new protocol HNBAP for enabling highly scalable ad hoc HNB deployment.
Within an HNB Access Network there are three new network elements: the Home Node B (or femtocell), the Security Gateway (SeGW) and the Home Node B Gateway, or HNB-GW.
Home Node B (HNB) – Connected to an existing residential broadband service, an HNB provides 3G radio coverage for 3G handsets within a home. HNBs incorporate the capabilities of a standard Node B as well as the radio resource management functions of a standard Radio Network Controller RNC.
Security Gateway (SeGW) - Installed in an operator’s network, the Security Gateway establishes IPsec tunnels with HNBs using IKEv2 signaling for IPsec tunnel management. IPsec tunnels are responsible for delivering all voice, messaging and packet data services between HNB and the core network. The SeGW forwards traffic to HNB-GW.
HNB Gateway (HNB-GW) - Installed within an operator’s network, the HNB Gateway aggregates traffic from a large number of HNBs back into an existing core service network through the standard Iu-cs and Iu-ps interfaces.

</doc>
<doc id="31208502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208502" title="Trolleybuses in Huddersfield">
Trolleybuses in Huddersfield

Huddersfield.
The Huddersfield trolleybus system once served the market town of Huddersfield, in West Yorkshire, England. Opened on , it gradually replaced the Huddersfield tramway network, which closed on Saturday, 29 June 1940.
By the standards of the various now-defunct trolleybus systems in the United Kingdom, the Huddersfield system was a medium-sized one, with a total of 15 routes and a maximum fleet of 140 trolleybuses. It was closed on .
A notable feature of the system was the Longwood trolleybus turntable, which was one of only four such turntables ever to have been constructed in the UK. The turntable was manually operated, and was in use only in 1939–1940 until wartime conditions forced the introduction of other arrangements. However, it remained "in situ" until demolished in the 1980s.
Three of the former Huddersfield trolleybuses are now preserved, at the Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft, Lincolnshire.
History.
The first conversion was the Almondbury tramway. It was converted in sections with a temporary motor bus link as the road was resealed and electrified.
Six different 6-wheel buses were bought to trial on the route with Karrier, Ransomes and Sunbeam chassis and bodies by several builders. Most later buses were Karrier, though the local factory had closed.
The Almondbury route closed on 14 July 1965. The dates of the rest were:-
In 1958 Edgar Dyson became general manager. The council then agreed to a closure programme, ending with 5 crowded Outlane buses on 13 July 1968. Rates paid to the county council were among resons for early closure of the West Vale and Marsden routes. 

</doc>
<doc id="31208563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208563" title="Lake Mogan">
Lake Mogan

Lake Mogan (, also called Gölbaşı Gölü) is a small lake in Ankara Province, Turkey.
Geography.
The lake is south of the Ankara city center within the intracity district of Gölbaşı at about . The eastern shore lies along the highway which traverses Turkey from north to south. The altitude of the water surface with respect to sea level is about and the surface area of the lake is about . It has a circumferential length of 14 kilometers with a length of 11 km. and an average width of 500 meters. The average depth of the lake (in wet season) is about 5 meters.
Geology.
The lake is an alluvial set lake. The tributaries are rivulets with irregular flowrates. During the rainy seasons, the level increases beyond a certain level and the water is fed to the nearby Lake Eymir about to north east. According to a report cited by M. Bülent Varlık (ODTÜ’lüler Bülteni N.130 Belleten of Middle East Technical University), during the flood in 1910, Lake Mogan and Lake Eymir had been temporarily merged with.
Recreation area.
Lake Mogan has always been one of the picnic areas of Ankara. Along the shore there are many restaurants as well as camping and fishing points where the main game fish is crab. In 2001 the Metropolitan municipality of Ankara has established a recreation area named "Mogan Park" at the west shore of the lake. The total area of the park is where is reserved for the endangered waterfowl. The total length of the walking track in the area is 

</doc>
<doc id="31208569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208569" title="The Cadet (newspaper)">
The Cadet (newspaper)

The Cadet is the weekly student newspaper of the Virginia Military Institute. Started in the fall of 1907, "The Cadet" has been independently run by the VMI Corps of Cadets since its first issue, and continues to be done so to this day. The paper is published almost every week while the corps is at VMI. "The Cadet" did cease production for three years during World War II, however, it has been continuously published since then. There is a project currently underway to digitize every issue of "The Cadet", starting with the earliest known issue from 1907. The VMI Archives, operating out of VMI's Preston Library, will have the project completed by the end of 2011.
"The Cadet" focuses almost entirely on issues related to the Corps of Cadets and seldom runs articles about off-campus topics. Regular staples of the paper include; a "Cadet in Focus" feature in which a selected senior from the corps is interviewed and given a short biographical article, an editorials page that focuses on U.S. or Virginia politics and issues relating to the corps, a sports section that exclusively covers VMI NCAA sports, and a humor page. The humor page is featured on the back of the final page every week and is made up of content exclusively submitted by members of the VMI corps. 
Significant expansion in terms of staff, circulation and content, and reformatting are planned for the 2011-2012 cycle. There are also preliminary plans for an expanded weekly online version of the paper, although this will probably not be realized until late 2011 or early 2012. The current distribution of the paper is almost entirely exclusive to the corps, faculty, staff, and alumni of VMI. The paper plans on increasing circulation in the upcoming cycle by including more news stories from Lexington, Virginia and the surrounding areas of Rockbridge County.

</doc>
<doc id="31208578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208578" title="Marshall Campbell">
Marshall Campbell

Sir Marshall Campbell (1848–1917) was a Natal pioneer of the sugar industry and parliamentarian concerned with Bantu affairs.
The "Conquering Hero", a brig of 320 tons under Captain Cockburn, sailed from the Clyde (Glasgow/Greenock) with 127 settlers on 29 March 1850. Marshall Campbell landed in Durban on 28 June 1850 with his parents, William John and Agnes Campbell. They had come under the Byrne Settler scheme, which, between 1849 and 1851, brought some 2 500 English emigrants to Natal. 
Shortly after their arrival in Durban, Marshall's father was awarded a contract to construct the harbour's North Pier. This enabled him to buy land on the Umdhloti River, and develop his farm which he called "Muckleneuk", Scots for 'great bend'. The house was designed by Frank Fleming, one of Herbert Baker's partners. By the time he died in 1865 aged 44, he had become a prominent sugar cane planter and miller.
Marshall also turned to sugar cane farming and in 1895 founded "Natal Estates Limited", and two years later South Africa's first sugar refinery. He married Ellen Blamey, daughter of another sugar pioneer, in 1877 and settled at Mount Edgecombe, raising a family of four children. Being active in local business and politics, he became a member of the "Natal Legislative Council", later being appointed Senator for Natal. In 1915 he received a knighthood for services to the country. 
A Black township outside Durban is named Kwa Mashu, Zulu for 'the place of Marshall'. Of interest is that he played a part in 1892 in introducing rickshaws to Durban, a mode of transport that has become very popular with sight-seeing tourists.
Two of his children, Margaret ('Killie') and William, were instrumental in founding "The Killie Campbell Collection of Africana" housed at Muckleneuk.

</doc>
<doc id="31208609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208609" title="Hillsboro High School (Illinois)">
Hillsboro High School (Illinois)

Hillsboro High School (HHS) is a coed public high school located in Hillsboro, Illinois (Pop. 6,207 2010 Census) the county seat of Montgomery County, Illinois, in the United States. HHS is part of the [http://www.hillsboroschools.net// Hillsboro Community Unit School District 3. 
History.
In 1920, it was determined that the existing city high school on Fairground Ave. was no longer acceptable. After reorganizing the school's district, the decision was made to build a new school. The contract for the building designed by architect J. W. Kennedy was awarded on June 22, 1920 at a cost of about $250,000. The construction of the "new" Hillsboro High School was begun in 1920, and the school opened in the fall of 1921. 
Sitting atop a hill located at 522 East Tremont Street, the North-facing red brick building is surrounded by trees. Through the years, into at least the mid-1960s, the campus was often named as the most beautiful in Illinois. 
In 1938, the gymnasium, sited to the south of the main building was commissioned with financing for the project coming in part from Works Progress Administration (WPA)funds
The agriculture building was added in the 1950s to the east of the gym, and the library/cafeteria building opened in 1962 just southeast of the main building.
Academics.
In 2010, Hillsboro High school had an average Act score of 19.6 with a graduation rate of 95.4 percent of their Senior class (which is higher than the state average of 87.8 percent). Since 2010, the school has failed to meet federal education standards set by No Child Left Behind even though in some years the school exceeds some state-wide figures. The average class size is 19.6, which is smaller than the Illinois state average of 21.2.
College Prep
Hillsboro High has Advanced Placement programs in Calculus, Chemistry, English Literature/ Composition, and History . On the PSAE examination of 11th graders, Hillsboro scored in the 52nd percentile of Illinois schools with 49.1 percent of the students passing. This translates to a 26.4 percent college readiness score. / Tribune Report Card Retrieved September 20, 2011.</ref>
Departments & Programs.
"Source: 
HHS Departments (& Courses)
HHS Departments (cont.)
"'Cooperative Programs
Student organizations & activities.
Local Organizations
National Organizations
Interscholastic athletics & activities.
Hillsboro High School sponsors teams known as the Hilltoppers that compete as members of the Illinois High School Association and the South Central Conference. The team colors are orange and black and the school mascot is the Hilltopper (a mountaineer with a pick and coil of rope ). 
Boys sports
Girls sports
Activities
Football Archives 
Basketball archives
Fight song (To the tune of Illinois Loyalty)
We’re loyal to you HHS
We’re orange and black HHS
We’ll back you to stand, against the best in the land 
For we know you have sand HHS, yes yes
So crack out that ball HHS
We’re backing you all HHS
Our team is our fame protector
On boys for we expect a victory from you HHS, yes yes
Che Cha-Cha ha ha 
Che Cha-Cha ha ha 
Che Cha-Cha ha ha 
Hillsboro, Hillsboro, Hillsboro
Fling out that dear old flag of orange and black 
We are the sons and daughters fighting for you 
Like men of old on giants, placing reliance, shouting defiance,
Osk-kee-wa-wa!!
Amid those broad green fields that nourish our land, 
For honest labor and for learning we stand
And onto thee we pledge our hearts and hands.
Dear Alma Mater, HHS
More Statistics.
Statistics
Average teacher salary: $48,667
Average administration staff salary: $85,623
Dollars spent per student: $8,875
Operating expenditure for instruction: $7,229,297
Operating expenditure for supporting services: $4,499,483
Operating expenditure for administration: $459,950
Operating expenditure for other campus costs: $3,558,024
Limited English Proficient students: 0.2%
White students: 96.2%
Black students: 1.5%
Hispanic students: 1.7%
Asian students: 1.2%
Native American students: 0.0%
2 or more race students: 0.2%
Chronic truants: 30
Chronic truants rate: 5.8%
External links.
Hillsboro High website

</doc>
<doc id="31208630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208630" title="Khandaker Mosharraf Hossain (BNP)">
Khandaker Mosharraf Hossain (BNP)

Dr. Khandaker Mosharraf Hossain is a Bangladeshi geologist and politician.
Background and professional work.
Mosharraf Hossain obtained the Doctor of Philosophy degree in Geology in 1974 from University of London. He was the Chairman of the Department of Geology, University of Dhaka during the period from 1987 to 1991.
Public office.
Mosharraf Hossain has been a member of the Standing Committee of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (B.N.P.) since 1994. He was elected as a Member of the Jatiyo Sangshad from Comilla – 2 constituency in the national elections several times since 1991. Mosharraf Hossain was the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources and Home Affairs during 1991–1996. He was also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare during the preceding Four Party Alliance government. Mosharraf Hossain was the Chairman of the 56th World Health Assembly (WHA) in 2002. He was awarded with the ‘World No Tobacco Award’ by the World Health Organization during the 57th WHA for his contribution to the anti-tobacco campaign in Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="31208668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208668" title="J. N. Singh Yadav">
J. N. Singh Yadav

Dr. J. N. Singh Yadav (born 12 June 1937) is an Indian author from Bashir pur in the Mahendragarh district of the northern Indian state of Haryana. A graduate and master of arts in political science from Punjab University, he obtained his doctorate from Kurukshetra University.
Yadav has more than a quarter of a century's experience teaching post-graduate and under-graduate classes in various colleges in Haryana. He is also involved in various social reform movements and educational institutions and as a result took voluntary retirement in order to devote more time to research and social work.
Literary works.
Yadav is a prolific writer in both English and Hindi. His book "Lal Bahadur Shastri: A Biography", was judged one among the best fifty biographies written during the period 1947–1972 in India and selected from several thousand titles received by the National Book Trust for display at the National Exhibition of Books at the World Book Fair in March, 1972 in New Delhi. Yadav's "The Indian Speaker: Crisis of Identity" was well received and appreciated by the academic world. He has also edited "Haryana: Studies in History and Politics" and written books for under-graduate students, such as "Principles of Political Science", "Indian Constitution" and "Administration", amongst others. Yadav has also contributed a number of research papers and articles to various journals, periodicals and seminars.

</doc>
<doc id="31208672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208672" title="Litchfield High School (Illinois)">
Litchfield High School (Illinois)

Litchfield High School is a coed public high school located in Litchfield, Illinois in Montgomery County, Illinois, in the United States. LHS is a part of Litchfield Community Unit School District #12.
Student organizations & activities.
Local Organizations
National Organizations
Interscholastic athletics & activities.
Litchfield High School sponsors teams known as the Purple Panthers for boys and Lady Panthers for girls that compete as members of the Illinois High School Association and the South Central Conference. The team colors are purple and white and the school mascot is a purple panther. 
Boys sports
Girls sports
Activities

</doc>
<doc id="31208698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208698" title="Wendelstein Rack Railway">
Wendelstein Rack Railway

The Wendelstein Rack Railway (), sometimes just referred to as the Wendelstein Railway, is an electrically-driven metre gauge rack railway (with several adhesion sections) that runs up the Wendelstein in the Upper Bavarian Limestone Alps. Together with the Wendelstein Cable Car ("Wendelstein-Seilbahn") it is operated by the "Wendelsteinbahn GmbH". The mountain railway climbs through a total height of . The Wendelstein Railway is one of only four working rack railways in Germany, the others being the Bavarian Zugspitze Railway, the Drachenfels Railway and the Stuttgart Rack Railway.
Conception.
The construction of the Wendelstein Railway was the vision of privy councillor ("Geheimer Kommerzienrat"), Dr. h.c. Otto von Steinbeis, an industrialist, who was involved in forestry and agriculture in the alpine foreland as well as logging in Bosnia on a grand scale and built, in parallel with that, an extensive light railway ("Kleinbahn") network. In 1908 he published his plans and on 4 February 1910 Prince-Regent Luitpold signed the concession deed for the construction of the Wendelstein Rack Railway. 
The original long route, running from Brannenburg over the eastern flank of the mountain, has seven tunnels, eight galleries and twelve bridges. In order to keep services running even in winter a route along the steep rock faces of the Wildalpjoch and the Soin was chosen instead of the cheaper and easier route on the slopes of the Mitteralm and Reindleralm alpine meadows.
Construction.
Construction began on 29 March 1910 after a certain amount of opposition and various difficulties had been overcome. The cost of construction came to about three million gold marks, which was entirely borne by von Steinbeis.
Over the two years that the line took to build, around 800 workers were employed, predominantly from Croatia and Italy. The task was demanding. For the so-called "Hohe Mauer" ("High Wall") alone, a long, high embankment was built just before the mountain station, requiring of rock to be removed. A total of of explosive were used. 
The first train worked the line on 12 May 1912 and, on 25 May, the railways was formally opened. The Wendelstein Rack Railway is thus the oldest, working rack railway in Bavaria.
Operation.
The full journey on the original route took 75 minutes. In 1961, as a result of the growth in private car ownership, the section between Brannenburg station and the present valley station in the village of Waching was sacrificed because it crossed the federal road. At the same time the railway lost its connexion to the Deutsche Bundesbahn network. As a result the length of the line was reduced to and journey times to 55 minutes.
In the years that followed it became clear that the line could not be operated profitably. As a result, in 1970, the Wendelstein Cable Car was erected running from Bayrischzell-Osterhofen to the Wendelstein summit, with the intent that it would replace the rack railway in due course. The attraction of the rack railway for tourism was however recognised and it was kept going.
In 1987, with help from the Free State of Bavaria, the local parishes, the district of Rosenheim and the parent company of Lechwerke, the line was modernised at a cost of 17 million deutschmarks. On conclusion of the work in 1991 the capacity of the line increased by almost 100%. Journey times were reduced to 20 minutes uphill and 30 minutes downhill, thanks to two modern double railcars. The trains are able to operate every half an hour. Today 20 employees work on the rack railway, but it is still reliant on equalization payments.

</doc>
<doc id="31208718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208718" title="Alf Næsheim">
Alf Næsheim

Alf Gabriel Næsheim (born 18 February 1926) is a Norwegian painter and illustrator, mostly known for his architectural drawings from the city of Oslo, but also for being the first Norwegian artist that illustrated Donald Duck comicbook stories.
Næsheim was born and grew up in Stavanger. He moved to Oslo in 1945, where he was employed as an illustrator for the Aftenposten newspaper until retiring in 1995. He also illustrated the sports section of the Dagbladet newspaper between 1968 and 1981, as well as having shorter contracts with Stavanger Aftenblad and Jærbladet. He was educated at Statens håndverks- og kunstindustriskole in Oslo 1945-50, Académie de la Grande Chaumière in Paris 1947 and Goldsmith's College of Art in London 1951. His debut as a graphics artist was in 1948, and he held his first separate exhibition in 1985 at Hå old priestyard in 1985.
His father was the painter Sverre Næsheim (1900–76). Alf Gabriel is the brother of the illustrator Egil Torin Næsheim (born 1937) and the father of the artist Yngve Næsheim (born 1960).
Donald Duck-incident.
In the 1960s, he worked for an advertising agency, having contracted the "Hjemmet" weekly publishing company, whose editor Ernst Gervin asked Næsheim to write stories for the weekly comic "Donald Duck & Co" (Norwegian). Næsheim then created the "Vending machine mystery" (in Norwegian, "Automatmysteriet", Næsheims manuscript, November 1968) and "Manko i Regnskapet" (Gervins manuscript, January 1969). The copyrights were sold to the Danish Gutenberghus, and the stories were published in other Nordic countries as well as in Germany. Næsheim turned down the offer from Gutenberghus to become a regular writer, turning out around 20 stories a year.
Awards.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31208734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208734" title="Nokomis High School">
Nokomis High School

Nokomis High School is a coed public high school located in Nokomis, Illinois in Montgomery County serving Community Unit School District 22.
Student Organizations.
Local Organizations
National Organizations
Interscholastic athletics & activities.
Nokomis High School sponsors teams named the Redskins and Lady Redskins that compete as members of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA) and the Prairie State Conference:
Boys sports
Girls sports
Activities
The girls basketball team won the IHSA Class A State Championship in 1997-98 and repeated in 1998-99. Since winning their first Regional championship in 1988. the school has won 7 Regional, 2 Sectional, 2 Super-Sectional, and 2 State titles.
The boys basketball team has qualified for the IHSA State Finals five times, placing 2nd in 2007-08 an 3rd in 2012-13 in the Class 1A State Championships. Over the years since winning its first trophy in 1910, the school has won 4 District, 17 Regional, 5 Sectional, and 4 Super-Sectional titles.
The football team has qualified for the state playoffs 14 times since 1977-78, but has never advanced beyond the second round. They lost in the 2013 first round.
The baseball, softball, and volleyball teams have all won multiple regional titles through the years, but only the 1977 baseball team has advanced beyond the sectional tournament, with that 1977 team losing in the first round of the state tournament.
External links.
Nokomis High website

</doc>
<doc id="31208768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208768" title="Alexander Rofe">
Alexander Rofe

Alexander Rofé (born June 22, 1932) is Professor Emeritus of the Bible at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Curriculum vitae.
Alexander Rofé was born in Pisa, Italy in 1932. His father, Gersh Roifer was active in the Zionist movement and directed the maritime school of the Betar movement in Civitavecchia.His mother, Matilde Gallichi, taught classics at high school; she was descended from a family that had lived in Tuscany for generations. Before his death in August 1938, Gersh Roifer directed his wife to make Aliyah (immigration to the Land of Israel) with the children. In the fall of 1939 the family settled in the Land of Israel. Rofe' attended schools in various places in this country and graduated from the Ohel Shem high school in Ramat Gan. At the Hebrew University he studied Hebrew Bible and the History of Israel. His teachers in Bible were M.D. Cassuto, Y. Kaufmann, I.L. Seeligmann, S. Talmon, M. Weiss, M. Haran, S.E. Loewenstamm; in History of Israel – B. Mazar, A. Malamat, A. Shalit; in Assyriology – H. Tadmor, in Hebrew Language – N. H. Tur-Sinai, E.Y. Kutscher, Ben-Haim, S. Morag; in History of Religions – D. Flusser, R.J.Z. Werblowsky. Rofe' wrote his dissertation under the supervision of I.L. Seeligmann, obtaining his Ph.D. in 1970.
Since 1959, Rofé has taught in the following academic institutions: The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Haifa University, University of Pennsylvania (Philadelphia), Ben-Gurion University of the Negev (Beer Sheva), Yale University (New Haven, CT), Università degli Studi di Firenze (Italy), The Jewish Theological Seminary in New York, The Humanistic University in Moscow, Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati (Ohio), Pontificio Istituto Biblico (Rome, Italy), Studium Biblicum Franciscanum (Jerusalem), University of São Paulo (Brazil), Ariel University Center of Samaria, Facoltà Teologica di Sicilia (Palermo, Italy). In addition he offered guest lectures in the following universities: Rome, Pisa, Turin, The Catholic University in Milan, Venice, Catania (Sicily), Sorbon (Paris), Marburg, Goettingen, Tuebingen (Germany), Columbia (New York), Brandeis (Waltham, MA), Bloomington (Indiana).
Rofé taught at the Hebrew University for nearly forty years. He was promoted to full professorship in 1986 and retired in 2000. He had served twice as head of the Department of Bible. He co-edited the series of monographs Jerusalem Bible Studies between the years 1979-1986 and has been editor and coeditor of "Textus", Studies of the Hebrew University Bible Project, between the years 1995–2009.
Rofé married Esther Kessler in 1954. They have four children, grandchildren and great grandchildren.
Research.
Rofé has contributed to three fields of study in the Hebrew Bible: textual criticism, history of literature, and history of the Israelite religion. In his research he strives to integrate these fields, because each one of them is advanced by perceptions obtained in the other two.
1. His first book, The Israelite Belief in Angels (Ph.D. dissertation, 1969, Hebrew, published 1979 ) hypothesizes that the Hebrew belief in angels was an attempt at fitting ancient polytheistic traditions into the frame of a monotheistic faith. He suggests that the Hebrew term "the destroying angel" actually refers to the Canaanite god Reshep, and that the site of Bethel (which is Hebrew for "house of God") actually deals with a pagan god, who he claims is present in extra-biblical sources. This was one of the aspects of the ancient biblical angelology in pre-exilic times. He suggests that the Septuagint, in Gen 32: 2-3 and Deut 32: 8-9, 43, provides evidence of this possible change in Hebrew paradigms. If true, he claims that such a polytheistic origin of the belief in angels could explain why passages of Scripture attributed to D and P (two proposed partial content sources for the Pentateuch) silence all mentions of angels. Both Qoheleth and the Sadducees later developed an aversion to believing in angels; however, by that time, a full-fledged angelology was developing amidst apocalyptic circles.
2a. The Religion of Ancient Israel and the Text of the Hebrew Bible. Over the years, Rofé has dedicated quite a few articles to the question of how far the development of the Israelite religion affected the transmission of the Biblical text. In the wake of scholars such as A. Geiger and I.L. Seeligmann, Rofé suggested that textual corrections due to the following tenets may have taken place:
(1) the unification of worship in Jerusalem
(2) enhancing the observance of the Torah
(3) obliteration of the epithet SEBA'OT from God's name
(4) rejection of pillars as cultic objects
(5) negation of the possibility that God hates Israel
(6) deference to Israel's dignitaries and aversion to the wicked.
The study of these corrections contributes to understanding the beliefs of the scribes that transmitted the Biblical books in the first generations after their composition.
2b. Another aspect of textual criticism is its contact with the history of Biblical literature. Rofé emphasized that these two realms are interdependent. Thus he argued, on the basis of literary-stylistic considerations, that in Deuteronomy 5 the shorter text presented by the tefillin from Qumran should be preferred over against all other textual witnesses. In Joshua 20, arguments derived from higher criticism (i.e., the discipline that defines and dates sundry documents in the Biblical books) proved the superiority of the shorter text witnessed by the Septuagint. Contrariwise, in Judges 6 Rofé opines that the Massoretic Text (=MT) has the precedence while the Qumran manuscript 4QJudg erroneously skipped vss. 7-10; this too is inferred from the 19th century higher criticism that identified an ancient Elohistic redaction in the Book of Judges.
2c. In the study of the Biblical text there are no rigid rules. Rofé maintains that the scribes who first copied the inherited works were rather sophisticated. At times, indeed, they piled additions upon their texts, but otherwise they abridged their documents on literary or ideological grounds. In the story of David and Goliath (1 Samuel 17), there are linguistic and literary arguments for the precedence of the MT over against the shorter one represented by the Septuagint (=LXX). In the book of Jeremiah the situation is more complex: sometimes the shorter text, represented by the LXX, can be considered as a kind of 'first edition', but more often the shorter text derived from editorial interventions of late scribes, who operated according to their literary and theological conceptions. On these issues Rofé differed from the views of his colleague Emanuel Tov.
2d. The study of theological views in the Bible led Rofé to the identification of secondary, midrashic elements in the textual witnesses of the Hebrew Bible. These elements are evident in short glosses, appended to Exodus 2: 3 in a Qumran scroll, 1 Kings 22:28 in the MT and Ruth 4: 11 in the LXX. But in addition Rofé pointed out midrashic elaborations that affected a whole biblical book. This is the case of the Qumran scroll 4Q51, usually designated as 4QSama. Rofé highlighted the various midrashic elements in this manuscript and thereby inferred that one should not define this scroll as representing the book of Samuel; rather it is an ancient Midrash Samuel. Here Rofé differed with F.M. Cross and his students from the Harvard School.
3.The Documentary Hypothesis and the Composition of the Pentateuch. A study of the religious thought in the Torah entails taking a stand vis-à-vis the Documentary Hypothesis. This happened to Rofé in his study of the belief in angels. In his opinion, there is no reason to contest the existence of the major documents in the Pentateuch – D, produced by the Deuteronomic writers, and P, created in the Priestly school. However, the bulk of the narrative material cannot be subdivided as usual between the four putative documents, J, E, D, P. An instructive case in point is the story of Balaam in Numbers 22: 2 – 24: 25. He proposed that the story was not composed by the fusion of the accounts of the documents J and E. Rather, he claims that the story of Balaam was based on a legend that grew up gradually and organically. He hypothesized that the speeches of Numbers 24 which presented Balaam as one "who knows the knowledge of the Most High" actually were written first, and the incident involving an angel, Balaam, and his donkey (Numbers 22: 22-35) came later. Also, a study of the Betrothal of Rebekkah (Genesis 24) led him to similar conclusions: he claims that the story is not part of the hypothetical document J, but an independent piece; it is a paradigm composed in post-exilic times in order to teach the people of Judea the proper choice in match-making. See below, at paragraph 6, for further stories of this kind.
4a. The Prophetical Stories: The Narratives about the Prophets in the Hebrew Bible – Their Literary Types and History (Hebrew: 1982, 1986; English: 1988). In the ten chapters of this book Rofé summarized eighteen years of study, between 1964 and 1982. This is a first effort in Biblical research to present a comprehensive description of all the stories about the prophets, defining their genres, such as legenda, biography, historiography, parables, and determining the origin of the genres and their subsequent development. The legenda, for instance, came into being among the admirers of Elisha, around the end of the 9th century BCE. The parable appeared when the disciples of the prophets began to discuss the nature of the prophets' mission and of the word of the Lord pronounced by them. This genre was probably created in late pre-exilic and early post-exilic times. The climax of the prophetical stories is the epopee about Elijah and the Lord's fight against Baal. In its last phases, the prophetical narrative described its heroes as martyrs who taught foreigners the omnipotence of the god of Israel.
4b. The theological discussion about the essence of prophecy. The quality of the word of the Lord engaged the disciples of the prophets for a long time in the 6th and 5th centuries BCE. Is the word of the Lord always fulfilled? The question was raised and received a positive answer in an addition to the law concerning prophecy in Deut 18: 21-22. The same view transpires from the Deuteronomistic redaction of the book of Kings and is proclaimed by Deutero-Isaiah. The opposite stand was taken by the author of Jonah, by the Deuteronomistic editor of Jeremiah, and an editor of Ezekiel (Ch. 33). Trito-Isaiah joined them while contesting the views of his master, Deutero-Isaiah. The identification of this divergence led Rofé to define anew the border between the words of Deutero-and Trito-Isaiah. To the former one should attribute chs. 40-53, to the latter – chs. 54-66. Indeed, Abraham Kuenen suggested this as early as 1886.
5. The Introduction to Deuteronomy: Part I and Further Chapters (Hebrew: 1988) grew out of notes distributed to students of Bible at the Hebrew University in the wake of the Yom Kippur war (1973), because of the teacher's and the students' absence from classes. This Introduction attempts at describing the contents of Deuteronomy and its structure which mainly consists of two covenants: Horeb (4:44 - 28:68 + 30: 1 - 10) and the one in the Land of Moab (28: 69 – 30: 20). The latter covenant has a clear affinity to vassal treaties, mainly Hittite, of the Second Millennium BCE. Rofés enquiry, however, is principally not comparative, but internal; it seeks to uncover the history of Deuteronomy, especially its legal corpus, by dwelling on its duplications and contradictions. Thus the various layers have been exposed: first, prae-Deuteronomic inherited material, then Deuteronomic legislation that preceded the Josiah reform of 622 BCE, further an additional, later layer from the time of the reform itself, finally a post-reform layer that supplemented and interpreted the earlier legislation. This kind of work reached into post-exilic times. Rofés study confirms the conclusion, already expressed by former scholars, that the ultimate origin of the Deuteronomic movement was in the ancient holy site of Shechem, probably in the 10th century BCE. A significant portion of this research has been published in English: Deuteronomy: Issues and Interpretation (Edinburgh 2002).
6. The Introduction to the Literature of the Hebrew Bible (Hebrew: 2006, 2007; English: 2009). As usual in books of introduction, this work does not strive for innovations, but attempts at describing the problems brought to light by the discipline and the methods applied to solve them. The particular merit of this Introduction is that it does not merely present the conclusions reached by the Biblical research, but it shows the course that led to them. For instance, Part 3 "The Prophetic Literature" poses some fundamental questions: Did the disciples of the prophets introduce additions into the words of their masters? Did they rework them? What are the proofs to their interventions? How can one distinguish between prophecy and apocalyptic? Part 4, "Psalmody", not only summarized the method of Hermann Gunkel, but also criticized it; the same was done with his main detractor, Meir Weiss. A peculiarity of this introduction is its chapter "Late Narrative" (Part I, Chapter 4). Here Rofé brought together findings from his previous studies. Signs of late composition clearly indicate that the stories about the betrothal of Rebekkah (Genesis 24), the rape of Dinah (Genesis 34), David and Goliath (1 Samuel 17), the wars with Aram (1 Kings 20), the vineyard of Naboth (1 Kings 21: 1-16) were all written in post-exilic times. They reflect problems and expectations of the people of Yehud in Persian times. These findings run against the Documentary Hypothesis in the Pentateuch and the hypothesis of a single Deuteronomistic composition from Deuteronomy 1 to 2 Kings 25. The creation of the Biblical literature was a multifarious process that extended over a longer span than the one usually accepted in Biblical criticism.

</doc>
<doc id="31208786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208786" title="Casio CTK 230">
Casio CTK 230

The Casio CTK 230 is a keyboard introduced by Casio in 2005. It is well known for its look, sound clarity and volume. It has 49 keys and includes 100 tones, 100 rhythms and 50 songs.

</doc>
<doc id="31208862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208862" title="Thomas Lambert (skier)">
Thomas Lambert (skier)

Thomas Lambert (born 1984) is a Swiss freestyle skier. He was born in Mettmenstetten. He participated at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, where he placed 14th in aearials, and at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, where he placed 12th in aerials.

</doc>
<doc id="31208879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208879" title="PNT Singing Idol">
PNT Singing Idol

"The Filipino Canadian community’s biggest talent contest in B.C. is the PNT Singing Idol." It is a Filipino-Canadian Metro Vancouver-area singing competition which grants prizes to the most successful amateur singers in three age categories. The top annual prize is a round trip air fare from Metro Vancouver to the Philippines and a $1000 cash prize. The contest started in 2008. On 29 September 2012 PNT Idol expanded to include a Seattle, Washington contest whose finalists would represent the state in the Metro-Vancouver, Canada, Grand Finals later in the year.
Beginnings.
In January 2008 a Metro Vancouver Filipino newspaper, The Philippine Asian News Today, advertised a new singing contest, PNT Singing Idol. Early monthly contests were held at a Filipino-owned Surrey, British Columbia locale, the Olympia Pizza restaurant, and some later monthly contests were at similar venues in New Westminster and elsewhere. A three hour long grand finals session, punctuated by guest performances, was held later that year at a church auditorium in Vancouver with a reported attendance of 1500.
Structure.
Monthly contests are held at local restaurants, shopping malls, or an outdoor market. Amateur contestants, after paying an entry fee, are invited to a microphone where each sings a song of their choice, accompanied by recorded music which the contestant brings. Music is recorded less the primary vocal track. A panel of three judges chooses a "monthly" winner and two runners-up for each of three age categories. The three age categories are children, teens, and adults.
The monthly winners become finalists in a grand finals which is held in early fall of the same year. Choreographed group dancing at the grand finals event is contributed by monthly singers. Other local Filipino groups also participate as guest performers.
Guests at the annual grand finals include federal MPs, provincial MLAs, and Vancouver-area Philippine consulate representatives.
Media exposure.
The grand finals of each year are televised on a multicultural channel at a later date. Since January 2011 each monthly contest has also been televised at 10pm on the last Sunday of each month on the Metro Vancouver cable channel 116.
No radio exposure has occurred since the first year, when participants Jessica Zraly, Vanessa Hillman, and Vanessa Harrison were interviewed and sang on a multicultural radio program. Contestants have featured in commercials for the grand finals and within Philippine Asian News today.
Staffing.
Winnie "Jo Jo" Alpuerto, a contributor to the Philippine Asian News Today, and a singing contest promoter and former contestant, has been the most visible organizer, presenter, and principal master of ceremonies at most of the contests, with off-stage assistance from fellow newspaper staffer Nhemy Cepeda. Robert J. Tongko, an experienced stage director, has coordinated the annual grand finals the first three seasons and the fifth season.
On stage co hosts have included Jerry "Papa Bear" Legaspi, Joisa Alpuerto, Miss Philippines BC (2010) Winnie Tan, and teenage co hosts or emcees Jessica Zraly, Vanessa Hillman, Anjela Gerardo, and Charisse Curata. Zraly, Hillman, and Curata are former PNT Idol contestants and Gerardo was formerly in other contests.
Monthly contest judges include participants in the second year's adult category, Emee Escaro, Wei Medina, and Membo Siago. Judges at the annual "grand finals" have included Robert Hektoen, a principal of Vancouver-based Rockstar MusiCORP, Joey Albert, Wyngard Tracy, and Iza Calzado. K Brosas was a guest performer for 2012.
Guest singers have included winners of previous years' contests, and local Filipino Canadian singers JJ Cepeda, Angela Gerardo, and Sarah Cantuba.
Sponsorship.
Filipino, Filipino-Canadian and other businesses or professionals, including GMA Pinoy TV and Tom Lee Music provide financial support or prizes in exchange for the placement of their promotional material on stage, in the program, or in advertising for the event. Monthly contestants sell tickets and assist in seeking sponsors.
Winners.
2008 (September 5):
2009:
2010:
2011 (September 3):
2012 (November 3):
Contestant activity after PNT Idol.
Vanessa Harrison left 2008 PNT Idol before the grand finals to sign a contract with a Philippines-based media group. Harrison toured Canada with German Moreno and GMA 7 and became Miss Teen Philippines 2008, Miss GMA Starstruck Canada, and Miss Philippines 2010, and then went to the Philippines with Starstruck. Alyssa Gutierrez was publicly offered a recording opportunity by Rockstar MusiCorp following her Grand Finals win in 2009. Guest singer JJ Cepeda and former contestants Jessica Zraly, Vanessa Hillman and others have advanced to the final thirty contestants of the Vancouver episode of The Next Star. Former PNT contestants Harrison, Hillman, and Camille Reyes were among the top ten finalists of The Beat 94.5 Music Awards in 2010. Ethel Rose Amistad is to release music through iTunes and at Best Buy and Future Shop retail locations PNT Idol contestants Gutierrez and Zraly continued to participate in other contests, with Gutierrez continuing to win contests and Hillman, Curata, Crockett, Mirzaei, Amistad, Zaragoza, and PNT guest singers Gerardo, and Cepeda participated in a charity event "To Catch a Rising Star" in late 2010 A talent school includes PNT Idol experience in the description of one of its students.
The "famous PNT Idol family" of former and current contestants also participate in other Metro Vancouver Filipino Canadian events such as the Philippine Summer Festival (2010).
The "PNT Idol monthly winners" were a front act at the Vancouver filming of the Filipino TV show Eat Bulaga at the Queen Elizabeth Theatre on April 23, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31208883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208883" title="Jim Matthews">
Jim Matthews

Jim Matthews may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31208890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208890" title="Bill Heseltine">
Bill Heseltine

William "Bill" Heseltine was a three-time Australian cycling champion who while competing for Australia, won the 10 mile scratch on the track at the 1950 British Empire Games (now Commonwealth Games) in New Zealand.
Known as the country champion from his home state of Queensland, he took out the 3 mile state title in 1949 in a record time of 3.3.1, a feat that earned him a shot at the Australian championships. In the 10 mile Australian race, Heseltine and fellow Queenslander Ken Caves put a lap on the rest of the field, allowing them to go head to head for the title. With a lap to go, Cave lead, but Heseltine joined Cave with 300 yards to go. It wasn't until the last 50 yards that Heseltine hit the front. He went on to beat Cave by a bike's length. He was then selected for the Empire Games in February 1950, where he won the Gold Medal in games record time.
Heseltine went on to win a large number of Queensland titles as well as 3 Australian Championships. Bill Heseltine missed a real chance at an Australian call up for the 1952 Olympic team when he suffered an horrific bike smash.

</doc>
<doc id="31208937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208937" title="Van Heusden">
Van Heusden

van Heusden or Vanheusden is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31208943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208943" title="Prince Azmet Jah">
Prince Azmet Jah

Mir Azmet Ali Khan, commonly known as Prince Azmet Jah (born 1960), is an English professional photographer and a member of the Imperial House of Osman and the Royal House of Asaf Jah.
Early life.
Azmet Jah was born in London, England to Prince Mukarram Jah, the titular Nizam of Hyderabad and Princess Esra. He has a degree in cinematography.
Career.
Azmet Jah has worked on movies with Steven Spielberg and Richard Attenborough. He has wielded the camera for Hollywood films, such as Basic Instinct and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
In 2011, he stated that he was working on two films, one on his great grandfather, Mir Osman Ali Khan, the Seventh Nizam of Hyderabad.
Personal life.
In May 1996, he married Princess Naz Jah (née Zeynep Naz Guvendiren) in Kensington, London. He currently lives in England,

</doc>
<doc id="31208968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208968" title="Dantherm">
Dantherm

Dantherm AS is the parent company of several companies involved in the development, production, sale, and installation of industrial air handling solutions.
Business model.
The company works both nationally and internationally, where they have established factories and sales companies . The company's two main areas are Telecommunications and Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC).
Within the "Telecom" business unit, the company is a supplier of cooling solutions for the Telecom networks suppliers and network operators.
Within the "HVAC" business unit, there are several branches: defense, dehumidification, swimming pool ventilation, and residential ventilation.
The total sale for the Dantherm group represents 464.6 million Danish krone (DKK). (2010), while the number of employees is approximately 537. The company's profit before tax represented a deficit of 44.5 million DKK, (improving over the previous years, when two entries were negative 96.5 million DKK and 293.1 million DKK). In 2011 they expected an operating profit (EBIT) of 20-25 million DKK, a small profit before tax and a turnover of 500-550 million DKK.
The headquarters of the Dantherm Group is located in Skive.
History.
In 1958 E.R. Olsen founded his works under the name Danterm, which was changed to Dantherm. The increase in industrial production was the main force in the 1950s' economic development, which in a few years abolished the high unemployment seen in the Skive region. This meant that many industrial factories were built, and all needed to be heated and therefore could potentially use fan heaters that Eilert meant to develop.
In 1960s the company was became a Publicly traded Aktieselskab and sales organizations were created in Norway, Germany, France and England.
In 1973, the company was divided into Dantherm AS as a production company and Dantherm Trading AS, which would handle the negotiation of company products on the Danish market. Eilert was always looking for new opportunities, which resulted in his development, in the late 1970s, of a dehumidifier in cooperation with low power engineer Svend Thøgersen. The dehumidifier was patented and put into production in 1977-88. It was named "CD" (Condense Dryer). Dehumidifiers are now one of Dantherm's main areas.
In the 1980s—after the 1970s energy crisis—much was done in Denmark to be energy efficient. The company developed a cross flow heat exchanger that could regain the warm air in the building to heat the fresh cool air while ventilating, instead of discharging heat out of the window.
Svend Thøgersen founded in 1983 "Stelectric", which started supplying electronics control systems for them. In the mid 1980s Dantherm Norway developed mobile refrigeration and heating equipment for the armed forces and NATO.
In the 1990s they ventured into electronics cooling, with telecommunications network as their main marketing area.
In 1996 the company established a production facility in Spartanburg, USA and in 2001 in Suzhou, China.

</doc>
<doc id="31208984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31208984" title="Julurpadu">
Julurpadu

Julurpad or Julurpadu () is a Mandal in Khammam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Julurpad mandal is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31209006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209006" title="List of German states by GDP">
List of German states by GDP

The article is about GDP of German states in main Fiscal years, all figures are from Federal Statistical Office of Germany. Calculating GDP of German states is based on EUR€, for easy comparison, all the GDP figures are converted into US$ according to current annual average exchange rates.
2008 List.
Per Capita, 2008.
Gross regional product per capita. All figures in the table account for purchasing power parity.

</doc>
<doc id="31209013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209013" title="2AD">
2AD

2AD is an Australian radio station serving the Armidale region. It was opened in February 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="31209018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209018" title="Karamanoğlu Mehmetbey University">
Karamanoğlu Mehmetbey University

Karamanoğlu Mehbetbey University () is a public university in Karaman.
History.
Karamanoğlu Mehmetbey University is one of new seventeen universities which were established in accordance with the law numbered 5662. However university’s history dates back Vocational School which was established as a part of Selcuk University by the verdiction of the council of higher education dated 08.03.1987. Ermenek Vocational School was established as a result of the meeting of The Council of Higher Education dated 21.03.1991 and Karaman Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences was established in accordance with the law numbered 3837, published in official journal dated 11.07.1992 numbered 21281.
In the same year Health Services Vocational School with the protocol dated 10.09.1992 between The Council of Higher Education and Ministry of Health, Kazım Karabekir Vocational School as a result of the meeting of The Council of Higher Education dated 30.09.1994, Health School with the official journal dated 02.11.1996 numbered 22805 and School of Physical Education and Sports with the decree dated 18.11.1997 were established and operated under Selçuk University.
Faculty of Literature with the verdiction of The Council of The Ministers numbered 2006/10735 published in official journal dated 05.08.2006 numbered 26250 and Faculty of Kamil Özdağ Science with the verdiction numbered 2007/11548, published in official journal dated 20.01.2007 numbered 26409 were established but had not started education.
All these institutions, which operated under the name of Selçuk University, have become units of our university in accordance with the law numbered 2809 published in official journal 29 May 2007 numbered 26536.
Social Sciences Institute which continues its education and Sciences Institute which do not accept student yet were established in accordance with the same law under Karamanoğlu Mehmetbey University Rectorate.

</doc>
<doc id="31209039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209039" title="LFO scandal">
LFO scandal

The Laboratory for Fractionation of Plasma scandal (also known as "LFO scandal" or "LFO affair") is a phrase used to describe events connected to the investigation which started in 1995 about an investment to build a Laboratory for Franctionation of Plasma in Mielec, Poland. The laboratory was never built. In 2001 the Public Prosecutor's Office of Tarnobrzeg started a criminal investigation in the case of extortion of money to obtain credit to build the laboratory.
Investment.
The investment was supposed to create a facility for fractionation of blood plasma and production of different blood-related medical products. The investment was meant to be lucrative. It appeared also that it would materialize WHO order to become independent in production of blood related products. LFO was chosen as the company which would build such a manufacturing plant.
The investment proposal received US$34 million in credit mainly from such banks as Kredyt Bank. In 1998 LFO signed a licensing agreement with Australian company CSL Limited. In 1999 the bank stopped giving credit to the investment and in 2000 CSL withdrew from the project. In 2000 LFO signed a new licensing agreement with Octapharma. In 2001 the bank finally withdrew from credit agreement and the National Public Prosecutor's Office started to investigate the project.
LFO’s investors were:
Main aspects of the LFO scandal.
Polish media inquired about the following issues, which indicated abuses during construction of the factory:

</doc>
<doc id="31209041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209041" title="Scripps Mercy Hospital">
Scripps Mercy Hospital

Scripps Mercy Hospital is a private Catholic teaching hospital located in San Diego, California. Founded in 1890, it is the oldest hospital in San Diego County and has campuses in Chula Vista, California and Hillcrest, a neighborhood of San Diego. The hospital has 700 acute-care licensed beds and employs 1,300 physicians. The Hillcrest campus is home to one of only two regional Level I Trauma Centers and receives more than 2,100 trauma patients each year. 

</doc>
<doc id="31209053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209053" title="Simen Møller">
Simen Møller

Simen Axel Stamsø Møller (born 6 September 1988) is a Norwegian football forward, currently playing for Kjelsås.
Career.
Early career.
He started his youth career in Lille Tøyen, before he transferred to the local talent club Skeid, at the age of 10. In Skeid he was overshadowed by his older brother, Julian, and when he started at Bjerke Upper Secondary School, he chose to study media and communications, instead of elite sports like his brother. He therefore left Skeid, and signed for Kjelsås.
Kjelsås.
Møller had his breakthrough in Kjelsås in 2009, scoring 20 of the total 38 goals Kjelsås had that season, preventing relegation from the 2009 Norwegian Second Division. The 2010-season started out with injury problems, but he still ended up scoring 16 goals in the league that season. He was then discovered by the Norwegian scout Stig Marius Torbjørnsen, and went to Tromsø on trial.
Tromsø.
On 18 October 2010, he signed a three-year contract with the North Norwegian club. Tromsø manager Per Mathias Høgmo described him as a "goalgetter", ans that he would be a great addition to his 2011-squad.
On 4 January 2011, he travelled up north to continue his football career. He made his debut against Tromsdalen in a friendly match in January 2011, coming on in the second half and scored two goals. He came on as a substitute against FC Daugava in the Europa League on 30 June for his first official match. Four days later, in an away match against Fredrikstad FK he was again brought on as a substitute for his first league match.
In 2014 he returned to third-tier Kjelsås.

</doc>
<doc id="31209057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209057" title="Henry Eyre (barrister)">
Henry Eyre (barrister)

Henry Eyre (23 October 1628 - 18 July 1678) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1678.
Eyre was the son of Giles Eyre, of Brickworth Whiteparish, Wiltshire and his wife Jane Snelgrove, daughter of Ambrose Snelgrove of Redlynch, Wiltshire. He was a student of Lincoln's Inn in 1647 and became a fellow of Jesus College, Oxford in 1648. He was awarded BA on 26 June 1649 and became a fellow of Merton College, Oxford in 1651 and was awarded MA on 18 November 1652. He was called to the bar in 1653. In 1659, he was Recorder of Salisbury and was elected Member of Parliament for Salisbury in the Third Protectorate Parliament.
In 1660, Eyre was re-elected MP for Salisbury in the Convention Parliament. In 1675, he was elected MP for Downton and held the seat until his death.
Eyre died in 1678 at the age of 49 and was buried at Whiteparish. 
Eyre married in about 1658, Dorothy Dodington, widow of Christopher Dodington of Lincoln’s Inn and Horsington, Somerset, and daughter of Sir George Hastings of Woodlands.

</doc>
<doc id="31209058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209058" title="Kim Min-koo">
Kim Min-koo

Kim Min-Koo (; born 7 May 1984) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a forward.
Club career.
Spending his youth career at Daegu University, Kim started his senior football career with National League side Gangneung City in 2008. During his time with Gangneung, Kim appeared in 16 league matches, scoring 12 goals. In 2009, he joined the Police FC to comply with his compulsory two year military service. 
Having completed his military service obligations, Kim was drafted in the extra pick of the 2011 K-League Draft by Daegu FC. He made his Daegu FC debut in a 0–2 League Cup loss to Gyeongnam FC on 16 March 2011, coming on as a substitute for Lee Hyung-Sang. Kim then made his K-League debut the following week in a 1–1 draw against Incheon United on 20 March 2011, again as a substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="31209072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209072" title="Anthems for the Champion – The Queen">
Anthems for the Champion – The Queen

Anthems for the Champion - The Queen is an EP by German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch, released in 2007 through AFM Records. The EP collects all the anthems composed by Doro and used to introduce the performances of her good friend, the German female boxing champion Regina Halmich. The only previously unreleased song is "The Queen", which Halmich used as anthem for her final year of agonistic activity.
The EP reached position No. 89 in the German single chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31209080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209080" title="Water tribe">
Water tribe

Water tribe or Water tribes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31209111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209111" title="2002 Consadole Sapporo season">
2002 Consadole Sapporo season

2002 Consadole Sapporo season

</doc>
<doc id="31209114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209114" title="2002 Vegalta Sendai season">
2002 Vegalta Sendai season

2002 Vegalta Sendai season

</doc>
<doc id="31209125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209125" title="EMC Atmos">
EMC Atmos

EMC Atmos is a cloud storage services platform developed by EMC Corporation. Atmos can be deployed as either a hardware appliance or as software in a virtual environment. The Atmos technology uses an object storage architecture designed to manage petabytes of information and billions of objects across multiple geographic locations as a single system. 
Atmos can be used as data storage for custom or packaged applications using either a REST or SOAP data API, or more traditional storage interfaces like NFS and CIFS. It presents a single unified namespace or object-space, stores information as objects (files + metadata), and manages information by user or administrator-defined policies.
History.
Atmos was organically developed by EMC Corporation and was made generally available in November 2008. A second major release in February 2010 added a "GeoProtect" distributed data protection feature, faster processors and denser hard drives.
During EMC World in May 2011, EMC announced the 2.0 version of Atmos with better performance, more efficient "GeoParity" data protection and expanded access with Windows client software (Atmos GeoDrive) and an Atmos SDK with Centera/XAM and Apple iOS compatibility.

</doc>
<doc id="31209128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209128" title="2002 Kashima Antlers season">
2002 Kashima Antlers season

2002 Kashima Antlers season

</doc>
<doc id="31209138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209138" title="2002 Urawa Red Diamonds season">
2002 Urawa Red Diamonds season

2002 Urawa Red Diamonds season

</doc>
<doc id="31209141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209141" title="2002 JEF United Ichihara season">
2002 JEF United Ichihara season

2002 JEF United Ichihara season

</doc>
<doc id="31209145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209145" title="2002 Kashiwa Reysol season">
2002 Kashiwa Reysol season

2002 Kashiwa Reysol season

</doc>
<doc id="31209155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209155" title="2002 F.C. Tokyo season">
2002 F.C. Tokyo season

2002 F.C. Tokyo season

</doc>
<doc id="31209159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209159" title="2002 Tokyo Verdy 1969 season">
2002 Tokyo Verdy 1969 season

2002 Tokyo Verdy 1969 season

</doc>
<doc id="31209162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209162" title="2002 Yokohama F. Marinos season">
2002 Yokohama F. Marinos season

2002 Yokohama F. Marinos season

</doc>
<doc id="31209168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209168" title="2002 Shimizu S-Pulse season">
2002 Shimizu S-Pulse season

2002 Shimizu S-Pulse season

</doc>
<doc id="31209171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209171" title="Craig M. Wright">
Craig M. Wright

Craig Milton Wright (born 1944) is the Henry L. and Lucy G. Moses Professor of Music at Yale University. He obtained a M.A. and a Ph.D. in musicology from Harvard University, which he completed in 1972 with thesis titled "Music at the court of Burgundy, 1364-1419". He moved to Yale in 1973, serving as the chair of the department of music from 1986 to 1992.
Wright specialises in music history. His early work concentrated on Middle Ages and renaissance music. More recently, he started to work on Mozart.
In 2004 he was awarded the honorary degree Doctor of Humane Letters from the University of Chicago and in 2010 was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
On May 15, 2013, Wright was named the first Academic Director of Online Education at Yale University [http://online.yale.edu/provost-ben-polak-announces-new-yale-online-education-initiatives].
Publications.
Music at the Court of Burgundy, 1364-1419: A Documentary History (Institute of Mediaeval Music, Ltd., Henryville, Ottawa, Binningen, 1979), 271 pp.
Music and Ceremony at Notre Dame of Paris, 500-1550 (Cambridge University Press, 1989), 400 pp.
Listening to Music (West Publications, St. Paul, 1992), 419 pp; 2nd edition (West Publications, St. Paul, 1996), 435 pp; 3 rd edition (Wadsworth, 2000), 451 pp.; 5th edition (Wadsworth, 2007), 451 pp.; 7th edition (Schirmer-Cengage, 2014, 488 pp.
The Maze and the Warrior: Symbols in Architecture, Theology and Music (Harvard University Press, Cambrdge, MA, 2001, paperback edition, 2004), 351 pp.
Music in Western Civilization (Wadsworth-Schirmer, 2006)
The Essential Listening to Music (Schirmer-Cengage, 2013)

</doc>
<doc id="31209184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209184" title="2002 Júbilo Iwata season">
2002 Júbilo Iwata season

2002 Júbilo Iwata season

</doc>
<doc id="31209187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209187" title="2002 Nagoya Grampus Eight season">
2002 Nagoya Grampus Eight season

2002 Nagoya Grampus Eight season

</doc>
<doc id="31209190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209190" title="2002 Kyoto Purple Sanga season">
2002 Kyoto Purple Sanga season

2002 Kyoto Purple Sanga season

</doc>
<doc id="31209194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209194" title="2002 Gamba Osaka season">
2002 Gamba Osaka season

2002 Gamba Osaka season

</doc>
<doc id="31209195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209195" title="Padatha Painkili">
Padatha Painkili

Padatha Painkili (, ) is a 1957 Malayalam social drama film based on the novel of the same name by Muttathu Varkey and directed by P. Subramaniam from a screenplay by Varkey. The film is a social drama that revolves around marriage and dowry problems. It depicts the machinations of a wicked, though wealthy man, against a poverty-stricken, God-fearing school master, with the final defeat of evil in the end. It stars Prem Nazir, Miss Kumari and Shanthi in the lead roles.
The film released in theatres on 22 April and went on to become a major critical and commercial success. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
Plot.
Vendor Kutty (Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair), a wealthy villager, is jealous and scheming to marry his daughter Lucy (Shanthi) to the richest bachelor of the town. He is, however jealous of Luke (T. S. Muthiah), the neighbour, who is kind-hearted village school teacher and has a daughter Chinnamma (Miss Kumari), of marriageable age.
Thankachan (Prem Nazir) is the rich man of the locality and the prospective groom of Lucy. When he meets an accident, both Chinnamma and Lucy happen to be there and Lucy rushes home to get some cloth for a bandage, the simple hearted Chinnamma tears her only upper cloth and offers first-aid to Thankachan. This simple act makes a bond between the two and Thankachan in turn offers financial help to Chinnamma when her father is taken sersiouly ill.
Chinnamma is being engaged to the Beeri-maker, Chakkaravakkal (Bahadoor), whose father demands a big dowry. Luke makes herculian effort to raise money but Kutty is determined to see that he is unable to secure the loan.
Chinnamma's marriage is fixed for the day when Lucy is to be betrothed to Thankachan. The marriage party is at Luke's door. On the instigation of Kutty, Vakkan's father insists on the promised dowry. But the poor father is unable to produce it. The marriage stands dissolved.
In the neighbourhood, Thankachan has come for his betrothal with Lucy. He comes to know of Luke's predicament. On the spur of the moment he decides to marry Chinnamma and the story ends on a happy note.
Cast.
The film marks the debut of Shanthi. Bahadoor got his first break with his role as Chakkaravakkal.
Soundtrack.
The film's music has been composed by Brother Lakshmanan with lyrics penned by Thirunayinaarkurichi Madhavan Nair.

</doc>
<doc id="31209202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209202" title="2002 Vissel Kobe season">
2002 Vissel Kobe season

2002 Vissel Kobe season

</doc>
<doc id="31209210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209210" title="Peddamma temple">
Peddamma temple

Peddamma temple is an Hindu temple located at Jubilee Hills in Hyderabad. It is very famous among Bonaalu.
Location.
This temple is located at Road no.55. JubileeHills.Telagana
Etymology.
The word "Peddamma", which is "Pedda+Amma", literally means 'Mother of Mothers' or "The Supreme Mother". She is one of the 11 forms of Village Deities and The Supreme most.
The Temple is a must-visit during this Bonaalu festival which occurs during June–July every year. People offer their prayers and sacrifices to The Mother round the year, and The Mother bestows Her warm to the devotees.
Mahotsavam and Rathotsavam will be celebrated in February.

</doc>
<doc id="31209211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209211" title="2002 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season">
2002 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season

2002 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season

</doc>
<doc id="31209222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209222" title="2002 Montedio Yamagata season">
2002 Montedio Yamagata season

2002 Montedio Yamagata season

</doc>
<doc id="31209228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209228" title="Committee on Human Rights in the USSR">
Committee on Human Rights in the USSR

The Committee on Human Rights in the USSR was founded in 1970 by Andrei Sakharov together with Andrei Tverdokhlebov and Valery Chalidze. Andrei Sakharov was an eminent Soviet nuclear physicist who had publicly opposed the Soviet plans for atmospheric nuclear tests. In 1968, Sakharov had published "Progress, Coexistence and Intellectual Freedom," a plea for nuclear disarmament. As a result his professorship was revoked by Soviet authorities. He became a spokesman for the human rights in the Soviet Union.
The Committee opposed secret trials, capital punishment, and punitive psychiatry.
Other prominent members of the committee included Aleksander Solzhenitsyn, Yelena Bonner, Igor Shafarevich, Pavel Litvinov 
The Committee formally sought for the membership of International League for Human Rights and in June 1971 the League adopted the Committee. It was the first time in history a Western Non Governmental Organization had linked itself with one in the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="31209230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209230" title="2002 Mito HollyHock season">
2002 Mito HollyHock season

2002 Mito HollyHock season

</doc>
<doc id="31209232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209232" title="2002 Omiya Ardija season">
2002 Omiya Ardija season

2002 Omiya Ardija season

</doc>
<doc id="31209237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209237" title="2002 Kawasaki Frontale season">
2002 Kawasaki Frontale season

2002 Kawasaki Frontale season

</doc>
<doc id="31209241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209241" title="2002 Yokohama F.C. season">
2002 Yokohama F.C. season

2002 Yokohama F.C. season

</doc>
<doc id="31209243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209243" title="2002 Shonan Bellmare season">
2002 Shonan Bellmare season

2002 Shonan Bellmare season

</doc>
<doc id="31209246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209246" title="2002 Ventforet Kofu season">
2002 Ventforet Kofu season

2002 Ventforet Kofu season

</doc>
<doc id="31209248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209248" title="2002 Albirex Niigata season">
2002 Albirex Niigata season

2002 Albirex Niigata season

</doc>
<doc id="31209254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209254" title="Pierre Coustain">
Pierre Coustain

Pierre Coustain was a painter and sculptor at the Court of Philip the Good. His name occurs in the records of the brotherhood of St. Luke at Bruges in the year 1450 as Painter Royal. 

</doc>
<doc id="31209256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209256" title="2002 Cerezo Osaka season">
2002 Cerezo Osaka season

2002 Cerezo Osaka season

</doc>
<doc id="31209263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209263" title="2002 Avispa Fukuoka season">
2002 Avispa Fukuoka season

2002 Avispa Fukuoka season

</doc>
<doc id="31209264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209264" title="Subtitle Edit">
Subtitle Edit

Subtitle Edit (also known as SE) is a free and open-source subtitle editor to create, edit, adjust or synchronize subtitles for videos. The application has a very easy to use interface containing a list of existing subtitles, a wave form to visualize audio waves and a player which looks like Windows Media Player 11. It uses the VLC media player or DirectShow to play videos.
SE supports 200 subtitle formats. Some of the most popular formats are SubRip, Timed Text, SubStation Alpha, MicroDVD, SAMI, D-Cinema, BdSub.
SE is available in 27 languages and contains most of the features of a subtitle editor.
SE is developed and maintained by a software developer, Nikolaj Lynge Olsson from Denmark. It is hosted at GitHub.
Development.
In 2001 Nikolaj Lynge Olsson has started the development on Subtitle Edit in Delphi which is continued till April 2009. On 6 March 2009, 2.0 Beta 1 version (build 42401) was released. It was rewritten in C#.
Over time more developers have contributed to SE's development and it is still active.
On May 17, 2011 the developer announced the testing version of SE 3.2 for GNU/Linux. It uses the same source code that was developed for Windows, to implement it on GNU/Linux using Mono Project.
On October 17, 2011 the developer announced the availability of stable version for GNU/Linux. The developer himself stated that it is working well on Ubuntu.

</doc>
<doc id="31209265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209265" title="2002 Sagan Tosu season">
2002 Sagan Tosu season

2002 Sagan Tosu season

</doc>
<doc id="31209274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209274" title="PhenomicDB">
PhenomicDB

PhenomicDB is a free phenotype oriented database. It contains data for some of the main model organisms such as "Homo sapiens, Mus musculus, Drosophila melanogaster", and others. PhenomicDB merges and structures phenotypic data from various public sources: WormBase, FlyBase, NCBI Gene, MGI, and ZFIN using clustering algorithms.

</doc>
<doc id="31209281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209281" title="1934 Air France Wibault 282T crash">
1934 Air France Wibault 282T crash

The 1934 Air France Wibault 282T crash occurred on 9 May 1934 when Wibault 282T-12 F-AMHY of Air France crashed into the English Channel off Dungeness, Kent, United Kingdom whilst operating an international scheduled passenger flight from Le Bourget, Paris, France to Croydon, Surrey, United Kingdom. All six people on board were killed.
Aircraft.
The accident aircraft was Wibault 282T-12 F-AMHP, c/n 8. The aircraft had entered service with Air Union on 21 August 1933, passing to Air France on formation.
Accident.
The aircraft was operating a scheduled international passenger flight from Le Bourget, Paris, France to Croydon, Surrey, United Kingdom. It was carrying three crew and three passengers. The aircraft had taken off from Le Bourget at 11:15 local time (10:15 GMT) and passed over Le Tréport, Seine-Maritime at 12:10. At 12:19, a radio fix obtained from Croydon established that the aircraft was 18½ miles (29.8 km) west by south of Boulogne, Pas-de-Calais. There were no further messages received from the aircraft. The weather at the time included low clouds.
At 17:20 GMT, the Folkestone lifeboat was launched with instructions to search the sea at a position south east by south of Dungeness, where it was reported that wreckage had been observed. The Dover lifeboat also joined the search. No trace of the aircraft was found during the search, which was hampered by thick fog. The Folkestone lifeboat did not return to its station until after 22:00 GMT. The lack of an SOS call from the aircraft indicated that it had crashed into the sea whilst attempting to fly below the low cloudbase. On 18 May, a mailbag from the aircraft was washed up on the French coast.
Casualties.
The nationalities of the casualties were:-

</doc>
<doc id="31209283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209283" title="Tower of Paterna">
Tower of Paterna

The Tower of Paterna ( ) is a historical monument of the town of Paterna, in the province of Valencia, Spain.
It is the most emblematic monument of this valencian town. The origin of its construction is unknown, but is thinks that it was constructed during the Arab age, as defense system of the population. 
It is located in the Urban Park of the Tower and the Palace located between the caves of the Tower, houses excavated on the ground dating from the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
In 1971 it was declared a historic monument of local character.
Features.
Tower of Paterna is shaped like a cone with a height of 19.5 m and a lower diameter of 12.70 m and upper of 9.60 m.
It has three floors and a terrace from where one has a panoramic view of the Huerta de Valencia. The ground floor, which is round, was a cistern. The second floor is square and is where is situated the gateway to the outside which is accessed via a staircase that runs along the outside wall.
The top floor is octagonal and gives access to the terrace through the internal staircase, with bricksteps.
References.
Torre de Paterna

</doc>
<doc id="31209294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209294" title="2002 Oita Trinita season">
2002 Oita Trinita season

2002 Oita Trinita season

</doc>
<doc id="31209296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209296" title="Carposina canescens">
Carposina canescens

Carposina canescens is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is 15–17 mm. The head, palpi and thorax are whitish-grey. The abdomen is whitish-ochreous. The forewings are grey with a faint greenish tinge and a black basal area on the costa, reaching half across wing and indicated below the middle by a few raised black scales. The hindwings are shining grey.

</doc>
<doc id="31209304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209304" title="Righting reflex">
Righting reflex

The righting reflex, also known as the Labyrinthine righting reflex, is a reflex that corrects the orientation of the body when it is taken out of its normal upright position. It is initiated by the vestibular system, which detects that the body is not erect and causes the head to move back into position as the rest of the body follows. The perception of head movement involves the body sensing linear acceleration or the force of gravity through the otoliths, and angular acceleration through the semicircular canals. The reflex uses a combination of visual system inputs, vestibular inputs, and somatosensory inputs to make postural adjustments when the body becomes displaced from its normal vertical position. These inputs are used to create what is called an efference copy. This means that the brain makes comparisons in the cerebellum between expected posture and perceived posture, and corrects for the difference. The reflex can be affected by various types of balance disorders. The righting reflex has also been studied in non-human mammals, particularly cats.
Overview.
Vestibular System.
The vestibular system is composed of inner ear organs forming the "labyrinth": the semicircular canals, the otoliths, and the cochlea. The section below is an overview of the vestibular system, as it is crucial to the understanding of the righting reflex. Sensory information from the vestibular system allows the head to move back into position when disturbed as the rest of the body follows.
The semicircular canals (brown, see figure) are arranged at angles to the horizontal plane of the head when it is in its normal vertical posture. Each canal has a widened base, called an ampulla, that houses specialized sensory hair cells. Fluid in these canals surrounds the hair cells, and moves across them as the head moves to gather information about the movement and position of the body. The hair cells are covered in tiny sensory hairs called stereocilia, which are sensitive to displacement forces as the body is moved in different positions. When the head is moved, the force moves the hair cells forward, which sends signals to afferent fibers and on to the brain. The brain can then decide which muscles in the body need to become active in order to right itself.
The semicircular canals have a superior, posterior, and horizontal component. Studies have shown that the horizontal canal is most correlated with agility, as shown with several mammals. Curvature and size of these canals seems to affect agility, and may be due to the environments in which animals navigate, such as a mostly two-dimensional landscape as compared to three-dimensional spaces (i.e. in the air, the trees, or the water).
The otoliths have two components: the utricle and the saccule. Both are made of the same sensory tissue containing hair cells, which is covered by a gelatinous layer and the otolithic membrane on top. Embedded in this membrane are calcium carbonate crystals, called otoconia, or "ear rocks." As the head is tilted forward or backward, the otoconia move the hair cells in a similar fashion to the semicircular canal fluid movement and cause depolarization of the hair cells. Signals from these cells are also transmitted along afferent fibers and on to the brain.
Signal Transduction.
Vestibular afferent signals are carried by type I or type II hair cells, which are distinguished by a larger amount of stereocilia per cell in type I cells than in type II cells. Nerve fibers attached to these hair cells carry signals to the vestibular nuclei in the brain, which are then used to gain information about the body's position. Larger diameter afferent fibers carry information from both type I and type II hair cells, and regular afferent fibers carry signals from type II hair cells. The semicircular canals encode head velocity signals, or angular acceleration, while the otoconia encode linear acceleration signals and gravitational signals. Regular afferent signals and irregular afferent signals travel to the vestibular nuclei in the brain, although irregular signals are at least two times more sensitive. Because of this, it has been questioned why humans have regular afferent signals. Studies have shown that regular afferent signals give information about how long the motion of the head or body lasts, and irregular afferent signals occur when the head is moved more violently, such as in falling.
Function.
The righting reflex involves complex muscular movements in response to a stimulus. When startled, the brain can evoke anticipatory postural adjustments, or a series of muscle movements, which involves the function of the midbrain. However, the mechanisms of such an origin are yet to be elucidated. Data support the generation of these movements from circuits in the spine connected to the supplementary motor area, the basal ganglia, and the reticular formation.
Reference frames.
Visual input for proper righting reflex function is perceived in the form of reference frames, which create a representation of space for comparison to expected orientation. Three types of reference frames are used to perceive vertical orientation; they are consistently updated and quickly adapting to process changes in vestibular input.
Allocentric reference frame.
The allocentric reference frame describes a visual reference frame based on the arrangement of objects in an organism's environment. To test for the use of an allocentric reference frame, a "rod-and-frame" test, in which a subject's perception of virtual objects in an environment are altered, can be used to cause a body tilt as the subject believes to be correcting for the shift.
Egocentric reference frame.
The egocentric reference frame refers to a proprioceptive reference frame using the position of an organism's body in a space. This reference frame relies heavily on somatosensory information, or feedback from the body's sensory system. Muscle vibrations can be used to alter a subject's perception of the location of their bodies by creating an abnormal somatosensory signal.
Geocentric reference frame.
The geocentric reference frame involves visual inputs to help detect the verticality of an environment through gravitational pull. The sole of the foot contains receptors in the skin to detect the force of gravity, and plays a large role in standing or walking balance. The abdominal organs also contain receptors that provide geocentric information. "Roll-tilt" tests in which a subject's body is mechanically moved can be used to test for geocentric reference frame function.
Pathways.
The righting reflex can be described as a three-neuron arc system composed of primary vestibular neurons, vestibular nuclei neurons, and target motorneurons. Input from the vestibular system is received by sensory receptors in the hair cells of the semicircular canals and the otoliths, which are processed in the vestibular nuclei. The cerebellum is also active at this time for processing of what is called an efference copy, which compares expectations of the body's posture with how it is oriented at the time. The difference between expected posture and actual posture is corrected for via motorneurons in the spinal cord, which control muscle movements for righting the body.
These automatic postural adjustments can be explained in terms of two reflexes similar to the righting reflex: the vestibulo-ocular reflex (VOR) and the vestibulocollic reflex (VCR). The VOR involves movement of the eyes while the head turns to remain fixated on a stationary image, and the VCR involves control of neck muscles for correction of the head's orientation. During the VOR, the semicircular canals send information to the brain and correct eye movements in the direction opposite head movement by sending excitatory signals to motor neurons on the side opposite to the head rotation. Neurons in the otoliths control not only these signals for control of eye movements, but also signals for head movement correction through the neck muscles. The righting reflex utilizes the VOR and VCR as it brings the body back into position. Visual information under the control of these reflexes creates greater stability for more accurate postural correction.
Tests for righting reflex function.
Vestibular function can be tested through a series of visual acuity tests. The static visual acuity test investigates a patient's ability to see an object from a distance by placing a subject at a certain distance from a letter fixed on a screen. The dynamic visual acuity test involves a patient's ability to control eye movements by following letters that appear on a screen. The difference between these two test results is the patient's fixation ability and vestibuloocular reflex (VOR) efficiency.
Vestibular reflexes can also be examined using body tilt experiments. Patients with vestibular disorders may go through the Dix-Hallpike maneuver, in which the patient is seated with legs extended and rotates the head 45 degrees. The patient is then asked to lie down on the table and checked for nystagmus, or uncontrollable eye movements. Nystagmus in patients indicates dysfunction of the vestibular system, which can lead to dizziness and inability to complete a righting reflex.
Proprioceptive ability tests are important in testing for righting reflex function. A therapist may ask a patient whether he or she knows where a certain limb or joint is located without looking at it. These tests are often conducted on uneven surfaces, including sand and grass.
Recently, vestibular reflexes have been investigated using leg rotation experiments. A leg and foot rotation test can be used to investigate changes in neuron activity within the labyrinth, or the inner ear. When the head is rotated while the leg and foot are rotated 90 degrees, the vestibular signals cause the brain to inhibit movement in the direction of the rotation. At the same time, it activates the muscles on the opposite side in an attempt to correct for the displacement.
Plasticity.
Because visual input is so critical in proper righting reflex function, impairment of vision can be detrimental. Blind patients can rely on vestibular input where visual input is not available, and the visual cortex can become rewired to accommodate other senses taking control. Developmentally blind patients have a larger portion of the brain dedicated to vestibular and somatosensory input than patients with normal visual function. Recently blind patients must form new connections where visual inputs once were, and vestibular therapy may enhance this ability. This principle, called neuroplasticity, is of growing interest to researchers today.
Disorders.
Many inner ear disorders can cause dizziness, which leads to dysfunctional righting reflex action. Common inner ear disorders can cause vertigo in patients, which can be acute or chronic symptoms. Labyrinthitis, or inflammation of the inner ear, can cause imbalances that must be overcome through therapeutic exercises. Labyrinthectomy, or removal of inner ear organs, is an operation conducted for patients with severe inner ear disorders whose vertigo is debilitating. Imbalances result from the procedure, but therapy can help overcome the symptoms.
Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo.
Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo, or BPPV, is a disorder caused by the breaking off of a piece of otoconia from the otoliths. The otoconia floats freely in the inner ear fluid, causing disorientation and vertigo. The disorder can be tested for using a nystagmus test, such as the Dix-Hallpike maneuver. This disorder can disrupt the function of the righting reflex as the symptoms of vertigo and disorientation prevent proper postural control. Treatment for the disorder includes antihistamines and anticholinergics, and the disorder often goes away without surgical removal of the free otoconia.
Ménière's disease.
Ménière's disease is thought to be a balance disorder involving fluid buildup in the inner ear. This can result from a number of factors, including head injury, ear infection, genetic predisposition, chemical toxicity, allergies, or syphilis. Syphilis can cause some patients to develop the disease later in life. The disease is characterized by pressure in the ears, ringing in the ears, and vertigo. It also causes nystagmus, or uncontrollable eye movements. There is no known treatment for the disorder, although symptoms can be treated. These include water pills to thin out ear fluid, eating a low-salt diet, and taking anti-nausea medication.
Other causes of righting reflex disorders.
Vestibular and balance disorders can have a number of contributing factors. Dietary factors such as a high-salt diet, high caffeine intake, high sugar intake, monosodium glutamate (MSG) intake, dehydration, or food allergies can contribute to symptoms of vertigo and should be avoided in balance disorder patients. Other disorders can have symptoms of vertigo associated with them, such as epilepsy, migraine, stroke, or multiple sclerosis. Infectious diseases such as Lyme disease and meningitis can also cause vertigo.
Righting reflex in animals.
The righting reflex is not exclusive to humans. A well-known righting reflex in cats allows them to land on their feet after a fall. As a cat falls, it turns its head, rotates its spine, aligns its hindquarters, and arches its back to minimize injury. The cat reaches free fall to accomplish this, which is much lower than that of humans, and they are able to hit the ground in a relaxed body form to prevent serious injury. Because of this reflex, however, cats can experience what is called high-rise syndrome. Of 119 reported cases of cat injuries resulting from a fall out of a window, those that fell from higher stories were less injured. This is because cats were more able to complete the righting reflex rotation from a higher story, as they were able to reach terminal velocity, or free fall, and fell to the ground in a relaxed posture. Those that fell from lower stories had muscles engaged in the process of righting posture, and were thus more severely injured.
Bats, however, have a unique vestibular system anatomy. Their balance system, at an orientation 180 degrees opposite to that of humans, allows them to perform powerful feats of flight while hunting in the dark. This ability couples vestibular function with sensory echolocation to hunt prey.

</doc>
<doc id="31209312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209312" title="Carposina ignobilis">
Carposina ignobilis

Carposina ignobilis is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 16 mm. The head, palpi and thorax are grey mixed with brown and the abdomen is ochreous. The forewings are narrow and ochreous-grey densely irrorated with fuscous. The basal patch is indicated by blackish scales. The hindwings are shining grey.

</doc>
<doc id="31209330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209330" title="Orbod mebej">
Orbod mebej

"Orbod Mebej" is the first studio album from the Serbian hip-hop group, Bad Copy. 
It was released in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31209337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209337" title="Walter Shirley (bishop)">
Walter Shirley (bishop)

Walter Augustus Shirley (1797–1847) was an English bishop who was the Bishop of Sodor and Man.
Life.
He was born on 30 May 1797 at Westport, Ireland, where his father held a curacy, the only son of Walter Shirley, by his wife Alicia, daughter of Sir Edward Newenham. His grandfather was Walter Shirley. At the age of nine Shirley was placed under the care of the Rev. Legh Richmond; but was soon moved to a school at Linton in Essex. He became a scholar of Winchester College in 1809, and six years later was elected to a scholarship at New College, Oxford, where he became a Fellow in 1818.
After his ordination on 7 August 1820 he took charge of the parish of Woodford, Northamptonshire, one of the livings held by his father. In 1821 he became curate of Parwich in Derbyshire. In 1822 he was appointed assistant lecturer of Ashbourne and curate of Atlow, and was awarded the prize for the English essay at Oxford, the subject being "the Study of Moral Evidence".
He acted as chaplain at Rome in the winter of 1826–7, and during his residence there he became intimately acquainted with Christian Karl Josias von Bunsen and Thomas Erskine, as well as with Charles Lock Eastlake and David Wilkie. In the autumn of 1827 he was married at Paris to Maria, daughter of William Waddington, and at the same time his father resigned the living of Shirley in his favour. He took possession of his new home in January 1828. After nine years' residence at Shirley he accepted the living of Whiston, near Rotherham, which he held jointly with Shirley. He gave up the former cure two years later, when he was appointed to the incumbency of Brailsford, a parish adjoining that of Shirley. In 1829 he alienated some of his friends by his outspoken advocacy of Catholic emancipation; in later years he estranged others by refusing to support measures against the Tractarians. His own upbringing and views were evangelical.
He was made Archdeacon of Derby by the bishop of Lichfield on 21 December 1840. In November 1846 he was appointed Bishop of Sodor and Man by Lord John Russell; but because of a serious illness he was not consecrated until 10 January 1847. He had been elected Bampton lecturer for that year, but lived only long enough to deliver two of the lectures of his course. He died at Bishop's Court, Isle of Man, on 21 April 1847. His only son was Walter Waddington Shirley.
Among his pupils were Stafford Henry Northcote and his nephew, William Henry Waddington, the French minister.
Works.
In addition to his Oxford prize essay, Shirley published "A Charge to the Clergy of the Archdeaconry of Derby", 1846. The two Bampton lectures that he had delivered, together with two others which he had completed before death overtook him, were published in 1847 under the title of "The Supremacy of the Holy Scriptures".

</doc>
<doc id="31209349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209349" title="Thomas Fitzjames">
Thomas Fitzjames

Thomas Fitzjames (c 1624 1705) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660.
Fitzjames was the son of Leweston Fitzjames of Leweston, Dorset. He matriculated at Lincoln College, Oxford on 25 January 1639, aged 16. He was called to the bar at Middle Temple in 1649. 
In 1659, Fitzjames was elected Member of Parliament for Downton in the Third Protectorate Parliament. He was then of Nurfland. In April 1660 he was re-elected MP for Downton in the Convention Parliament but as there was a double return, his election was declared void on 9 May. 
Fitzjames was the brother of Henry Fitzjames and John Fitzjames.

</doc>
<doc id="31209359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209359" title="Carposina contactella">
Carposina contactella

Carposina contactella is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is 15–16mm. The head and thorax are white and the abdomen is grey-whitish. The forewings are elongate, rather narrow and white with a small blackish mark on the base of the costa, a transverse ochreous-yellow line near the base and a light-grey blotch irrorated with dark grey extending along the dorsum and reaching more than half across the wing, containing a yellow-ochreous ridge of scales much marked with black and a yellow-ochreous spot in a white ring, a small blackish spot on the costa, preceded by a black subcostal dot sometimes marked with yellow-ochreous. There are five small spots of blackish irroration on the costa posteriorly, and some suffused grey irroration beneath these. There are also two indistinct ochreous-yellowish dots above the middle of the disc, and an undefined transverse yellowish streak in the disc, surrounded with white, as well as a curved-angulated subterminal streak of blackish irroration, and some grey irroration towards the termen. The hindwings are pale whitish-grey.

</doc>
<doc id="31209365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209365" title="Lava (1980 film)">
Lava (1980 film)

Lava is a 1980 Malayalam film written by S. L. Puram Sadanandan and directed by Hariharan. It stars Prem Nazir, K. P. Ummer, Madhavi, Sathar, Balan K. Nair, Jayamalini, Oduvil Unnikrishnan, Jagathy Sreekumar and Bahadoor.

</doc>
<doc id="31209381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209381" title="Medicine Unboxed">
Medicine Unboxed

Medicine Unboxed is a project arising from a view that good medicine demands more than scientific and technical expertise, and that it necessitates ethical judgment, an understanding of human experience, empathy, professionalism and wisdom. 
Medicine Unboxed is a not-for-profit organisation that has held five international conferences (Unboxing Medicine, 2009; Stories, Language and Medicine, 2010; Medicine and Values, 2011; Belief, 2012; Voice, 2013) in Cheltenham, UK. The aim of Medicine Unboxed is to explore "understanding medicine through the arts and humanities", and engage the public and front-line National Health Service staff with a view of medicine that is infused and elaborated by the humanities, with a view to promoting dialogue around the goals and values of medicine within society. Contributors to the conferences include artists, writers, the clergy, poets, philosophers, lawyers, linguists, musicians, theatre, ethicists, academics and doctors. 
Notable contributors include Amateur Transplants, Dannie Abse, Gwyneth Lewis, Jo Shapcott, Frank Harsent, Gabriel Weston and Raymond Tallis. Medicine Unboxed is curated by Dr. Sam Guglani, Consultant Oncologist at Gloucestershire Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, that supports the organisation along with the Wellcome Foundation. The Creative Director is Peter Thomas and advisors are Dr. Sean Elyan and Dame Janet Trotter. 
Medicine Unboxed has been widely reported in the medical press including "The Guardian","The Lancet", The British Medical Journal Online and Lapidus. 
The third event in the Medicine Unboxed series was Medicine and Values, which took place on 15 October 2011 at the Parabola Arts Centre in Cheltenham and included contributions by Lionel Shriver, Jo Shapcott, Revd. John Bell, Raymond Tallis, John Carey, Paul Bailey, Michael Arditti, Havi Carel and Tom Isaacs (of The Cure Parkinson's Trust). 
In 2012, the Medicine Unboxed theme was Belief. Contributors included Sebastian Faulks, John Burnside, Marius Brill, Bryan Appleyard, Rupert Sheldrake, Tim Parks, Richard Holloway, Iona Heath, Matthew Flinders, Richard Horton, Clare Short, Darian Leader, Raymond Tallis, Jo Shapcott, Jan Royall, Jane Macnaughton, Adam Kay, Charles Fernyhough and Rhidian Brook. Medicine Unboxed 2012: belief took place on November 24-25, 2012 at the Parabola Arts Centre in Cheltenham. 
In 2013, the theme of Medicine Unboxed was Voice, and the event took place on 23-24 November 2013. Speakers included: Andrew Motion, Jocelyn Pook, Roger Kneebone, Eleanor Longden, Fi Glover, Jackie Kay, Bobby Baker, Melanie Pappenheim, Deborah Bowman, Rebecca Askew, Eduardo Miranda, Allyson Pollock, Jo Shapcott, Rhys Morgan, Julian Baggini, Richard Bentall, Charles Fernyhough, Roger Taylor, Bob Heath, Birmingham Medical School Choir and Raymond Tallis. 
In 2014, Medicine Unboxed will explore Frontiers. The event will take place on 22-23 November 2014 at the Parabola Arts Centre in Cheltenham. 
In 2014. Medicine Unboxed will award the Medicine Unboxed Creative Prize a single prize of £10,000 for a creative work that illuminates the relationship between the arts and medicine. 

</doc>
<doc id="31209407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209407" title="Sutanto">
Sutanto

Jenderal Polisi (Purn) Drs. Sutanto (born on Comal, Pemalang, Jawa Tengah, 30 September 1950) is the Head of Indonesia's Badan Intelijen Negara since October 22, 2009 to October 19, 2011. Previously he was Head of the Indonesian National Police since July 8, 2005 to 30 September 2008.
He graduates Akabri in 1973. He was previously the Head of the Executive Agency Daily (Kalakhar) National Narcotics Agency. He became aide to President Suharto in 1995 - 1998, Regional Police Chief (Kapolda) of North Sumatra (2000), and the East Java police chief (October 17, 2000-October 2002).

</doc>
<doc id="31209410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209410" title="4BU">
4BU

4BU is an Australian radio station serving the Bundaberg region. It was opened in December 1935.
4BU is a classic hits station playing hit songs from the 1960s right through to the mid-2000s. Owned by Grant Broadcasters, 4BU places strong emphasis on local programming, with its entire daytime lineup broadcast from its Maryborough St studios.
4BU also takes talk programming from 2UE overnight.

</doc>
<doc id="31209414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209414" title="Carposina cryodana">
Carposina cryodana

Carposina cryodana is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is 16–17 mm. The head and thorax are white, slightly speckled with grey. The abdomen and legs are ochreous-whitish. The forewings are elongate, narrow, oblong, the costa moderately arched, the apex round-pointed, the hindmargin straight and very oblique. They are white, densely irrorated with pale fuscous-grey. There is a short black streak running from the base beneath the costa. The hindwings are grey-whitish.
Specimens have been caught on "Leptospermum" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31209420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209420" title="Clinique Ambroise Paré">
Clinique Ambroise Paré

The Clinique Ambroise Paré is a hospital in Conakry, Guinea, is considered to be the best hospital in the country.
The hospital is named after Ambroise Paré, the father of French surgery.
It is privately owned, providing better care than the government hospitals Ignace Deen and Donka but not as high a standard as in Europe or North America.
Ambroise Paré has an ambulance, and is equipped for surgery. 
It is located on North Corniche next to USAID, southwest of the Conakry Botanical Garden.
In September 2009 a rally at a city stadium in protest against the military junta was violently broken up, with dozens of people being killed by security forces. Former prime ministers Cellou Dalein Diallo and Sidya Touré were injured, and taken to Ambroise Paré. However, soldiers removed them from the clinic and took them to the Alpha Yaya Diallo camp, the junta's headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="31209461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209461" title="Conakry Botanical Garden">
Conakry Botanical Garden

Conakry Botanical Garden is a botanical garden in Conakry, Guinea. It is located in the Camayenne part of the city, with the Ambroise Paré Hospital to the south and Conakry Grand Mosque to the north. It is noted for its kapok trees.

</doc>
<doc id="31209466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209466" title="Narona (gastropod)">
Narona (gastropod)

Narona is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.
Species.
Species within the genus "Narona " include:

</doc>
<doc id="31209467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209467" title="Wijaya">
Wijaya

Wijaya or Widjaja is an Indonesian word meaning 'victory'. It is commonly used as an Indonesian surname, most often by Chinese Indonesians. It can also refer to any of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="31209474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209474" title="Henry Fitzjames">
Henry Fitzjames

Henry Fitzjames (c 1626 - 1685) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 .
Fitzjames was the son of Leweston Fitzjames of Leweston, Dorset. He matriculated at Lincoln College, Oxford on 4 March 1642, aged 15. He was a student of the Middle Temple in 1647. 
In 1659, Fitzjames was elected Member of Parliament for Haslemere in the Third Protectorate Parliament. 
Fitzjames was buried at Bow Chappell on 5 March 1685.
Fitzjames was the brother of Thomas Fitzjames and John Fitzjames.

</doc>
<doc id="31209477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209477" title="4GY">
4GY

4GY is an Australian radio station serving the Gympie region. It was opened in October 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="31209491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209491" title="Walter Waddington Shirley">
Walter Waddington Shirley

Walter Waddington Shirley (1828–1866) was an English churchman and ecclesiastical historian.
Life.
The only son of Walter Augustus Shirley, bishop of Sodor and Man, he was born at Shirley, Derbyshire, on 24 July 1828. He was educated at Rugby School under Thomas Arnold. His closest friend at school and throughout his life was his cousin, William Henry Waddington, later in French politics. 
In June 1846 Shirley matriculated at University College, Oxford, but in the following year he migrated to Wadham College, where he had gained a scholarship. He obtained a first class in the honour school of mathematics in 1851, and in 1852 was elected a Fellow of his college. He had to vacate his fellowship three years later, on his mother's death, when he inherited a small landed property. From 1855 to 1863 he was tutor and mathematical lecturer of Wadham. It was during this period that he began historical study. 
His theological views underwent considerable change; the position which Shirley occupied at the time of his death was still a provisional one. Having been in his early days a disciple of Arnold, he ultimately came to regard ‘undogmatic Christianity’ as a contradiction in terms. In May 1863, he preached in the university church a sermon on the unreasonableness of Arnold's teaching. Later that year he was made regius professor of ecclesiastical history and canon of Christ Church, Oxford. He was one of the pioneers of the university extension movement, and played a part in the founding of Keble College. His career was cut short at the age of thirty-eight. He died on 20 November 1866. 
Works.
In 1858 his edition of "Fasciculi Zizaniorum Magistri Johannis Wyclif" was published in the Rolls Series. He began a life of John Wiclif, which he did not live to complete, though in 1865 he published ‘Catalogue of the Original Works of John Wiclif,’ Oxford. In 1862 he edited for the Rolls Series ‘Royal and other Historical Letters illustrative of the Reign of Henry III.’
He also published a lecture on ‘Scholasticism,’ delivered before the university of Oxford, 1866. After his death a small volume by him, entitled ‘Some Account of the Church in the Apostolic Age,’ was published by the Clarendon Press.
Family.
By his wife Philippa, daughter of Samuel Knight of Impington, Cambridgeshire, whom he married on 4 July 1855, Shirley had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="31209514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209514" title="AS Police (Dakar)">
AS Police (Dakar)

Association Sportive Police, commonly referred to as AS Police, is a Senegalese association football club based in Dakar. 
The club was also formerly known as:

</doc>
<doc id="31209515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209515" title="Maud Cunard">
Maud Cunard

Maud Alice Burke (3 August 1872 – 10 July 1948), later Lady Cunard, known as Emerald, was an American-born, London-based society hostess. She had long relationships with the novelist George Moore and the conductor Thomas Beecham, and was the muse of the former and a champion of and fund-raiser for the latter. She was a supporter of Wallis Simpson during the British abdication crisis of 1936, vainly hoping for a court appointment. The Second World War ended her era of private patronage and lavish hospitality.
Biography.
Early years.
Maud Burke was born in San Francisco, to an Irish-American father, James Burke (who claimed descent from the Irish rebel Robert Emmet) and his half-French wife. She was brought up in New York, where she became a devotee of music, hearing her first Wagner (the complete "Ring" cycle) when she was 12. She hoped to marry Prince André Poniatowski, grandson of the last King of Poland, but he jilted her and in April 1895 she married Sir Bache Cunard, grandson of the founder of the Cunard shipping line. He was 21 years her senior, and despite his affection for her, they had little in common. He preferred to live at his country house, Nevill Holt Hall, in Leicestershire, where he was a keen huntsman. His wife began to establish a reputation as a hostess, "with a taste for the arts, or for artists anyhow, especially musicians", and was known for being extremely well read in French and English literature. 
Among Lady Cunard's artistic friends was the novelist George Moore, who was deeply in love with her, and to whom she was an inspiration, appearing in many guises in his novels. Moore's love was reciprocated less strongly by Lady Cunard. The Cunards had a daughter, Nancy, in 1896, described by a biographer as "gifted and lonely" and largely neglected by her parents. Moore did not discourage the widespread belief that he, not Cunard, was Nancy's father, but this is not generally credited by historians, and it is not certain that Moore's relationship with Nancy's mother was ever more than platonic. Moore was believed by some to be impotent and was described as "one who told but didn't kiss".
London hostess.
In 1906, leaving Cunard and Nancy in Leicestershire, Lady Cunard moved to London. The biographer Alan Jefferson writes, "Soon she had captured all London society, and her … salon became the most important Mecca for musicians, painters, sculptors, poets and writers as well as for politicians, soldiers, aristocrats – indeed anybody so long as they were interesting". "The Times" wrote of her, "Lady Cunard was probably the most lavish hostess of her day." 
In 1911, the Cunards formally separated by common agreement. At about this time, to the dismay of Moore, Lady Cunard fell in love with the conductor Thomas Beecham and became widely recognised in society as his companion. She was a tireless fund-raiser and persuaded many rich and upper-class people to support Beecham's extravagant operatic ventures. This was always important to Beecham, and it became more so after the First World War, when his finances were much depleted. Cunard died in 1925, and his widow never remarried. In the years after Cunard's death, she took to calling herself "Emerald", by which name she was known for the rest of her life (though not by either Moore or Beecham).
Later years.
David Lloyd George considered Lady Cunard "a most dangerous woman", because although she was not greatly interested in politics, she beguiled senior politicians such as Lord Curzon into indiscreet statements at her dinner table. Among her regular guests in the 1930s was her fellow American Wallis Simpson, whose liaison with Edward, Prince of Wales she encouraged, thus reinforcing Queen Mary's disapproval of the Cunard set. Believing that Mrs. Simpson would become queen, Lady Cunard hoped to be rewarded with the post of Mistress of the Robes in the new court. When her dream was dashed by Edward's abdication in 1936, she wept and lamented "How "could" he do this to me!" 
The outbreak of the Second World War marked the end of the lavish entertainment and private patronage of hostesses such as Lady Cunard and her rival Sibyl Colefax. Beecham's residence in the U.S. in the early years of the war led Lady Cunard to move to New York, where she set up home in a luxurious hotel. In 1942, she learned from an acquaintance that Beecham was going to marry the pianist Betty Humby. She returned to London and moved into the Dorchester Hotel where she died, miserable and lonely, at the age of 75. Her ashes were scattered in Grosvenor Square.

</doc>
<doc id="31209540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209540" title="Carposina philpotti">
Carposina philpotti

Carposina philpotti is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31209546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209546" title="Teampull na Trionaid">
Teampull na Trionaid

Teampull na Trionaid ("trinity church") is a ruined 13th-century church and seminary at Carinish, North Uist, Scotland. Amie mac Ruari is said to have rebuilt the church in the 14th century after her divorce from John of Islay, Lord of the Isles. The ruins are protected as a scheduled monument.
The Battle of Cairinish was fought near the church in 1601. 

</doc>
<doc id="31209583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209583" title="Salme">
Salme

Salme may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31209591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209591" title="Vemsoor">
Vemsoor

Vemsoor () is a village and Mandal in Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Notable residents of Vemsoor village include:
Bellamkonda Chandramouli Sastry:
He was a Poet, Ashtavadhani, Scholar and a freedom fighter. His literary works : 1. Urdu Kathanikalu(Translated from Urdu to Telugu) 2. Ruthupavanam 3. Sringaaram- Pothana 4. Krishanveni Tharangini.
Bellamkonda Chandramouli Sastry was recipient of Rashtra Sahitya Academy Award from Govt of Andhra Pradesh.
Morampudi Venkaiah:
He was a freedom fighter and a leader of the Communist Party, fighting for the liberation of the Telangana region of India from the oppressive rule of the Nizam. He was also one of the leaders in the district who fought against the Razakars and the Nizam.
He contested against Jalagam Vegala Rao in 1967 from Vemsoor constituency.
Vemsoor was assembly constituency from 1951 to 1972. In 1967 Jalagam Vengal Rao won assemly elections second time from Vemsoor and in 1968 he became State Home Minister in the state government headed by Kasu Brahmananda Reddy and also he became chief minister from same constituency. 
Election Results of Vemsoor Assembly constituency from 1952 to 1972
'"Up to 1948 osmanistan country
after merging in indian union on september 17, 1948 as named as "'hyderabad state
the first election in india 1952
'"1952(Hyderabad State- Telangana)
Constituency 129 VEMSUR"'
1 . KANDIMALLA RAMKRISHNA RAO M IND 16092 44.43%
2 . JALAGAM VENGALA RAO M IND 15543 42.92%
3 . BOMMAKANTI SATYANARAYAN RAO M INC 4580 12.65%
ELECTORS : 51987 VOTERS : 36215 POLL PERCENTAGE : 69.66% VALID VOTES 36215 
'"1957 Andhra Pradesh
Constituency 73 VENSOOR"' 
1 . J. KONDAL RAO M INC 24680 56.79%
2 . V. NAGESWARA RAO M PDF 16943 38.99%
3 . K. SRINIVASA RAO M IND 1834 4.22%
ELECTORS : 57461 VOTERS : 43457 POLL PERCENTAGE : 75.63% VALID VOTES 43457
'"
"'1962
Constituency 285 VEMSOOR
1 . JALAGAM VENGALA RAO M INC 36436 64.78%
2 . VATTIKONDA NAGESWARA RAO M CPI 17853 31.74%
3 . PORANKI VENKATRAJU M IND 1960 3.48%
ELECTORS : 67732 VOTERS : 57794 POLL PERCENTAGE : 85.33% VALID VOTES 56249
1967
Constituency : 271 VEMSOOR
1. JALAGAM VENGALA RAO M INC 37595 70.66%
2. MORAMPUDI VENKAIAH M IND 13220 24.85%
3. P. V. RAJU M IND 2391 4.49%
ELECTORS : 69466 VOTERS : 55617 POLL PERCENTAGE : 80.06% VALID VOTES : 53206
'"1972
Constituency : 271. VEMSOOR"'
1. JALAGAM VENGALA RAO M INC 47173 80.24%
2. RAVI VEERA VENKAIAH M IND 9101 15.48%
3. P. V. RAJU M IND 2518 4.28%
ELECTORS : 85233 VOTERS : 60378 POLL PERCENTAGE : 70.84% VALID VOTES : 58792 
Villages.
The villages in Vemsoor mandal include:

</doc>
<doc id="31209603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209603" title="Translation and Literature">
Translation and Literature

Translation and Literature is an academic journal of English literature in its foreign relations. Articles and notes have included: Surrey and Marot, Livy and Jacobean drama, Virgil in "Paradise Lost", Pope’s "Horace", Fielding on translation, Browning’s "Agamemnon", and Brecht in English. The journal's remit includes responses to other literatures in the work of English writers, including reception of classical texts; historical and contemporary translation of works in modern languages; history and theory of literary translation, adaptation, and imitation.
The journal was established in 1992 with Stuart Gillespie (University of Glasgow) as editor-in-chief.

</doc>
<doc id="31209604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209604" title="List of compositions by Nino Rota">
List of compositions by Nino Rota

This is a list of compositions by the Italian composer Nino Rota (1911–1979).
Film scores.
Rota composed music for more than 170 films including "The Godfather Parts I and II" and Franco Zeffirelli's "Romeo and Juliet".

</doc>
<doc id="31209605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209605" title="Carposina epomiana">
Carposina epomiana

Carposina epomiana is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 17 mm. The head and thorax are white, irrorated with light grey. The abdomen and legs are ochreous-whitish. The forewings are elongate, narrow, oblong, the costa moderately arched, the apex round-pointed, the hindmargin slightly sinuate. They are very pale grey, irrorated with white towards the costa and hindmargin, and with scattered dark fuscous scales, a blackish elongate spot along the costa at the base and a blackish dot above the inner margin near the base. There are six small fuscous spots on the costa. The discal and posterior tufts are also preceded by small obscure fuscous spots. The hindwings and cilia are grey-whitish.

</doc>
<doc id="31209617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209617" title="Chiayi Bus Rapid Transit">
Chiayi Bus Rapid Transit

Chiayi Bus Rapid Transit () is a limited-stop express bus service operating in Taiwan, linking Chiayi High Speed Rail Station and downtown Chiayi City. It uses exclusive bus lanes and GPS-controlled traffic lights to aid a speedy transfer between stations.

</doc>
<doc id="31209624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209624" title="Pattern grammar">
Pattern grammar

Pattern Grammar is a model for describing the syntactic environments of individual lexical items, derived from studying their occurrences in authentic linguistic corpora. It was developed by Hunston, Francis, and Manning as part of the COBUILD project.
Each word has a set of patterns assigned to it which describe typical contexts in which they are used. Often these are separate for different word senses.
Pattern Notation.
Patterns are given as sequence of lower-case grammatical elements, with the central element of the pattern in upper case. The elements are either labels for grammatical categories ('v' for verb, 'n' for noun group, 'prep' for preposition) or actual lexical items (for example specific prepositions).
Examples: SKIM.
The word "skim" includes the following patterns in the COBUILD dictionary:
V n "off"/"from" n.
"Skim" is a verb, and as the pattern describes its behaviour it is in upper case. The verb is then followed by a noun group, a preposition (either "off" or "from") and a second noun group. This pattern applies for example to "She skimmed the cream "off" the milk". The choice of preposition is limited to those two options, which is why they are specified directly instead of using the broader category 'prep'.
V n.
This pattern describes the use of "skim" in "...re-surface all the walls by skimming the surface smooth ready for painting..."
V "over"/"across" n.
"I was wondering if someone who speaks French could skim over it for me and correct it."
V "through" n.
"Have a skim "through" our step-by-step guide and find out why"

</doc>
<doc id="31209627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209627" title="The Swan (newspaper)">
The Swan (newspaper)

The Swan is a weekly student-managed newspaper for members of St Hugh's College, Oxford. The current editors are Chlöe Hopkins, Patrick Beardmore and Nicholas Dixon. The previous editors are Holly Burton & Conor Newnham and Matthew Scroggs (who founded the paper in 2010). The full archive is available online and copies are posted to undergraduates in the College Lodge during the early morning on Mondays. Alongside news about St Hugh's, regular features include a crossword, "State of the Union" column and a weekly calendar of events.

</doc>
<doc id="31209630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209630" title="Emperatriz">
Emperatriz

Emperatriz is a Mexican telenovela produced by Fides Velasco for Azteca. It stars Gabriela Spanic as the title character, while Bernie Paz as the male lead. Other casts include Sergio de Bustamante, Julieta Egurrola, Adriana Louvier, Marimar Vega, Miriam Higareda, Alberto Guerra, Rafael Sanchez Navarro and Carmen Delgado. Omar Fierro made special appearance in the first five episodes, and later returns in the final part of the series.
The filmig process took place between 17 March 2011 - 30 September 2011. The series premiered on 5 April 2011, 19 days after filming the first scene, at 8:30pm, occupying "Prófugas del Destino"'s slot, and ended on 8 November 2011. Emperatriz is alsow know as most selling telenovela of 2011.
Synopsis.
Emperatriz (Gabriela Spanic) is an ex-con that has a relationship with Armando (Omar Fierro) who's a married man. Under false pretenses Emperatriz believed he truly love her but later discovered he was married. They had a daughter together but her mother persuaded to leave it with Armando and his wife while she is still in prison. Years later, after Armando's latest visit Emperatriz got pregnant, but have an abortion provoked by a discussion over the phone with Armando. While in the hospital she discovers that Armando betrayed her, he only manipulated her and he developed an scheme where Emperatriz will go to jail for the bank fraud he committed. Manuel (Rafael Sanchez Navarro) tells her to marry him in exchange of evidence he has against Armando.
At her mother's advice, Emperatriz gave her daughter away to Armando and his wife Alma Rosa, the daughter of Justo del Real (Sergio de Bustamante), the owner of the company del Real. Armando has 2 more daughters with Alma Rosa: Elisa and Elena. Emperatriz confronts Alma Rosa to find out who of the 3 girls is her daughter but during the confrontation Alma Rosa dies. Justo wants to take revenge on Emperatriz because of this. 
Emperatriz's best friend Angela "Quimera" Galvan (Niurka Marcos) and Manuel set her up and Emperatriz spends 7 years in prison for a fraud she didn't commit. Both Emperatriz and Quimera fell in love with Armando during their youth. Quimera had a miscarriage because she fell down the stairs and she blames her son Nico for the accident. Quimera owns a nightclub. 
Emperatriz returns from prison. She divorced Manuel. She searches for her daughter with Armando: she turns out to be Esther (Adriana Louvier). Both Emperatriz and Esther fall in love with Alejandro Miranda (Bernie Paz). Armando is presumed dead.
Justo turns out to be Emperatriz's father. Justo shoots Alejandro in the head and he suffers from memory loss.
It turns out that Armando is alive and that he had been kept hidden and imprisoned by Justo in cell, in a warehouse. Armando escapes. Alejandro and Emperatriz discover Justo but they keep him locked in the same warehouse. Manuel burries Justo alive and then goes away. Armando witnesses it but he doesn't save Justo. Perfecta dies.
After a turn of events Esther falls in love with Nico, Quimera and Manuel's son. Emperatriz witnesses Alejandro and Quimera kissing. She has a car accident and gets blind. Afterwards she recovers.
Quimera wants to shoot Emperatriz but Esther protects her and is shot in the back. Afterwards, at her club, she and some bodyguards fire towards Emperatriz, Alejandro and some cops, while trying to escape. Quimera reveals Emperatriz that it was Manuel and she who set her up for fraud and that they sent her in prison years before. She also tells her she did it because she always took everything away from her, for example Armando. Quimera asks Manuel on the phone to release her from prison otherwise she will testify against him to the police. A man shoots Quimera as she was testifying against Manuel at his order. Armando testifies against Manuel. Nico also wants to send into prison.
Emperatriz becomes the main shareholder of del Real Company. She tells Manuel to get out of the company. Afterwards, at del Real Company, Manuel threatens Emperatriz with a knife but Alejandro saves her. The police arrives to capture Manuel. He sets the basement on fire and escapes with the help of an ambulance.
At his house, Manuel drugs Emperatriz and then buries her alive, saying she did everything for her, that he loves her. Alejandro and a detective save her. The police arrives. Manuel jumps off his house. 
Alejandro and Emperatriz get married. 3 years later, the main characters are shown at a party: Alejandro and Emperatriz have twins (a boy and a girl), Nico and Esther are waiting for a baby, Elisa and her husband, Estela and her husband Gonzalo have a boy.
Finale.
Shortly after the grand final epidode ended, "Emperatriz" quickly became a trending topic (Mexico) in Twitter. In 30 minutes time, it reached the forth spot, from the eighth.
The final rating was 15.1
"Emperatriz de mis sueños".
Copyright Azteca Musica 2011
Other songs.
The solo version of Franco De Vita's "Tan Sólo Tú" was used as the love theme for Elisa and Mauricio.

</doc>
<doc id="31209632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209632" title="Kings of Chaos (online game)">
Kings of Chaos (online game)

Kings of Chaos is a massively multiplayer online browser-based strategy game developed by Kings of Chaos, LLC.
Game.
"Kings of Chaos" is a strategy game; the player controls an army of their race. In the game, players can purchase different items, train troops, form alliances and recruit new players.
Each new game in "Kings of Chaos" is called an "Age". At the end of each Age, a new one starts: all player information is refreshed and the game starts again from the beginning. Ages usually last for approximately 10-12 months, with some ages lasting longer than 1 year. "Kings of Chaos" is in the 17th Age as of July 2013.
Players and races.
"Kings of Chaos" has 2,456 active players as of January 8, 2014. Players are divided into 5 races; a table showing the racial demographics of "Kings of Chaos" is shown below.
Objectives.
The goal of the game is to have the best stats at the end of the age. The player having the best overall stats wins the age. For example if a player has 1, 1, 1, 1 (SA, DA, Spy, Sentry) he/she undisputedly wins the age. If it is 2, 1, 2, 1 (SA, DA, Spy, Sentry) then the player with the lowest total—here the total is 6(2+1+2+1)—wins the age.
Each player gets a turn-based gold (TBG) of 1 gold for a soldier and 1 gold for every ten spy or sentry units. Mercenaries don't produce turn based gold. Also there is a unique Recruit link that each player can click 5 time every 24 hours to gain soldiers. There is also a recruiter in which one can click others' link so that the morale of one's army increases. Depending on the morale our recruit link gets clicked.
The basic strategy is to have the biggest army possible to get the maximum TBG and invest the gold to get the best stats.
Players who share a common goal may form alliances with other players and co-ordinate actions with allies.

</doc>
<doc id="31209636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209636" title="Erigeron decumbens">
Erigeron decumbens

Erigeron decumbens is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Willamette fleabane. It is native to Oregon and California in the United States.
The taxonomy of the plant varies by author. It may be treated as a species with two varieties, the Californian variety var. "robustior" and the rare and endangered Oregon variety, var. "decumbens". Alternately, the rare var. "decumbens" may be the only variety included within the species description and so named "Erigeron decumbens", with var. "robusta" separated and named "Erigeron robusta".
The Oregon plant, var. "decumbens" or alternately "Erigeron decumbens", is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. There are 28 occurrences growing in increasingly rare prairie habitat in the Willamette Valley.
The plant is a perennial herb growing up to about half a meter long, and erect or decumbent in form. The Oregon plant is colonial with a branching caudex sending up several stems. The inflorescence may contain many flower heads with white or blue-tinged ray florets that may dry pinkish. The California plant is not colonial and the caudex branches little or not at all. The inflorescence contains no more than 3 heads. The florets are white or pink-tinged.

</doc>
<doc id="31209658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209658" title="Carposina eriphylla">
Carposina eriphylla

Carposina eriphylla is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 26 mm. The head and thorax are whitish-greenish and the shoulders 
olive-greenish. The palpi are whitish-greenish and the antennae are greyish-ochreous. The abdomen is pale whitish-ochreous and the legs dark fuscous. The forewings are elongate, 
posteriorly slightly dilated, the costa gently arched, the apex obtuse and the hindmargin straight. They are pale greenish, irregularly irrorated with white, especially towards the hindmargin. There are about eight small black spots on the costa. The hindwings and cilia are whitish.
The larvae are thought to facilitate the development of rot in beech trees by keeping wounds open to the air.

</doc>
<doc id="31209668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209668" title="Sve Same Barabe">
Sve Same Barabe

Sve Same Barabe (English: "nothing but bastards") is the only studio album by the Serbian hip-hop group, 43zla (Bdat Džutim, Ajs Nigrutin, Mikri Maus, Eufrat and Bvana). It is one of the most popular hip hop albums in Serbia, Balkan region and Slovenia, because of the list of guests, including their young proteges Blind Business and Kibu, and the others such as Wikluh Sky, Škabo and Who See. 
43zla was one album project which involves all the most popular hip hop MCs and bands from Serbia, such as Bad Copy, Beogradski Sindikat and Prti Bee Gee

</doc>
<doc id="31209671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209671" title="John Fitzjames (MP)">
John Fitzjames (MP)

Sir John Fitzjames (31 December 161921 June 1670) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1670.
He was the son of Leweston Fitzjames of Leweston, Dorset and matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford, on 4 March 1636, aged 16. He was the brother of Thomas Fitzjames and Henry Fitzjames. He succeeded his father to the Leweston estate in 1638.
He was a Parliamentarian Colonel of horse in 1644–46, during the Civil War. He was appointed High Sheriff of Dorset for 1645–46 and was a Justice of the Peace for Dorset from 1648 to 1652 and from 1656 to his death. 
In 1654 he was elected Member of Parliament for Dorset in the First Protectorate Parliament and was re-elected MP for Dorset in 1656 for the Second Protectorate Parliament. In 1659, he was elected MP for Poole in the Third Protectorate Parliament until his election was declared void on 23 March. 
In April 1660 Fitzjames was elected MP for Dorset in the Convention Parliament. He was knighted on 9 July 1660. In 1661 he was re-elected MP for Poole in the Cavalier Parliament and sat until his death in 1670.
Fitzjames was buried at Long Burton on 23 June 1670. He had married Margaret, the daughter of Nathaniel Stephens of Eastington, Gloucestershire, with whom he had 2 sons (who both predeceased him) and 5 daughters. The Leweston estate was divided between his daughters, but reconsolidated by Sir George Strode, one of Fitzjames' sons-in-law.

</doc>
<doc id="31209678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209678" title="Bettendorf Castle">
Bettendorf Castle

Bettendorf Castle () is located in the village of Bettendorf in eastern Luxembourg. While there appears to have been a castle from the 13th century, today's Baroque building dates from 1728 and was restored in 1962. The castle is privately owned and cannot be visited.

</doc>
<doc id="31209681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209681" title="List of film scores by Nino Rota">
List of film scores by Nino Rota

This a list of 171 film scores by the Italian composer Nino Rota (1911–1979). The films are categorized by release date, the original title, English title, alternate title (other language, regional, theatrical or DVD title), and film director.

</doc>
<doc id="31209695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209695" title="Carposina exochana">
Carposina exochana

Carposina exochana is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 21 mm. The head and thorax are ochreous-white. The antennae, abdomen and legs are ochreous-whitish, the anterior legs suffused with dark fuscous. The pale whitish-ochreous forewings are elongate, scarcely dilated, the costa moderately arched, the apex round-pointed, the hindmargin faintly sinuate and rather strongly oblique. There are about ten small irregular scattered black dots in the disc and a subterminal series of irregular cloudy black dots, obsolete towards the costa and inner margin. The hindwings and cilia are ochreous-whitish.

</doc>
<doc id="31209718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209718" title="Siapa Dia Sebelum Daku">
Siapa Dia Sebelum Daku

The first duet studio album by Francissca Peter & Royston Sta Maria released in 1982. 

</doc>
<doc id="31209728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209728" title="Michael Wright (Australian footballer)">
Michael Wright (Australian footballer)

Michael Wright (born 6 October 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Wright was versatile key position player, recruited from Oakleigh Districts, the same club his brother Stephen started out at. Their father Jack holds the most games played record with the Box Hill Football Club.
He first played in the 1978 VFL season and in his second game, against Fitzroy at Junction Oval, he kicked five behinds, but only one goal. Despite starting as a forward he was often as a full-back by South Melbourne and he had his most productive season in 1979 with 17 appearances. He played some good football from centre half-forward in 1980 and in a win over Footscray took nine marks and had 21 disposals.
In 1981 he was involved in a three-way trade, which resulted in him joining SANFL club Central District. North Melbourne player Maurice Boyse was Wright's replacement and North received Peter Jonas from Central District.
As a forward, he was a regular fixture in the Central District team but after a pay dispute in 1984 left the club for North Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="31209737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209737" title="Nhttpd">
Nhttpd

del claims supported at most by ddd
nhttpd is an open source web server, also known as the Nostromo web server, designed by Marcus Glocker. It runs as a single process, and handles normal concurrent connections by select calls, but for efficiency during more demanding connections such as directory listings and CGI execution it forks. It supports HTTP/1.1 and CGI/1.1, Basic access authentication, SSL, IPv6, custom responses, aliases and virtual hosts. Security measures include running setuid and chrooting. Public access is controlled using the world readable flags and CGI execution by the world executable flags of the file system permissions.

</doc>
<doc id="31209760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209760" title="George Cooke (engraver)">
George Cooke (engraver)

George Cooke (22 January 1781 - 27 February 1834), was an English line engraver.
Life and work.
Cooke was born in London in 1781. His father was a native of Frankfurt, Germany, who in early life settled in England and became a wholesale confectioner. At the age of fourteen, George Cooke was apprenticed to James Basire (1730-1802). Around the end of his apprenticeship he engraved many plates for Brewer's "Beauties of England and Wales", some in conjunction with his elder brother, William Bernard Cooke. 
Afterwards, he produced engravings for Pinkerton's 16-volume ""Collection of Voyages and Travels"", during which his brother William made plans for the first edition of ""The Thames"", to which George Cooke contributed two plates. This work was followed by ""Picturesque Views on the Southern Coast of England"", from drawings made principally by Turner. It was commenced in 1814 and completed in 1826, and George Cooke engraved fifteen plates, nearly one-third of the total, and some vignettes. Next appeared an improved edition of "The Thames", for which he engraved the 'Launch of the Nelson' and the 'Fair on the Thames,' after Luke Clennell, and the 'Opening of Waterloo Bridge,' after Philip Reinagle. 
Between 1817 and 1833 he produced, in connection with Loddiges of Hackney, London a number of plates for the ""Botanical Cabinet"",' and about the same time he engraved some of the plates, after Turner, for Hakewill's ""Picturesque Tour of Italy"", 1820, and Sir Walter Scott's ""Provincial Antiquities and Picturesque Scenery of Scotland"", 1826, in which latter work should be especially noted "Edinburgh from the Calton Hill". To these were added plates for Thomas Allason's ""Antiquities of Pola"", 1819, John Spencer-Stanhope's ""Olympia"", (pub. Rodwell and Martin, 1824), and D'Oyly and Mant's ""Bible"", as well as some of those for John Hughes' ""Views in the South of France, chiefly on the Rhone"", after Peter De Wint. 
Besides these he engraved a few plates for the publications of the Dilettanti Society, and for the ""Ancient Marbles in the British Museum"", and the ""Ancient Terracottas"" in the same collection, and single plates after Turner of a "View of Gledhow" for Whitaker's ""Loidis and Elmete"", and "Wentworth House" for Thomas Dunham Whitaker's ""History of Richmondshire"". He also engraved the "Iron Bridge at Sunderland", from an outline by Edward Blore; for Surtees's ""History of Durham""; and the "Monument of Sir Francis Bacon" in St Michael's Church, St Albans, for Robert Clutterbuck's ""History of Hertfordshire"". 
In 1825, he finished his fine engraving of "Rotterdam", from Augustus Wall Callcott's picture belonging to the Earl of Essex, and shortly afterwards issued a prospectus announcing a series of plates from Callcott's works, of which two, "Antwerp" and "Dover", were begun and considerably advanced when vexation at the loss of the proceeds of his 'Rotterdam,'caused by the failure of his agent, led to their abandonment. 
He then began, in 1826, the ""Views in London and its Vicinity"", engraved from drawings by Callcott, Stanfield, Roberts, Prout, Stark, Harding, Cotman, and Havell, ending with the twelfth issue just before his death. 
In 1833, he produced ""Views of the Old and New London Bridges"", executed conjointly with his son, Edward William Cooke, who also made the drawings. He also produced plates for Frederick Nash's ""Views in Paris"",' Colonel Batty's ""Views of European Cities"", Baron Taylor's ""Spain"" (pub. Robert Jennings), Rhodes's ""Peak Scenery"" and ""Yorkshire Scenery"", several for Stark's ""Scenery of the Rivers of Norfolk"", and one of "Southampton", after Copley Fielding, for the ""Gallery of the Society of Painters in Water Colours"". 
Cooke was one of the original members of the "Society of Associated Engravers", who joined together for the purpose of engraving the pictures in the National Gallery, and two of his plates were in preparation at the time of his death. He likewise attempted engraving in mezzotint, and in that style executed a plate of 'Arundel Castle,' after Turner; but it was not a success, and was never published. 
Cooke died of "brain fever" on 27th February 1834 at Barnes, where he was buried.

</doc>
<doc id="31209781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209781" title="Blessed (Lucinda Williams album)">
Blessed (Lucinda Williams album)

Blessed is the tenth studio album by Lucinda Williams, her eleventh album overall. It was released in 2011 on Lost Highway Records and includes guest appearances by Elvis Costello and Matthew Sweet.
"Buttercup" was released to radio and digital outlets as the first single.
The album debuted at number 15 on the Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="31209783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209783" title="University on the Square">
University on the Square

The University on the Square: Documenting Egypt's 21st Century Revolution is a documentation project by the American University in Cairo (AUC) to collect web content, videos, photographs, personal accounts, oral histories and memorabilia related to the Egyptian Revolution of 2011. The project's objective is to increase public awareness of the Egyptian Revolution and preserve the events of January 25. The memorablia, oral history, photograph, and video collections are composed of AUC community submitted media that are attributed under the Creative Commons Attribution license. Students and faculty may also record testimonials and share their experiences in the revolution. The University on the Square: Documenting Egypt's 21st Century Revolution project is supported by a grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation.
Memorabilia.
The project collects memorabilia related to the revolution and provides online photographs of the objects.
Oral Histories.
Students and faculty may provide recorded testimonials of the events as they are related to their lives. AUC professor Kim Fox who is in charge of collecting the oral history comments saying: "Historically, oral histories have been important in adding texture to events and issues. We hope to do the same by adding to AUC's oral history archives with AUCians experiences with the Egyptian revolution".
Photographs.
Users submit photographs through the online submission page. The photographs are reviewed, documented, then put on display on the project's website.
Video Recordings.
AUC community members who have video recordings captured through their phones or digital cameras can upload these videos to the website.
Web Archive.
The project also created a Web Archive of websites related to the Egyptian revolution using the Archive-It web archiving tool. Archived news pages include Al Jazeera, Daily News Egypt, BBC, CNN, MSNBC and Newsweek. To preserve the personal accounts of the revolution some Twitter pages and blogs are also preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="31209799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209799" title="Bersama Pertemuan Ini">
Bersama Pertemuan Ini

The second duet studio album by Francissca Peter & Royston Sta Maria released in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="31209820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209820" title="Carposina gonosemana">
Carposina gonosemana

Carposina gonosemana is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is 17–19 mm. The head and thorax are white. The forewings are narrow, the costa gently arched, somewhat bent before the middle and the hindmargin straight. They are white with scattered grey scales. There is a short thick black streak running along the base of the costa, followed by a black dot. The hindwings and cilia are whitish.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on seeds and fruit of "Griselinia lucida".

</doc>
<doc id="31209828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209828" title="Erigeron rhizomatus">
Erigeron rhizomatus

Erigeron rhizomatus is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Zuni fleabane and rhizome fleabane. It is native to western New Mexico and eastern Arizona in the United States. It is a federally listed threatened species.
The plant was thought to be a New Mexico endemic until 1999, when some plants were found over the border in Arizona. These are located in the Chuska Mountains in the Navajo Nation, and they occur in 15 populations that make up one metapopulation. The two previously known metapopulations in New Mexico are composed of 24 populations in the Zuni, Datil, and Sawtooth Mountains. These three metapopulations are geographically isolated from each other but are still similar in morphology.
Characteristics.
This is a perennial herb with a rhizome and large network of clumped, fibrous roots topped with a branching caudex. It produces one or more erect, rough-haired stems up to about 45 centimeters in maximum height. The leaves are lance-shaped near the base of the plant and much narrower and linear in shape toward the top of the stem. The inflorescence is usually a single flower head at the end of the stem which is lined with white or purple-tinged ray florets each under a centimeter long.
Habitat.
This plant grows in selenium-rich sandstone substrates that originate in the Baca and Chinle Formations. It occurs in barren outcrops of eroding red or grayish rock that may have slopes of up to 40 degrees. Nearby plants include four-wing saltbush ("Atriplex canescens"), mountain mahogany ("Cercocarpus montanus"), rubber rabbitbrush ("Ericameria nauseosa"), oneseed juniper ("Juniperus monosperma"), Colorado pinyon ("Pinus edulis"), and Gambel oak ("Quercus gambelii").
Endangered status.
When the plant was listed for federal protection it was potentially threatened by uranium mining activity in its habitat. There is probably still uranium in the area, as evidenced by large amounts of selenium in the soil, which often occurs with uranium. If the value of uranium increases and it becomes a target for mining, the activity could threaten the plant's habitat. One population of the plant also occurs in an area with potential for oil exploration activity. These are the only significant threats to the species at this time, but since it is a rare regional endemic known from specific habitat types it will stay on the endangered species list for the time being.

</doc>
<doc id="31209833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209833" title="Galgotias Business School">
Galgotias Business School

Galgotias Business School (GBS) is a PGDM institution located in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India.
History.
The institution was established by the Mr. Suneel Galgotia the Chairman of Galgotias Educational Institutions. Galgotias Business School is providing education in management courses.
Facilities.
GBS library has more than 750 titles, 3000 text and reference books, 45 national and international journals.
Courses.
Post Graduate Diploma in Management (Marketing)-Full Time: AICTE Approved 2 year full time Post Graduate Diploma in Management (Marketing)
Post Graduate Diploma in Management -Full Time: Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt of India, New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="31209840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209840" title="Russell-Cooke Solicitors">
Russell-Cooke Solicitors

Russell Cooke LLP is a UK Top-100 law firm based in Putney, United Kingdom. The firm advises on a broad mix of commercial, not for profit, regulatory and private clients.Since its establishment in 1880 the firm has grown in size and now has 46 partners and 150 solicitors. The firm has a core client base of more than 12,000 and an annual turnover of £22.5 million. John Gould is the Firm’s senior partner and has led the firm’s senior management for more than twenty years.
History.
Russell-Cooke was founded in London in 1880 by William Russell-Cooke and Sir Henry Paget-Cooke.
In the 1890s the firm moved into Old Square, Lincoln’s Inn, where clients included the Liberal Party and members of the Royal Family.
Following the Second World War, Russell-Cooke struggled to re-establish its practice and became closely aligned with suburban firm Sloper, Potter & Chapman, based at 2 Putney Hill. The two firms eventually merged in 1958 to form Russell-Cooke Potter & Chapman, with Edward Chapman as senior partner.
During the 1960s and 1970s Russell-Cooke Potter and Chapman expanded rapidly, developing a large commercial property department and attracted a number of famous clients from the pop and entertainment world. Edward Chapman’s son Lewin became senior partner.
A new office in Kingston-upon-Thames was opened in the early 1990s which is now located on the river next to Kingston Bridge. After 100 years occupying the upper two floors of 2 Putney Hill, the firm took over the ground floor from the National Westminster Bank. Further growth during the nineties saw the Central London contingent move from Old Square into grade 2 listed buildings at 8 Bedford Row. In Putney, the firm later expanded into a nearby office block.
In 2000 Russell-Cooke Potter and Chapman merged with Putney based firm Evill & Coleman’s Commercial Property, Private Client and Commercial departments.
The firm shortened its name to Russell-Cooke in 2001, the first name change in over forty years.
In 2003 Russell-Cooke merged with charity law specialists Sinclair Taylor & Martin, one of the leading charity law practices in the country. The merger saw the firm take on over 600 charity clients. A further merger, with Evill and Coleman’s PI and Clinical Negligence Department in 2005 followed. In 2005 the firm celebrated its 125th anniversary and in May 2007 the firm converted to a limited liability practice, Russell-Cooke LLP.
Russell-Cooke is now a Top-100 Law Firm with 46 partners and over 230 solicitors and support staff.
Main Practice Areas.
Russell-Cooke LLP is currently ranked by the Legal 500 in 12 categories and by Chambers in 10 categories.
Offices.
Russell-Cooke's headquarters is located in Putney (SW15), it also has an office in London (Bedford Row WC1R) and another Kingston-upon-Thames.

</doc>
<doc id="31209850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209850" title="Sanjak of Albania">
Sanjak of Albania

The Sanjak of Albania (also known as the Albanian Sancak, or simply Arvanid;), was a sanjak of the Ottoman Empire from 1385–1466, a subdivision of the Rumelia Eyalet. Its territory stretched between Mat River on the north and Kalamas river to the south. 
Background.
During the 14th century, Ottoman rule began to extend over the Eastern Mediterranean and the Balkans. The division of the Albania into small, quarreling fiefdoms ruled by independent feudal lords and tribal chiefs made them easy prey for the Ottoman armies. In 1385, the ruler of Durrës, Karl Thopia, appealed to the sultan for support against his rivals, the Balšić family. An Ottoman force quickly marched into Albania along the Via Egnatia and routed Balša II in the Battle of Savra. The principal Albanian clans soon swore fealty to the Ottoman Empire. The Ottomans allowed conquered Albanian clan chiefs to maintain their positions and property, but they had to pay tribute, send their sons to the Ottoman court as hostages, and provide the Ottoman army with auxiliary troops.
Sanjak.
The Sanjak of Albania was one of the first Ottoman Administrative units in the Balkans which included of most of the territory of both southern and central Albania. Its territory also included Krujë and its surrounding (together with the territory which today belongs to Tirana) which formed separate administrative unit within the Sanjak of Albania. Its name was Krujë Subaşilik because it was governed by subaşi. The Sanjak of Albania represents the first definition of Albania by the Ottoman empire as a territorial unit, linking the Albanian language to a specific territory.
The Sanjak of Albania was part of Rumelia Eyalet which consisted of all sanjaks of the Balkans. Shijak became part of Sanjak of Albania after 1400, while previously it was part of the timar of Skurrje. Gjirokastra became the county town of the Sanjak of Albania in 1419.
During the reign of Mehmed I (1413–21), Hadim Suleiman Pasha, who previously held the sanjak of Semendre, was appointed sanjakbey of the Sanjak of Albania. As contemporary sources attest his rule was brief as he was attacked and captured along with his retainers and servants and afterwards sold to a Catholic state (possibly Venice). When Albanian Revolt of 1432–1436 started the sanjakbey of the Sanjak of Albania was Ali Bey Evrenos-ogly.
In 1437, when Teodor Muzaka revolted against Ottoman Empire, a sanjakbey of the Sanjak of Albania was his son Jakub Bey. When in 1441 Përmet was annexed to the sanjak of Albania, Jakub Bey still held the position of sanjakbey.
Arvanid register.
In period 1431—1432 all rural and urban households and their property were registered in all ten districts of the sancak of Arvanid. The 1432 register shows that districts in the Sanjak of Albania were further divided on 335 timars, each composed by two or three villages. The Arvanid register is one of the earliest available land registers in Ottoman Empire's archives, and was published in 1954.
Administrative units.
The Sanjak of Albania was divided to the following smaller administrative units:
Albanian revolt of 1432—1436.
In 1432 Andrew Thopia and Gjergj Arianiti revolted against the empire. The uprising was finally suppressed during the campaigns of 1435 and 1436 led by Ali Beg (sanjakbey of the Sanjak of Albania) and Turakhan Beg.
Disestablishment.
The Sanjak of Albania was disestablished in 1466, after the construction of Elbasan Castle (July 1466). Its territory was then divided between newly established Ottoman Sanjak of Avlona and Elbasan.

</doc>
<doc id="31209855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209855" title="Serra Calderona">
Serra Calderona

Serra Calderona (, ), often referred to as La Calderona is a long mountain range in the Camp de Túria, Horta Nord and Alt Palància comarcas of the Valencian Community, between the provinces of Castelló and Valencia Spain.
This moderately high range is an eastern prolongation of the Sierra de Javalambre. Its highest point is El Gorgo (907 m). Other important summits are "Muntanya del Garbí" (600 m) and "El Puntal de l' Abella" (635 m).
The range was formerly known as "Monts de Porta Coeli", after the Carthusian Monastery of Porta Coeli located in the mountains. The name Calderona originated in the seventeenth century when a woman known as María Calderón "La Calderona", one of the favourite mistresses of King Philip IV of Spain, hid in these mountains among the highwaymen.
Olive oil Protected Designation of Origin (PDO).
Together with Serra d'Espadà, a parallel range only 25 km to the north, the Serra Calderona constitutes a defined ecoregion in the foothills of the Iberian System that are closest to the Mediterranean Sea coast. In many areas of the mountainsides olive trees are grown. Their olives produce excellent oil that has been awarded Protected Designation of Origin (PDO) and has been included by the global slow food movement in the Ark of Taste international catalogue of heritage foods in danger of extinction. This oil is marketed as "Aceite de las Sierras Espadán y Calderona" ().
Natural Park.
There are numerous caves in these mountains, as well as deep river gorges. Formerly these mountains were a fearful place for travellers, for they were haunted by bandits or highwaymen, known locally as "roders". The Natural Park of the Calderona Range is located in the Serra Calderona. Within this well-kept park there are numerous marked paths for hikers.

</doc>
<doc id="31209861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209861" title="SreeRamsagar project reservoir">
SreeRamsagar project reservoir

SreeRamsagar project reservoir was established by the first prime minister of India Jawaharlal Nehru, on Godhavari river at Pochampadu in Nizamabad district.

</doc>
<doc id="31209862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209862" title="Chandrugonda">
Chandrugonda

Chandrugonda () is a Village and Mandal in Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Chandrugonda mandal are as follows:
Villages.
There are 20 villages in this mandal and The villages in Chandrugonda mandal includes: Abbugudem, Annapureddipalli,Ayyannapalem.Bendalapadu,Balikunta,
Chandrugonda, Dameracherla, Ganugapadu, Gumpena, Gurraigudem, Maddukuru, Marrigudem, Narsapuram, Peddireddigudem(Yerragunta), Pentlam, Pokalagudem, Ravikampadu, Thungaram, Tippanapalli and Vootupalli

</doc>
<doc id="31209881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209881" title="Fountain of Calvo">
Fountain of Calvo

The Fountain of Calvo () is a public/communal fountain and lavoir in the civil parish of Almalaguês, municipality of Coimbra that has existed for over than 100 years, and integral to the history and culture of the community.
The inhabitants of Almalaguês have systematically restored the fountain and lavoir historically, owing to its reputation for water quality. It has been the centre of the community since the regions formation, its waters used for domestic consumption (drinking and cooking), bathing and as a source of waters for communal clothes washing. Owing to the lack of piped water, this fountain provided all consumable water for the community. Transporting of water was usually completed using clay jars, used by many of the residents, and only replaced in the 20th century by the typical plastic bottles.
The fountain was also the destination of pilgrimages, including a legendary trip on Sunday Mass, where young people took the opportunity to "date". Its centre of community life also allow the congregation of many of residents at the fountain, resulting in many relationships, leading to several marriages.

</doc>
<doc id="31209882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209882" title="Jack Mogale">
Jack Mogale

Jack Mogale (born 1968/9) dubbed the West-End serial killer by police is a South African serial killer who killed 16 people in 2008 and 2009. On 17 February 2011, Mogale was convicted on 52 of 61 charges related to 16 murders, 19 rapes and nine kidnappings.
Mogale committed his crimes near his residence in Westonaria and Lenasia south of Johannesburg. Two women who survived being attacked by him testified at trial that he claimed to be a Zion Christian Church (ZCC) preacher and a prophet.

</doc>
<doc id="31209884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209884" title="James Craig (loyalist)">
James Craig (loyalist)

James Pratt "Jim" Craig (c. 1941 – 15 October 1988) was a Northern Irish loyalist, who served as a fund-raiser for the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) and sat on its Inner Council. He also ran a large protection racket from west Belfast's Shankill Road area, where he lived. Described by journalist David McKittrick as "Belfast's foremost paramilitary extortionist", Craig also allegedly colluded with republican organisations such as the Provisional IRA and Irish National Liberation Army (INLA), providing them with information on key loyalists, leading to their assassinations. Besides controlling rackets and extorting protection money from a variety of businesses, it was claimed that he participated in killings.
He was accused by the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) of setting up the assassinations of their key members by IRA hit squads, such as Shankill Butcher Lenny Murphy, John Bingham, and William "Frenchie" Marchant in the 1980s. Craig was killed by the UDA, using their cover name of the "Ulster Freedom Fighters" (UFF), for alleged "treason" as it was suggested he had passed on information to the IRA regarding South Belfast UDA brigadier John McMichael, who was blown up in an IRA booby-trap car bomb in December 1987. Craig was shot dead in "The Castle Inn", a pub in Beersbridge Road, east Belfast. An elderly pensioner was also killed after getting hit by stray gunfire.
Ulster Defence Association.
Beginnings.
James Pratt Craig, also known by his nickname, "Jim", was born in Northern Ireland in about 1941 and grew up in the Shankill Road, west Belfast. He was raised in the Protestant religion. In the early 1970s, Craig, a former boxer, was sent to the Maze Prison for a criminal offence unrelated to paramilitary activities. While serving his sentence at the Maze he joined the UDA, and he was asked by the organisation's commander at the time, Charles Harding Smith to take control of the UDA prisoners inside, on account of his reputation as a "hard man"
Racketeering.
After his release in 1976, he set up his large protection racket and became the UDA's chief "fundraiser"; by 1985 he had managed to blackmail and extort money from a number of construction firms, building sites, as well as pubs, clubs, and shops in Belfast and elsewhere in Northern Ireland, whose intimidated owners paid protection money out of fear of Craig and his associates. It was alleged that the UDA received hundreds of thousands of pounds some of which also found their way inside Craig's pockets as part of his "commission". It was in that same year—1985—that he was brought before the court after a number of businessmen had decided to testify against him, with the condition that their identities remained hidden. The case against Craig fell apart when his defence said that concealment of the witnesses' identities violated Craig's rights.
Craig was alleged to have been involved in the double killing of a Catholic man and a Protestant man on the Shankill Road in 1977. The men, both work colleagues, had entered a loyalist club and were later stabbed, shot and put into a car which was set on fire.
By this time the West Belfast UDA no longer wanted him in their ranks, as they claimed they could no longer "afford him". Craig, who was ordered to leave the Shankill Road, went on to join forces with John McMichael's South Belfast Brigade. In addition to being the principal fundraiser, Craig also sat on the UDA's Inner Council. Craig usually travelled in the company of his bodyguard Arthur "Artie" Fee, a UDA member from the Shankill Road.
The rival UVF carried out an investigation after it was rumoured Craig had been involved in the death of UVF major William Marchant, who was gunned down by IRA gunmen from a passing car in the Shankill Road on 28 April 1987. Marchant was the third high-ranking UVF man to be killed by the IRA during the 1980s. Although their inquiries revealed that Craig had quarrelled with Marchant as well as Lenny Murphy and John Bingham prior to their killings, the UVF felt that there was not enough evidence to warrant an attack on such a powerful UDA figure as Craig.
In December 1987, when South Belfast UDA brigadier John McMichael was blown up by an IRA booby-trap car bomb outside his home in Lisburn's Hilden estate, it was believed that Craig had organised his death with the IRA. Allegedly Craig had feared McMichael was about to expose his racketeering business, thus putting an end to his lucrative operation. McMichael had reportedly set up an inquiry and discovered that Craig was spending money on a lavish scale, going on holidays at least twice a year and indulging in a "champagne lifestyle". At the same time it was suggested that Craig had made certain deals with republican paramilitary groups, dividing up the rackets in west Belfast, and he would have been doing the IRA a favour by helping them to eliminate a high-profile loyalist such as McMichael. Craig had established links with republicans during his time in prison, and the profitable deals and exchanges of information between them ensured that he would most likely never be a target for IRA assassination.
Craig was named as an extortionist in British Central Television's 1987 programme "The Cook Report". Craig planned to sue the programme's producers for libel; in January 1988, Jack Kielty (father of television presenter Patrick Kielty), a building contractor from County Down who had promised to testify as a key witness against Craig, was killed by the UFF. This killing was attributed to Craig, although it was never proved.
Shooting death.
James Craig was shot dead by two gunmen from the Ulster Freedom Fighters (UFF) in "The Castle Inn" (later called "The Bunch of Grapes"), a pub in Beersbridge Road, east Belfast on 15 October 1988, to where he had been lured in the belief that there was to have been a UDA meeting. He was playing pool in the pub at the time of his fatal shooting by the two men, both of whom were wearing boilersuits and ski masks and carrying automatic weapons. Upon spotting Craig they opened fire, spraying the room with gunfire. Craig died instantly; an elderly pensioner was also killed in the attack, and four others wounded. The UFF claimed the killing was carried out on account of Craig's "treason" and involvement in John McMichael's death as they knew he had provided the IRA with the information which enabled them to successfully carry out the assassination. They also apologised for the accidental death of the pensioner. Craig was not given a paramilitary-style funeral, nor did any of the leading UDA members attend it.
Andy Tyrie, the UDA's former supreme commander, was not convinced of Craig's complicity in McMichael's killing. In an interview with Peter Taylor, he stated that after McMichael's death, the UDA set up an inquiry, but couldn't find any solid proof which linked Craig to McMichael's assassination. Tyrie maintained that the two men had been good friends, and that Craig had even given McMichael the sum of £20,000 to keep the latter's pub ("The Admiral Benbow") from failing. Tyrie suggested that Craig was a suspect on account that his wife was Catholic. Tyrie insisted that John Hanna, a prison officer in the Maze, had supplied the IRA with information about McMichael through Rosena Brown, a Belfast actress and PIRA operative, with whom Hanna was infatuated. Brown was an Intelligence Officer of the IRA. McMichael's son, Gary, however, firmly believed Craig to have been the person behind his father's killing. Less than three months after McMichael's death, Tyrie himself narrowly escaped an attempt on his life by a car bomb; he subsequently tendered his resignation as commander.
Reputation.
According to journalist David McKittrick, Craig's "notoriety and range of enemies meant he could have been killed by almost any paramilitary group, loyalist or republican". Described as stocky of build, he wore expensive clothing and jewellery, and enjoyed a lavish lifestyle from the proceeds of his racketeering. Author and journalist Martin Dillon wrote that Craig was not intelligent; however, he was "cunning, boastful, and ruthless" in character.
There was also much antipathy between him and UDA brigadier Tommy "Tucker" Lyttle due to Craig having allegedly made Lyttle's daughter pregnant. Later it was revealed that Lyttle worked as an informer for the Royal Ulster Constabulary's Special Branch. Lyttle died of natural causes in October 1995.
Craig reportedly invited RUC officers to an extravagant wedding reception held for his daughter. Author Sally Belfrage who encountered Craig at an "Eleventh night" party held at the UDA's east Belfast headquarters, summed him up as "the most personally powerful man I had ever met, with an air of animal force that inspired awe at the idea of its ever being let loose. He was also as drunk as I had ever seen anyone in my life who could still more or less negotiate a sentence and a sequence of steps." She claimed Craig had propositioned her; when she rebuffed his advances he took it in his stride, and grabbing a microphone, went on to lead the other revellers in a rendition of "The Sash My Father Wore".
Dillon, in his book about the violent loyalist gang, the Shankill Butchers, recounted how Craig casually killed a man in a UDA club after a fellow UDA member handed him a jammed pistol. Craig, testing the weapon, allegedly pointed it at a man who was playing pool, and shot him in the head, killing him on the spot. Craig then gave orders for the man's body to be removed from the club and dumped in the adjacent alleyway. Dillon was also firmly convinced he had killed UDA commander William "Bucky" McCullough in October 1981 after the latter discovered Craig had been stealing funds from the UDA for his own personal use. The Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) had claimed responsibility for the killing.
Jackie McDonald, who was part of Craig's protection racket, was arrested in 1989. He had taken over McMichael's command of the South Belfast UDA, having been promoted to the rank of brigadier by Andy Tyrie in 1988. In January 1990, he was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment inside the Maze for extortion, blackmail, and intimidation. McDonald was released in 1994. In an interview with Peter Taylor, he made the following statement regarding his former association with Craig:"I would say without a shadow of doubt the worst thing that ever happened to South Belfast, John McMichael and myself especially, was that Jim Craig ever had anything to do with our organisation". One builder who later assisted the RUC when they set up an anti-racketeering unit, admitted that he had paid out protection money throughout the 1980s to Craig and his henchmen. The amount of money he handed over increased steadily with each passing year.
Dillon suggested that prior to Craig's killing, younger elements within the UDA, who were loyal supporters of McMichael, discovered (by means which Dillon did not divulge) that the RUC's anti-racketeering squad CI3 had videotaped a clandestine meeting between Craig and a member of the IRA's Northern Command. It was this which had sealed Craig's fate.

</doc>
<doc id="31209887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209887" title="Mike Buckna">
Mike Buckna

Mike Matthew Buckna (March 24, 1908–January 6, 1996) was a Canadian amateur ice hockey player and coach of Slovak origin. Between stints as a player with the Trail Smoke Eaters, he was instrumental in developing hockey in Czechoslovakia throughout the 1930s and 40s. He established the sport at the grassroots level while coaching the Czechoslovak national team to European and World Championship titles, as well as a silver medal at the 1948 Olympics.
Hockey career.
Buckna began his career with his hometown amateur team, the Trail Smoke Eaters, in 1932. During his rookie year, he helped the team to a Savage Cup championship as the top provincial senior hockey team in British Columbia. 
Two years later, he went overseas to Prague, Czechoslovakia, to visit his parents' homeland. After joining LTC Praha's hockey club as player and coach, he continued on in the same dual role with the Czechoslovak national team. Buckna led the country to back-to-back European titles in 1938 and 1939. He returned home due to the German occupation of Czechoslovakia as part of World War II.
Back in North America, he was offered a contract with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL) after a successful tryout, but declined. He resumed playing with the Smoke Eaters and led the club with 66 points in 1941–42.
In 1946, Buckna moved back to Prague and was given authority over Czechoslovakia's entire hockey system. At the grassroots level, he established a minor hockey system, organized hockey clinics and coached junior and senior teams throughout the country. He resumed his head coaching position with the national team, leading them to the country's first ever World Championship title in 1947. The following year, he earned his third European title. At the 1948 Olympics, the Czechoslovaks won a silver medal, losing only to Canada.
Buckna returned home from Czechoslovakia a second time shortly after the Olympics due to Soviet occupation and resumed playing for the Smoke Eaters. In his first year back, he won his Savage Cup with the team. After retiring as a player, he was offered a coaching position with the Canadian national team in 1956, but declined, going on to coach the Rossland Warriors and Junior Smoke Eaters instead.
Personal life.
Buckna was born in Trail, British Columbia to Slovak parents who emigrated to Canada from Podbiel, present-day Slovakia. He worked in his hometown with Cominco, a mining company, and in his family's hotel business. He met his wife, Aloisie Frolikova, a European champion tennis player, while playing and coaching hockey in Czechoslovakia; they were married in Prague on March 26, 1938. Buckna returned to Trail with Frolikova the following year. Following his retirement from hockey, he and his wife bought his family's hotel business, operating it until 1974. Two years later, his wife died on November 29, 1976. He continued to live in Trail until passing away on January 6, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31209894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209894" title="Sándor Arnóth">
Sándor Arnóth

Sándor Arnóth (22 February 196016 March 2011) was a Hungarian politician and member of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1998 and 2006, in 2008 and from 2010 until his death. He was also (since 2006) the mayor of his home town of Püspökladány, being re-elected in 2010. He was a member of Fidesz – Hungarian Civic Union. 
Arnóth died in a car accident on 16 March 2011 near the city of Bag.

</doc>
<doc id="31209899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209899" title="Justice (1971 TV series)">
Justice (1971 TV series)

Justice is a British drama television series which originally aired on ITV in 39 hour-long episodes between 8 August 1971 and 16 October 1974. Margaret Lockwood stars as Harriet Peterson a female barrister in the North of England. It was made by Yorkshire Television and was based loosely on "Justice Is a Woman", an episode of ITV Playhouse broadcast in 1969 in which Lockwood had previously also played a barrister. The theme music was "Crown Imperial" by William Walton.

</doc>
<doc id="31209906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209906" title="Wendy Haas">
Wendy Haas

Wendy Haas-Mull is an American vocalist and keyboardist best known for her work with the bands Santana and Azteca. She is the wife of actor/comedian Martin Mull.
Biography.
Growing up in the San Francisco area, Wendy Haas began a musical career in her mid-teens, playing bass, keyboards and singing. She worked with a number of local groups, eventually meeting original Santana drummer Michael Shrieve. Shrieve brought her to the attention of Carlos Santana, and Haas subsequently provided piano tracks for the Santana recording "Caravanserai" and vocals on the album "Welcome". Shrieve also recommended Haas for the Latin Fusion band Azteca, which released two records on Columbia in the early 1970s and toured in North America with Stevie Wonder. Haas was also a member of the all-female band Fanny. Haas also performed and/or recorded with other artists including Alice Cooper, Boz Scaggs, Melissa Manchester, Kenny Rankin, Kiki Dee, and Spencer Davis. 
Wendy Haas met and eventually married the comedian/actor Martin Mull in the 1980s, and largely retired from performing in the 1990s. The couple have a daughter, Maggie. Haas participated in the Azteca reunion concert in Los Angeles in 2007, which was recorded and released on CD as "Azteca - From The Ruins" and DVD as "Azteca - La Piedra Del Sol".

</doc>
<doc id="31209907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209907" title="Daniel Cole">
Daniel Cole

Daniel, Danny or Dan Cole may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31209916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209916" title="Menios Koutsogiorgas">
Menios Koutsogiorgas

Agamemnon Koutsogiorgas (; 1922April 18, 1991), commonly known as Menios Koutsogiorgas (Μένιος Κουτσόγιωργας), was a Greek lawyer and politician. As a close associate of Andreas Papandreou, the founder and leader of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK), Koutsogiorgas emerged as the most powerful cabinet member during PASOK's 1981–1989 government, and was widely regarded as Papandreou's heir apparent. Embroiled in the George Koskotas scandal however, he was brought before a Special Tribunal. During the procedure he collapsed in the court room on 11 April 1991 and died a week later.
Early life and professional career.
Koutsogiorgas was born in May 1922 in the village of Rodini in Achaea. He studied at the Law School of the University of Athens, and continued his studies in the Law Faculty of the University of Paris in 1957–1958. During the Axis Occupation of Greece in the Second World War, Koutsogiorgas was active in the "Omiros" resistance group, and was arrested and imprisoned by the Italian occupation authorities.
In the post-war era, he became a prominent Athens lawyer, and was closely associated with Georgios Papandreou, the leader of the Liberal Party and later of the Centre Union. During the ASPIDA scandal of 1965, he was defence attorney to the Georgios Papandreou's son, Andreas Papandreou. 
During the Greek military junta of 1967–1974, Koutsogiorgas participated in attempts to organize armed resistance against the regime as early as 1967, and was arrested and imprisoned after arms and radio transmitters were discovered at his home. He was later released, but re-arrested in 1970 and held for a while, undergoing interrogation by the infamous EAT-ESA.
Political career.
As a close associate of Andreas Papandreou, Koutsogiorgas became a founding member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) during the "metapolitefsi".
He was elected Member of Parliament in the first national election that took place in November 1974 after the fall of the military government. He held a parliament seat for the prefecture of Achaea in all successive national elections until 1989. In the first PASOK cabinet, Koutsogiorgas was appointed Minister to the Presidency of the Government on 21 October 1981, a post he held until 17 January 1984, when he was named Minister for the Interior. He held the post until resigning on 9 May 1985 before the parliamentary elections, with the exception of the period 22 May – 21 June 1984, when he was replaced by an acting minister for the European Parliament election. During this time he played a major role in the March 1985 political crisis over the issue of the re-nomination of then-President of Greece Constantine Karamanlis for a second term. Papandreou had promised it several times, but the PASOK party base and Koutsogiorgas himself fiercely opposed it. Eventually, largely through Koutsogiorgas insistence PASOK proposed the judge Christos Sartzetakis for the post.
Following PASOK's electoral victory in the 1985 election, Koutsogiorgas was re-appointed Interior Minister on 5 June 1985. In the reshuffle of 26 July 1985, he assumed the Public Order portfolio as well, keeping it until 25 April 1986. He remained Interior Minister until 5 February 1987, and on 23 September 1987, he was appointed Vice-President of the Government and Minister for Justice. While popular with the broader PASOK electorate but lacking a strong party base, this appointment made him the "de facto" number two in the government. During Papandreou's illness in 1988 and his absence from Greece in August–September for a heart bypass operation in the United Kingdom Koutsogiorgas functioned as the virtual Prime Minister.
At the same time however, he came under increasing criticism from the press and from within PASOK for his handling of the George Koskotas and his Bank of Crete scandal, in particular over a bank secrecy law that according to some critics would allow Koskotas to evade scrutiny. He continued to enjoy the support of Papandreou: although he was forced to quit the posts of Vice-President of the Government and Justice Minister on 18 November 1988, he was re-appointed as Minister to the Presidency of the Government. The mounting crisis peaked in March 1989, when audio tapes of conversations between Koskotas's wife and an associate of Koskotas (I.Matzouranis) were released by Koskotas who was already a fugitive and imprisoned in the US. The tapes purported to show that Koutsogiogras had received 2 million US dollars in a Swiss bank account for "tailoring" the bank secrecy law for Koskotas. Koutsogiorgas, denied these claims and accused Koskotas for attempting to blackmail the government at a time he was a fugitive from Greek law and government actions caused his fraudulent empire to crumble. Papandreou survived a vote of confidence in parliament, but Koutsogiorgas submitted his resignation on 16 March 1989. The subsequent investigation showed that a close associate of Koskotas, I. Matzouranis, which used to be a member of the PASOK government and was connected with Koutsogiorgas had mediated in the fall of 1988 to open a bank account for Koutsogiorgas in Switzerland. After a couple of weeks he made a deposit of $1,2 million in that account. A few weeks later, Koutsogiorgas aware of the deposit turned the funds back to Matzouranis and closed the account. When those events were revealed in March 1989 Matzouranis claimed Koutsogiorgas was expecting the deposit. Koutsogiorgas claimed that the account was opened for personal reasons and that the specific deposit was an attempt to get him entrapped by Koskotas and Matzouranis at a critical juncture of the Koskotas case when his illegal activities were exposed. The details of these events remained unexamined as Koutsogiorgas lost his life while defending himself during the proceedings in court.
On 18 May, the PASOK Central Committee voted against him standing as a candidate during the June 1989 parliamentary elections until the investigation on the Bank of Crete case was complete. On 27 September, in a Parliament vote Koutsogiorgas along with Andreas Papandreou, Dimitris Tsovolas and Giorgos Petsos were sent to a Special Tribunal set up to investigate the Koskotas scandal. In a move that at the time was criticized as politicized and excessive, 68-year-old Koutsogiorgas alone among the accused was placed into pre-trial custody at Korydallos prison on 2 October 1990. The move was supported by the new Mitsotakis (ND) government who had been elected just a few months before on a ticket of battling alleged corruption by the Socialist party. The trial began in a heavily politicized atmosphere on 11 March 1991. On 11 April, while examining a witness, Koutsogiorgas collapsed in the courtroom and died seven days later. His funeral gathered large crowds in the center of Athens and developed into a political protest against the continuing proceedings of the Special Tribunal. The later was seen by a large part of the press and the population as politically motivated and a result of partisan politics.
Family.
Menios Koutsogiorgas was married to Aliki Koutsogiorga and had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="31209930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209930" title="Paper for All">
Paper for All

Paper for All or Paper4All is non-profit / charity organization registered in Burkina Faso, United Kingdom, France and the United States. Paper for All's main focus is to provide education and improve children's learning conditions, by supplying academic resources and tutoring, in one of the most illiterate countries in continental Africa, Burkina Faso, a country with a literacy rate of 24%, one of the lowest in the world.
Projects.
Paper for All is committed in facilitating the education of the neediest children by providing them with better education conditions.
Distribution of Education Supplies.
Distribute school supplies to schools with greatest number of primary pupils.
Paper 4 All is now distributing supplies and among these five are:
Tutoring Program.
Paper4All has put in place a tutoring programme, called Burkina School Monitor. The beneficiaries received a scholarship to pay for their academic fees.
Partners.
Paper for All has worked and established partnerships or received support from a few select organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="31209954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209954" title="Alexander Briger">
Alexander Briger

Alexander Briger (born c. 1969) is an Australian classical conductor. He is the nephew of the conductor Sir Charles Mackerras, and both are descended from the composer Isaac Nathan.
Biography.
Alex Briger was born in Sydney and attended the Sydney Grammar School, where his uncle Alastair Mackerras was the headmaster. He had his first violin lessons there. He was inspired to become a conductor at age 12, when he saw another uncle, Sir Charles Mackerras, conduct the Sydney Symphony Orchestra in Mahler's Fourth Symphony. He left Grammar in 1987, then continued his violin studies at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music. In 1991 he went to the Richard Strauss Conservatorium in Munich to undertake a post-graduate degree in conducting. He won first prize at the International Competition for Conductors in the Czech Republic in 1993. He won the right to study under Pierre Boulez at the Aix-en-Provence Festival in 2000. He has since worked extensively with Boulez and with Sir Charles Mackerras. Boulez introduced Briger to Simon Rattle, who invited him to conduct the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra. He and his family moved to London in 1998.
In 2002 he filled in for the scheduled conductor of the Philharmonia Orchestra, who was taken ill. He also appeared at the BBC Proms and the Berlin Festival with the Birmingham Contemporary Music Group that year. He was invited to take the London Philharmonic Orchestra on a tour of China in 2004. That same year he conducted Britten's "The Rape of Lucretia" at Covent Garden, becoming only the fourth Australian to conduct there, after Mackerras, Richard Bonynge and Simone Young. He also conducted Mozart's "The Magic Flute" at the Glyndebourne Festival. In 2005 he made his debut with the Orchestre de Paris.
Briger's work with Opera Australia includes "Jenůfa", "Madama Butterfly", "Così fan tutte", "The Cunning Little Vixen", "The Marriage of Figaro", and Britten's "A Midsummer Night's Dream". He has also led "La bohème" for the State Opera of South Australia.
He conducted "Don John of Austria", Australia's first opera, written by his great-great-great-great grandfather Isaac Nathan, in its first performance since Nathan's time. This was a concert performance in 1997, arranged by Sir Charles Mackerras (Nathan's great-great-great grandson). He has since recorded the work on CD.
His overseas operatic work includes "Rigoletto" and "The Makropulos Case" (English National Opera), "The Cunning Little Vixen" (Aix-en-Provence), "From the House of the Dead" (Canadian Opera), "The Tales of Hoffmann" (Royal Danish Opera), "The Bartered Bride" (Royal Swedish Opera), "The Queen of Spades" (Komische Oper Berlin), and the Bartók ballets "The Miraculous Mandarin" and "The Wooden Prince" (Opéra national du Rhin).
The list of other orchestras Alexander Briger has conducted includes the Scottish Chamber Orchestra, Berlin Symphony Orchestra, Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra, Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France, BBC Symphony Orchestra, BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra, Royal Liverpool Philharmonic, Gothenburg Symphony, Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra, Danish Symphony Orchestra, Orchestre National du Capitole de Toulouse, Frankfurt Radio Orchestra, Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie, Academy of St Martin in the Fields, Salzburg Mozarteum, Salzburg Camerata, Ensemble InterContemporain, Japanese Virtuoso Symphony, Monte Carlo Philharmonic, London Sinfonietta, Hanover Band, Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, and in Australia the Sydney, Melbourne and West Australian Symphony Orchestras.
In 2010 he launched the Australian World Orchestra, a project to bring leading expatriate Australian orchestral players from around the world, home to Australia to play together with the leading resident players in a single ensemble.
Premieres.
Alexander Briger's premieres include:
Personal life.
Briger's wife Natascha is a clarinet player, and they have two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31209968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209968" title="Potiphar's Wife">
Potiphar's Wife

"Potiphar's Wife is a 1931 British romance film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Nora Swinburne, Laurence Olivier and Guy Newall. It is also known as Her Strange Desire". It was based on a play by Edgar C. Middleton.

</doc>
<doc id="31209976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209976" title="Thomas Patrick Hughes">
Thomas Patrick Hughes

Thomas Patrick Hughes, (26 March 1838-1911) was born in Henley Shrophsire, England, was a missionary with the Church Missionary Society (CMS) in Peshawar in British India (now Pakistan) for 20 years.
Family life.
Biographical information regarding Hughes early life is scarce. It is known though, that he was the son of a miller, Thomas Hughes. The small Hughes family consisting of two children and their parents lived with Thomas Hughes Sr.'s mother in a house in Ludlow. Thomas Hughes Sr. died when Thomas Patrick Hughes was but ten years old.
At the age of 26, Hughes married Eliza Lloyd on 17 August 1864 in the Manchester Cathedral; Canon Bardsley of St. Anne's Manchester officiated. Their marriage was held shortly (less than a month) after his ordination as a deacon with the CMS. Together the couple left for the mission field 12 September 1864.
While on the mission field, they had eight children, six of whom survived infancy. The two that passed early on, Minnie and Alice, were first born of the eight and did not make it past the age of three. Infant mortality was not uncommon in Peshawar for there were consistently recurring bouts of cholera and other illnesses.
The surviving children lived for a few years with their parents at Peshawar before being sent to England at age three, in part to avoid losing them also to illness. Hughes was often separated from his family, as they were in England for a good part of their lives, but also because of the nature of his work – since he frequently was in his office, visiting in the Hujra, or on preaching journeys throughout the countryside surrounding Peshawar.
Education.
Hughes' family was not very well off (monetarily), yet his godfather, Thomas Massey, managed to pay for his way through grammar school in Ludlow. In subsequent years Hughes went to work at Messrs S. and J. Watts Co. in Manchester as a salesperson. While in Manchester he was involved with the Sunday School as a teacher and Superintendent at St. Anne's church. During this time he applied to the CMS for the position of deacon and missionary. He was accepted into the Church Missionary Institute in Islington and in 1862 commenced his studies there. In 1864 his studies at Islington were complete and he was ordained deacon on 24 July in the Islington College Chapel.
Although this was the extent of his formal education he was awarded a number of honorary titles during the rest of his career on the merit of his astounding literary accomplishments. Bachelor of Divinity and Doctor of Divinity were bestowed upon him by the Archbishop of Canterbury in 1876 and 1886, respectively. He also received from St. John's College in Annapolis, Maryland the LLD in 1897.
Missionary Work.
Hughes and his wife originally set out for China; however they never made it there and were instead posted in a city on the Indian frontier, Peshawar, where they remained for twenty years.
Itinerant Preaching.
Although posted in the city, Hughes had a passion for those in the rural areas around Peshawar. He would go to the villages, sending a delegation ahead of him to let the leaders know he was coming, and meet with the Imam(s) and the people to talk about the Christian and Islamic faiths.
The Hujra.
Hughes recognised that hospitality was very important to the Afghans. In lieu of this he had a hujra built. A Hujra is a guest house common to Northern India and Pakistan. This hujra played a very important role in his ministry, as many came as guests and talked with him in this context. A while after he left Peshawar, his co-worker, Worthington Jukes, made an addition to this Hujra to accommodate more guests.
All Saint's Memorial.
A great feat accomplished in part by Hughes, is the completion of All Saint's Memorial Church in Peshawar. It was erected for the use of the native Christians in memory of those who gave their lives for the spread of the gospel of Jesus Christ in the Peshawar vicinity. He was a leading visionary on the construction of the church, and also played a vital role in the fundraising of the means to build it. Among many other features, there are inscribed the names of those who passed on during the work at Peshawar. Included among these names are those of Hughes' infant daughters who died.
Hughes believed that the most effective way to minister to the people around him was to adapt to their culture. So he set aside his British attire and adopted the dress of the Afghans. He also mastered their language to be able to converse with ease. Additionally, he employed an Afghan man, familiar with the customs of his people, to host in the hujra. His method of acculturation also carried over to All Saint's Church. Since the church was to be for the native people, he made it in their style. The edifice is similar to a mosque in that there are domes and minarets rather than steeples. The interior utilises local materials, designs and special handiwork, in accordance with Hughes' philosophy and practice.
After Peshawar.
In 1884 after 20 years of service in Peshawar, Hughes retired to England to attempt to find work in a church there, and be reunited with the four children not with him. When he could find no work, he set out to the United States. He departed on 21 May 1884, and his wife and 5 oldest children joined him in 1888. Their youngest son, Sidney, remained in England to finish his schooling.
In the United States he worked in churches in the vicinity of New York. Retiring from the ministry in 1902, he continued writing until his death. Thomas Patrick Hughes passed on from this life in the year 1911.
Literary Accomplishments.
Hughes wrote extensively during his lifetime. Of his most notable works are the "Dictionary of Islam" (still in print) and the official government textbook for learning Pushto.
For a chronological list of all Hughes' known writings, visit Project Canterbury.

</doc>
<doc id="31209982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209982" title="Rahul Mehrotra">
Rahul Mehrotra

Rahul Mehrotra is principal of architecture firm RMA Architects (founded in 1990 as Rahul Mehrotra Associates) of Mumbai, India and is Professor of Urban Design and Planning and Chair of the Department of Urban Planning and Design at the Harvard Graduate School of Design (GSD) in Cambridge, Mass., USA.
He has been one of the activists behind the declaration of urban precincts as conservation areas in Mumbai and one of the founder members of the Kala Ghoda area rejuvenation movement, the restoration of the Oval Maidan, and the formulation of several citizens' associations in the historic Fort District in Mumbai. He was also executive director of the Urban Design Research Institute (1994-2004), where he is now a trustee. The UDRI is also actively involved in researching and influencing policy for the historic district, and the city more generally.
Selected Projects.
Hathigaon (Jaipur, Rajasthan)
KMC Corporate Office (Hyderabad)
Visitor Centre At Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (Mumbai)
House In A Tea Garden (Conoor)
Taj Mahal Visitor Centre (with Taj Mahal Conservation Collaborative) (Agra)
Hewlett-Packard Software Campus (Bengaluru)
LMW Corporate Headquarters (Coimbatore)
Restoration Of The Chowmahalla Palace Complex (Hyderabad)
Campus For Magic Bus (Panvel)
Extension To The Prince Of Wales Museum (Mumbai)
Project 88 (Mumbai)
Maskara Gallery (Mumbai)
Books.
“Architecture in India since 1990,” published by Pictor, Mumbai. 2011.
“Bombay Deco”, co- authored with Sharada Dwivedi and published by Eminence Designs. 2008.
“Banganga and Malabar Hill”, co –authored with Sharada Dwivedi, published by Eminence Designs, April 2006 ( new and revised edition)
“A City Icon – Victoria Terminus Bombay 1887( now Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus 1996)” co- authored with Sharada Dwivedi and published by Eminence Designs. 2006.
“Michigan Debates on Urbanism” vol 1: Everyday Urbanism, editor for volume, published by The University of Michigan, A. Alfred Taubman College of Architect + Urban Planning. 2005
“Conservation After Legislation – Issues and Ideas for Bombay” Co-edited with Abha Narain Lambah, published by the Urban Design Research Institute, Mumbai. 2004.
“The Bombay High Court – The Story of the Building – 1878-2003” co-authored with Sharada Dwivedi, published by Eminence Design, Mumbai. 2003.
“World Architecture A Critical Mosaic 1900-2000 – Volume VIII, South Asia”, Editor for book documenting canonical works of architecture of the century in South Asia, General editor Kenneth Frampton, published by the Architectural Society of China, Beijing and the Union of International Architects, Beijing. 2000.
“Anchoring A City Line – The Western Railway Headquarters 1899-1999” Co-authored with Sharada
Dwivedi and published by Eminence Designs, Mumbai. 2000.
“Fort Walks – 10 walks in Bombay's Historic City Center” Co-authored with Sharada Dwivedi and Published by Eminence Designs, Mumbai, 1999, (Reprinted in 2001).
“Bombay To Mumbai – Changing Perspectives” Co-edited with Pauline Rohatgi and Pheroza Godrej, published by Marg Magazine Mumbai, 1997 (Reprinted in 2001).
“Banganga – Sacred Tank” A book on the history of the Banganga Temple complex and Malabar Hill, Mumbai Co-author with Sharada Dwivedi and published by Eminence Designs, Mumbai. 1996.
“Bombay – The Cities Within” A book on the urban history of Bombay, Co-author with Sharada Dwivedi and published by India Book House and Eminence Designs, 1995, (Reprinted in 1997, 2001).
“The Fort Precinct In Bombay – Conserving an Image Center”. A two volume publication on the Fort area co-edited and compiled with Gunter Nest and Sandhya Savant and published by the Goethe Institute. 1995.
Exhibitions.
“Kinetic City” Exhibition by RMA Research, British School at Rome, 5-26 February, 2013.
“Water – Curse or Blessing” exhibition featuring Hathigaon, Village for a hundred elephants, Aedes Gallery, Berlin, Germany, 9 September – 21 October, 2011.
“Working in Mumbai” an exhibition on the works of RMA architects, Wolk Gallery, MIT, Cambridge, USA. 2008.
“Goa 2100” an exhibition on transforming Panjim City in Goa towards a sustainable future. Exhibition as part of Indian Team at the World Gas Conference, Tokyo, Japan. 2003.
“The Works of Rahul Mehrotra at the Shanghai Biennale” Exhibition on Contemporary Art and Architecture – organized by the Contemporary Art Museum Shanghai, China. 2002.
“Memories in Asbestos – an installation on interpretations of the Kalaghoda Art District in Bombay” Installation in collaboration with Mumbai artist Atul Dodiya, 1-14 February 2000, at Chemould Art Gallery, Mumbai.
“The Buildings of the Kala Ghoda Art District- an exhibition on the historic buildings of the district together with some urban conservation strategies”, in collaboration with the Urban Design Research Institute, 1-14 February 2000, at the Stuttgart Hall, Max Mueller Bhavan Bombay.
“Beginnings – projects of twelve young architects”, June 1998 at the Municipality Contemporary Art Gallery, Ankara, Turkey.
“Architecture on the Horizon”, an exhibition on emerging architects from around the World, Aug – Sept 1996 at the RIBA Architectural Centre, London.

</doc>
<doc id="31209988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209988" title="Carposina iophaea">
Carposina iophaea

Carposina iophaea is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is 18–19 mm. The head, palpi, and thorax are dark fuscous irrorated with whitish. The abdomen is grey, while the two basal segments are whitish-ochreous. The forewings are elongate, narrow, the costa gently arched, the apex round-pointed and the termen almost straight. They are dark fuscous irrorated with whitish, sometimes more or less mixed with pale ochreous. There is a series of small dark spots along the costa. The hindwings are grey.
The larvae feed on seeds of "Prumnopitys taxifolia". There is one larva per seed. In the late spring of the year following fertilisation, the contents of many immature seeds of the host plant are eaten and these seeds fall to the ground. As the seeds remaining on the tree increase in size, predation and shedding of damaged seeds continue. By February of the
following year, just before the outer tissues of the remaining seeds turn black and juicy, the larvae cease eating their way into the seeds, presumably because the maturing inner coats are too thick and hard. They then eat the sugar-rich outer wall tissues before pupating.

</doc>
<doc id="31209990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209990" title="Sjaka Septembir">
Sjaka Septembir

Sjaka Septembir (20 July 1972 in Port Elizabeth, South Africa) is a South African poet, writer, performer and director.
He is the married to the vocalist Melanie Basson.
His work is influenced by Punk, Dada, Abject Art and the Beats. He has become infamous for his unsettling happenings, cut-‘n’-paste magazines and self-published books of poetry.
He has been described as a "contemporary literary terrorist".
Pseudonyms and identities.
The name Sjaka S. Septembir is a constructed identity, and a gang of multiple identities arise from it. These include Dr. Adam Chaos, Diamandt Wolf and Jan Afganistan.
The name Sjaka S. Septembir was created by pairing up the name of the Zulu warrior king Shaka Zulu with the Cape coloured surname. Coloured here is a politically and socially controversial term, and it refers to a predominantly Afrikaans people of which the roots can be traced back to Creole and Dutch ancestry - the slave trade at the Cape being the vehicle which brought these peoples together and which resulted in what has commonly (and controversially) been referred to as Coloured people. It is a prevalent surname in the Western Cape – but in this context it is spelt September. The initial “S” in Sjaka S. Septembir functions as a mask or a chameleon which is free to take on any word that starts with “S”, e.g. Sjaka Shagwell Septembir.
Early years.
In 1994, Sjaka self-published his first novellette Viva Dada! under the name Jan Afganistan. Antjie Krog describes it as ‘a book about this, that and everything' (Die Suid-Afrikaan). Viva Dada! later inspired Koos Kombuis’s Ronde Roman.
In 1996, he self-published Christ Spiders Like a Coacaroach (sic) in English and Terpentyn Canves (sic) in Afrikaans (publications). These two books of poetry appeared under the name Shaka September.
Porselynnkas.
He was a founding member of the art movement PORSELYNNKAS. PORSELYNNKAS was made up of artists, writers and performers situated in Stellenbosch between 1996-1999. Other members included Floyed de Vaal as Sigmunt Floyed, Alex Omega, Jaap Ysbeert, Willem Mulder, Vuyo, Asha Zero and Naomie Smit.
It’s only after the formation of PORSELYNNKAS at the end of 1996 that the names spelling changed to Sjaka S. Septembir. The name PORSELYNNKAS comes from the Afrikaans idiom ‘Daar’s ‘n aap in die porseleinkas’ that is equal to ‘There’s a bull in the china shop’). PORSELYNNKAS was a ground breaking movement, especially in Afrikaans literature and drama. The movement references aspects of Anarchy, Dada and experimental poetry in a way which has never before been seen in a South African context.
The publication of student newspaper Die Matie with Sjaka on the front cover was met with extreme resistance. In a period of two years, PORSELYNNKAS performed 38 Dadaist style Poetry Happenings and publish 22 publications under PORSELYNNKA publishers. Their Afrikaans poetry and performances get them banned in many venues in Stellenbosch, banned from appearing on the student radio station Radio Matie and booed off stage in Cape Town. The performances made use of abjection and shock value to mock religion and norms around sexuality. The group also performed public executions of Afrikaans icons such as Johan Stemmet, Steve Hofmeyr and Patricia Lewis.
Writer and filmmaker Matthew Kalil has made a Porselynnkas documentary called , which premiered on 12 June 2011.
Cybervaseline.
Sjaka and the artist Asha Zero met in Johannesburg in 1999 and started a collaboration called Cybervaseline. This zine showcased different artists such as Swart Steep and Nadine Botha. Cybervaseline was published until the end of 2002 and 18 editions appeared. Only 300 numbered copies of each edition were made.
Poetry.
Sjaka writes poetry both in English and Afrikaans.
His poetry was featured in the publication A Look Away.
Current work.
Sjaka has appeared in Spyt in 2011, written by Ingrid Winterbach. He has translated Ouma into English and is taking Red to the National Arts Festival in June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31209991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209991" title="Walter Armitage">
Walter Armitage

Walter Armitage (1907–1953) was a South African playwright, stage and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="31209999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31209999" title="The Politician (disambiguation)">
The Politician (disambiguation)

The Politician may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31210007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210007" title="Carposina literata">
Carposina literata

Carposina literata is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31210033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210033" title="SMS Hansa (1872)">
SMS Hansa (1872)

SMS "Hansa"  was a German ironclad warship built in 1868–1875. She was the first ironclad built in Germany; all previous German ironclads had been built in foreign shipyards. She was named after the Hanseatic League, known in Germany simply as "Hanse", Latinized "Hansa". The ship was launched in October 1872 and commissioned into the German Imperial Navy ("Kaiserliche Marine") in May 1875. Designed for overseas service, "Hansa" was classed as an armored corvette and armed with eight guns in a central battery.
"Hansa" served abroad for the first nine years of her career in the German navy. In 1884, it was found that her iron hull was badly corroded, which rendered the ship unfit for further active service. She was therefore removed from active duty and used for a variety of secondary roles. From 1884 to 1888, she served as a guard ship in Kiel, where she also trained engine and boiler room personnel. In 1888, she was stricken from the naval register and used as a barracks ship in Kiel. She was moved to Mönkeberg in 1905, where she continued to train boiler room personnel, until 1906 when she was sold to ship-breakers and dismantled for scrap.
Design.
General characteristics and machinery.
"Hansa" was long at the waterline and long overall. She had a beam of and a draft of forward and aft. The ship was designed to displace at a normal loading, and up to with a combat load. The ship's hull was formed with transverse iron frames and mixed iron and timber construction. The underwater portion of the hull was plated with copper to reduce fouling. It contained six watertight compartments.
The German navy found the ship to be very stiff in her sea-keeping qualities. "Hansa" was very maneuverable and was easily controlled while under sail; under steam the ship remained highly maneuverable but control suffered. The ship's crew numbered 28 officers and 371 enlisted men. She carried a number of smaller boats aboard, including two launches, one pinnace, two cutters, one yawl, and one dinghy. The ship also carried an unknown number of picket boats and barges. Anti-torpedo nets were briefly fitted to the ship from 1885 to 1888.
"Hansa" was powered by a single horizontal three-cylinder single-expansion steam engine built by AG Vulcan in Stettin. The engine drove a single three-bladed screw that was in diameter. Steam, at a pressure of at , was supplied by four trunk boilers in a single boiler room. The boilers were ducted into a single large funnel that could be retracted when the ship was operated under sail. The powerplant was rated at 450 nominal horsepower with a top speed of . On trials, her propulsion system managed and . The ship carried of coal for the boilers, which enabled a maximum range of at a cruising speed of . "Hansa" was fully rigged, and had a sail area of . Steering was controlled by a single rudder.
Armament and armor.
"Hansa" was armed with eight L/19 hooped guns, each of which was provided with 110 rounds of ammunition. The guns were placed in a two-story arrangement amidships; four were mounted in a broadside casemate, two on either side of the ship. The other four guns were mounted in casemates on the corners of the lower casemate, which gave the ship a degree of end-on fire capability. The lower guns could depress to −5° and elevate to 13°; at maximum elevation, the guns could reach targets out to . The upper guns had a wider range of elevation; they could depress to −8° and elevate to 14°. At maximum elevation, the guns had a range of .
"Hansa"s armor consisted of teak-backed wrought iron, which was manufactured in Great Britain. Her armored belt was thick amidships, where it protected the ship's vitals. On the bow and stern, the belt was reduced to in thickness. The entire belt was backed with of timber. The casemates were armored with 114 mm thick sloping iron plates. The lower battery casemate had 114 mm thick transverse armored bulkheads on either end of the side armor.
Service history.
"Hansa" was laid down at the Royal Dockyard in Danzig in 1868. She was the first ironclad warship to be built in a German shipyard; her predecessors had all been built in French and British shipyards. The ship was launched on 26 October 1872 and moved to the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin for fitting out work. The work proceeded very slowly, and "Hansa" was not commissioned into the German fleet until 19 May 1875, two and a half years after her launch. By comparison, all of the earlier foreign-built ironclads were completed in less than a year.
Designed for overseas service protecting Germany's maritime trade, "Hansa" spent the first nine years of her career abroad. In 1884, it was found that her hull was badly corroded; this stemmed from the lengthy construction period, during which the iron had already begun to corrode. As a result of the poor shape of her hull, "Hansa" was removed from active service in 1884 and used as a guard ship in Kiel. While in Kiel, she was also used as a training ship for engine-room personnel and stokers. She was formally stricken from the naval register on 6 August 1888. She was then used as a floating barracks in Kiel, until 1905. "Hansa" was then moved to Mönkeberg, hulked, and used to train stokers. The ship did not last long in this service, and was sold in March 1906 for 96,000 marks. "Hansa" was broken up later that year in Swinemünde.

</doc>
<doc id="31210040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210040" title="God Rot Tunbridge Wells!">
God Rot Tunbridge Wells!

God Rot Tunbridge Wells! is a 1985 British musical television film directed by Tony Palmer and starring Trevor Howard, Christopher Bramwell and Dave Griffiths. It was aired on Channel 4 in 1985 and was made to mark the 300th anniversary of Handel's birth.
Plot.
In old age the British-German composer George Frideric Handel reflects over his life and musical career.

</doc>
<doc id="31210043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210043" title="A. H. Lightstone">
A. H. Lightstone

Albert Harold Lightstone (1926–1976) was a Canadian mathematician. He was one of the pioneers of non-standard analysis, a doctoral student of Abraham Robinson, and later a co-author with Robinson of the book "Nonarchimedean Fields and Asymptotic Expansions".
Biography.
Lightstone earned his PhD from the University of Toronto in 1955, under the supervision of Abraham Robinson; his thesis was entitled "Contributions To The Theory Of Quantification". He was a professor of mathematics at Carleton University and Queen's University.
Research.
Decimal hyperreals.
In his article "Infinitesimals" in the "American Mathematical Monthly" in 1972, Lightstone described an extended decimal notation for the hyperreals. Here there is a digit at every hypernatural rank rather than merely a digit for every rank given by a natural number. Such a hyperreal decimal is written as
Here the digit formula_2 appears at rank formula_3, which is a typical infinite hypernatural. The semicolon separates the digits at finite ranks from the digits at infinite ranks. Thus, the number 0.000...;...01, with digit "1" at infinite rank "H", corresponds to the infinitesimal formula_4.
The difference 1 - 0.000...;...01 is 0.999...;...9, with an infinite hypernatural's worth of digits 9. An alternative notation for the latter is
where "H" is an infinite hypernatural. The extended decimal notation provides a rigorous mathematical implementation of student intuitions of an infinitesimal of the form 0.000...01. Such student intuitions and their usefulness in the learning of infinitesimal calculus were analyzed in a 2010 study by Robert Ely in the Journal for Research in Mathematics Education.
Other research.
Lightstone's main research contributions were in non-standard analysis. He also wrote papers on angle trisection, matrix inversion, and applications of group theory to formal logic.
Books.
Lightstone was the author or co-author of several books on mathematics:
Awards and honours.
Queen's University annually awards the Albert Harold Lightstone Scholarship, named for Lightstone, to a fourth year honors undergraduate student majoring in mathematics or statistics. The scholarship was established by Lightstone's wife after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="31210049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210049" title="Carposina maculosa">
Carposina maculosa

Carposina maculosa is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from the Lyttelton Hills and Otago.
The wingspan is about 18 mm. The head, antennae and thorax are light buff and the abdomen is ochreous-white. The forewings are moderate, the costa moderately arched at the base, thence straight, the apex is subacute and the termen straight. They are light buff finely irrorated with pale fuscous and with fuscous-black markings, a dot beneath the costa near the base and a similar one obliquely before it above the dorsum. There is also a minute dot beneath the costa and a much larger one beneath it below the fold. The hindwings and fringes are shining white. The series of distinct dots which form the markings of this species easily separates it from other members of the "Carposina" genus.
The larvae feed on "Hoheria angustifolia" and "Plagianthus regius".

</doc>
<doc id="31210073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210073" title="Acantholycosa mordkovitchi">
Acantholycosa mordkovitchi

Acantholycosa mordkovitchi is a species of wolf spider only known from the Terektinsky Mountain Range in the Russian part of the Altai Mountains.
This is a grey-brown spider up to 9.5 mm in length. The female is darker than the male. The palps are distinctively marked, the yellowish femur and tibia contrasting with the almost black terminal cymbium.

</doc>
<doc id="31210079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210079" title="Mark Garside">
Mark Garside

Mark Garside (born 21 March 1989 in East Kilbride) is a Scottish professional ice hockey player. He currently plays forward for the Belfast Giants in the EIHL.

</doc>
<doc id="31210083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210083" title="Stuttgarter Volksbank">
Stuttgarter Volksbank

Stuttgarter Volksbank AG operates as a cooperative bank. The bank offers financial and investment services. The bank is based in Stuttgart, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31210088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210088" title="Carposina morbida">
Carposina morbida

Carposina morbida is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 26 mm. The head, thorax and abdomen are ochreous-whitish, the shoulders with an ochreous spot. The forewings are elongate, rather narrow, posteriorly somewhat dilated, the costa gently arched, the apex obtuse, the termen straight and rather oblique. They are silvery-whitish-ochreous, irregularly strewn with ochreous scales. The hindwings and cilia are whitish. The under-surface of the forewings and hindwings is largely clothed with modified pale yellow-ochreous scales on the anterior half.

</doc>
<doc id="31210102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210102" title="M. Moleiro Editor">
M. Moleiro Editor

M. Moleiro Editor is a publishing house specialised in identical facsimile reproductions of codices, maps and illuminated manuscripts. Founded in Barcelona in 1991, the firm’s dissemination of many masterpieces in the history of illumination and the great accuracy of its reproductions have made it one of the world’s foremost experts in this field.
Background.
In 1976, whilst still a student, Manuel Moleiro created Ebrisa, a publishing house specialised in books on art, science and cartography which collaborated on a variety of joint enterprises with other publishers including Times Books, Encyclopaedia Britannica, Macmillan, Edita, Imprimerie Nationale and Franco Maria Ricci.
In 1991 Moleiro decided to create a company with his own name and brand. Since then he has specialised in identical reproductions of some of the greatest medieval and Renaissance bibliographic treasures, obtaining authorisation to do so from libraries and museums of great universal renown such as the Bibliothèque nationale de France, the British Library, the Morgan Library & Museum, the Metropolitan Museum, New York, the National Library of Russia, the Huntington Library and the Gulbenkian Foundation, Lisbon.
From the start, his ambitious cultural project has focused single-mindedly on the dissemination of these works of art, these manuscripts confined for centuries to archives and display cabinets beyond the reach of almost everyone because of the strict conservation requirements of such items, some more than one thousand years old. To certify this labour of cultural diffusion, each facsimile has a companion volume of studies by manuscript experts.
Publishing activities.
M. Moleiro Editor has enjoyed unprecedented success ever since their first facsimile editions whose meticulous details make them difficult to distinguish from the original manuscripts.
As a result of publishers applying the term “facsimile” fraudulently and haphazardly to different types of reproduction of far poorer quality in recent decades, M. Moleiro Editor decided to label their codices “quasi-original” to reflect the outstanding results obtained from lengthy processes of trial and error. In 2010, the French newspaper "Le Monde" wrote, “The Spanish publishing house Moleiro has invented the “quasi original”, a more appropriate term for describing the extremely painstaking artisan work involved in manufacturing these works which are more like clones than facsimiles”. Indeed, no expense is spared in any of their editions to duplicate the texture, smell, thickness and variable density of paper and parchment, the gold in the miniatures, the leather bindings and thread used to sew them. The resulting copies are therefore deemed to be clones and not merely reproductions.
All this publisher’s editions are unique, first editions, limited to 987 numbered copies authenticated by notary public. The aim of all this is to offer readers a select, painstaking product likely to increase in value over time.
In 2001, "The Times" described the work of this publishing house as “The Art of Perfection”. One year later in the same newspaper, Allegra Stratton wrote that “the Pope sleeps with one of Moleiro’s quasi-originals by his bed”. With each passing year, Pope John Paul II has been joined by other dignitaries including the ex US presidents Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton and George Bush, the Nobel prize winner José Saramago, the president of Portugal Aníbal Cavaco Silva, and King Juan Carlos I of Spain.
Landmark works reproduced by M. Moleiro Editor.
M. Moleiro Editor has cloned several works by Beatus of Liébana – the "Cardeña Beatus", the "Arroyo Beatus", the "Silos Beatus", the "Beatus of Ferdinand I and Sancha" and the "Gerona Beatus" – and also the three volumes of the "Bible of Saint Louis", deemed to be the most important bibliographic monument of all time with a total of 4887 miniatures. Their catalogue also features many books of hours such as the "Isabella Breviary", the "Great Hours of Anne of Brittany" and the "Book of Hours of Joanna I of Castile"; medicinal treatises such as the "Book of Simple Medicines" and "Tacuinum Sanitatis" and cartographic masterpieces such as the "Miller Atlas" and the "Vallard Atlas".

</doc>
<doc id="31210105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210105" title="Lokroi (municipality)">
Lokroi (municipality)

Lokroi () is a municipality in the Phthiotis regional unit, Central Greece, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Atalanti.
Municipality.
The municipality Lokroi was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 4 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31210106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210106" title="The Orchard Walls">
The Orchard Walls

The Orchard Walls is a play by the British writer R.F. Delderfield. A drama it examines the relationship between the daughter of wealthy parents and the car mechanic with whom she falls in love and attempts to elope with. It was first staged at Aldershot in October 1953 and later moved to St Martin's Theatre in London.
Adaptation.
In 1956 the play was adapted into a film "Now and Forever" directed by Mario Zampi and starring Janette Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="31210113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210113" title="Kidda">
Kidda

Kidda is the artist name for UK electronic music and video producer Ste McGregor. Described by one national newspaper in the UK as “a bearded 30-something one-man cottage industry”, he is signed to the Brighton-based Skint Records – the home of Fatboy Slim, aka Norman Cook. McGregor has released one album on Skint, "Going Up", and his second long-player "Hotel Radio" is scheduled for release in the summer of 2011.
His track "Under The Sun" was used in Bacardi’s worldwide TV advertising campaign, and other singles from his debut sample-based album such as "Strong Together" have made the charts in several European countries including Italy, Belgium and Holland, and has recently been licensed to Ultra Records in America.
In addition to being a recording artist and DJ, Kidda is an animator and video director and has made music promos for assorted artists such as Midfield General, the Lo-Fidelity Allstars, X-Press 2 and Phil Kieran – as well as completing animation work for the stage shows of US artists Kanye West and Rihanna. McGregor also sewed his own tapestry to make up the artwork for his 2008-released album "Going Up".
Born and raised in Middlesbrough in the north-east of England, McGregor moved to Nottingham in the Midlands region of the UK to study fine art. In his spare time he began to craft hip-hop beats, and after completing an MA in animation back in Middlesbrough he moved to Brighton on the south coast of England. He moved into a house with Skint Records artist Danielsan, and was soon invited to make a promo video for Danielsan’s "Force Ten" single. This led to more video work with other Skint Records artists, and after a couple of EPs for the Brighton-based Catskills Records in the mid-00s – "The Shoe Cash EP" and "The Word Booty EP" – he signed to Skint as a recording artist.
Kidda’s debut album featured Gary Lightbody from indie band Snow Patrol (on "Shining 1") and various other vocalists, and was notable for being constructed from samples that were then all re-recorded. First single from the album, "Smile", used the theme tune from BBC sports show Ski Sunday, while "Under The Sun" contained elements of a song written by US songwriters Ashford and Simpson. A section of the single was used in a Bacardi worldwide TV advertising campaign, although most of the money the spirits company paid for its use went to Ashford and Simpson's publishers EMI.
The "Going Up" album received favourable reviews in most music publications. “With infectious hooks, tasty beats and soul-tinged melodies, Kidda’s debut feels like the natural sequel to The Avalanches’ universally acclaimed ‘Since I Left You’,” said "MOJO" magazine. It was awarded album of the month status in DJ magazine, album of the week in DMC Update, while BBC Music said: “Somewhere between funk, pop, hip-hop and old skool rave, ‘Going Up’ is the perfect soundtrack to this summer’s festivals.” However, the same review went on to say: "While Going Up's blatant and intended cheesiness appeals to this particular scribe, more straight-laced musos may find it all a bit too camp and annoying. Basically Kidda's a bit like Marmite; you'll either love him or hate him." The NME, meanwhile, said: "Like airy muzak in a shopping centre, most of ‘Going Up’ washes over you."
The remix of "Under The Sun" by British producer Hervé was a club hit supported by the likes of BBC Radio One's Annie Mac and Kissy Sellout and was subsequently licensed to a number of compilations, including Ministry Of Sound’s "The Annual 2009" and Godskitchen "Anthems 2009". "Strong Together" was also used on a TV ad for Warner Leisure.
Second album "Hotel Radio" is thought to have a more pop-orientated feel, and contain no samples whatsoever – it’s purported to be all original songwriting from Kidda and his co-writer Lee Muddy Baker. McGregor is also thought to be preparing a live show to support the release of "Hotel Radio".
Discography.
Singles:
Albums:
References.
http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/showbiz/sftw/article1497637.ece
http://www.dmcupdate.com/soundjudgement/review.asp?id=7221
http://www.bbc.co.uk/music/reviews/4cqv
MOJO, August 2008; Loben, Carl
DJ, Aug 2008; Clarke, Paul
NME, 2 August 2008; Elan, Priya

</doc>
<doc id="31210128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210128" title="Amfikleia-Elateia">
Amfikleia-Elateia

Amfikleia–Elateia () is a municipality in the Phthiotis regional unit, Central Greece, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Kato Tithorea.
Municipality.
The municipality Amfikleia–Elateia was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 3 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31210129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210129" title="Tirumalayapalem">
Tirumalayapalem

Tirumalayapalem () is a Mandal in Khammam district of Telangana, India.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Thirumalayapalem mandal is as follows:
Villages.
The villages in Thirumalayapalem mandal includes: Bachodu, Bachodu Thanda, Beerolu, Chandru Thanda, Dammaigudem, Edullacheruvu, Erragadda,Gopala puram, Gol Thanda, Hasnabad, Hydersaipet, Islavath Thanda, Jallepalli, Jupeda, Kakarvai,Jaganadhapuram, Kokkireni, Medidapalli, Mohammadapuram, Painampalli, Patharlapadu, Pindiprolu, Raghunadhapalem, Rajaram, Solipuram, Sublaid,
Thalla Cheruvu, Thettalapadu, Thirumalayapalem and Tippareddigudem,
kukalatanda,mekalatanda

</doc>
<doc id="31210141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210141" title="Carposina rubophaga">
Carposina rubophaga

The New Zealand Raspberry Budmoth ("Carposina rubophaga") is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is 14–17 mm. Adults are very variable, some individuals being very light in colour, others very dark, darkish-brown, or dark grey. One variety has a pair of dark converging lines. The forewings have two conspicuous raised tufts of scales, one lying anteriorly, and a larger one posteriorly with a small tuft between the two. The hindwings are cream-coloured with long hairs posteriorly. The male can usually be distinguished from the female by the long hairs on the end of the abdomen.
The egg is yellowish-green in colour, but changes during development to a yellowish-gold, the area under the spines becoming orange, which, as development continues, spreads till more than hall the egg is coloured.
The larvae are destructive to the buds and fruit of raspberry and blackberry. The first instar larva is about 1 mm long. The head and dorsal portion of the prothorax are dark in colour, the rest of the body is whitish cream. The final instar larva is about 10 mm in length. The under surface is yellowish-green, depending on the amount of food in the alimentary tract.

</doc>
<doc id="31210156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210156" title="Molos-Agios Konstantinos">
Molos-Agios Konstantinos

Molos-Agios Konstantinos () is a municipality in the region of Central Greece, in Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town of Kamena Vourla. The municipality belongs to the regional unit of Phthiotis.
Municipality.
A municipality is a collection of towns and settlements in Greece. Molos-Agios Konstantinos was formed after the 2011 administrative division reforms by the combination of 3 towns, and each of these towns now represents a municipal unit:. The towns are:

</doc>
<doc id="31210157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210157" title="She Couldn't Say No (1939 film)">
She Couldn't Say No (1939 film)

"She Couldn't Say No" is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Tommy Trinder, Fred Emney and Googie Withers. It was based on a play "Funny Face" by Paul Girard Smith and Fred Thompson. A woman arranges a burglary to try to recover a stolen diary with compromising details written in it.

</doc>
<doc id="31210160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210160" title="Carposina sanctimonea">
Carposina sanctimonea

Carposina sanctimonea is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 23 mm. The head is whitish, the thorax grey-white, the antennae whitish and the abdomen pale grey. The forewings are elongate, posteriorly somewhat dilated, the costa gently arched, the apex bluntly acute and the termen almost straight. They are pale grey-white with cloudy markings of dark fuscous. The hindwings are pale grey-white.

</doc>
<doc id="31210173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210173" title="Mount Fremont Fire Lookout">
Mount Fremont Fire Lookout

The Mount Fremont Fire Lookout is a fire lookout in the northern region of Mount Rainier National Park at an elevation above , the highest in the park. One of four fire lookouts remaining in the park, the lookout is used for visitor services during summer weekends. The building is about , and was designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and designs under the supervision of Acting Chief Architect Edwin A. Nickel. It was built in 1933. The two-story structure features a balconied lookout on the second level, with storage on the ground level. Cables secured to deadmen keep the lookout from blowing over. The Park Service was assisted during construction by the Emergency Conservation Works Association.
The lookout was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31210181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210181" title="Eye care in Ghana">
Eye care in Ghana

Ghana, a developing country, was the first in sub-Saharan Africa to get its independence. The country's post-independence activities have not been so rosy though, coups and economic hardships have had their toll on the fortunes of the country. Though the country is endowed with a lot of natural resources, their sale to other countries has not imparted greatly on the fortunes of the land. Things are now looking brighter for the country since it return to democratic rule in 1992. Successive governments since then have done a lot to improve the country's lot.
The country's eye care system can be said to be one in its infant or growing stages. Today there are less than 300 eye care professionals taking care of the eye needs of over 23 million Ghanaians.
History.
Since Ghana's independence on March 6, 1957 when Ghana there has been much work done to promote and improve the eye care needs of Ghanaians. The main groups who are championing this goal now are mainly the Ghana Society of Ophthalmologists and the Ghana Optometric Association.
Regulatory bodies.
Ophthalmological Society of Ghana (OSG).
The Ophthalmological Society of Ghana is a professional body of ophthalmologists in Ghana which governs the practice of ophthalmology in Ghana At its inauguration in 1992, there were only 15 members including several expatriates. Currently, as of 2011, their numerical strength has increased to 50 with not less than 5 expatriates. Their objectives include promoting good eye health in Ghana, maintaining professionalism in their profession as ophthalmologists. Their activities include organizing continuous medical education for their members and collaborating with each other and members of other ophthalmological societies around the world to improve patient care. They are associated with the Illinois College of Optometry, the American Academy of Ophthalmology, and the WGA.
Ghana Optometric Association.
The Ghana Optometric Association (GOA) is the country's governing body for the optometry profession. Since 2009 all optometrists wanting to be members have been required to write a professional exam. Upon successfully passing the exam, the certification required to practice optometry is awarded. The group has about 200 members. In 2010 the Ghana Optometric Association along with the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology's Faculty of Distance Learning rolled out a two-year program to offer all members of GOA who did not have the Doctor of Optometry degree to enroll for it.
Services.
The Ministry of Health through its hospitals and health facilities is the main provider of eye care services in the country. Over the years it has taken various initiates to train more eye care professionals through the various universities, teaching hospitals, nursing schools, training schools etc. The aim of the Ministry of Health is to ensure that there is at least one functioning eye unit in every district of the country. Despite the current work, much work is still needed to improve access to eyecare in Ghana due to the low number of eye care professionals per 1000 people.
Another group that is helping the Ministry of Health in it quest for improvement is the Christian Health Association of Ghana. Thirty-five percent of Ghana's health service provision is done by the Christian Health Association of Ghana. Most of the facilities that CHAG runs have eye clinics and these aid in service delivery in those towns and villages that are situated in.
The services that eye care professionals offer are varied and include:
The chart below shows the number of eye care professionals in the various regions and also the progress made to restore sight to people with Cataracts in 2005.
Western Ghana.
Despite a population exceeding 2.1 million, the eighteen districts in Ghana's Western Region are among the least resourced in terms of eyecare services. Professional eye care services are available in four districts, Wassa West, Bibiani/Anhwiaso/Bekwai, Ahanta West and Shama Ahanta East Metropolitan.
In 2005 there were five eye care specialists in the region, comprising two ophthalmologists, two optometrists, one optician and an ophthalmic nurse. Specialists operate from the Imperial Eye Care Centre and the SAEMA district hospital in Takoradi, and from the Government Hospitals in Tarkwa and Dixcove. Supporting services are provided by the region's 106 general practitioners. International assistance is offered through Operation Eyesight Universal, which funds three district hospital satellite eye clinics in the Western Region.
Training Schools.
Ophthalmologists.
Teaching hospitals in Ghana train medical doctors for a period of three to five years in Ophthalmology. A total of at least ten years is needed to train an individual from the Undergraduate level to the level of an Ophthalmologist in Ghana.
Optometrists.
The first optometrist school in Ghana started at the department of Physics, Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in 1992. The first class had just five students and were under the tutelage of Ghana's first Optometrist, Dr. K Monny. It was opened to only to those who had had their first degrees in either Biochemistry, Physics or Biology. Graduates from the school were awarded the Postgraduate Diploma in Optometry (Pg. Dip. Optometry). In 2000, a four-year Bachelor of Science Degree program was started to phase out the Pg. Dip. Optometry program and also accelerate the training of more eye care professionals in Ghana. In 2004, just as the first batch of Optometrist with the BSc. Degree had graduated, they were enrolled for the two-year Doctor of Optometry (O.D) program. They passed out in 2007. In 2002, the University of Cape Coast also rolled out its Doctor of Optometry program. Five students enrolled for the program and graduated with the 2008 batch of O.Ds from KNUST. Today, there are about two hundred Optometrists in Ghana working hand-in-hand with other eye care professionals to save sight.
Ophthalmic nurses.
Trained nurses who wish to become ophthalmic nurses undergo a one year post nursing school training in eye care at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital. Their training involves training in detection of eye condition and referring to the right eye care professional for treatment. They also are trained in managing common disease conditions of the eye as well as training to assist the Ophthalmologist in surgery.
Opticians.
The Oyoko town in the New Juaben district of the Ashanti Region hosts Ghana's only school for the training of opticians. Secondary school graduates who qualify undergo a three-year training in lens glazing and fitting, optics and a lot more to qualify as an optician. They work closely with Optometrists in refractive therapy and refraction.
Major Eye conditions.
There are a lot of ocular conditions in Ghana and as of now virtually all conditions can be treated in the country including those that require laser surgery. Occasionally, though, some conditions require the individual being taken outside the country for treatment. Below are the more common conditions in Ghana.
Glaucoma.
Ghana is ranked second in worldwide statistics for the prevalence of glaucoma. It is estimated that 600,000 Ghanaians are said to be suffering from glaucoma out of the number, 30,000 are likely to become blind if the disease is left untreated. The statistics continues to show that 8.5 percent of persons above 40 years have the disease and 7.7 percent of persons above 30 years also are with the disease. Furthermore, 15 to 20 percent of blindness cases in Ghana are due to glaucoma. The Ghana Health Service (GHS) is the government agency responsible for health care administration and delivery in the country. GHS has over the eyes initiated various programs aimed at improving the eye care system in the country. One of such measure is the celebration of World Sight Day which falls on every second Thursday in October. In 2008, the day was celebrated under the theme “Eyes on the Future - Fight Vision Impairment in Later Life Now In Ghana, it is only Ophthalmologist who are licensed to manage glaucoma.
Challenges in Eye care.
There are many challenges in the growth of eye care sector in Ghana:
The Patient's Needs.
As the average Ghanaian becomes more enlightened concerning they eye and its conditions, eyecare professionals would be required to do more too for his or her patient. The major concerns that eye patients raise are:
With respect to the above most eye care professionals the world over are adapting ICT to help the patient better. With respect to the long wait hours, various Electronic Medical Records EMRs are being used. These do away with paper and manual recording of patient data. As such the patient does not need to wait for his or her records before seeing the doctor. EMRs the world over have been shown to reduce doctor-patient interactions by up to three times. Ghanaian Optometrist are now turning to the use of EMRs to improve their daily work. Those who are using these EMRs bear witness to this fact and are continually advocating for the use of EMRs among their colleagues. One of the EMRs in use in Ghana are:
Concerning patient education, various ICT tools are also being used. They include:
With all these new changes the sky will indeed be the limit for the well trained, well informed, computer assisted eyecare professional. And this will in turn impact positively on the Ghanaian who will seek their services.
Future.
Due to the general living conditions of the country, many citizens of Ghana are unable or unwilling to access eye care when their income is too low to pay for basic living essentials. The low number of eye care professionals in the country along with the living standard need to improve before eye care is readily accessible in Ghana. As the number of professionals in the field increase, Ghanaians will experience available, accessible and afford eye care services throughout the country.

</doc>
<doc id="31210182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210182" title="Carposina sarcanthes">
Carposina sarcanthes

Carposina sarcanthes is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 15 mm. The head is white, with a few grey specks and the thorax is grey with a curved white median bar. The abdomen is pale pinkish-ochreous. The forewings are elongate, rather narrow, posteriorly somewhat dilated, the costa gently arched, the apex obtuse and the termen straight. They are pale grey, irregularly mixed with white and somewhat sprinkled with dark fuscous. There is a semi-oval blackish blotch on base of the costa and seven dots of blackish irroration on the costa between this and the apex. There are also two small round grey spots edged beneath with blackish and circled with white beneath the costa towards the middle. The hindwings are whitish-grey, but the basal half is suffused with pale pinkish-ochreous.

</doc>
<doc id="31210185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210185" title="4LG">
4LG

4LG is an Australian radio station serving the Longreach region. It was opened in May 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="31210204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210204" title="Antestiopsis">
Antestiopsis

Antestiopsis is a genus of shield bug, commonly known as antestia and the variegated coffee bug. Several species in eastern Africa are pests of coffee plants, giving the coffee beans a distinctive 'potato taste', which is thought to be caused indirectly by bacteria entering through wounds created by the insects, leading to an increase in the concentration of isopropyl methoxy pyrazine. They feed on flowers, berries and growing tips, injecting a toxic saliva that often contains the spores of the "Ashbya" fungus, and then suck juices out.
Species.
Species include:
Control.
Throughout history , "Antestiopsis" was controlled in Kenya using pyrethrum powder.
The organophosphate fenthion has been used to control the pest in Burundi.
Laboratory experiments have found the essential oils of "Thymus vulgaris", "Ruta chalepensis" and "Chenopodium ambrosioides" cause around 90% mortality in "Antestiopsis".

</doc>
<doc id="31210217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210217" title="Jürgen Creutzmann">
Jürgen Creutzmann

Jürgen Creutzmann (born 4 October 1945 in Speyer, Germany) is a German politician and member of the liberal Free Democratic Party of Germany (FDP). He has been a member of the European Parliament since 2009.
Life and work.
Creutzmann was born in Speyer and finished secondary school in Heidelberg in 1966. Subsequently, he studied Business Administration at the University of Mannheim. After working for an audit firm, he began his career at the chemical company BASF in 1973, where he was employed until 2006. Between 1973 and 1988, he was responsible for the consolidated financial statement of the BASF SE Group. As Director Subsidiaries Accounting Services, he was responsible for the accountancy of 50 subsidiaries and holdings of BASF from 1988 until 2006.
Creutzmann is married with two children.
Political career until 2009.
In 1965, Creutzmann became a member of the Jungdemokraten, then the FDP’s youth organisation, and was elected a member of the executive board of their regional group in Rhineland-Palatinate. He joined the FDP in the subsequent year and was leader of the FDP in Speyer between 1971 and 1973. Creutzmann became a member of the executive board of the FDP Rhineland-Palatinate in 1983 and has been its treasurer since then. 
In 1998, Creutzmann became a member of the Landtag of Rhineland-Palatinate. At first, Creutzmann was spokesman of the FDP’s parliamentary group in the Landtag and its vice chairman between 1999 and 2001. From 2006 until 2009, he was spokesman for European politics. Between 2001 and 2006, he was vice president of the Landtag and subsequently leader of its committee for European affairs.
European Parliament.
In 2009, Creutzmann was elected a member of the European Parliament and accordingly resigned his seat in the Landtag. He is the treasurer and member of the executive board of the FDP’s delegation in the European Parliament, which belongs to the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE). He is a full member of the Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection, substitute member of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, and member of the Delegation for the relations with Canada. Furthermore, he is vice chairman of the SME Intergroup, a working group open to all members of parliament which is concerned with the promotion of the interests of small and medium enterprises.

</doc>
<doc id="31210224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210224" title="Mowich Lake Patrol Cabin">
Mowich Lake Patrol Cabin

The Mowich Lake Patrol Cabin is one of the oldest backcountry ranger stations in Mount Rainier National Park. Built in 1922, it is located in the western portion of the park. It was used by rangers on boundary patrol, and is located on the Wonderland Trail. The log cabin encloses a by area, with porch projecting to the front. The design was influential in the development of patrol cabin designs in the 1930s.
The cabin was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31210225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210225" title="Mont-Carmel, Prince Edward Island">
Mont-Carmel, Prince Edward Island

Mont Carmel is a Canadian village in Prince County, Prince Edward Island. The community is located in the "Evangeline Region" which is a cluster of Acadian communities in the central part of Prince County. The village is home to the Notre-dame-du-Mont-Carmel, a massive 450000-brick church built in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="31210227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210227" title="Chintakani">
Chintakani

Chintakani or Chinthakani is a Mandal in Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Villages.
The villages in Chinthakani mandal includes: Ananthasagar, Basvapuram, Bopparam, Chinamandava, Chinthakani, Jagannadhapuram, Kodumuru, Komatlagudem, Latchagudem, Mathkepalli, Nagili Gonda, Nagula Vancha, Nerada, Pandillapalli, Patharlapadu, Proddutur, Ramakrishnapuram, Seethampeta, Thimminenipalem and Vandanam Narsimhvapuram. 

</doc>
<doc id="31210249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210249" title="Glaphyrarcha">
Glaphyrarcha

Glaphyrarcha is a genus of moths of the Carposinidae family, containing only one species, Glaphyrarcha euthrepta. It is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 43 mm. The head, palpi and thorax are ochreous-brown and the face is pale ochreous. The forewings are very elongate-triangular, the costa moderately arched, the apex obtuse and the termen rather obliquely rounded. They are brownish-ochreous with some scattered extremely minute fuscous specks. There is a short fuscous darker-irrorated streak running along the base of the costa and a small dark fuscous dot in the disc. There is also a fuscous dot at end of the cell and two or three indistinct dots of dark fuscous irroration towards the termen in the middle as well as a terminal series of indistinct dark fuscous dots or marks. The hindwings and cilia are grey-whitish.

</doc>
<doc id="31210251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210251" title="Vaidehi Kathirunthal">
Vaidehi Kathirunthal

 
Vaidhegi Kaathirundhaal (English: "Vaidehi waited") is a 1984 Indian Tamil language film written and directed by R. Sundarrajan starring Vijayakanth, Revathi, Parimalam, Goundamani and Senthil. The film was successful and was considered one of the master pieces of R. Sundarrajan. The film was remade in Telugu as "Manchi Manasulu" and in Kannada as "Preethi Nee Illade Naa Hegirali"
Soundtrack.
The music composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
Production and after release.
Vijayakanth agreed to play a "soft role" at a time when he starred in many action films and was branded an action hero. Director Sundarrajan stated that the actual producers were against Vijayakanth playing the lead role in the film but that he insisted on him and made the film with another producer. He also said that this film gave Vijayakanth a big break. Sify wrote that it was one of the films that made him the "Raja of B and C stations".
The quote "Petromax light-e than venuma" ("Do you want only the petromax light?") spoken by Goundamani in the film is a popular phrase in Tamil Nadu and refers to someone wanting and persisting on something particular. The Chennai based brand Dude Thamizha prints T-shirts that carry the dialogue which are their bestsellers too. The character name of Goundamani, All in All Azhagu Raja, was also used as the title for director M. Rajesh's 2013 film.

</doc>
<doc id="31210267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31210267" title="Acantholycosa zinchenkoi">
Acantholycosa zinchenkoi

Acantholycosa zinchenkoi is a species of wolf spider only known from the Katun Mountain Range in the southwestern Altai Mountains of Russia and Kazakhstan.
This is a dark-coloured spider up to 10 mm in length. The upper side of the abdomen of the male is almost black with a reddish-brown heart-shaped marking. The underside of the abdomen is much paler. The female is generally similar to, but paler than, the male. The abdomen and legs are covered in long hairs, dense on the abdomen, sparser on the legs.

</doc>
