<doc id="31223055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223055" title="Hogan's Fountain Pavilion">
Hogan's Fountain Pavilion

The Hogan's Fountain Pavilion is a large gazebo and picnic shelter of mid-century modern architecture located within Cherokee Park, Louisville, Kentucky, built in 1965. This pavilion is available for rental for a variety of events. When not rented, the pavilion is available, at no charge, to all park visitors. Due to the welcoming nature of the facility, as well as its proximity to additional features such as nearby restrooms, parking and playground equipment, it is an extremely popular location for a diverse cross-section of the community.
Known as the City of Parks and for its unconventional architecture, it is fitting that Louisville's most popular park is home to the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion, the most prominent landmark in Cherokee Park.
Often affectionately referred to by its admiring fans as "weird" or "offbeat", the Pavilion's eccentric appearance fits in very well, in a city that prides itself on "Keeping Louisville Weird".
In 1974, the pavilion survived a Category F4 tornado with minor damage although Cherokee Park was heavily affected, losing over 2,000 mature trees to the twister. After 1994, the Parks Department and the Olmsted Parks Conservancy agreed to, and have set into motion plans for, the eventual demise and removal of the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion stating, "...removing the tepee when its natural life span ends." as part of a Master Plan to recapture the original 1892 design that Frederick Law Olmsted envisioned for Cherokee Park.
In the spring of 2010, in response to local public hearings being held in reference to the implementation of a second Master Plan, a group of local Pavilion-restoration supporters organized a grassroots effort to save the structure from demolition. As a result of this group's efforts, the Parks Department agreed to delay removal of the pavilion to allow private funds to be raised for its repair.
Geography.
The Hogan's Fountain Pavilion is located atop Bonnycastle Hill and acts as an architectural centerpiece along the 2.4 mile Scenic Loop in Cherokee Park in Louisville.
History.
Commissioned by the City Director of the Department of Parks and Recreation, George F. Kinkead in 1964, the originally named Hogan’s Fountain Pavilion and Comfort Station, which was subsequently shortened to Hogan’s Fountain Pavilion project was put out for bids. Fifteen offers were made. The highest was for $72,299. The lowest bid exceeded the $40,000 budget city officials had set aside for the project. The successful bid accepted was from C.G. Campbell & Son, Inc., and they were awarded a contract in the amount of $49,915 with a projected "ready for use" time of early May 1965.
In October 1965, Mayor William Cowger dedicated the Pavilion.
In a Local Landmark Designation Report prepared by Cynthia Johnson in 2012 for the Metro Historic Landmarks and Preservation Districts Commission, she writes of the pavilions earlier name history “…the facility was originally named the McCall Shelter in honor of Alderman C.W. “Ches” McCall who was killed in an auto accident in 1962. Although the structure was officially named for McCall, the local vernacular continues to refer to the shelter as the “Teepee.” 
Architect.
The Hogan's Fountain Pavilion was originally designed by Edward Jacob (E.J.) Schickli, Jr., of Tafel–Schickli Architects. Mr. Schickli felt that a conical "wigwam" or "teepee" shaped design was appropriate as it reflected Cherokee Park's Native American-derived name.
Born January 1928, Mr. Schickli graduated from MIT in 1950, and became a registered architect in 1954, President of the West Kentucky Chapter of the American Institute of Architects (AIA) in 1961, Designed the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion in 1964, President of the Kentucky Society of Architects in 1965 Achieving all of these prestigious accomplishments before 37 years of age.
Other prominent civic contributions by Schickli included the design of the original Louisville Zoo and Botanical Gardens in 1969 and Louisville's Standiford Field Airport expansion project in 1970, currently called the Louisville International Airport.
Being an active member of the community and the architecture industry, as late as September 2006, Schickli, then 78, served on the State of Kentucky's Division of Engineering selection committee which oversees architects selected for state funded design projects.
Schickli visited his creation in June 2010 for the first time in 15 years and was disappointed by the mentality of what he saw, that of discard the past and start anew. "That's the problem with most public and semi-public entities," Schickli said, shaking his head as he looked at the pavilion's deteriorating roof. "Money is often appropriated to build them but never to provide maintenance for them. It doesn't matter if it's this or any other structure. It's a mind-set I will never understand." He hopes the pavilion will be around for a while longer. "It has a lot of life left in it …" he said. When recently asked by the Courier-Journal about his teepee project, Schickli said he would like to see his project preserved. "It's a whimsical structure; the type of thing I believe belongs in parks."
Structure and development.
Because of the shape of the shelter, it garnered a great deal of both media and public attention. "It will be a departure from the usual rectangular-shaped shelters built in parks in the past." So it was that Al Blunk, photographer for the Louisville Times captured an early construction shot of the raising of the oversized laminated wood beams. The Times reported "Beams curve skyward, hinting at the shape of things to come …"
Design.
Striking in appearance, the pavilion's atypical, octagonal shaped roof stretches skyward. Designed to be rustic in appearance, the pavilion was intended to have a wood shake shingle roof. However, per a notation by M. Newton on February 5, 1965 onto the original blueprint; he approved the shingle change from shake to that of cement shingles laid over a single layer of 15 lb. asphalt felt.
The floor of the pavilion is constructed of a round concrete pad, originally with a large interior circular fire pit surrounded by wooden picnic tables. Above the fire pit is a substantial sized 13 foot diameter smokestack to provide proper venting. The sides of the building were left open to help facilitate cooling by transferring the warm air upward out through an opening at the top. Exiting the top of the covered roof, copper was clad to the exposed structural beams to cap them from the elements. The addition of copper gutter beds and scuppers highlight this unconventional structure.
The laminated wood beams are anchored in eight considerable sized concrete buttresses sheathed with native stone from the area. Lastly, a rectangular brick façade building was attached to the west side of the pavilion that would house the restrooms.
The finished teepee structure measures 56 feet wide by 56 feet in height. It is fitting that "tipi", a variant spelling of "teepee" translates to ti to dwell + pi used for. This further illustrates the intentionally ambitious Native American design concept Schickli had in mind for this park setting.
Surviving the Super Outbreak tornado.
On April 3, 1974 Louisville experienced unprecedented tornadic activity the likes of which have not been seen since, dubbed "The Super Outbreak". According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) in an article titled, The Super Outbreak: Outbreak of the Century, the authors reported "massive devastation, 335 dead . . . more than 6000 injured" in the storms. On a local level Tom Wills, Chief Meteorologist for WAVE 3, remembers the tornado, "… we heard reports that Cherokee Park was really devastated. So we sent out this reporter to go and check it out. We hear him back on the two-way radio …" "It's Gone!!" When asked what's gone? The reporter replied "The PARK! IT'S GONE!!!"
Approximately 2,200 or (75%) of the park’s mature tree population was decimated by that Category F4 tornado. Amongst it all, the Teepee pavilion stood strong on the lumber strewn hill seemingly none the worse for wear save for some missing shingles.
Repairs and renovations.
After the tornado an ad was placed in the Louisville Times on September 30, 1974 requesting bids on repairing the pavilions roof. Six bids were entertained with the highest being $8,975 and the lowest from Kentucky Lumber Co. who was awarded the contract for $2,110 labor. The materials for the roof consisted of 15 squares of 18” x 1/2” hand split cedar shake shingles and 160 linear feet of hip shingles at a cost of $652. Work on the roof began on September 18, 1975.
In an effort to repair the damaged roof at a cost-savings, Parks Department officials elected to place the wood shake over the existing cement shingles, without removing them, adding yet another obstacle in the saga of the pavilion supporters' restoration efforts.
$2,000 was paid on October 6, 1978 to engineers, Rangaswamy, Hatfield and Associates for their professional services rendered in detailing needed structural repairs to damaged support beams. An ad was placed in the Louisville Times Paper on December 4, 1978 requesting bids. So it was that in 1979 structural beams #6 and #7 were encased in steel to strengthen the pavilion's supports for $12,000.
What was dubbed, Phase II, of needed pavilion repairs by the Parks Department, engineers Rangaswamy, Yost and Associates were once again contracted for their recommendations. On June 30, 1983 some painting and repairs were made to the smoke hood and flue. The creek stone on the abutments was also tended to for the amount of $850. On July 15, 1983, work began to encase the water damaged beams #1, #3, #5 and #8 in steel at a cost of $16,000.
The March 2, 1989 repair drawings explained the process of inserting two rows of ¾” solid rods 12” deep thru the existing beams, plug welding and then grinding smooth, whereas the commencement of encasing beams #2 and #4 with ¼” steel began. Additionally a 90˚ bent ¼” steel plate was welded onto all eight beams to prevent children from climbing onto the roof.
Activities and amenities.
Immediately surrounding the pavilion are the following features and facilities:
Rentals.
Metro Parks has a four-tier rental rate for its shelters and pavilions. Ranking on the first-tier is Cherokee Park with the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion being the most popular site within the park, renting for $150 per day. Other tiers within the park system rent respectively for $125, $90 and $35 depending on the size of the shelter and location. The pavilions are available year round from 8am to 10pm and are free on a first come, first served basis unless otherwise posted as rented for exclusive use.
The Hogan's Fountain Pavilion remains cool in the midst of a hot Kentucky summer day insuring that the pavilion is a busy venue in the warmer months with rentals earning in excess of $18,000 a year. Church groups, Scouting troops, Non-Profit organizations, Corporations, wedding parties and families are regular rental patrons of this venue.
The Pavilion's 200 seat capacity is a significant factor in its continued popularity. There are eight grills with corresponding extra-large picnic tables affording accommodations for eight individual families under one roof. Additional picnic tables are located adjacent to the pavilion. Parking, restrooms, and a children's playground are all located within easy access.
Fall into disrepair.
After the issuance of the 1994 Master Plan for the Hogan's Fountain area by Metro Parks and the Olmsted Parks Conservancy, upkeep of the pavilion became nearly nonexistent. The lack of maintenance otherwise known as 'demolition by neglect' has taken a heavy toll on the pavilion's roof. There has not been any maintenance concerning the wood shingles since 1989, consequently the roof has degraded to a very poor condition allowing substantial moisture infiltration by the elements. Additionally, the stone surrounding the buttresses has become loosened and is separating from the concrete beneath it. Through an open records request, it was determined that from April 2007 to August 2010, the only repairs performed on the pavilion were to two barbecue grills.
The Olmsted Parks Conservancy, not bound by the City's purchasing requirements and guidelines, solicited one bid in August 2009 to repair the pavilion roof. This bid, in the amount of $148,500 was submitted by Merrick-Kemper of Louisville.
A grassroots group of concerned citizens took it upon themselves to seek out additional bids for the work. Integral Structures of Louisville, reviewed the condition of the roof and agreed to donate a substantial portion of the labor and forego any mark-up on materials for a repair cost of $82,000. The group continues to explore options to further reduce the restoration costs and make the pavilion restoration more financially feasible. Consequently, this is when fundraising began and the formalized group known as Save Hogan's Fountain Pavilion was formed.
In November 2011, Commonwealth Roofing gave an estimate of $35,895 to repair the pavilions roof which reflected a donation of the overhead and profit, as well as a portion of the labor. Included were Metro Parks approved high-end dimensioned asphalt shingles that would mimic the current wood shake, but have a longer warranty, require less maintenance, and last longer in the conditions present in the Ohio Valley.
Finally, after two years of fundraising along with public and private responsiveness the supporters had raised the necessary funds to repair the Pavilions roof. Equipped with this information the grassroots group approached the Parks Department for a logistics meeting to hash out the details. They were not equipped to deal with the last obstacle the Parks Department had for them.
Since the Pavilion is on city property there are procurement regulations that dictate the bidding process. While preparing for this, Metro Parks Department Project Manager, David Wilding was taking photographs of the pavilion when he spotted the shingles and contacted OSHA and requested that they test for asbestos.
In what seems to be a tangle of unending hurdles for the pavilion supporters, Joe Irwin, of Louisville Metro OSHA, requested an analysis of the original shingles. On March 9, 2012 QuanTEM Laboratories performed a polarized light microscopy asbestos analysis which reported the shingle sample as having 4% asbestos present. The report goes on to list the shingles as non-friable. Using this report, the Metro Parks Department has mandated a professional asbestos abatement firm remove the shingles They received a quote from National Environmental Contracting (NEC) on April 9, 2012 in the amount of $28,129, thus raising the price tag to restore the pavilion.
Controversy.
A controversy arose in May 2010, after a public meeting presented by the Louisville Metro Parks Department and the Olmsted Parks Conservancy announced the second Master Plan for the Hogan's Fountain area, including the replacement of the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion. The Plan provided for a number of changes and improvements throughout the Hogan's Fountain area, including the removal of the pavilion and its replacement with two smaller box-like structures.
The position taken by Metro Parks is that over usage of the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion and surrounding areas, as stated by John Swintosky, Louisville Metro Parks project director for the Hogan area plan, "…area has been degraded as a consequence of people's 'loving a place to death'" and "… the towering picnic shelter … is now considered the wrong style for the historic park. Margaret Brosko, Metro Parks Communications Manager, says it is cheaper to replace the pavilion than to repair it. Referring to the Olmsted Parks Conservancy's figures for roof repair of approximately $150,000 and Metro Parks figures listed on pg. 33 of the December 2010, Hogan Fountain Area Master Plan, the cost summary for demolition of the teepee shelter and walks with the building of a 25 person shelter at $300,000. This cost does not include the plans for the additional shelter, steps and walkways which are listed at an additional $450,000.
The Olmsted Parks Conservancy's primary stated goal is that of the preservation of an 1892 Olmstedian vision. That vision did not include the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion. The Olmsted Parks philosophy of "restore, enhance and preserve" has gradually implemented removal of elements that are inconsistent with the Olmsted design intent …"
Frederick Law Olmsted Sr.'s intent was very clear when he "advised the Board of Park Commissioners to resist public demands for golf courses, tennis courts, ball fields, and other forms of active recreation in the large parks." He preferred instead to provide "suitable means for making the enjoyment of the scenery of each park available to those escaping from the city, in the form of walks, roads, and places to rest." However, to date no plans have been made to remove any of these features from Cherokee Park except the pavilion. Further stated by the authors, it is important to consider "In attempting to protect the Olmsted legacy, advocates must avoid the pitfalls of elitism and arrogance."
Rachel Worley, 2011 President, AIA Central Kentucky Chapter, stated: "As the local American Institute of Architects, we recognize the importance of preserving the character and historic fabric of the structures that help define the beautiful Olmstead parks in Louisville. AIA Central Kentucky Chapter has been an advocate for historic preservation and believes that preserving this structure (the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion) would promote that mission. We believe this structure connects the community and will conserve resources by not continuing the deterioration of this existing structure."
Mimi Zinniel, President and CEO of the Louisville Olmsted Parks Conservancy, has been very vocal in expressing the Olmsted Parks Conservancy's position of replacing the teepee with two separate smaller box-like shelters as specified in the February 2010 Hogan Fountain Master Plan rendering as well as other major changes to the Hogan's Fountain area.
Rachel Kennedy, Executive Director, Preservation Kentucky spoke of the pavilion by saying, "It's scale, massing, materials, and design features are extremely complimentary to the park's setting and in no way detracts from Olmsted's courageous design for Cherokee Park. Just as Olmsted used the natural environment as a key design feature, this piece of modernism responds eloquently to its setting."
In October 2009, prior to the finalization of the Hogan Fountain Area Master Plan in December 2010, there were two alternate concepts proposed for this location. The first concept included the renovation of the existing pavilion and plans to build a second, smaller shelter to the south side of the Hogan's Fountain area. The idea being that the big shelter could be reserved for larger functions, with the smaller one available simultaneously for family picnics or smaller events. The second concept showed the removal of the existing pavilion and its replacement, along with the plans for the additional smaller shelter to the south side of the Hogan's Fountain area. In October 2009, Concept #1 of the Master Plan solved most concerns the Metro Parks had for the Hogan's Fountain area, but this option has been eliminated via the 2010 final Master Plan. Renderings of this failed option can be seen on the Louisville Metro Parks website.
Preservation efforts.
In March 2010, Louisville resident Lark Phillips led a number of concerned citizens interested in preserving and restoring the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion to form the Save Hogan's Fountain Pavilion group in hopes of saving this unusual architectural structure from demolition.
Meetings between the preservation group and Metro Parks Department Director, Mike Heitz, resulted in the temporary delay of any removal or replacement of the pavilion, if private funds can be raised to repair the iconic structure.
To the defense of the pavilion, Devin Colman, President, Recent Past Preservation Network wrote: "This type of revisionist history (demolishing and replacing) will result in the loss of a legitimately historic structure and the construction of a new building that is supposed to look old. Ultimately, such actions degrade the overall historic integrity of Cherokee Park while ignoring the fact that cultural landscapes change over time." Colman also pointed out that the Parks Department proposition was directly in violation of the U.S. Secretary of the Interior's Standards for Rehabilitation, specifically Standards #3 and #4 which read:
Fundraising.
Fundraising to save the pavilion began after receipt of Integral Structures' $82,000 roof repair bid. So it began that the Save Hogan's Fountain Pavilion group and Adam Matthews Foundation, a non-profit (501c3) organization, partnered as a fundraising vehicle to begin the restoration process. The Adam Matthews Foundation has also matched donations in the amount of $1500 towards the preservation efforts.
The group’s first fundraiser was a concert at Headliner's Music Hall in August 2010. Another one was held in December 2010, at Just Creations, a company that works directly with artisans and farmers to ensure that Fair Trade principles are practiced. They collected $146 at the monthly Community Shopping Night for Not-For-Profits that allows them 10% of profits raised during the event.
Hogan's Fountain Pavilion supporters participated in the 2010 on-line competition "We Hear You America", sponsored by Reader's Digest Magazine. They 'cheered' daily voting for their hometown's civic projects. In Louisville, repairing the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion was the overwhelming favorite of the voters. They were awarded two checks for their efforts; the first $1,000 was for being selected as one of the Best 100 Cities in America, based on participation in the contest. The second $10,000 was for being runner up in a winning city with a population of 500,000 or more residents. This award triggered a $5,000 challenge grant from Louisville Metro Councilwoman, Tina Ward-Pugh, D-9th District.
There has been various financial support from political figures, neighborhood associations, corporate and individuals starting with Councilwoman, Tina Ward-Pugh, who was the first politician to make a pledge towards the restoration of the Pavilion with an initial $5,000 challenge grant and a subsequent $5,000 matching grant. In addition, Tom Owen, Louisville Metro Councilman, D-8th District, who made a pledge to fund the last $3,800 of the cost to re-roof the Pavilion and who recently made an additional pledge of $1,000 .
Neighborhood associations surrounding Cherokee Park and the Pavilion have been generous and vocal with their support. The Belknap Neighborhood Association in April 2011 donated $250 stating, “The Tee Pee is a symbol of resilience. Its survival as a beacon of hope following the 1974 tornado is well documented in the hearts and minds of the public.” Later they made another donation of $400. Likewise, the Highland Douglass Neighborhood Association (HDNA) has donated twice; the first time in June 2011 in the amount of $300 and again in August 2012, donating an additional $500. Andrew J. Douds, President, HDNA, writes “…we believe that architecture gives meaning to the community and when threatened, alternative solutions and public opinion must be considered before change occurs that would alter what is familiar and necessary to the community.” Additional donations have been made by Deer Park Neighborhood Association who contributed $300, as well as the Bonnycastle Homestead Association delivering $150 in June 2011.
Several volunteers of the grassroots group have manned booths at various local festivals spreading the message and raising awareness within the community, in conjunction with collecting donations. One successful fundraising method used by the group has been selling t-shirts. T-shirt sales have been so popular that the brown 2010 and the purple 2011 versions have sold out.
The group also undertook a small letter writing campaign to notify organizations who had patronized the pavilion that they were working to save it and asking for donations and or support. One such letter produced a $1,000 donation from YUM Brands.
The local community has rallied together coming up with creative ideas for fundraising. One such event was held by O’Shea’s Family of Pubs on what they call Fund Day, in which 100% of the net profits from all food and drink at O’Shea’s Pub and Flanagan’s Ale House were designated to benefit the Hogan’s Fountain Pavilion. In June 2011 they presented a check totaling $2,500 to the grassroots group.
On Facebook, an event titled the Louisville Hippie’s Reunion/Benefit Hogans Fountain TeePee was held on August 5, 2012 at Stevie Ray’s Blues Bar in downtown Louisville. Several bands donated their time and talent for the cause as well as the receipt of several donated handmade items. Proceeds from the event netted the pavilion group $1,700 towards its much needed repairs.
Additionally, the pavilions architect was present and gave a speech in which when asked “How long did you think the structure would stand?” Answered “Well, my body at almost 85 years of age, it’s stood along time, but I’ve had maintenance; and if I had so little maintenance as that structure I would have been gone long ago.” 
In honor of their father, the sons of Mr. Schickli, have respectfully donated $5,000 and allocated a $5,000 dollar for dollar matching grant beginning in September 2011 that was met eagerly. Upon completion they donated an addition $500.
As of August 2012 the Save Hogan's Fountain Pavilion group has raised over $45,000 towards its goal to repair the roof of the pavilion.
Opponents.
As of March 2011, the Louisville Metro Parks Department and the Olmsted Parks Conservancy, through various public meetings, newspaper articles and television interviews, have expressed opposition to the restoration and preservation of the Pavilion.
"Whenever possible, and when funds permit, structures should be renovated or replaced in a manner that's consistent with Olmsted's design philosophy. In the case of the Hogan's Fountain teepee, we believe that it is out of character with this Olmsted Park, and the community would be best served with a new shelter." Margaret Brosko said on behalf of Metro Parks and the conservancy, which raises money to support projects in the Olmsted Parks.
Mimi Zinniel, President and CEO of the Louisville Olmsted Parks Conservancy says, "Its design, its structure, its size and its location really invites a lot of concentrated use and that can cause things like erosion, soil compaction and damage to nearby historic trees".
Supporters.
"It's important to preserve significant architecture that makes Louisville unique." said Tammy Madigan, a spokeswoman for the teepee supporters.
The Courier-Journal reported that "Over the past year, the effort to protect the pavilion has drawn support from the Kentucky Heritage Council, Preservation Kentucky, Preservation Louisville, Louisville Historical League, the Southern Regional Office of the National Trust for Historic Preservation …" among others.
The Hogan's Fountain Pavilion recently received a letter from Richard Guy Wilson, Commonwealth Professor, Architectural History, University of Virginia and noted author. Wilson is also a commentator on the History Channel's "America's Castles." In his recommendation to nominate the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion as one of "America's 11 Most Endangered Historic Places" to the National Trust for Historic Preservation he wrote: "This vision of the American past as a sanitized place in which nothing ever changes is not very smart, especially when you have such an outstanding design as Hogan's Pavilion."
"Here, the community supports saving this structure and it would be an unfortunate irony if it were to be razed." says, Steve Wiser, President, Louisville Historical League. From Marianne Zickuhr, Executive Director with Preservation Louisville, "We recognize that the Hogan's Fountain Teepee is an important part of the Highlands area and plays a role in its cultural history."
Dr. Daniel Vivian, Assistant Professor and Director, Public History Program, University of Louisville spoke of “…the need for sympathetic care and stewardship…” for the pavilion. He summed up by saying, “…the pavilion is a locally-important example of midcentury recreational architecture. Its design represents an innovative, highly-distinctive union of modernist influences and traditional modes of park architecture.”
Mark Dennen, Executive Director and State Historic Preservation Officer for the Kentucky Heritage Council said, "It is my opinion that the Pavilion is a fine example of modernist architecture and worthy of protection. Not only has the Pavilion become an icon in Cherokee Park, but it has proven to be a focal point for gatherings since it was constructed. The loss of this structure would be a sad loss for Louisville."
In September 2011, the citizens of Louisville voted in the Annual LEO Reader’s Choice Awards. The Hogan’s Fountain Pavilion garnered number one in Best Local Landmark and the grassroots group, Save Hogan’s Fountain Pavilion, ranked number two in the Best Nonprofit category. One of the groups Co-Chairs, Lark Phillips, was awarded Best Community Role Model. Once again in September 2012, the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion was voted among the top Louisville Landmarks and Beth Hafling of Save Hogan's Fountain Pavilion group was voted Best Community Role Model in the Annual LEO Reader’s Choice Awards.
On October 14, 2011, Rachel Kennedy, Director of Preservation Kentucky, announced that the Hogan’s Fountain Pavilion had been placed on its 2011 – 2012 Most Endangered Historic Places in Kentucky List. E.J. Schickli, Jr., was present for the designation and spoke about his creation.
Landmarking.
In an effort to preserve the Pavilion after its restoration the grassroots group gathered over 400 signatures via a petition and submitted them along with a $500 fee with the application to the Historic Landmarks and Preservation Districts Commission early August 2011.
More than a year after submitting their application to the Landmarks Commission, a Historic Landmarks Designation Hearing was held on September 24, 2012. On the agenda was case #18003, the Pavilion. As referenced on the Louisvilleky.gov website “The purpose of the public hearing will be to receive testimony and to consider the question of local landmark designation for the Hogan’s Fountain Pavilion...”. Included in the proceedings was a 29-page Landmark Designation Report drafted and submitted by Cynthia Johnson, Preservation Officer, Historic Landmarks and Preservation Districts Commission.
After four and a half hours of contentious testimony the hearing concluded with Hogan’s Fountain Pavilion being designated with official individual Local Landmark status. The Commission voted five yay, zero nay, with two abstentions.
As with most architecture, the Hogan's Fountain Pavilion in Cherokee Park is many things to many people. Still today, this celebrated structure is capturing the attention of architects, historians, preservationists and educators.

</doc>
<doc id="31223061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223061" title="Yitzhak Kariv">
Yitzhak Kariv

Yitzhak Kariv (, born in Russia, 1902–1999) was the mayor of the Israeli part of Jerusalem from 1952 to 1955, and a banker.
As a member of the Mizrachi political party, he was appointed as a compromise between the parties of the city hall, after Jerusalem’s first elected mayor, Zalman Shragai, had resigned. On April 1955, a few months before the following elections, he was replaced fired by the Minister of Interior, who replaced him with an appointed committee (ועדה קרואה).

</doc>
<doc id="31223062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223062" title="Skelhøje">
Skelhøje

Skelhøje is a small Danish village with a population of 523 (1 January 2014). Its located near Dollerup Hills in central Jutland.
The Herning-Viborg state railway line was opened in 1906 to develop economy in a remote part of Jutland. One of the new stations on the railway line was Skelhøje Station on a place with no inhabitants. During some decades Skelhøje grew to a place of some commercial importance with shops, dairy, bakery, slaughterhouse etc. The railway line closed in 1971. The former inn is today the community house, run by the villagers (Skelhøje Kulturhus), and with rooms for rent for hikers.

</doc>
<doc id="31223072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223072" title="Petit Rouge">
Petit Rouge

Petit Rouge is a red Italian wine grape variety that ampelographers believe is indigenous to the Valle d'Aosta region of northwest Italy. However, there is some confusion about whether Petit Rouge is the same variety as the red Swiss wine grape Rouge de Valais.
The grape is somewhat obscure and is not widely grown outside the Valle d'Aosta where it is primarily a blending variety but some varietal wines are produced. In blends, it adds floral aroma notes and dark color to the wines.
Wine regions.
Petit Rouge is primarily found in the Valle d'Aosta region of northwest Italy between Piedmont and the Alps separating Italy from France and Switzerland. In general, altitude determines which varieties of grapes may be grown in a particular location, with reds growing at lower elevations and whites at higher elevations. However, despite its high altitude and mountainous location, nearly 90% of the wine in the Valle d'Aosta is red or "rosé" with Petit Rouge playing a considerable role in many of the blends produced under the "Denominazione di Origine Controllata" (DOC) designation of the region. This is because the variety thrives during the hot, dry mouths of the summer, allowing time to develop sufficient sugar levels and physiological ripeness.
DOC regulations.
Within the Valle d'Aosta DOC, Petit Rouge must be harvested below a maximum yield of 12 tonnes/hectare and be fermented to a minimum alcohol level of 9.5%. Prior to release, the wines must be aged a minimum of 6 months which may include some time in oak. Within the larger regional DOC are several smaller DOCs that may also include Petit Rouge. These include:
Viticulture and winemaking.
Ampelographer can identify the Petit Rouge vine by the small "dusty" colored grapes that, according to wine expert Jancis Robinson, can almost look gray. During the growing season, the variety is late ripening and is often harvested with low levels of acidity. This is one reason why it is often blended where it can improve the color of the usually light-colored Valle d'Aosta wines while adding floral notes to the bouquet.
Synonyms.
Over the years Petit Rouge and its wines have been known under various synonyms including Orion gris, Oriou, Oriou Curare, Oriou gris, Oriou Lombard, Oriou Petit-Rouge, Oriou Picciou, Oriou Voirard, Petit Rouge de Chatillion, Piccion Roza, Ricciou Oriou, Picciou Radzo, Picciou Rouge, Picciou Rozo, Picciourouzzo, Pitchou Rodza and Ricciou Rouge.

</doc>
<doc id="31223082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223082" title="Pylaia-Chortiatis">
Pylaia-Chortiatis

Pylaia–Chortiatis () is a municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece, consisting of three suburbs of Thessaloniki. The seat of the municipality is Panorama.
Municipality.
The municipality Pylaia–Chortiatis was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 3 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31223083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223083" title="Belgium at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
Belgium at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Belgium competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. Belgian Olympic Committee sent the nation's largest delegation to the Games since 1976. A total of 119 athletes, 75 men and 44 women, competed in 16 sports. There was only a single competitor in slalom canoeing, BMX cycling, equestrian dressage, rowing, shooting, table tennis, and weightlifting. Field hockey, was the only team event in which Belgium had its representation in these Olympic games. 
The Belgian team featured twins and national track stars Kevin and Jonathan Borlee, and the defending champion Tia Hellebaut in the women's high jump. Hellebaut was also appointed by the Belgian Olympic Committee to carry the nation's flag at the opening ceremony. Table tennis player and multiple-time world champion Jean-Michel Saive became the first Belgian athlete to compete in seven Olympic games. Equestrian show jumper Jos Lansink was also at his seventh Olympic appearance as an individual athlete, having participated as part of the Belgian team since 2004 (three of his appearances were represented for the Netherlands). 
Belgium, however, failed to win the gold medal for the first time since 2004, but left London with only three medals. Judoka Charline van Snick and laser sailor Evi van Acker settled for the bronze medals in their respective sports, while Lionel Cox won the silver in rifle shooting.
Athletics.
Belgian athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):
Canoeing.
Slalom.
Belgium has so far qualified boats for the following events
Sprint.
Belgium has so far qualified boats for the following events
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)
Cycling.
Track.
The Belgian Olympic Committee sent Gijs Van Hoecke home from the London Games after pictures appeared in British newspapers of him looking drunk and being carried into a taxi after a night out in the city.
Field hockey.
Both the men's team and women's team have qualified and will consist of 16 players each.
Rowing.
Belgium has qualified the following boats.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing.
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Swimming.
Swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Triathlon.
Belgium has qualified the following athletes.
Weightlifting.
Belgium has qualified 1 man.

</doc>
<doc id="31223087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223087" title="Kenelm Digby (of Stoke Dry)">
Kenelm Digby (of Stoke Dry)

Kenelm Digby (c1518–1590) was an English MP and High Sheriff.
He was born in Stoke Dry (or Drystoke) in Rutland, the eldest son of Sir Everard Digby and Margery (née Heydon) Digby and educated at Brasenose College, Oxford and the Middle Temple. He should not be confused with Sir Kenelm Digby (1603–1665), also son of a Sir Everard Digby (executed for taking part in the Gunpowder Plot), of Buckinghamshire.
He was first elected to parliament as MP for Stamford in 1539. He was then appointed High Sheriff of Rutland in 1541.
He was returned as MP for Rutland (as senior knight of the shire) in successive parliamentary elections in 1545, 1547, 1553 (March) and 1553 (October), 1555, 1558, 1559, 1571, 1572 and 1584. He was also appointed High Sheriff of Rutland a further six times in 1549, 1553, 1561, 1567, 1575 and 1585. He wes custos rotulorum for Rutland from c.1559 until his death.
He died in 1590 at the age of 70 plus and was buried in the church at Stoke Dry where his effigy lies. He had married Anna Cope, the daughter of Sir Anthony Cope; they had three sons and six daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31223094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223094" title="Brazil at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
Brazil at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Brazil competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. This was the nation's twenty-first appearance at the Summer Olympics, excluding the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam. The Brazilian Olympic Committee (, "COB") sent a total of 258 athletes to the Games, 136 men and 122 women, to compete in 24 sports.
Brazil left London with a total of 17 Olympic medals (3 gold, 5 silver, and 9 bronze). This was the nation's most successful Olympics, winning the largest number of medals at a single games, and surpassing two medals short of the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, and of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Four of these medals were each awarded to the team in judo and volleyball, three in boxing, and two in swimming. Brazil's team-based athletes proved particularly successful in London, as the indoor volleyball teams and men's football team won gold and silver medals, respectively. The women's volleyball team also managed to defend its Olympic title from Beijing. For the first time since 1992, Brazil did not win an Olympic medal in athletics. 
Among the nation's medalists were gymnast Arthur Zanetti, and modern pentathlete Yane Marques, who both won Brazil's first Olympic medals in their respective sports. Sailor Robert Scheidt, who took the bronze in London, became one of the most successful Brazilian athletes in history with a total of five Olympic medals, tying his record with Torben Grael. Brothers Esquiva and Yamaguchi Falcão set the nation's historical record, as they each achieved an Olympic medal in men's boxing for the first time since 1968.
With Rio de Janeiro being the host city of the 2016 Summer Olympics, a Brazilian segment was performed during the closing ceremony.
Delegation.
The Brazilian Olympic Committee selected a team of 258 athletes, 136 men and 122 women, to compete in all sports, except badminton and field hockey; it was the nation's second-largest team sent to the Olympics, failing by only five athletes short of the record in Beijing. There was only a single competitor in archery, slalom canoeing, modern pentathlon, and freestyle wrestling. Brazil also marked its Olympic return in men's basketball after a sixteen-year absence.
The Brazilian team featured three defending champions from Beijing, including long jumper Maurren Maggi and freestyle swimmer César Cielo, who both became the nation's first athletes to win gold in their sporting events. Equestrian show jumper Rodrigo Pessoa, and table tennis player Hugo Hoyama became the second and third Brazilian athlete to compete in six Olympic games. Pessoa, a triple Olympic medalist, was also the nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony. Meanwhile, three athletes made their fifth Olympic appearance: beach volleyballer and double medalist Emanuel Rego, sailor and multiple-time medalist Robert Scheidt, and football player Formiga. Equestrian eventing rider Serguei Fofanoff, at age 43, was the oldest athlete of the team, while slalom kayaker Ana Sátila was the youngest at age 16.
Other notable Brazilian athletes featured NBA basketball players Leandro Barbosa and Tiago Splitter, taekwondo jin and bronze medalist Natália Falavigna, double New York marathon champion Marílson dos Santos, and medley swimmer and multiple-time Pan American games medalist Thiago Pereira.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games. Note that reserves in fencing, field hockey, football, and handball are not counted as athletes:
Archery.
Brazil has qualified one archer.
Athletics.
Brazilian athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):
Basketball.
Both Brazil's men and women basketball teams are qualified for the events.
Boxing.
Brazil has qualified boxers for the following events
Canoeing.
Slalom.
Brazil has qualified boats for the following events
Sprint.
Brazil has qualified boats for the following events
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)
Cycling.
Brazil has so far qualified 6 cyclists for the following events
Diving.
Brazil has so far qualified four divers for the games
Equestrian.
Brazil have qualified the full quota in show jumping. Brazil has qualified the full quota in eventing and a single athlete in dressage.
Fencing.
Brazil has qualified 3 fencers.
Football.
Both Brazil's men and women football teams are qualified for the events.
Gymnastics.
Artistic.
Brazil has so far qualified 3 men in the individual all-around and qualified a women team.
Handball.
Brazil has qualified for the women's event by winning the 2011 Pan American Games.
Modern pentathlon.
Brazil has so far qualified one athlete.
Rowing.
Brazil has qualified the following boats.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing.
Nine Brazilian sailors have so far qualified to compete in London.
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Shooting.
Two Brazilian shooters have so far qualified to compete in London.
Swimming.
Brazilian swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)): Glauber Silva obtained qualification for 100 m butterfly event but was removed from the Olympic team after drawing doping suspension.
Qualifiers for the latter rounds (Q) of all events were decided on a time only basis, therefore positions shown are overall results versus competitors in all heats.
Synchronized swimming.
Brazil has qualified 2 quota places in synchronized swimming.
Table tennis.
Brazil has qualified 6 athletes.
Tennis.
Brazil has qualified four different players in the men's singles and doubles competitions.
Triathlon.
Brazil has qualified 2 men and 1 woman.
Volleyball.
Indoor.
The men's team qualified in third place at the 2011 FIVB Men's World Cup. The women's team secured a berth after winning the South American qualification.
Weightlifting.
Brazil has qualified 1 man and 1 woman.
Wrestling.
Brazil has qualified in the following event.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="31223099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223099" title="EAR 59 class">
EAR 59 class

The East African Railways 59 Class Garratt was the largest, heaviest and most powerful steam locomotive to operate on any metre gauge railway in the world. Thirty-four of these oil-fired locomotives were supplied to EAR in 1955-56 by Beyer, Peacock & Co. Ltd of Manchester.
Description.
The locomotives had a 4-8-2+2-8-4 wheel arrangement, weighed 252 tons, and delivered a tractive effort of . They were designed to haul 1,200-ton trains on 1.5% gradients and were the mainstay of freight services on the 330-mile run from Mombasa to Nairobi until the late 1970s.
During normal service the locomotives were manned by two regular crews on a 'caboose' basis, one working and one resting in a van with sleeping accommodation, changing over at eight-hour intervals.
The engines, many with Sikh drivers, were kept very clean and the cabs were polished and immaculate. The most famous was 5918 "Mount Gelai" with a devoted crew known as the 'Magnificent Foursome' who worked her for 16 years.
According to railway photographer Colin Garratt (in 1975), 'the overall condition of "Mount Gelai" is possibly unrivalled anywhere in the world today. Her cab interior is more akin to a Sikh Temple than a locomotive footplate for its boiler face abounds in polished brasswork, embellished with mirrors, clocks, silver buckets and a linoleum floor'.
Withdrawal started in 1973 with the last locomotive ("Mount Gelai") removed from service in April 1980 when it was driven by its long time driver, Kirpal Singh directly to the railway museum. Mr Singh retired from railway service the same day. Together with "Mount Gelai, Mount Shengena" was also saved from the scrapyard and both are now preserved by the Nairobi Railway Museum.
In August 2001 "Mount Gelai" was removed from the Railway Museum and towed to Kenya Railways main works for overhaul to operating condition. Between November 2001 and September 2005 the locomotive made three round trips to Mombasa hauling excursion trains. It was also used on a least one occasion to haul a freight train to Nairobi due to a diesel locomotive shortage. However, it has not operated outside the confines of Nairobi since 2005 and is unlikely to do so again due to operational restrictions and the re-gauging of Kenya's railways from to standard (Stephenson's) Gauge of .
Names.
The locomotives were named after mountains in East Africa:

</doc>
<doc id="31223101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223101" title="Verticity">
Verticity

In the history of physics, verticity (Latin: "verticitate") is the tendency of magnets, among other things, to move around or toward the vertices or poles of the Earth. Scholars of the English Renaissance typically associated verticity with magnets. Francis Bacon argued that the verticity seen in magnets is also spread amply throughout the cosmos and explains the motion of oceans, winds, and even celestial bodies.
Bacon formulated his unusual theory partly in response to the acclaimed 1600 treatise "On the Magnet and Magnetick Bodies, and on That Great Magnet the Earth", written by William Gilbert. Gilbert discussed two kinds of verticity. "Surface verticity" is the tendency to point north found in ordinary "loadstones" and magnetised iron. This verticity was a weaker expression of a much more powerful sort of verticity intrinsic to the core of the Earth. Gilbert was an early adopter of geomotivism, and this so-called "deep verticity" was his explanation of the then-controversial idea that the Earth spun on its axis. Deep verticity also explained surface verticity. Over time, pieces of the core are dislodged, their verticity corrupted and weakened by exposure to the degraded matter of Earth's crust, and the result is the variety of weak magnets found nearer the Earth's surface.
Bacon rejected much of Gilbert's magnetic theory. He denied both geomotivism and deep verticity. He adopted the Telesian view that the core of Earth was cold, passive, and unmoving. Earth did not rotate and its core was certainly absent any magnetic properties. He attributed the verticity of magnets not to Earth's core, but rather associated it with the general tendency of everything "other" than Earth's core to move "westward" around the center of the Earth. The Atlantic Ocean moved westward and ricocheted off the Eastern coast of the New World, creating the tides. The planets, stars, sun and moon moved westward across the sky. The rotation of magnets was simply a weak manifestation of the same kind of westward migration undertaken daily by sundry terrestrial and celestial objects.
An open question is why Bacon was moved to give a unified account of the motion of magnets and other natural movers. Graham Rees tentatively suggested (2006, p. liii) that Bacon tended to conceive related occurrences as part of a spectrum. It might have seemed to Bacon that magnets are part of a continuum encompassing the unturning Earth, the weakly rotation-prone magnets on Earth's surface, and the westward-hurtling planets above.

</doc>
<doc id="31223110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223110" title="Netherlands at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
Netherlands at the 2012 Summer Olympics

The Netherlands competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. Dutch athletes have competed in every Summer Olympic games since its official debut in 1908. Netherlands, however, boycotted the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, because of the Soviet invasion of Hungary. The Netherlands National Olympic Committee (, "NOC*NSF") sent the nation's smallest delegation to the Games since 1988. A total of 188 athletes, 105 men and 83 women, competed in 18 sports.
Netherlands left London with a total of 20 Olympic medals (6 gold, 6 silver, and 8 bronze), finishing thirteenth in the overall medal standings. Four of these medals were each awarded to the team in swimming and equestrian, and three each in cycling and sailing. Four Dutch athletes won more than a single Olympic medal in London. With the absence of baseball and softball at the Olympics, Netherlands' team-based athletes proved successful in London, as the men's and women's national field hockey teams won gold and silver medals, respectively. For the first time in its history, Netherlands had won an Olympic medal in BMX cycling.
Among the nation's medalists were cyclist Marianne Vos, who took her second gold medal this time in women's road race, windsurfer Dorian van Rijsselberghe, who became the second Dutch man to claim an Olympic title since 1984, and gymnast Epke Zonderland, who won the Netherlands' first ever gold medal in his sport after 84 years. Anky van Grunsven, who won bronze in London, emerged as the greatest equestrian rider in the entire Olympic history, with a total of nine medals (three of them gold). Meanwhile, Ranomi Kromowidjojo became one of the most successful Dutch swimmers in history, with a total of four Olympic medals (including two golds in London), and three Olympic records.
Competitors.
NOC*NSF selected a team of 188 athletes, 105 men and 83 women, to compete in 18 sports; it was the nation's eighth-largest team sent to the Olympics, but the smallest since 1988. Field hockey was the only team-based sport in which the Netherlands had its representation in these Olympic games. There was only a single competitor in archery, badminton, fencing, shooting, and taekwondo.
The Dutch team featured three defending Olympic champions (dressage rider Anky van Grunsven, the women's freestyle swimming team, and the women's national field hockey team). Van Grunsven, eight-time medalist and the oldest member of the team, at age 44, became the first Dutch female athlete to compete in seven Olympic games. Beach volleyballer Richard Schuil was at his fifth appearance, having participated in the Olympics since the sport's introduction in 1996. Meanwhile, gymnast Céline van Gerner, at age 17, was the youngest athlete of the team. Windsurfer Dorian van Rijsselberghe, who claimed seven World cup titles and a single world championship title for his event, became the Netherlands' flag bearer at the opening ceremony.
Among the Dutch athletes in the team, several of them were born outside the Netherlands. Sprinter Churandy Martina played for two of his previous Olympics under the Netherlands Antilles, which was dissolved in 2010. Two other athletes competed for their respective nations before representing the Netherlands: table tennis player Elena Timina, who made her first two Olympic appearances under the Unified Team and Russia, and field hockey player Marilyn Agliotti, who played for the South African team in Sydney. 
Other notable Dutch athletes featured gymnast Epke Zonderland, who called himself "The Flying Dutchman" for his astonishing display in the men's horizontal bar exercises, swimmer and world short course champion Ranomi Kromowidjojo, judokas Edith Bosch and Elisabeth Willeboordse, who both previously won the bronze medal in Beijing, and cyclist Marianne Vos, a former Olympic champion who later competed in the women's road race.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games:
Archery.
Netherlands has qualified the following archers.
Athletics.
Dutch athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):
Cycling.
Netherlands has so far qualified cyclists for the following events.
Fencing.
Netherlands has qualified 1 fencer.
Judo.
Netherlands has qualified 9 judokas
Rowing.
The following quota place has been qualified for the Netherlands rowing squad at the Games 
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing.
Netherlands has qualified 1 boat for each of the following events
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race;
Shooting.
The following quota place has been qualified for the Netherlands shooting squad at the Games;
Swimming.
Dutch swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Table tennis.
Netherlands has qualified a women's team.
Taekwondo.
Netherlands has qualified 1 athlete.
Triathlon.
Netherlands has qualified the following athletes.
Sponsors.
National house.
The Holland Heineken House in Alexandra Palace was the Dutch meeting place for supporters, athletes and other followers during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. The Holland Heineken House opened their doors at the day of the opening ceremony on 27 July 2012 and closed on the day of the closing ceremony, 12 August 2012. Due to the expected numbers of visitors, tickets had to be bought in advance. With about six thousand visitors per day, over hundred thousand visitors visited the Dutch national home during the Games.
Clothes.
Suitsupply is the official supplier of the 2012 Dutch Olympic team. and was awarded best Olympic outfit by multiple websites among which Yahoo Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="31223117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223117" title="PrepStar College Recruiting">
PrepStar College Recruiting

PrepStar College Recruiting, known also as "PrepStar", is an online magazine at www.prepstar.com, which was established in 1982. It provides information on the top football and basketball prospects in the United States. The online magazine is produced by College Sports USA, which was founded by Jeff Duva, a former college quarterback, and Jack Wright.
In 1999, Duva was its publisher, and Rick Kimbrel was its editor. It is located in Woodland Hills, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31223120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223120" title="Melvindale High School">
Melvindale High School

Melvindale High School is a public school located within Melvindale, Michigan, which is in the Downriver area. This school is offered to students that are in grades 9-12. It is within the Melvindale-Northern Allen Park School District.
History.
Melvindale High School was first built as a one-room school house in 1882. In 1923, the second room for this school house was added on. Since the population of the surrounding area grew, many bonds were granted to the district and Quandt School (MHS's former name) was finally established by 1927. Now, there are four schools within the district: Melvindale High School (9-12), Strong Middle School (6-8), Allendale Elementary (2-5), and Rogers Early Elementary (K-1).
Varsity Athletics.
Melvindale High School is a member of the Downriver League. Sports offered here are: Basketball (Boys & Girls), Baseball (Boys), Wrestling (Boys), Volleyball (Girls), Track and field (Boys & Girls), Cheerleading (Girls), Softball (Girls), Football (Boys), and Soccer (Boys & Girls). Their major sports rival is with Allen Park High School. The rivalry between these two schools is called "The Battle of Two Brothers". Allen Park is considered the "Big Brother" in this rivalry because it is a bigger school in a bigger city, Melvindale High School is the "Little Brother". Allen Park, Michigan neighbors Melvindale.
Notable Finishes
In wrestling alone, there have been four state champions, and three runner-ups. 
Gary Szalka was MHS's baseball head coach from 1971-2006. He has the most wins in Melvindale Athletics as a coach with 648. Gary Szalka has the 10th highest total of all-time wins among head coaches in Michigan. Szalka is responsible for 12 league championships, 11 district championships, 34 winning seasons, and had 18 of his teams ranked in MIchigan's top 10. Szalka was also named Coach of the Year 13 times

</doc>
<doc id="31223121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223121" title="New Zealand at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
New Zealand at the 2012 Summer Olympics

New Zealand competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. This was the nation's twenty-fourth appearance at the Olympics. The New Zealand Olympic Committee sent 184 athletes, 97 men, and 87 women to the Games to compete in 16 sports, the nation's largest ever delegation.
New Zealand left London with a total of thirteen medals (six gold, two silver, and five bronze), finishing fifteenth in the overall medal standings. This was considered one of the nation's most successful Olympics, winning the second-largest number of gold medals behind eight at the 1984 Summer Olympics, and tying with the 1988 Summer Olympics for the largest number of medals. Five of these medals were awarded to the team in rowing, three in cycling, two in sailing, and one each in athletics, canoeing, and equestrian. Among the nation's medallists were rower Mahé Drysdale, who won gold in the men's single sculls, and track cyclists Sam Bewley, Marc Ryan, and Jesse Sergent, who managed to repeat the bronze from Beijing in men's team pursuit. New Zealand also ranked highly in medal tables adjusted for country populations, placing fourth for total medals per capita, gold medals per capita and weighted medals per capita.
During the games, New Zealand achieved its 100th overall Olympic medal. The gold medal was won by kayaker Lisa Carrington in the women's K-1 200 metres. However, if the three medals won by New Zealand athletes in 1908 and in 1912 as part of Australasia are included, the 100th medal would be the silver claimed by sailors Peter Burling and Blair Tuke from the open skiff class.
Originally, New Zealand won five gold medals: three in rowing, one in sailing, and the last canoeing. On 13 August 2012, however, the International Olympic Committee stripped Belarusian shot putter Nadzeya Ostapchuk of her gold medal after testing positive for anabolic steroid metenolone. On 19 September 2012, silver medallist Valerie Adams was subsequently awarded and received her gold medal at a public ceremony in Auckland.
Delegation.
The New Zealand Olympic Committee selected a team of 184 athletes, 97 men and 87 women, to compete in sixteen sports. It was the nation's largest delegation sent to the Olympics, surpassing the 182 athletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Field hockey and football were the only team-based sports in which New Zealand had representatives at the Games. For the first time in Olympic history, New Zealand did not qualify teams in basketball since its official debut in 2000. There was only a single competitor in judo, shooting, tennis, and weightlifting.
The New Zealand team featured past Olympic medallists, including the defending champion Valerie Adams in the women's shot put event. Equestrian eventing rider Mark Todd, at age 56, the oldest member of the team, became the first New Zealand athlete to compete in eight Olympic games. Todd's compatriot Andrew Nicholson was at his seventh appearance, having participated in the Olympics since 1984 (except the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where he was not selected). Meanwhile, football player Cameron Howieson, at age 17, was the youngest member of the team. Other notable New Zealand athletes featured rower and five-time world champion Mahé Drysdale in men's singles sculls, triathlete and double Olympic medallist Bevan Docherty, BMX rider Sarah Walker, who missed out of the medal standings in Beijing, and sailors Hamish Pepper and Peter Burling. Middle-distance runner Nick Willis, who won New Zealand's first Olympic track medal in Beijing since 1976, was the nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony.
Originally, New Zealand officiated a total of 185 athletes to compete at the Olympics. On 20 July, middle-distance runner Adrian Blincoe, however, withdrew from the games because of an ankle injury.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games. Note that reserves in fencing, field hockey, football, and handball are not counted as athletes:
Athletics.
Athletes from New Zealand achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):
Boxing.
New Zealand has qualified two women's boxers.
Canoeing.
Slalom.
New Zealand has qualified boats for the following events
Sprint.
New Zealand has qualified boats for the following events
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A; FB=Final B; OB=Olympic best
Cycling.
New Zealand has qualified cyclists for the following events
Track.
R=Repechage
Equestrian.
Eventing.
"#" indicates that the score of this rider does not count in the team competition, since only the best three results of a team are counted.
Field hockey.
New Zealand qualified a men's and a women's team for the 2012 Summer Olympics on the back of the women's team winning and the men's team coming second in the 2011 Oceania Cup. As per regulations, each team was made up of 16 players, plus an additional two reserves travelling with the team but not participating.
Football.
The New Zealand's men's football team qualified for the event by winning the 2012 OFC Men's Pre-Olympic Football Tournament. The New Zealand's women's football team also qualified by defeating Papua New Guinea in the OFC qualifying competition.
Judo.
New Zealand has qualified 1 judoka
Rowing.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing.
New Zealand qualified 1 boat for each of the following events
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race;
Shooting.
New Zealand has qualified 1 quota place.
Swimming.
New Zealand swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Taekwondo.
New Zealand has so far qualified the following quota places.
Tennis.
New Zealand has qualified one women's tennis player
Triathlon.
New Zealand has a total of 6 quota places – 3 each for both the men's and women's triathlon.
Weightlifting.
New Zealand has qualified the following quota places.

</doc>
<doc id="31223126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223126" title="Lysgård">
Lysgård

Lysgård is a small Danish village with a population of 101 (1 January 2010). Its located 15 km south from Viborg near Dollerup Hills in central Jutland.

</doc>
<doc id="31223131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223131" title="Robert Markowitz">
Robert Markowitz

Robert Markowitz (born February 7, 1935 in Irvington, New Jersey) is an American film director and television director. He has directed a number television films that include "Too Young to Die?" (1990), "Decoration Day" (1990), "Because Mommy Works" (1994), "The Tuskegee Airmen" (1995), "The Great Gatsby" (2000), "The Pilot's Wife" (2003), "Word of Honor" (2003) and among other films.
He also directed episodes "Delvecchio", "Serpico" and the anthology series "Amazing Stories".
His last directing credit was the TNT television film "Avenger" (2003) starring Sam Elliott and Timothy Hutton.

</doc>
<doc id="31223145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223145" title="Vinet">
Vinet

Vinet is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31223162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223162" title="Libyan Jamahiriya Broadcasting Corporation">
Libyan Jamahiriya Broadcasting Corporation

Libyan Jamahiriya Broadcasting Corporation (LJBC) () was the state-run broadcasting organization in Libya under the rule of Muammar Gaddafi. It distributed news in coordination with the Jamahiriya News Agency in accordance with state laws controlling Libya media.
Stations run by the LJBC include:
Long occupied by Abdallah Mansour, the General Manager of the company has since January 2009 been Mohammed Ali Kilani, "poet of the revolution" and former manager of a production company. 
On 22 August 2011, the organization was rendered defunct when its channels were taken off-air by anti-Gaddafi fighters, which had entered Tripoli the previous day.
Organization.
The corporation's website and online presence was serviced by fifty employees, mostly journalists. They were organized into four departments; news editing, programming, design, and maintenance and operations, based in offices in Tripoli.
Al-Jamahiriya TV.
Al-Jamahiriya TV was a television channel broadcast by the Libyan Jamahiriya Broadcasting Corporation. The channel broadcasts mainly Libyan Aljamahiriya discussions, cultural programs and news bulletins. It was available in three languages: Arabic, English, French and Russian.
Emphasis was left to the official Libyan political and government activities, with live coverage of sessions of the People's Congress, speeches of the "Guide of the Revolution" (the official position held by Colonel Gaddafi) and readings of "The Green Book", written by the Libyan leader, and published in 1975.
The channel started in the morning and ended in the evening by reading verses from the Koran and the dissemination of the national anthem, before giving way to a focus and national radio.
The Libyan national television was broadcast via satellite to the Arab world and Europe via the satellites Arabsat and Hot Bird from 1997.
On 22 August 2011, the station was taken off-air by the National Transitional Council forces, which had entered Tripoli the previous day. After several failed attempts to bring it back after the war by supporters of the former regime, the channel eventually appeared again with a new form in 2014 and it is now airing on Nilesat.

</doc>
<doc id="31223167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223167" title="Jon Hecht">
Jon Hecht

Jonathan Hecht is a Massachusetts State Representative for the 29th Middlesex District.
Born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Hecht spent his youth in Belmont, attending Belmont Public Schools. He received an A.B. in History from Stanford University in 1981, a J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1988, an M.A. in Law and Diplomacy from The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University in 1990.
Hecht was a New York City attorney before working as a program officer for human rights and governance for the Ford Foundation in Beijing from 1990–1994. He was a research fellow and law lecturer in East Asian Legal Studies at Harvard Law School from 1994–1998. He co-founded the China Law Center at Yale Law School in 1999 and was its deputy director until 2006.
A former board member of the Arsenal Center for the Arts, Hecht gained a seat on the Watertown Town Council in 2005, going on to chair the council's budget, economic development, and rules committees.
Elected as a Democrat to the 29th Middlesex District seat in the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 2008, Hecht is Vice Chair of the Elder Affairs Committee and a member of the House Committee on Post Audit and Oversight and the Joint Committee on Children, Families and Persons with Disabilities. He is a member of the Mental Health Caucus, Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority Caucus, and Urban Parks Caucus.
In December 2010, Hecht was a candidate for the Democratic nomination in the special election to replace Steven Tolman in the Massachusetts Senate, but lost to state representative Will Brownsberger in the primary election.
Hecht and his wife Lora Sabin, a public health economist at Boston University School of Public Health, reside in Watertown and have four children who are students or alumni of the local public schools.

</doc>
<doc id="31223173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223173" title="Wheatley Hills Golf Club">
Wheatley Hills Golf Club

Wheatley Hills Golf Club is a country club and golf course in East Williston, New York. It was established in 1913 from land purchased from the A. H. Titus estate for forty eight dollars per acre. The Titus homestead was converted into the clubhouse. Adjacent to the property is the Long Island Motor Parkway built by William Kissam Vanderbilt II where he held auto races and awarded the Vanderbilt Cup. Also adjacent is the property of Harry Payne Whitney.

</doc>
<doc id="31223194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223194" title="Anne W. Armstrong">
Anne W. Armstrong

Anne Wetzell Armstrong (September 20, 1872 – March 17, 1958) was an American novelist and businesswoman, active primarily in the first half of the 20th century. She is best known for her novel, "This Day and Time", an account of life in a rural Appalachian community. She was also a pioneering woman in business management, and was the first woman to lecture before the Harvard School of Business and Dartmouth's Tuck School of Business in the early 1920s.
Biography.
Armstrong was born Anne Audubon Wetzell in Grand Rapids, Michigan, in 1872. In the 1880s, her family moved to Knoxville, Tennessee, where her father operated a lumber company. She attended Mount Holyoke College, where she wrote for the school's newspaper, and later attended the University of Chicago. She had returned to Knoxville by 1892, when she married Leonard T. Waldron. They had one son before divorcing in 1894. In 1905, she married Robert F. Armstrong.
Armstrong published her first novel, "The Seas of God", in 1915. In 1918, she was hired as a personnel director for the National City Company of New York. She later gave an account of her early days with this company in her article, "A Woman in Wall Street by One," which was published in "Atlantic Monthly" in 1925. In 1919, Armstrong was hired as the Assistant Manager for Industrial Relations for Eastman Kodak, and continued in this position until 1923. During the latter half of the decade, she published several articles in "Harper's Monthly" and "Atlantic Monthly" that focused on the emerging role of women in business.
In the late 1920s, Armstrong retired and moved to the Big Creek community in rural Sullivan County, Tennessee, which would provide the inspiration for her 1930 novel, "This Day and Time". During this same period, she began a correspondence with author Thomas Wolfe, and began writing her autobiography, "Of Time and Knoxville", a portion of which was published as "The Branner House" in "The Yale Review" in 1938. Three of Wolfe's letters to Armstrong were published in the 1956 collection, "The Letters of Thomas Wolfe".
In the 1940s, the Tennessee Valley Authority completed South Holston Dam, effectively inundating the Big Creek community, which straddled the South Fork Holston just upstream from the dam. Armstrong moved to various places around the Southeast before settling in Abingdon, Virginia. She lived in the Barter Inn in Abingdon until her death in 1958.
Writing.
Armstrong's first novel, "The Seas of God", tells the story of a young woman, Lydia Lambright, and her struggles to survive as an unwed mother amidst the moral constraints of Victorian society. The story opens in Kingsville, a fictional Southern town (based on Knoxville) where Lydia's dying father, a professor, has been ostracized for teaching the Theory of Evolution. Bitter over her father's treatment, she leaves Kingsville, and eventually winds up in New York. An illicit affair with a married man leaves her pregnant, and she gradually sinks into poverty. Unable to find gainful employment, she becomes a prostitute, and while her financial situation drastically improves, she struggles with what she deems a pointless existence.
Armstrong's second novel, "This Day and Time", takes place in an early 20th-century rural Appalachian community based primarily on the Big Creek area of Sullivan County, Tennessee. The story focuses on Ivy, a mountain woman who returns to a life of subsistence farming after spending several distasteful years as a wage-earner in a nearby city. Armstrong's characters speak in a local Appalachian dialect, and the book discusses many aspects of life in early-20th century rural Appalachia, including funerary and agricultural customs, and life in a logging town.
Armstrong's business writings typically focused on the status of women in the business world. Her 1927 article, "Are Business Women Getting a Square Deal," traces the gradual acceptance of women in the workplace, from the 1880s through the post-World War period. In the 1928 article, "Have Women Changed Business," Armstrong complains that businesswomen have failed to make business more ethical, falling short of goals set forth by women's movement leaders such as Nellie Ross. In "Seven Deadly Sins of Women in Business," she advises women not to try to imitate men in dress and manners, but instead focus on what their feminine nature can bring to the workplace.

</doc>
<doc id="31223195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223195" title="The Who Tour 1965">
The Who Tour 1965

The Who Tour 1965 was a series of performances by The Who, supporting releases such as "I Can't Explain", "Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere", and "My Generation" (album and single).
History.
1965 marked the first year The Who entered the mainstream, thanks to the success of their first two singles, "I Can't Explain" and "Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere", which afforded them numerous appearances on BBC radio and television, most notably the "Ready Steady Go!" TV program. Meanwhile the band performed continuously in the United Kingdom throughout the year, with brief stops in France and Scandinavia. Their act consisted mostly of R&B and Tamla Motown covers, but more and more original material appeared as the year wore on, particularly by the release of the "My Generation" album in December. The instrument destruction that marked the band's early years was at its height at this stage.
As no audience recordings from 1965 have surfaced to date, the group's television and radio appearances provide the only glimpses into their act, along with media accounts.
Live releases.
Live material from 1965 (excluding TV appearances where the band mimed to pre-recorded material) has appeared on a number of different releases:
Typical set lists.
January–April: UK.
The band promoted their debut single, the Pete Townshend-penned "I Can't Explain" (released in January), throughout the first part of the year while performing in the UK Otherwise their act heavily featured R&B and Tamla Motown material, some of which they would record and subsequently release later in the year on the "My Generation" album, among them Bo Diddley's "I'm a Man" and two James Brown songs, "I Don't Mind" and "Please, Please, Please". Other covers the group performed and recorded at this time were "Heat Wave", "Shout and Shimmy", "Daddy Rolling Stone", and "Motoring", among others.
Songs documented as being played at this stage are as follows:
May–August: UK and Paris.
A second Who original, "Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere" (this time co-written by Townshend and Roger Daltrey) was released as a single in May and also added to the group's live act, which continued to be dominated by cover material.
Songs documented as being played at this stage are as follows:
September–December: UK and Sweden.
The band began playing their first anthem, Townshend’s "My Generation", in September. The Motown favourite "Dancing in the Street" and The Everly Brothers' "A Man With Money" also both began appearing in their sets around this time and would continue to appear well into 1966.
Songs documented as being played at this stage are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31223197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223197" title="Dancing Your Memory Away">
Dancing Your Memory Away

"Dancing Your Memory Away" is a song recorded by American country music artist Charly McClain. It was released in 1982 as the first single from the album "Too Good to Hurry". The song reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
The song was written by Eddie Burton and Thomas Alan Grant for Barnwood Music which is now owned by HoriPro Entertainment. "Dancing Your Memory Away" also won two BMI awards, one at the country awards in Nashville and the other at the pop awards in Beverly Hills, CA. The song was first recorded by Tammy Wynette for her "Soft Touch" album. The Charly McClain version was produced by Norro Wilson. It has since been recorded by over 30 different artists around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31223209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223209" title="Rafał Pietrzak">
Rafał Pietrzak

Rafał Pietrzak (born January 30, 1992 in Sosnowiec) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for GKS Katowice.
Career.
Club.
In August 2010, he was loaned to Górnik Zabrze on one-year deal. In June 2011, he was sold to Górnik Zabrze.
In August 2011, he was loaned to Piast Gliwice on one-year deal.
International.
He is a part of Poland national under-19 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="31223211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223211" title="Krishnapuram Palace">
Krishnapuram Palace

The Krishnapuram Palace is a palace and museum located in Kayamkulam near Alappuzha in Alappuzha district, Kerala in southwestern India. It was built in the 18th century by Anizham Thirunal Marthanda Varma (1729–1758 AD), the Travancore kingdom. It is built in the architectural style of Kerala with gabled roof, narrow corridor and dormer windows, near the Krishnaswamy Temple at Krishnapuram.
The palace is maintained by the Archaeological Department of Kerala and contains exhibits that belonged to the Palace and its former occupant, the Travancore Maharaja Marthanda Varma. It is also famous for a large pond within the palace complex. It is also said that an underground escape route runs from the bottom of the pond as a possible escape route from enemies.
Among the many Kerala-style paintings seen in the palace, a distinctly placed mural painting is titled "Gajendra Moksham" of size, which is said to be the largest such find in Kerala. It is placed on the western end of the ground floor of the palace.
The double edged "Kayamkulam Vaal" (sword) is also on display here. The palace houses, in its courtyard, one of the four statues of Buddha found in Alappuzha District.
Geography.
The Krishnapuram Palace named after the Krishnaswamy Temple at Krishnapuram, a serene village, is situated about south of Kayamkulam town. It is situated on the top of a small hillock encircled by terraced garden with fountains, ponds and lawns. Its location is to the left of the National Highway 47 (India) (NH 47) between Ochira and Kayamkulam in the Alapuzha District. It is away from Allepey (Alappuzha district) on the way to Kollam.
History.
The king of erstwhile Travancore state built this place in the 18th century after demolishing an original palace that had been built (date of building not traced), the Kayakulam Raja (Oodanadu Raja Vamsham's Veera Ravi Varma the then king of Kayamkulam between 1700 and 1775 AD.) Initially, a small palace of a single story, known locally as "Ettukettu", was built in the traditional style with an adjacent pond, temple and "urappura" under the management of Kamyyan Dalava, which was later enlarged by Ayyappan Mathsnada Pillai. The palace was built during the reign of Anizham Thirunal Martanda Varma (1729–1758 ) who had annexed Kayyakulam to the Travancore state in the 1746 battle. The palace complex has many other buildings, which are a combination of traditional and western architecture. The present building, a three storied structure within the complex, was renovated in the 1950s by the Archaeological Department of Kerala in modern style conforming to the scientific techniques prescribed for the protection of heritage buildings. As a protected monument, it houses the Archaeological Museum and its offices.
Architecture.
The Krishnapuram Palace, as one of the finest and rarest examples of a typical Keralite-style architecture, known in the local language as "Pathinerakettu", is complete with gabled roofs, narrow corridors and dormer windows. It is a miniature replica of Padmanabhapuram Palace, which was the headquarters of Travancore Rajas.
The palace complex originally encompassed a total land area of . However, over the years, as the monarchic rule ended, the palace was completely neglected and fell to disuse, and was dilapidated. Many of the buildings surrounding the main palace of the Maharaja got demolished or destroyed and the palace complex got reduced to a mere enclosed within a high compound wall. The main palace, which was run down, was rebuilt to its original state as a three storied monument by the Archaeological Department of Kerala in the 1950s. The rare documents and artefacts which were kept at other locations were brought back, restored and eventually exhibited in the palace that has been converted into a Museum.
The palace restored to its originally built plans, conforming to Vastu Shastra norms, has 16 blocks or "Kettus" with four "Nadumuttam" or open area in the centre or courtyards. The windows, doors and ventilators were placed in such a way as to ensure fresh air circulation and natural lighting in all the rooms. There are 22 rooms (which open into the shady internal courtyards) with ornamental wooden partitions with carvings. Additional openings were provided to prevent any negative effects of "Murmavedham." (Secret effects). The building is set with verandas (passages) all round to protect the outer walls getting damaged due to rains. The materials used in its construction consisted of laterite stones, rubble, teak, rosewood and Angili wood. Roofing (red-tiled gabled) is steep and tiled with Mangalore tiles, which accentuates the beauty of the structure. A special feature of the carpentry adopted in building the palace consisted of wooden hinges and locks for doors and windows, instead of metallic fittings and fixtures. The flooring consists of polished wood and also of black and red oxide-coated concrete. The steps are made of polished granite blocks. Aesthetic beauty of the palace has been further enhanced by the special designs of straight, curved and spiral staircases and sunshades.
A small stream was created to flow close to the southern vicinity of the palace which also functioned as a secret escape route in times of emergency.
An underground tank or pond that stretches to the centre of the building was part of the palace; it provided air-conditioning effect of moderate temperature in all interior rooms. 
The palace compound has many "Padippuras", particularly at the main entrance, which are significators of status.
Collection.
The palace complex, which now functions as an archaeological museum, is a treasure house of ancient paintings and inscriptions, coins, megalithic remains, artefacts made of wood, brass and stone sculptures. Some of the prominent displays in the complex are: The mural of Gajendra Moksham, Kayamkulam Val (sword), Buddha’s statue of the 10th century and ceremonial utensils and many other artefacts.
Within the palace is the archaeological museum which has an exhibit of the Gajendra Moksham a high mural, which is the largest single piece of mural painting so far discovered in Kerala. The literal meaning of 'Gajendra Moksham' is the "salvation or "Moksha" of the elephant king "Gajendra."" The theme of the mural is mythological and depicts an elephant saluting Lord Vishnu in devotion while the other minor gods, goddesses and saints look on. Lord Vishnu was the family deity of the Kayamkulam Kings. This mural, in a fusion of colours and expressions, was placed prominently at the entrance to the palace from the pond to enable the kings to worship the deity after their daily ablutions.
The mythological legend narrated on the Gajendra Moksham (Gajendra means the King of elephants) is contained in the 10th century Sanskrit Bhagavata Purana. According to this legend, the Pandyan King Indradyumna, a devotee of Lord Vishnu, was given a curse by the sage Agastya, to be reborn as an elephant. Gajendra or the Elephant King, while on a pleasure trip to a lake with his wives, was seized by a crocodile that caught hold of his leg with a firm grip and thus Gajendra was held captive for many years. Finally the hapless Gajendra appealed to Lord Vishnu, his chosen deity, to rescue him from his predicament. Vishnu made his presence soon after, riding on his Vahana (vehicle), the Garuda (the celestial half man half bird form). Garuda killed the crocodile. The entire sequence is vividly painted, with vegetable colours, on the mural with a dynamic portrayal of Garuda at the centre, about to land with "huge spread wings and a facial expression raudra (form of fury), in stark contrast to the compassionate features of the multi-armed Vishnu". The mural also shows a smaller figure of Gajendra in mid-trumpet, and of the crocodile on the right side. The mural truly represents the Kerala style of painting on every available space on it. Apart from the main characters of the legend, saints, animals, mythical beasts and forest plants are also depicted. The outer edges of the mural are decorated with Floriate borders. At the bottom, there is an exclusive "triptych-like panel which depicts Balakrishna, the child Krishna surrounded by doting females. 
The Kayamkulam Val ('Val' means "sword") is an important exhibit in the museum. The significance of the sword is that its both sides are sharpened and thus it is more dangerous than any other martial weapon. It is said to have been used by the Kayamkulam Rajas in the 18th century and hence was of special attraction to the king. 
Buddha mandapam (hall) is where an attractive statue of one of the four antique Buddhas of the 10th century, which were recovered in recent times in ponds and fields in Alappapuhza district is displayed. The Buddha Mandapam (Buddha statue installed here predates the building of the palace) is located in the finely landscaped and tended garden with profusion of flower plants (endemic to Kerala) that surrounds the palace complex. 
The four Buddha statues found in recent years in the Alappuzha district testify the prevalence of Hinayana Buddhism in Onanadu in the Maveli kingdom of Kerala several. The four Buddha images are in meditating posture with "Ushnisha" (cap) and "Upavita" (upper garment). These had been thrown into fields and ponds during the anti-Buddhism campaign in Kerala. The idol was found in a pool or tank called "Puthenkula" (Pond of Buddha) in Maruturkulangara in Karunagappalli. This idol, cut out of a single piece of rock, was first installed in Karunagappalli town and after many years reinstalled in the compound of Krishnapuram Palace which is now a monument in the Buddha Mantapam. This idol has a skull cap adorned with lines of pearls or diamonds that represents the highest wisdom attained by the Buddha. Scholars have inferred that this statue probably belongs to the 7th century or even 5th century. 
The museum in the Krishnapuram Palace also has a copy of the Bible in Sanskrit printed in Calcutta (Kolkata) in 1886. Ceremonial utensils are also on display in a display case, which consists of oil lamps, fine miniature figures, and small stone columns carved with serpent deities (collected from various local houses). Some of these are arranged in an arc form known as "prabhu" and placed behind a temple deity to provide a "hallow of light". Fine miniature "Panchaloha" (five metals of bronze alloy with gold also as an ingredient) figures on display are of the Varuna (water god), many Vishnus and a minuscule devotee in worship mode.

</doc>
<doc id="31223235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223235" title="Here Comes Civilization">
Here Comes Civilization

Here Comes Civilization is a collection of 27 science fiction stories written by William Tenn, the second of two volumes presenting Tenn's complete body of science fiction writings. It features an introduction by Robert Silverberg and an afterword by George Zebrowski. Tenn provides afterwords to each story, describing how they came to be written.

</doc>
<doc id="31223242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223242" title="DarkSide">
DarkSide

The DarkSide collaboration is an international affiliation of universities and labs seeking to directly detect dark matter in the form of weakly interacting massive particles (WIMPs). The collaboration is building a series of noble liquid time projection chambers (TPCs) that are designed to be employed at the Gran Sasso National Laboratory in Assergi, Italy. The technique is based on liquid argon depleted in the radioactive isotope 39Ar, which is common in atmospheric argon. 
Members.
The following institutions' physics departments include members of DarkSide:

</doc>
<doc id="31223265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223265" title="Joan Jett Blakk">
Joan Jett Blakk

Joan Jett Blakk is the drag persona of performer Terence Smith. Smith is an African-American actor, writer and political candidate. Blakk first garnered a measure of national attention when he ran for President of the United States in 1992.
Calling himself a blend of Divine, David Bowie and Grace Jones, Smith began performing in 1974.
In 1991, Smith, as Blakk, ran against Richard M. Daley for the office of mayor of Chicago, Illinois. The campaign was chronicled in the 1991 video "Drag in for Votes". Smith's next campaign was for the presidency in 1992, under the slogan "Lick Bush in '92!" and documented in the 1993 video of the same name. Smith also ran for president in 1996 with the slogan "Lick Slick Willie in '96!" In each of these campaigns Smith ran on the Queer Nation Party ticket.
Following the 1992 campaign, Smith relocated to San Francisco, California and joined the African-American stage comedy troupe Pomo Afro Homos. He launched his talk show, "Late Nite with Joan Jett Blakk".
In 1999, Smith, again as Blakk, announced his intention to run for mayor of San Francisco against incumbent Willie Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="31223266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223266" title="Pão de Açúcar (disambiguation)">
Pão de Açúcar (disambiguation)

Pão de Açúcar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31223277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223277" title="Außerfern">
Außerfern

Außerfern refers to the district of Reutte in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol.
Etymology.
The name is probably derived from "Außer dem Fern" ("beyond the Fern" where "Fern" is the Fern Pass). "Außer-" ("outer") and "Inner-" ("inner") in the Tyrolese dialect are common prefixes to the name of a valley and distinguish the mouth of the valley from its upper reaches, or the section of a valley downstream of its main settlement from the upstream regions, or simply the directions into and out of the valley. "Außerfern" may possible refer, therefore, to the valley up to the historic climb to the Fern Pass.
History.
The region was settled from the 10th century along the Via Claudia Augusta by Alamanni. At the end of the 13th century it became part of the County of Tyrol through the imperial agreement ("Reichseinigung") of Duke Meinhard, however the Außerfern's close economic and cultural relationships with the Allgäu region remained. For example, the Außerfern was for a long time placed ecclesiastically under the Bishopric of Augsburg. This was aided by good transportation links to the Allgäu and to Upper Bavaria, whilst there was only one link to the Inn valley usable in winter, namely the Fern Pass.
Linguistic unit.
Linguistically the region is dominated by a mixed form of the Alemannic and Austro-Bavarian dialects. The regions settled by Upper Bavaria and from the Inn valley, such as the Ehrwald Basin and the tributary valleys of the Lech have similarities with the dialects of the Upper Inn Valley, whilst in the region around Reutte and in the Tannheim valley, a Swabian-Alemannic dialect dominates.
NUTS division: AT331.
In the NUTS division for official statistics collected by the EU the "Außerfern" is one of the five groups of districts (level -2) in Tyrol, bears the code codice_1 and covers the administrative district of Reutte.
The region today.
Today the term is used particularly in the "Regional Development of Außerfern" – the region is part of the Euroregions "Tyrol-South Tyrol-Trentino", "EUREGIO via salina" and "Zugspitze-Wetterstein-Karwendel".
Tourism is an important source of income, because the rather barren and high terrain is difficult to cultivate. In addition, industry and trade play a role, especially in the central Lech valley and the Reutte Basin.
The Tyrolean Lech Valley Nature Park and the river Lech, one of the last natural rivers in Europe, together with the multitude of sporting facilities are the basis for tourism in the Außerfern. 
The main link into the rest of Tyrol is over the Fern Pass. The region is linked from the German railway network by the Außerfern Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="31223284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223284" title="With You (Charly McClain song)">
With You (Charly McClain song)

"With You" is a song written Ronald Muir and Larry Shell, and recorded by American country music artist Charly McClain. It was released in 1982 as the second single from the album "Too Good to Hurry". The song reached #7 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31223289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223289" title="2006–07 Heart of Midlothian F.C. season">
2006–07 Heart of Midlothian F.C. season

The 2007–07 season was the 110th season of competitive football by Heart of Midlothian. It is the 9th consecutive season of play in the Scottish Premier League in which Hearts have competed since its inauguration in 1998–99. Hearts also competed in the Champions League, Uefa Cup, Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup.
Managers.
Valdas Ivanauskas was confirmed as head coach on a permanent basis during the summer of 2006 following the Scottish Cup victory.
Following an inconsistent start to their League campaign, head coach Valdas Ivanauskas took a sabbatical from his role on 23 October. Eduard Malofeev was appointed interim head coach until Valdas Ivanauskas later in the season although he only resumed the role for a short time before beomeing director of football one again an interim head couch was required and previous director of football Anatoly Korobochka took charge of the team.
Matches.
Pre season.
Hearts travelled to Austria for a pre season tour
Champions League.
Hearts played their home 2006/2007 European Champions League games at Murrayfield Stadium, rather than in their home ground Tynecastle. A combination of Tynecastle falling short of UEFA requirements in terms of pitch size and hospitality facilities, and Murrayfield's greater capacity, meant that Murrayfield was the preferred choice for the Tynecastle board. Hearts won their second round qualifying tie against Bosnian champions Široki Brijeg 3–0 on aggregate, but were defeated 5–1 on aggregate by AEK Athens in the final qualifying round. The Greek side won 2–1 at Murrayfield due to two late goals and then won 3–0 in the Athens Olympic Stadium. Hearts had one player (Bruno Aguiar) sent off in the first leg and two players (Julien Brellier and Neil McCann) sent off in the second leg.
Uefa Cup.
The loss in the final qualifying round meant that Hearts dropped into the UEFA Cup first round against Sparta Prague. In this competition they lost 2–0 at a muddy Murrayfield in the first leg and they were eliminated after a 0–0 draw in Prague in the return leg on 28 September 2006.
Scottish Premier League.
Following an indifferent start to their League campaign, head coach Valdas Ivanauskas took a sabbatical from his role on 23 October. Club owner Vladimir Romanov, who stated "I have full confidence in Valdas and look forward to his return", appointed the club's sporting director, Eduard Malofeev, as interim head coach. Further off-field disruption ensued four days later when Romanov warned his players that they would all be put up for sale if Hearts did not win their match against Dunfermline Athletic the next day. Captain Steven Pressley, flanked by senior players Paul Hartley and Craig Gordon, responded with a statement voicing the players' unhappiness at affairs at the club, stating in a pre-match media conference ahead of Dunfermline's visit that there was "significant unrest" in the dressing-room. The game was drawn 1–1.
The repercussions from the press conference stretched over several months and eventually led to the departure from the club of two of the so-called "Riccarton Three". Pressley was dropped for a match against Falkirk on 13 November and 
named as an unused substitute for a 1–0 defeat by Rangers on 19 November. Hartley was only used as a substitute in the former game. Pressley eventually left Hearts on 9 December, with accompanying press releases stating that this was an amicable agreement. He joined rivals Celtic on 1 January 2007 and captained his new squad to a 2–1 victory at Tynecastle on his first return to Edinburgh. Hartley also moved to Celtic during January 2007, in a £1.1 million transfer on 31 January. This only left Gordon, who was dropped for matches away to Dundee United and Rangers in December and January respectively, as the only member of the trio to remain at Hearts beyond the January transfer window.
Hearts failed to win a game under the management of Eduard Malofeev, who took control during Ivanauskas' sabbatical. Hearts lost at Celtic and Hibernian – a result which eliminated Hearts from the CIS Cup – and at home to Rangers. He remained as caretaker manager until late November 2006 when, despite media reports anticipating the appointment of Eugenijus Riabovas, Ivanauskas returned to resume his duties as club manager.
A 1–0 loss in the Scottish Cup at Dunfermline on 3 February 2007, with Gordon on the bench, ended Hearts' chance to retain the trophy. Later that month, Ivanauskas was moved to a director of football role, with director of football Anatoly Korobochka assuming the role of interim head coach on 2 March. An improved run of form towards the end of the season witnessed Hearts challenge Aberdeen for third spot in the League and UEFA Cup qualification. "The Dons" scored a last minute equaliser in a head-to-head confrontation between the two teams at Tynecastle in May, and eventually finished four points clear in third place.
Transfers.
On the eve of the SPL season, Hearts announced the capture of Chile striker Mauricio Pinilla on a season-long loan. PAOK Salonika's Christos Karipidis and Tiago Costa, a full back from Benfica B were also signed, while in the final week of the transfer window three further Lithuanian players – Marius Žaliūkas, Kęstutis Ivaškevičius and Andrius Velička – joined on loan from FBK Kaunas. Hearts fans still anticipated the arrival of "two World Cup stars" but were left disappointed when the club announced that the final piece of business of the transfer window would be to sign the previously-loaned striker Roman Bednář on a permanent deal.

</doc>
<doc id="31223297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223297" title="Volvi (municipality)">
Volvi (municipality)

Volvi () is a municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Stavros. It was named after Lake Volvi.
Municipality.
The municipality Volvi was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 6 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31223308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223308" title="Dancing Stars (Austria season 6)">
Dancing Stars (Austria season 6)

The sixth edition of Dancing Stars was broadcast from March 11 to May 27, 2011 on ORF1 and was presented by Mirjam Weichselbraun and Klaus Eberhartinger.
Scoring Chart.
Highest and lowest scoring performances of the series.
The best and worst performances in each dance according to the judges' marks are as follows:
Dance order.
Week 1: "Aus für James Cottriall".
"Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Thomas Schäfer-Elmayer, Nicole Burns-Hansen, Marika Lichter and Hannes Nedbal."
Week 2: "Aus für Christine Kaufmann".
"Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Thomas Schäfer-Elmayer, Nicole Burns-Hansen, Karina Sarkissova and Hannes Nedbal."
Week 3: "Aus für Markus Wolfahrt".
"Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Thomas Schäfer-Elmayer, Nicole Burns-Hansen, Harald Serafin and Hannes Nedbal."
Week 4: "Aus für Reinhard Nowak".
"Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Thomas Schäfer-Elmayer, Nicole Burns-Hansen, Claudia Reiterer and Hannes Nedbal."
Week 5: "Aus für Uwe Kröger".
"Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Thomas Schäfer-Elmayer, Nicole Burns-Hansen, Sonya Kraus and Hannes Nedbal."
Week 6: "Aus für Dieter Chmelar".
"Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Thomas Schäfer-Elmayer, Nicole Burns-Hansen, Lotte Tobisch and Hannes Nedbal."
Week 7: "Aus für Cathy Zimmermann".
"Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Thomas Schäfer-Elmayer, Nicole Burns-Hansen, Christoph Wagner-Trenkwitz and Hannes Nedbal."
Week 8: "Aus für Mirna Jukić".
"Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Thomas Schäfer-Elmayer, Nicole Burns-Hansen, Wayne Carpendale and Hannes Nedbal."
Week 9: "Aus für Alfons Haider".
"Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Thomas Schäfer-Elmayer, Nicole Burns-Hansen, Peter Kraus and Hannes Nedbal."
Week 10: "Das Finale".
"Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Thomas Schäfer-Elmayer, Nicole Burns-Hansen, Karina Sarkissova and Hannes Nedbal."
Call-out order.
The table below lists the order in which the contestants' fates were revealed. The order of the safe couples doesn't reflect the viewer voting results. 

</doc>
<doc id="31223331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223331" title="Space / Time">
Space / Time

"Space" and "Time" are two mini-episodes of the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". They were broadcast on 18 March 2011 as part of BBC One's Red Nose Day telethon for the charity Comic Relief. The two mini-episodes were written by the programme's head writer Steven Moffat and directed by Richard Senior.
The episodes form a two-part story, set entirely within the TARDIS, starring Matt Smith as The Doctor, and Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill as married couple Amy Pond and Rory Williams. Rory, helping the Doctor work on the TARDIS, looks up the glass floor surrounding the console and becomes distracted by Amy's short skirt, causing him to drop the thermal couplings he was holding. This causes the three to be stuck in a "space loop" where the TARDIS materialises inside of the TARDIS.
"Space" and "Time" were filmed in two days alongside the sixth series DVD "Night and the Doctor" extras "Bad Night" and "Good Night". The episodes are intended to show what life aboard the TARDIS would be like. Several editing techniques and doubles were used for the various shots where there were more than one of the same character on the screen. The mini-episodes received mixed reviews; some scenes were thought to be funny, but other jokes were criticised for relying on sexist humour. "Space" and "Time" were later released on the DVD and Blu-ray sets of the sixth series.
Plot.
"Space".
Amy Pond (Karen Gillan) is trying to get the Doctor's (Matt Smith) attention while he fixes the TARDIS. She discovers that her husband Rory (Arthur Darvill) is helping the Doctor by installing thermal couplings underneath the glass floor of the TARDIS. Rory and Amy then start a small argument about Amy cheating when she took her driving test, when the TARDIS suddenly shakes and the lights go out. The Doctor asks Rory if he dropped a thermal coupling, which Rory admits to and apologises for doing. Amy then apologises as well and, at the Doctor's confusion, explains that Rory was looking up her skirt through the glass floor when he dropped the thermal coupling. The Doctor then notes that they have landed through "emergency materialisation" which should have landed the TARDIS in the safest space available. The lights come on, revealing another TARDIS inside the control room — the TARDIS has materialised inside itself. The Doctor experimentally walks through the door of the TARDIS inside the control room and instantly walks back into the control room through the door of the outer TARDIS. The Doctor tells Rory and Amy that they are trapped in a "space loop" and that nothing can enter or exit the TARDIS ever again. Despite the Doctor's words, another Amy enters through the TARDIS door saying, "Okay, kids, this is where it gets complicated."
"Time".
Continuing from the ending of "Space", the other Amy reveals that she is from a few moments in the future, and is able to come into the current outer TARDIS because "the exterior shell of the TARDIS has drifted forwards in time". The other Amy knows what to say and do because, from her perspective, she is repeating what she heard herself say earlier on. The Doctor sends the current Amy into the TARDIS within the current TARDIS, in order to "maintain the timeline". The two Amys take a moment to flirt with each other before the current one departs, much to the Doctor's exasperation. However, not long after the current Amy has left, Rory and Amy enter through the door of outer TARDIS explaining that the Doctor, from their perspective, has just sent them into the inner TARDIS. The current Doctor promptly sends the current Rory and the now-current Amy through the inner TARDIS. The Doctor then explains that he will set up a "controlled temporal implosion" in order to "reset the TARDIS", but in order to do so he must know which lever to use on the control panel. Moments after he speaks, another Doctor enters though the outer TARDIS door and tells him to use "the wibbly lever", which he quickly operates, then steps into the inner TARDIS to tell his past self which lever to use. The inner TARDIS dematerialises while the outer TARDIS (being the same TARDIS) does the same, and the Doctor assures Amy and Rory that they are now back in "normal flight", and then advises Amy to "put some trousers on".
Production.
"Doctor Who" had previously aired two related specials for Comic Relief. The first was the 1999 spoof "The Curse of Fatal Death", which was also written by Steven Moffat. The spin-off series "The Sarah Jane Adventures" produced its own mini-episode "From Raxacoricofallapatorius with Love" for the 2009 Comic Relief appeal. Unlike "The Curse of Fatal Death", "Space" and "Time" are considered to be canonical. The canonicity of the two mini-episodes was affirmed by Moffat in "Doctor Who Magazine". Moffat stated that, unlike "Curse of the Fatal Death", "Space" and "Time" is not a spoof or a sketch, but rather "a little miniature story" in the style of the "Children in Need" mini-episodes. He described it as "A moment of life aboard the TARDIS. But obviously life about the TARDIS instantly gets you into terrible jeopardy, and all of causality is threatened. As I'm sure it is every day when they get up and have their coffee..." The concept of a TARDIS inside the TARDIS had been previously explored in "The Time Monster" (1972) and "Logopolis" (1980), though both times it was the TARDIS of the Master. Amy also repeats one of her lines from "The Big Bang" at the end of "Space".
The special was shot over two days alongside the made-for-DVD "Night and the Doctor" mini-episodes "Bad Night" and "Good Night". It was mostly shot on the first day, where all of the scenes with the TARDIS inside the TARDIS were filmed. Several tricks were used to create the illusion that there were more than one Doctor, Amy, and/or Rory. In scenes where the camera had to move between the double characters, a "whip-pan" was used twice, with the actor in a different place each time. The two shots were then edited together into one seamless take. For scenes where there were more than one of the same character in the same shot, such as the two Amys in front of the TARDIS, the camera was held very still and the scene was filmed twice, with the actor's double filling in for the part they were not playing. The doubles were also used briefly in scenes where the characters' backs were to the camera, such as when the Doctor, Amy, and Rory watched the future Amy and Rory enter the TARDIS.
Broadcast, release and reception.
"Space" and "Time" were broadcast during the Comic Relief Red Nose Day telethon on 18 March 2011 on BBC One. The telethon was watched by 10.26 million viewers. The BBC posted the episode in two parts on their official YouTube channel. The mini episodes were included as bonus features in the "Complete Sixth Series" DVD and Blu-ray box set, released on 21 November 2011 (Region 2) and 22 November 2011 (Region 1).
Lucy Mangan of "The Guardian" responded positively, noting it "manages brilliantly to nod to just about every Whovian in-joke, demographic and fetish within the span of two tiny installments". "The A.V. Club" reviewer Christopher Bahn opined that the two Amys in "Space" and "Time" were "a lot more fun to watch" than the two in the sixth series episode "The Girl Who Waited". Tor.com's Teresa Jusino, who had positive towards Amy's character in the past, was disappointed that the ending of the miniepisodes relied on "too-easy, dated, sexist humor". She cited the fact that Rory dropping the coupling was blamed on Amy's short skirt rather than Rory himself, which implied that she had a "responsibility to cover up, because 'men will be men'". In "Who is the Doctor", a guide to the revived series, Robert Smith wrote that the episode was "cute, plotted to perfection and ends precisely when it should, before it has the chance to outstay its welcome". He said that the episodes used Amy well, as it did not make her unlikable. On the other hand, his coauthor Graeme Burk said that the story was "derivative and lazy" and a "missed opportunity". He likened the plot to that of "Red Dwarf" "Future Echoes", and felt that Moffat could have written something better and funnier. Like Jusino, he thought that the "blokey humor" was "misplaced", denying a broad audience appeal and leading to the sexist last line: "Pond, put some trousers on!". Despite this, both Jusino and Burk enjoyed the scene where Amy flirts with herself.

</doc>
<doc id="31223337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223337" title="Georges Raepsaet">
Georges Raepsaet

Georges Raepsaet (born 3 August 1947) is a Belgian classical archaeologist and historian of antiquity. His main research interests are the archaeology of ancient technologies, especially traction systems in Greco-Roman land transport and farming, the production and trade of ancient ceramics and the wider socioeconomic implications of these technologies, as well as Roman Gaul. His methods include the use of experimentation. 
Career.
Born in 1947 in the Eastern Flemish town of Oudenaarde, Belgium, Raepsaet received his Master in Ancient History in 1969, and another one in Arts and Archaeology in 1972, both at the University of Brussels. In 1977 he completed his dissertation on the "Pagus Condrustis" and the Romanization of Northern Gaul. In the following year, Raepsaet became senior lecturer at the Université Libre de Bruxelles where he was appointed professor in 1992 and taught until his retirement in 2007. His courses focused, inter alia, on classical archaeology, ancient economic and social history, history of pre-industrial technologies, archaeology of Roman Gaul and excavation techniques. He founded and directed the university research units "Laboratoire d’Archéologie classique" and "Centre de Recherches archéologiques".
From 1997 to 1999 Raepsaet co-directed a research programme on the process of technological innovation in antiquity and the Middle Ages. Currently, he works as an expert for the European Science Foundation and chairs the scientific committee of the Museum of Mariemont. Since 1970 Raepsaet has been on the editorial board of the Belgian journal "L’Antiquité Classique" for which he has been reviewing each year about thirty books on classic archaeology, economic history and ancient technology.
Since 1970 Raepsaet has participated in and directed several archaeological excavations and fieldworks in Western Europe and the eastern Mediterranean basin. These include underwater excavations at Martigues, France, and Amathus on Cyprus, as well as fieldwork at the site of the "Diolkos" on the Isthmus and Styra on Euboea (1984–88). He also took part in excavations in Apamea, Syria (1978–79) and in numerous archaeological projects on the Roman period in his native Belgium (since 1968). At Brussels he was in charge of temporary exhibitions of Ancient Greek marbles ("Marbres helléniques", 1987–88) and of Thracian gold ("Europalia Bulgarie", 2002).
From 1997 to 2007 Raepsaet conducted a number of tests in experimental archaeology on ancient agricultural techniques, in particular on the efficiency of Gallo-Roman harnesses, drawbars and the reaper ("vallus"). Over the years Raepsaet has also been active in the study of the technology and trade of Roman ceramics, its distribution and transport network in the Roman provinces and commercial and legal aspects related to it.
Ancient technology and productivity.
Much of Raepsaet's research since the 1970s has addressed and challenged the idea, still dominant at the time, of a lack of productivity of the Roman economy. Raepsaet criticized the "epistemological prejudice" particularly prevalent in studies of the 1960s and 1970s: these analyzed the classical world in terms of stagnation and technological blockage, effectively preventing scholarship from approaching the sizable corpus of evidence to the contrary from an unbiased perspective. 
Raepsaet focused on the key role of traction systems in land transport and ploughing, a field then dominated by strong primitivist views. He demonstrated that ancient transport capacities were in fact largely identical to and as developed and efficient as those of later periods up until the 19th century, but with the Romans enjoying the additional advantage of having a superior road network at their disposal. Through his study of Gallo-Roman harnesses, Raepsaet came to reject the early, but influential theory of Richard Lefebvre des Noëttes about the inefficiency of the Roman horse collar. In reality, draught animals in antiquity were able to move heavy loads of several dozens tons overland evident, for example, in the frequent transport of ancient monoliths or the regular use of the "Diolkos" ship trackway. 
Raepsaet′s reappraisal of the technological level of ancient traction systems has been echoed and paralled by a generation of classical scholars and historians of technology pursuing studies in diverse fields of ancient technology. From their collaborative effort to move beyond a sterile dichotomy of primitivism and modernism sprang, for example, Brill′s series on "Technology and Change in History" and the "Handbook of Engineering and Technology in the Classical World" which received the 2009 book award of the Society for the History of Technology. The increasingly positive perception of ancient technological developments and their economic impact has also contributed to a reevaluation of the performance of the ancient economy as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="31223340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223340" title="DESE Research">
DESE Research

DESE Research, Inc., is a veteran-owned, small-business firm conducting theoretical and analytical research services in the fields of Defense, Energy, Space, and Environment. DESE was formed in 1982 by former U.S. Army civil-service executive Dr. Wallace (Wally) Kirkpatrick. In addition to research accomplishments, DESE is recognized for high ethical standards and leadership in community services. 
Locations.
Corporate headquarters and primary operations are in the Cummings Research Park, Huntsville, Alabama. The firm also has offices serving Washington, D.C. and Leavenworth, Kansas.
Primary customers.
At the present and in recent years, the client base of DESE has included the following Government Agencies and Business Industries.
Government agencies.
Army Aviation and Missile Command; Army Combined Arms Center; Army Installation Management Command; Army Space and Missile Defense Command; Army Test and Evaluation Command; Army Training and Doctrine Command; Defense Intelligence Agency (Missile and Space Intelligence Center); Defense Threat Reduction Agency; Joint Systems Integration Center; Missile Defense Agency: NASA Marshall Space Flight Center; and Oak Ridge National Laboratory. DESE Research is certified by the General Services Administration under Professional Engineering Services and Information Technology Services.
Business industries.
Boeing Company; CAS Group/Wyle; COLSA Corporation; Computer Sciences Corporation; Dynetics; General Dynamics; L3 Communications; Lockheed Martin Missiles and Space; Raytheon Company; Science Applications International Corporation; Teledyne Brown Engineering; plus others, mainly Small Businesses.
Areas of specialization.
DESE offers the following primary areas of expertise and recently developed tools and processes.
Areas of expertise.
Advanced software development; cyber security; database engineering; enterprise architecture; independent validation and verification; information assurance; intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; interoperability certification; missile research and development; modeling and simulation; requirements analysis; test and evaluation; threat assessment; training; weapon system design.
DESE has received contracts, subcontracts, or Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) awards in these areas. A number of the activities resulted in published papers and patents.
Simulation tools and processes.
DESE is recognized for developing simulation and modeling software tools. NASA’s heavy-lift vehicle projects use a DESE-developed code for their primary flight simulation In an unusual practice, DESE has made some of its simulations available to the public as open-source code, permitting users to study, change, improve, and, at times, distribute the software.
DESE literature cites the following recently developed and used major tools and processe.

</doc>
<doc id="31223345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223345" title="Guanting">
Guanting

Guanting could refer to the following places in China:

</doc>
<doc id="31223350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223350" title="Kevin Sbraga">
Kevin Sbraga

Kevin Sbraga (born January 25, 1979) is a New Jersey native and winner of Bravo's, Top Chef (season 7) Washington D.C. By September 2011, he became the chef-owner of Sbraga, a modern American restaurant on the Avenue of the Arts in Philadelphia.
In 2008, Sbraga—who had previously held positions in Atlanta and Philly kitchens—applied that philosophy to his consulting work with Jose Garces to test recipes for the chef-proprietor’s Latin Evolution cookbook. Sbraga impressed Garces with his dedication, which ultimately earned him a full-time role as culinary director of Garces Group.
With Garces’ support, he also competed in the Bocuse d’Or USA culinary competition in fall 2008. He fondly remembers the competition as “one of the toughest meals I’ve ever created,” as he impressed the judges and earned the award for Best Meat Presentation. His philosophy to create new opportunities worked well when, after returning from Bocuse d’Or, he found himself looking for his next culinary challenge. After exploring several leads, he was hand selected by Stephen Starr for the position of executive chef at Rat’s Restaurant at the Grounds for Sculpture, an arboretum in Hamilton, NJ.
In 2010, Sbraga relished the opportunity to join the season seven cast of the popular TV show “Top Chef”—utilizing competition knowledge from Bocuse d’Or to secure himself a spot in the finale. In between the taping of the regular season and the final episode, Sbraga experienced a moment of clarity. “I realized I needed to do my own thing,” he says. “Even though I hadn’t won yet, I felt like I’d won already because I had the found the confidence I needed to open my own restaurant.”
Sbraga went on to win “Top Chef: Season 7,” and by October 2011, he had opened the doors to his eponymous restaurant. With menus that focus on pairing the most flavorful ingredients available with the perfect beverages, Sbraga restaurant delights its guests with an ever-changing array of taste experiences. “I learned on ‘Top Chef’ that you can’t always play by the rules, and no matter what, you’ve got to cook from the heart and cook what’s good,” he says. “That’s what I’m doing now at Sbraga and what I hope to accomplish with any other concepts I open in the future.”
Most recently, Kevin has been focusing on new business ventures, building his consulting company and receiving accolades ranging from Esquire Magazine’s “Best New Restaurant’s” 2012, Bon Appetit Magazine’s “Philadelphia’s New Originals, Lightweight Knockout” 2012, Rising Stars “Community Chef” 2013 and Zagat Restaurant Guide’s “#1 Restaurant on Avenue of the Arts & Best Newcomer” 2013.
Sbraga is a graduate of Johnson and Wales in Miami, Florida, BS in Culinary Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="31223375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223375" title="Old National Bank Building">
Old National Bank Building

The Old National Bank building, located in Spokane, Washington, was completed in 1911 and was the first skyscraper located in the Inland Northwest. This fifteen story tower reaches to a height of 217 feet (66 m) above the Spokane valley and remained the tallest building in the city until the Paulsen Center was completed across the street on Riverside Ave. The Old National Bank building served as a symbol of prosperity for the rising economy of the Inland Empire.
History.
In 1891, the Old National Bank of Spokane was founded. The bank quickly grew to be a large institution within the Inland Northwest and in 1910, decided to build a headquarters worthy of the Northwest. There was a national design competition to decide the buildings appearance. The winning design was awarded to D.H. Burnham & Company of Chicago, a notable firm for building some of Americas most famous buildings of the 20th century. The tower was built in the Chicago School style and had Beaux-Arts architecture features throughout the facade. This was the last office building to be designed by Burnham, with its completion being quickly followed by his death in 1912. The building broke ground in March 1910 and was completed a mere eight months later, opening its doors to the public in January 1911. 
The Old National Bank building was notable for having 90 per cent of the building rented out to tenants at the time of its completion, and for being built having been financed by large bankers of the area, causing it to be built without a mortgage or deficit at a cost of $1,300,000. These happenings made the building, and the bank, worthy of the city of Spokane and the patrons who financed its construction, who gained valuable profit and recognition.
Architecture.
The bank was built using fireproofed steel frame construction, with the exterior being faced with semi-enamel Terra Cotta. To enhance the contrast between the white Terra Cotta and the fenestration, the wood window frames were originally painted a forest green. The first level is topped with a four foot cornice of Vermont granite, eleven stories higher from the twelfth floor to the fifteenth floor, an arcade was implemented crowning the entire structure. A walk was provided on the roof for those who wanted to view the growing city from the sky.
The interiors were just as elaborate as the exteriors, at least at the time of their creation. There were two entrances off of Riverside Ave; the banking entrance and the office tower entrance. The banking entrance opens up to a grand lobby two levels in height. Granite ionic columns hold up the clerestory space being connected by service stations and tellers all facing the open lobby for ease of access by the people. The office tower entrance opens up immediately to the elevator lobby, servicing the other floors of the bank and the tenants in the rented spaces above. These five elevators were provided by the Otis Elevator Company, and ran smoothly up the entirety of the building with the help of live elevator operators. Two of these elevators service the first through ninth floors, two more service the eighth through the fourteenth floors, and the fifth elevator services the entire building. These elevator operations were planned to accommodate the best circulation of tenants throughout the building.
Banking Features.
Some of the most notable features within the bank was not in its architecture or design, but in its operations. The facilities were state of the art and served Spokane with the highest quality equipment at the time, providing banking in the northwest with the maximum convenience it could. Another feature that caused the Old National Bank to stand out against the rest of the Inland Empire was featured in its basement, often out of public view. Directly within the banking entrance, the main stairs led down to the vault floor. The vault door was twenty-three inches thick and weighed thirty-six tons. This door guarded the largest private vault in the Northwest, a 27 by 9 foot room, with walls covered in three layers of laminated steel, Bessemer steel, and chrome steel, each layer being one and a half inches thick. Besides this main vault, there was a vault located on every floor of the building, each one being fire and burglar proof, proving to the community that whatever was kept in the building would be safe.
Renovations.
The Old National Bank building has undergone two major renovations since its construction in 1910. The first renovation took place in the early 1920s. It consisted of turning the clerestory space into a mezzanine, allowing for the second floor to look down onto the lobby. The second renovation in the late 1963 dramatically altered the appearance of the interiors. The ceiling of the lobby was lowered, allowing for the first two floors of the bank to be pancaked on top of each other; the granite ionic columns were also stripped. After the 1963 renovation, the building took part in a lighting contest winning a national award, the entire facade of the building was lit up with fluorescent lights, glowing in the Spokane skyline. Today the Old National Bank
building is occupied by US Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="31223381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223381" title="Sentimental Ol' You">
Sentimental Ol' You

"Sentimental Ol' You" is a song written by Bob DiPiero and Pat McManus, and recorded by American country music artist Charly McClain. It was released in 1983 as the first single from the album "The Woman in Me". The song reached #3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31223394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223394" title="2005–06 Heart of Midlothian F.C. season">
2005–06 Heart of Midlothian F.C. season

The 2005–06 season is the 109th season of competitive football by Heart of Midlothian. It is the 8th consecutive season of play in the Scottish Premier League in which Hearts have competed since its inauguration in 1998–99. Hearts also competed in the Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup.
Season Overview.
Romanov said that his ultimate aim is for Hearts to win the Champions League. His early actions included bringing on former Rugby Union chief Phil Anderton as CEO in 3 March 2005. On 9 May 2005, manager John Robertson resigned, a move which was greeted with much dismay among supporters because Robertson had been a great player for Hearts. Former Ipswich Town and Derby County manager George Burley was hired on 30 June 2005 to replace him.
As the season began, the combination of Romanov's financial backing and the appointment of Burley led many Hearts fans to believe that they could win the SPL championship in 2005–06. Signings such as Edgaras Jankauskas, Rudi Skácel and Takis Fyssas, allied to existing players Andy Webster, Steven Pressley, Craig Gordon, and Paul Hartley meant that Hearts built a team which made an outstanding start to the season. Hearts won their first eight SPL games, including a 1–0 win over reigning champions Rangers.
After leading the "Jambos" through ten undefeated SPL appearances, and guiding them to the top of the league table, Hearts and Burley parted ways on 22 October 2005, just hours before their Premier League match with Dunfermline Athletic. A club statement after the game declared that the departure of Burley had been mutually agreed and that there were "irreconcilable differences" between Burley and the Hearts board. Throughout his short spell in charge rumours had persisted that the relationship between Burley and Romanov was uneasy. It had also been reported that Romanov had signed players without Burley's consent.
John McGlynn was put in temporary charge of the team following Burley's abrupt departure. Chief executive Phil Anderton was dismissed on 31 October 2005. The chairman, George Foulkes resigned in protest at Anderton's dismissal. Romanov's son, Roman Romanov, was appointed as chairman and acting chief executive.
Vladimir Romanov's concerns with the fairness of refereeing developed during this period. This started after Hearts made complaints after a match with Rangers in the 2004–05 season during which the referee Hugh Dallas controversially awarded a decisive penalty kick late in the match on the basis of advice from his linesman Andy Davis. There were also complaints after the dismissals of Craig Gordon against Falkirk, Edgaras Jankauskas against Hibs and Saulius Mikoliunas against Rangers. Romanov called for a replay of each of these matches, but this was refused and Romanov was rebuked by the SFA.
On 7 November, Graham Rix was appointed as head coach. Hearts' title ambitions suffered a major setback when they lost 3–2 to Celtic on 1 January 2006. On 7 February 2006, reports were made indicating that Rix had told players who were apparently disgruntled at being left out of the team before a match against Dundee United that Romanov himself was picking the team and was "pulling the strings". While it was well known that Rix was not in charge of player transfer policy, it had not previously been confirmed that he was not in charge of selecting the team either.
Part of the fallout from this match was that the agent of Andy Webster indicated that Webster would not extend his contract with Hearts, which was due to expire at the end of 2006–07 season. During April 2006, Vladimir Romanov put Andy Webster on the transfer list, claiming that he could not trust the player.
Graham Rix was sacked as Hearts manager on 22 March 2006 along with the club's Director of Football, Jim Duffy, who had only been appointed one month previously. Shortly afterwards, former FBK Kaunas coach Valdas Ivanauskas was appointed interim head coach of the first team until the end of the season.
Nonetheless, on 2 April 2006 Hearts eased into the Scottish Cup Final. A 1–0 win over Aberdeen on 3 May at Tynecastle guaranteed second place in the SPL behind Celtic and a place in the Champions League qualifying rounds for the following season. It also meant that Hearts were the first club to break the total dominance of the Scottish Premier League by the Old Firm since Motherwell in 1995. Hearts then won the Scottish Cup by beating Scottish Second Division side Gretna in a penalty shootout after the final had finished 1–1.
SPL Table.
Source: SPL official website

</doc>
<doc id="31223406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223406" title="Kaspars Ozers">
Kaspars Ozers

Kaspars Ozers (15 September 1968, Tukuma Rajons) is a former Latvian professional cyclist who had a brief professional career during the 1990s. He took part in the Tour de France twice, as a teammate of Lance Armstrong. In 1995 one of his teammates was Fabio Casartelli. Ozers had already left the Tour when Casartelli died.
Palmares.
Note: He turned pro on 1 September.

</doc>
<doc id="31223440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223440" title="Man of Action Studios">
Man of Action Studios

Man of Action Studios is an American writer collective specializing in various brands of media ranging from television, films, comic books, and animation. The studio is best known for their hit animated action shows, "Ben 10" and "Generator Rex".
Man of Action Studios is owned and operated by comic icons Duncan Rouleau, Joe Casey, Joe Kelly, and Steven T. Seagle.

</doc>
<doc id="31223443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223443" title="Alexander John Scott (principal)">
Alexander John Scott (principal)

Alexander John Scott (1805–1866) was a Scottish dissident theologian, who became the first principal of Owens College.
Early life.
The son of Dr. John Scott (died 1836), minister of the Middle Church, Greenock, by his wife Susanna, daughter of Alexander Fisher of Dychmount, he was born on 26 March 1805. He was educated at the local grammar school and at the University of Glasgow, which he entered at the age of fourteen, remaining there until he was twenty-one. Having graduated M.A. in 1827, he was around the same time licensed by the presbytery of Paisley to preach in the Church of Scotland. He had previously obtained a tutorship in Edinburgh, where he attended medical classes at the university. 
Minister.
His first sermon after he was licensed was preached for the Rev. John McLeod Campbell, who heard him ‘with very peculiar delight.’ In the following year (1828) he made the acquaintance of Thomas Erskine of Linlathen, afterwards one of his closest friends, and of Edward Irving, who invited him to be his assistant in London. He accepted the invitation, without committing himself to Irving's doctrinal views. He spent the winter months in preaching and teaching among the poor of Westminster. Towards the close of 1829 he went to preach for McLeod Campbell at Row, and also at Port Glasgow, where his sermons on the Charismata or ‘spiritual gifts’ of 1 Corinthians xii. led to an exhibition of speaking with tongues and prophesying in the church. The movement and the manifestations accompanying it had great influence on Irving, more than on Scott himself, who never felt the utterances to be proofs of any inspiration. The connection between the two preachers was soon afterwards severed, though their friendship continued. 
In the summer of 1830 Scott received an invitation to the pastorate of the Scottish church at Woolwich, but the necessary ordination involved subscription to the Westminster Confession of Faith. This he could not give, and he put his objections in a letter to the moderator of the London presbytery, in which he stated his inability to assent to the doctrine that ‘none are redeemed by Christ but the elect only,’ as well as his conviction that the ‘Sabbath and the Lord's day were not, as stated in the catechism, one ordinance, but two, perfectly distinct, the one Jewish and the other Christian.’ He also mentioned doubts as to the validity of the presbytery's powers in ordination. On 27 May 1831 he was charged with heresy before the presbytery of Paisley, and deprived of his license to preach, a sentence which was confirmed by the general assembly. Scott then remained at Woolwich until 1846, as minister of a small congregation.
Academic.
In November 1848 he obtained the chair of English language and literature in University College, London, and in 1851 was appointed principal of Owens College, Manchester, then recently established. With this post he held the professorship of logic and mental philosophy, of comparative grammar, and of English language and literature. Soon after his appointment he took part with the Rev. William Gaskell and others in starting the Manchester Working Men's College, later merged in the evening classes at Owens College. He resigned the principalship in May 1857, being succeeded by Joseph Gouge Greenwood, but continued to act as professor until his death.
His health, always delicate, grew weaker in his later years. With the hope of gaining strength he went to Switzerland in the autumn of 1865, but died at Veytaux on 12 January 1866, and was buried in the cemetery at Clarens.
Works.
His lecture series printed in separate form included:
F. D. Maurice dedicated his ‘Mediæval Philosophy’ to him; James Baldwin Brown dedicated to him his ‘Divine Life in Man,’ 1860; and George MacDonald, besides inscribing his novel of ‘Robert Falconer’ to him, wrote two poems ‘to A. J. Scott,’ which are included in his ‘Poetical Works’ (1893, i. 271, 280).
Family.
He married Ann Ker at Greenock in December 1830, and had an only son, John Alexander Scott, B.A., barrister-at-law, who died on 9 January 1894, aged 48; and a daughter. Mrs. Scott died in December 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="31223450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223450" title="Padaung">
Padaung

Padaung ("copper neck") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31223468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223468" title="Tweralpspitz">
Tweralpspitz

The Tweralpspitz is a mountain in the Appenzell Alps, located near Wattwil in the canton of St. Gallen. It is the highest point of the chain situated north of Ricken Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="31223470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223470" title="Tumu">
Tumu

Tumu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31223501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223501" title="Alejandro Miguel Sánchez">
Alejandro Miguel Sánchez

Alejandro Miguel Sánchez (born 25 October 1986) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for the Chilean Primera División club Nueva Chicago as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="31223505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223505" title="Bids for the 1928 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1928 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1928 Winter Olympics consisted of three bids, all from Switzerland, and saw St. Moritz be selected ahead of Davos and Engelberg. The selection was made at the 24th IOC Session in Lisbon, Portugal, in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="31223546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223546" title="Robert Height">
Robert Height

Robert Height is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent.
High school.
Height attended Cass Technical High School (in chemical engineering), where he graduated in 2002. He was a high school teammate of Vernon Gholston.
College.
Because of his small stature, he was passed over by many top NCAA football programs, despite having 4.4 speed, being a two-star prospect according to Rivals.com He went to Northwood University in Midland, Michigan where he was coached by Pat Reipma. During his freshman season at Northwood, he did not see any time as running back or receiver, but he did find his way onto the field through special teams. As the primary kickoff returner, his lone touchdown came on a 91-yard kickoff return. In his sophomore season, he made an impact by being a big play maker on offense, both with rushing attempts and receptions, as he had the highest average yard gains per attempt on the team. In his junior year, his offensive load increased again. His senior year, he saw a slight decline in his playing time, losing his kickoff returning duties. He was a college teammate of Randy Degg.
He ranks 23rd in all-time rushing yards in Northwood history with 1,381.
He also holds the school's single-season punt return yards with 319 in 2003.
Professional.
Port Huron Pirates.
In 2006 and 2007, Height played as a member of the Port Huron Pirates, an 2006 expansion team in the Great Lakes Indoor Football League (name changed to Continental Indoor Football League in 2007). As the Pirates backup running back in 2006, he was more of a threat as receiver and return man. The Pirates won the 2006 Great Lakes Bowl I by a score of 40–34 over the Rochester Raiders. Height was the team's leading receiver in the game with 3 catches for 48 yards. In the 2007 season, Height was unleashed upon the league, on his way to a CIFL-record 41 touchdowns. He was named the CIFL's MVP and Offensive Player of the Year.
Chicago Slaughter.
The Pirates folded after the 2007 season, thus making Height available to join the not too distant Chicago Slaughter in 2008. He saw a reduced amount of playing time for the Slaughter, despite his MVP 2007 season.
Saginaw Sting.
In the 2009 season, Height joined the Saginaw Sting, who were fresh off a CIFL championship, and headed to the newly formed Indoor Football League. He got 37 carries for 150 yards and 7 rushing touchdowns, as well as leading the team in receptions with 33, yards with 325, and receiving touchdowns 7.
West Michigan ThunderHawks.
He joined the West Michigan ThunderHawks in 2010. Also of the IFL, he achieved 76 carries for 282 yards and 9 rushing touchdowns, as well as 53 receptions for 409 yards and 5 touchdowns.
Port Huron Predators.
Height has returned to Port Huron, this time with the expansion Port Huron Predators.

</doc>
<doc id="31223553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223553" title="The Dilemma (1914 film)">
The Dilemma (1914 film)

The Dilemma is a 1914 short written and directed by George Morgan and featuring William Russell.

</doc>
<doc id="31223556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223556" title="Robert Barbour (minister)">
Robert Barbour (minister)

Robert Alexander Stewart Barbour KCVO MC was a Church of Scotland minister and an author.
Barbour was born on 11 May 1921 and educated at Rugby and Balliol. He served in World War II with The Scottish Horse. A Minister since 1954 he was for many years a lecturer in Divinity at the University of Edinburgh and Professor of New Testament Exegesis at the University of Aberdeen from 1971 to 1982. He was Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland from 1979 to 1980 and and Dean of the Chapel Royal in Scotland from 1981 to 1991. An Honorary Chaplain to the Queen, he was also a chaplain of the Order of St John of Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="31223561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223561" title="Liu Quankun">
Liu Quankun

Liu Quankun (, born 17 February 1983 in China) is a Chinese and Hong Kong footballer, who currently plays for Kitchee in Hong Kong.
Club career.
Liu Quankun spent his youth career in Dalian Shide and moved to Hong Kong in 2003 when he started to play for Kitchee. 
On 30 April 2008, in the 2008 AFC Cup group match against Singapore Armed Forces, Liu Quankun removed his shirt to fan his team-mate Lo Chi Hin, who had collapsed unconscious after suffering a suspected heart attack. Liu Quankun was subsequently received a second yellow card from the Sri Lankan referee Hettikamkanamge Perera due to the removal of shirt. In July, Liu Quankun received a formal apology from Mohammed Bin Hammam, the President of Asian Football Confederation, for this wrong red card given.
International career.
He was eligible to represent Hong Kong national football team after staying in Hong Kong for two years. He made his international debut on 1 February 2006 in 2006 Carlsberg Cup third place match versus Croatia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="31223565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223565" title="Arts Horizons">
Arts Horizons

Arts Horizons is a not-for-profit arts-in-education organization that provides live professional performances and artist-in-residence programs to students and professional development for teachers throughout New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Arts Horizons’ mission is "to foster development of the whole person and to improve education by delivering quality arts programs and activities to schools and communities."
The organization was founded in 1978 by John Devol under the name "Festival of Music." In 1995, the organization changed its title to "Arts Horizons". Arts Horizons has, since its founding, presented programs to over eight million students, teachers and community members.
In 2008 Arts Horizons created the Paul Newman Award for Services to Arts and Children. The award is bestowed to individuals who have exhibited outstanding contributions to arts education. Also in 2008, LeRoy Neiman donated $1 million to the organization to open its first permanent youth arts center in Harlem.

</doc>
<doc id="31223579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223579" title="Robin Söderling career statistics">
Robin Söderling career statistics

This is a list of the main career statistics of Swedish professional tennis player, Robin Söderling. To date, Söderling has won ten ATP singles titles including one ATP Masters 1000 title at the 2010 BNP Paribas Open. He was also the runner-up at the French Open in 2009 and 2010 and a semi-finalist at the year-ending ATP World Tour Finals in 2009. Söderling achieved a career high singles ranking of World No. 4 on November 15, 2010.
Söderling has been inactive since July 2011. He initially sustained a wrist injury and was later diagnosed with mononucleosis. He has no timetable on returning.
Career achievements.
In 2009, Söderling made history by becoming the first (and thus far only player) to defeat Rafael Nadal at the French Open. He prevailed in four sets and eventually reached his first grand slam singles final at the event where he lost to then World No. 2 Roger Federer in straight sets, allowing the Swiss to complete a Career Grand Slam in the process. Söderling reached the top ten of the ATP Singles Rankings for the first time in his career later that year and qualified for the year-ending ATP World Tour Finals where he lost in the semi-finals to eventual runner-up, Juan Martín del Potro in three sets. Nonetheless, Söderling finished the year at a then career high of World No. 8.
His good form carried over into 2010 as he reached the semifinals of an ATP Masters 1000 event for the first time at the 2010 BNP Paribas Open where he lost to seventh seed and eventual runner-up Andy Roddick in three sets. In June, Söderling reached his second consecutive final at the French Open, defeating World No. 2 and defending champion Roger Federer for the first time in his career at an ATP level match en route. This win also ended Federer's streak of 23 consecutive semifinal appearances at the grand slams. However, Söderling was not able to cause the same upset he had the previous year, losing to Nadal in straight sets in the final. At the remaining grand slams, Söderling reached the quarterfinals of Wimbledon for the first time in his career where he lost to Nadal in four sets and the quarterfinals of the US Open for the second year in a row where he lost once again to Federer. In November of the same year, Söderling won his first major singles title at the BNP Paribas Masters, defeating Frenchman Gaël Monfils in the final. The win also earned Söderling a new career high singles ranking of World No. 4.
In January 2011, Söderling reached the fourth round of the Australian Open for the first time in his career, but lost to unseeded Ukrainian, Alexandr Dolgopolov in five sets. In February of the same year, Söderling completed a successful title defense for the first time in his career by winning his second consecutive title at the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament.
Singles Performance timeline.
"Current till the end of 2014 ATP World Tour.
1Held as Hamburg Masters till 2008.
2Held as Madrid Masters till 2008.
Head-to-head record vs. Top 10 ranked players.
Söderling's win-loss record against players who have been ranked World No. 10 or higher is as follows:
"Players who are currently playing on tour are marked in bold face.
Career Grand Slam seedings.
The tournaments won by Soderling are in boldface, while those where he was runner-up are italicized.

</doc>
<doc id="31223626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223626" title="Bids for the 1932 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1932 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1932 Winter Olympics consisted of nine bids, of which seven were from the United States. It saw Lake Placid, United States, be selected ahead of the US candidates Yosemite Valley, Lake Tahoe, Bear Mountain, Duluth, Minneapolis and Denver, and Oslo, Norway and Montreal, Canada. The selection was made at the 27th IOC Session in Lausanne, Switzerland, on 10 April 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="31223632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223632" title="With Just One Look in Your Eyes">
With Just One Look in Your Eyes

"With Just One Look in Your Eyes" is a song written by Stephen Allen Davis and Dennis Morgan and recorded by American country music artists Charly McClain and Wayne Massey as a duet. It was released in 1985 as the second single from the album "Radio Heart". The song reached #5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31223644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223644" title="Ludwig von Tetmajer">
Ludwig von Tetmajer

Ludwig von Tetmajer (July 14, 1850, Krompachy, Slovakia - February 1, 1905, Vienna, Austria) was a professor at the Eidgenössischen Polytechnikum, the fore-runner of modern ETH in Zurich. Tetmajer was a pioneer in the development of the research laboratories for determining the physical and mechanical properties of the construction materials and a co-founder of the Festigkeitsprüfungsanstalt, the modern Eidgenossische Materialprüfungs- und Forschungsanstalt (Empa) of Switzerland.
Life.
Ludwig Temajer was born as the second child of Wladyslaw Tetmajer, director of the iron-works in Krompachy (Slovakia) and Luise Elsner. They belonged to the Austro-Swiss branch of the Tetmajer family. His cousins, novelist Kazimierz Przerwa-Tetmajer and painter Włodzimierz Tetmajer, belonged to the Polish branch of the family. He spent his childhood in the vicinity of the iron-works what decisively influenced his life. In 1867 he finished his secondary education "cum laude" and after a one-year preparatory study he enrolled at the Faculty of Engineering at the Eidgenössischen Polytechnikum in Zurich, Switzerland. In 1872, at the age of 22, he finished his education as a building engineer with the highest marks.
Tetmajer first worked as an intern with the Swiss Northeastern Railway. In 1873, he became an assistant of Carl Culmann from the chair of Statics at the Eidgenössischen Polytechnikum and later the same year became a Privatdozent for the Building Mechanics.
In 1875, he was conscripted and served for a year with the 66th Austro-Hungarian infantry regiment. In order to gain Swiss citizenship he left the army in 1877 as a reserve officer of the 34th infantry regiment.
Having been granted the Swiss citizenship, he married the opera singer Maria Luise Kindermann (March 3, 1852 - June 22, 1912), the daughter of the opera singer August Kindermann on October 24, 1877 in Munich. They had three children: Elsa (born August 26, 1878), August Helmar Rudolf (January 12, 1880 - July 14, 1946), an architect and a chronicler of the family, and Bruno Friedrich (born June 17, 1887), a chemist.
In 1878, Tetmajer was appointed an extraordinary professor at the Zurich Polytechnic Institute. In 1880 he was appointed a provisional director of the Festigkeitsprüfungsanstalt and from February 1, 1881 a permanent director of that institution and an ordinary professor for the Building mechanics. He was the president of the newly founded International association for the material testing from 1896. 
In 1901, he was appointed Professor of the Technical Mechanics and the Building Materials at Vienna University of Technology, resigning as the head of the Festigkeitsprüfungsanstalt and as a professor at ETH. Tetmajer died on the 31st of January 1905 due to a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="31223653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223653" title="Gäu Railway (Eutingen–Freudenstadt)">
Gäu Railway (Eutingen–Freudenstadt)

The Gäu Railway () from Eutingen–Freudenstadt is a railway line in the German state of Baden-Württemberg that runs from the cultural landscape of the Gäu to the eastern edge of the Black Forest. It is a section of the Gäu Railway from Stuttgart to Freudenstadt opened in 1 September 1879.
The line was the link from the state capital of Stuttgart to the Kinzig Valley Railway. Both the Gäu Railway and the Kinzig Valley Railway were main lines until 1974. Since the mid-1970s these railways were threatened time and again with closure. Not until 2006 was comprehensive electrification and renovation work carried out as part of the development of the "Freudenstädter Stern" regional network. Finally the line was integrated into the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn network and once again after a decade a direct link to Stuttgart was introduced.
The Gäu Railway was planned by railway engineer, Georg Morlok, and was characterised by viaducts and deep rock cuttings that were an architectural challenge to build.
Gleichwohl konnten die Königlich Württembergische Staats-Eisenbahnen die etwa 88 km lange Gäubahn von Stuttgart über Herrenberg und Eutingen bis Freudenstadt am 1. September 1879 am Stück feierlich eröffnen. Eigens für die Einweihung wurde ein „Gäu-Bahn-Eröffnungsmarsch“ komponiert. Die neue Bahnstrecke stellte im Hauptbahnhof Freudenstadt den Anschluss an die bereits gebaute Kinzigtalbahn her und in Eutingen an die Nagoldtalbahn.
Entwicklung bis zum Zweiten Weltkrieg (1879–1945).
Da man das Gleis der Gäubahn Stuttgart–Freudenstadt in den damals schon vorhandenen Eutinger Bahnhof an der Nagoldtalbahn einführte, mussten die Züge von Stuttgart nach Freudenstadt in Eutingen Kopf machen. Zunächst verkehrten auf der Strecke nur drei planmäßige Züge pro Tag und die Signale und Weichen wurden von Hand gestellt. Es zeigte sich jedoch schnell, dass dies mit dem zunehmenden Verkehr und den gestiegenen Sicherheitsstandards Probleme verursachte. So wurde bis 1891 ein Stellwerk am Hauptbahnhof Freudenstadt errichtet.
Um 1900 wurde Freudenstadt Ziel des Bäderzuges von Frankfurt und Wiesbaden über Karlsruhe, Pforzheim und Hochdorf. Auch der legendäre Orient-Express führte damals von Paris über Straßburg, Offenburg und die Kinzigtalbahn nach Freudenstadt, wo es über die Gäubahn weiter in Richtung Stuttgart und den Balkan ging.
Ende der 1920er Jahre begann der Bau einer Nebenstrecke zur Gäubahn, die von Dornstetten über Dornstetten-Hallwangen nach Pfalzgrafenweiler führen sollte. Das Projekt wurde aus finanziellen Gründen aber nie vollendet. Umfunktionierte Bahndämme erinnern heute an dieses Kapitel.
1933 fand die Verlegung des ursprünglich näher am Gemeindezentrum gelegenen Eutinger Bahnhofs an seine heutige Position statt. Zeitgleich entstand eine Verbindungskurve, wodurch für Züge der Relation Stuttgart–Freudenstadt fortan die Notwendigkeit eines Fahrtrichtungswechsels entfiel. Auch begann damals zwischen Eutingen und Hochdorf der zweigleisige Bahnbetrieb. Zuvor hatte ein Gleis der Nagoldtalbahn und eines der Gäubahn gedient.
Wenige Tage vor Ende des Zweiten Weltkrieges und vier Stunden vor dem Einmarsch der französischen Truppen in Freudenstadt sprengte die deutsche Wehrmacht die drei Fachwerkviadukte der Gäubahn sinnlos. Der Bahnbetrieb musste lange Zeit ruhen.
Wiederinbetriebnahme und drohende Stilllegung (1945–1990).
Erst am 1. September 1949 konnte die Strecke, nach Reparatur des letzten Viadukts, wieder befahren werden. Ebenfalls ab September 1949 verkehrte der sogenannte "Franzosenzug", ein Eilzug mit dem etwas ungewöhnlichen Laufweg Offenburg–Hausach–Freudenstadt–Horb–Tübingen. Seinen Namen hatte er bekommen, weil er überwiegend dem französischen Militärverkehr diente.
Nach Übernahme der Gäubahn durch die Deutsche Bundesbahn wurde in Freudenstadt ein elektromechanisches Stellwerk gebaut. Es folgte eine Zeit der Blüte für den Tourismus im Schwarzwald, wovon insbesondere Freudenstadt profitierte. Im Jahr 1954 wurde das Wärterstellwerk Hochdorf in Richtung Eutingen außer Betrieb gesetzt und ein Fahrdienstleiter-Mittelstellwerk gebaut. Damit ging eine Vereinfachung des Spurplanes einher.
Unter anderem durch beliebter werdende Fernreiseziele und einer Verlagerung des Verkehrs auf die Straße kam es in den 1960er-Jahren zu einem starken Rückgang der Fahrgastzahlen. Gegen Ende des Jahrzehnts kamen so Überlegungen für eine Streckenstilllegung auf. Durch Zusammenhalt von Kommunalpolitik und Interessenverbänden sowie mit Unterstützung der Bundespolitik konnte dies jedoch abgewendet werden. Dennoch erfolgten lange Zeit kaum Investitionen in Wagenmaterial und Infrastruktur. 1974 wurde die Strecke von einer Hauptbahn zur Nebenbahn herabgestuft, ein Jahr später der Haltepunkt Freudenstadt-Grüntal stillgelegt.
1985 kam es zum Abbau des zweiten Gleises zwischen Eutingen und Hochdorf. Das verbliebene Gleis wird seitdem sowohl von der Gäu- als auch der Nagoldtalbahn genutzt. 1988 wurde die Güterverladung in Hochdorf eingestellt. Ebenfalls 1988 wurde der Bahnhof Eutingen von "Eutingen (Württ)" nach "Eutingen im Gäu" umbenannt.
Entwicklung im „Freudenstädter Stern“ (seit 1990).
Mitte der Neunzigerjahre entstanden Pläne für ein Regionalnetz mit dem Namen "Freudenstädter Stern". Diese sahen Kostensenkungen durch weitestgehende Rationalisierung bei Personal und Infrastruktur, die Einführung eines integralen Taktfahrplanes und Zugleistungen mindestens im Stundentakt vor.
Große Schritte hin zur Vollendung des Freudenstädter Sterns waren die Elektrifizierung der Murgtalbahn im Zuge der Verlängerung der Linien S 31 und S 41 der Karlsruher Stadtbahn nach Freudenstadt 2003, die Übernahme des Zugbetriebes auf der Kinzigtalbahn durch die Ortenau-S-Bahn (OSB) im Jahr 2005 sowie die Errichtung eines Elektronischen Stellwerks (ESTW) am Hauptbahnhof Freudenstadt.
Eines der letzten Projekte des Regionalnetzes war die Elektrifizierung der Gäubahn 2006 sowie der Neu- bzw. Umbau der Kreuzungsbahnhöfe Schopfloch und Hochdorf. Die Strecke konnte auf diese Weise mit der Linie S 41 ins Karlsruher Stadtbahnnetz eingebunden werden. Mit der Umstellung ging eine starke Zunahme der Fahrgastzahlen einher. Nutzten 2005 nur etwa 500 Fahrgäste pro Tag das Zugangebot auf der Gäubahn, so waren es 2007 bereits 1300 und 2008 1400 Fahrgäste. 
Um auch die Bevölkerung des östlichen Landkreises Freudenstadt nach dem Vorbild der Murgtalbahn möglichst gut an die Eisenbahn anzubinden, sind bis 2011 neue Haltepunkte in Freudenstadt-Grüntal, Dornstetten-Aach, Dornstetten Zentrum, Horb-Heiligenfeld und Eutingen geplant. Dornstetten Bahnhof würde dann entfallen. Zusätzlich soll der Haltepunkt Bittelbronn umgestaltet werden.
Bauliche Besonderheiten.
Die größte Herausforderung beim Bau der Gäubahn war die Überwindung der Täler bei Aach, Grüntal und Wittlensweiler. Dies erforderte den Bau von drei aufwändigen Fachwerkviadukten:
Für den Bau wurden große Mengen Stein aus Steinbrüchen der Region verwendet. Die Eisenkonstruktionen wurden aus Horb-Neckarhausen angeliefert.
Betrieb.
Allgemein.
Die Strecke wird durch die Deutsche Bahn AG betrieben. Zweistündlich verkehrt ein Regionalexpress (RE) von Freudenstadt nach Stuttgart. In den dazwischen liegenden Stunden hat die Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft (AVG) im Auftrag der Deutschen Bahn die Stadtbahnlinie S 41 Karlsruhe–Freudenstadt bis nach Eutingen verlängert. Dadurch kann Karlsruhe auch von Eutingen aus ohne Umsteigen erreicht werden. In Eutingen besteht mit der Stadtbahn Anschluss an den RE Stuttgart–Singen.
Als Zubringer für die S 1 der S-Bahn Stuttgart fährt die S 41 abends auch bis Herrenberg.
In Hochdorf besteht Anschluss an die Regionalbahn (RB) Pforzheim–Horb–Tübingen, in Freudenstadt an die Ortenau-S-Bahn nach Offenburg und die Stadtbahnlinien S 31 und S 41 nach Karlsruhe Hbf. bzw. Karlsruhe, Marktplatz.
Im Jahr 2007 errichtete die AVG beim Hauptbahnhof Freudenstadt eine Betriebshalle für Personal und Wagenmaterial. Insgesamt haben hier sechs eigene Fahrzeuge und zwei Triebwagen der Deutschen Bahn eine geschützte Abstellmöglichkeit.
Der Güterverkehr spielt auf der Gäubahn eine abnehmende Rolle. Nur noch im Industriegebiet Horb-Heiligenfeld gibt es eigens für den Güterverkehr vorgesehene Gleise. Letztmalig erfolgte nach den Sturmschäden der Orkane Lothar und Kyrill ein größerer Holztransport. Problematisch beim Güterverkehr ist insbesondere die hohe Auslastung der Gäubahn in dem kurzen Abschnitt zwischen Eutingen und Hochdorf, wo auch Züge der Nagoldtalbahn verkehren.
Gelegentlich finden auf der Gäubahn auch Fahrten mit historischen Dampfloks statt.
Tarife.
Neben dem Tarif der Deutschen Bahn sind auf der gesamten Gäubahn Fahrkarten der Verkehrs-Gemeinschaft Landkreis Freudenstadt (vgf) gültig. Überdies kann das RegioX-Ticket des Karlsruher Verkehrsverbundes (KVV) genutzt werden.

</doc>
<doc id="31223656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223656" title="Eric Buller">
Eric Buller

Major Eric Tremayne Buller M.C. (3 January 1894 – 8 August 1973) was an English cricketer and decorated British Army officer.
Early life and military career.
Born in Highworth, Wiltshire, he was educated at Harrow School, where he represented the school cricket team. In the First World War, Buller served in the initially Devonshire Regiment. In May 1915, he was listed in the London Gazette as having attended the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, passing out to be commissioned as a 2nd Lieutenant into the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry. In the January 1917 Supplement to the London Gazette, Buller was listed as being promoted to temporary Lieutenant from the rank of 2nd Lieutenant that he held, this time in the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry. During the course of the Great War he was awarded the Military Cross. He later served in the 2nd Battalion Duke of Cornwall’s Light Infantry as part of the British Rhine Army occupying the Rhineland. He eventually retired from the Army at some point prior to the Second World War, holding the rank of Major.
Cricket career.
Buller made his only first-class appearance following the war for the Army against the Cambridge University at Fenner's in 1919. In this match he scored 46 runs in the Army first-innings, before being dismissed by Arthur Gilligan. In their second-innings he scored an unbeaten 12 runs. With the ball he claimed 11 wicket-less overs. Buller played for the British Rhine Army, the occupying British force in Rhine Land, in 1922 against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Cologne. In 1924, he made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Devon against the Surrey Second XI. He represented Devon until 1926, and returned in 1931 to play a single match against Cornwall.
Personal life.
On 22 July 1922 he married Dorothy Bridget Tyrwhitt-Drake, with whom he had three children including one daughter, Tresilla Ann Elinor Buller Leyborne Popham who married 1954 Lt.-Col. Sir John Charles Arthur Digby Lawson, 3rd Bt (1912–2001), and had issue, the 4th Baronet. He changed his name to Eric Tremayne Buller Leyborne Popham on 15 October 1943. At some point in his life he lived in Little Gaddesden, Hertfordshire. He died in Bath, Somerset on 8 August 1973. His grandfather, Francis Leyborne Popham played first-class cricket for Oxford University and the Gentlemen of Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="31223660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223660" title="Bids for the 1936 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1936 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1936 Winter Olympics consisted of three bids, and saw Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, be selected ahead of Montreal, Canada, and St. Moritz, Switzerland. The selection was made at the 31st IOC Session in Vienna, Austria, on 10 April 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="31223669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223669" title="Subminor interval">
Subminor interval

In music, a subminor interval is an interval that is noticeably wider than a diminished interval but noticeably narrower than a minor interval. It is found in between a minor and diminished interval, thus making it below, or subminor to, the minor interval.
Second.
Thus, a subminor second is intermediate between a minor second and a diminished second (enharmonic to unison). An example of such an interval is the ratio 26:25, or 67.90 cents. Another example is the ratio 28:27, or 62.96 cents.
Third.
A subminor third is in between a minor third and a diminished third. An example of such an interval is the ratio 7:6 , or 266.87 cents, the septimal minor third, the inverse of the supermajor sixth. Another example is the ratio 13:11, or 289.21 cents.
Seventh.
A subminor seventh is an interval between a minor seventh and a diminished seventh. An example of such an interval is the 7:4 ratio, the harmonic seventh.
Use.
Composer Lou Harrison was fascinated with the 7:6 subminor third and 8:7 supermajor second, using them in pieces such as "Concerto for Piano with Javanese Gamelan", "Cinna" for tack-piano, and "Strict Songs" (for voices and orchestra). Together the two produce the 4:3 perfect fourth (a supermajor second above a subminor third is the perfect fourth).

</doc>
<doc id="31223688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223688" title="Bids for the 1944 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1944 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1944 Winter Olympics consisted of three bids, and saw Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy, be selected ahead of Montreal, Canada, and Oslo, Norway. The selection was made at the 31st IOC Session in London, Great Britain, in 1939. The games were ultimately not held due to the Second World War. Cortina d'Ampezzo was ultimately awarded a Winter Olympics in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="31223695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223695" title="El Cuero">
El Cuero

El Cuero is a Norwegian rock group formed in 2005 in Kristiansund. As of March 2013, they have released four studio albums. Their most recent album, "Victor's Justice", was released on March 8, 2013.
History.
Formation (2005-2007).
The band was formed by brothers Håvard and Brynjar Takle-Ohr in their hometown of Kristiansund in 2005. The brothers had prior to El Cuero played in several bands together, but were nearly estranged in the years prior to 2005, as they "grew tired of each other". Two of their friends and fellow musicians, Øyvind Blomstrøm and Tommy Reite, completed the line-up soon after. Initially starting out as an indie rock band, touring the country for two years, playing mostly festivals, pubs and minor events; the band entered the studio to record their eponymous debut album in 2007. Released to very positive reviews by the Norwegian media, the band soon became a highly demanded live attraction all over the country.
A Glimmer of Hope and From Mountains to Sand (2008-2012).
Less than a year after their first album, the band returned to the studio to record their follow-up album in 2008, following a highly successful tour to support their first album. Released the same year, their second album "A Glimmer of Hope", the band's major label debut, was met with universal praise, and the band soon embarked on an extensive tour to support the album, performing shows and festivals to rave reviews from both critics and fellow artists. Jackson Browne singled them out for praise while touring in Norway: "I was really impressed by El Cuero earlier today, I didn't expect Norwegians to have such a groove."
In the fall of 2010, the band announced on their official Facebook page that they were entering the studio to record their third album for a 2011 release. On March 8, 2011, the band announced that the album would be titled "From Mountains to Sand", and that a May 27 release date had been set, with the first single from the album titled "Footprints" to be released ten days later. The music video for the single was released on YouTube the same day. The album was released on schedule, and entered both the Norwegian iTunes album chart and national album charts at number one. During 2011-12 the band toured Scandinavia in promotion of their new album, once again harvesting rave reviews.
Victor's Justice and first live album (2012 - ).
In the fall of 2012, the band once again returned to the studio, and in September announced that twelve songs had been recorded for the album, with plans for an early 2013 release. The entire album was written and recorded in a three-week jam session, after the band locked themselves in an old, abandoned school building, to avoid distractions during the recording process. On November 28, the album's first single, "My Dark America" was released on the band's YouTube channel, along with news that the album would be released on February 8, 2013. In January 2013, the band revealed that the album had been pushed back to March 1, 2013 due to delays in the production of the album artwork. They also confirmed that the album would be released on CD, LP and digitally, like their previous release, while announcing a much awaited vinyl release of their first album. On January 28, 2013 the band confirmed that the album would be titled "Victor's Justice". The artwork and track listing was revealed in February, before the album was released on March 8, 2013, once again to overwhelmingly positive reviews. Following a four-month tour to support the album during spring and summer 2013, it was announced by the band on October 1 that they had finished production of their first live album, "El Cuero's Justice - Live!", to be released on October 11, 2013. The announcement came less than a day after the band posted on their Facebook page that they had "great news coming tomorrow".
Discography.
The band has released four albums and two singles as of March 2013, with their most recent album released on March 8, 2013. Their first album was released on CD, while their second album was released on both CD and vinyl LP. Their third album was released on CD, vinyl LP and via iTunes, marking the band's first digital album release. Their first single, "Footprints", was released exclusively on iTunes and on Platekompaniet's MP3 store on March 18, 2011. Two days later, their two first albums were re-released on iTunes as well. Their fourth studio album, "Victors Justice", was released on CD, digital and vinyl on March 8, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31223696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223696" title="Abba Pantelewon">
Abba Pantelewon

Abba Pentelewon (c. 470–522) was a Christian monk who is traditionally credited with founding Pentalewon Monastery located on the top of Mai Qoho Hill northwest of Axum in northern Ethiopia. He is one of the members of the group known as the Nine Saints.
The bishop Afonso Mendes, who had been the Roman Catholic Patriarch of Ethiopia under Emperor Susenyos, cited the "Chronicle of Axum" as saying about the Nine Saints, "In the days of Amiamid Ella Amida many monks came from Rum, who fill'd all the Empire; Nine of them stay'd in Tigre, and each of them erected a Church of his own Name." Bishop Mendez adds another tradition, which tells that when King Kaleb was asked to cross the Red Sea and overthrow the Jewish king Dhu Nuwas, who had slaughtered some 340 local Christians for their beliefs, his first step was to go to Pentelewon for his blessing on the adventure. Pentelewon was said to have shut himself in a tower for 45 years, which Mendez identifies with Pentalewon Monastery near Axum. Mendez also uses the information in this traditional story to date Pentelewon's arrival at the court of the king of Axum to "between 470 and 480." Tradition also states that when Kaleb abdicated the throne to become a monk, it was Abba Pantelewon's monastery he retreated to.

</doc>
<doc id="31223699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223699" title="Direct visual feedback">
Direct visual feedback

Direct Visual Feedback is a method of training used in both practical and rehabilitative settings where the attention of the trainee is tied to an external visual cue in reference to the particular movement, motor function or exercise that is being performed by the trainee. 
The principle to Bio-Feedback is very similar to DVF. Bio-Feedback, which is a process that enables an individual to learn how to change physiological activity for the purposes of improving health and performance by receiving rapid feedback from precise instruments which are measuring physiological activity such as brainwaves, heart function, breathing, muscle activity, and skin temperature. 
Direct Visual Feedback's method applies more directly to improving exterior physical health and performance. Instead of using technically advanced measuring instruments for feedback, DVF relies on the human eye. One method that has been used to test DVF is by placing a laser beam on the hand and connecting it to a monitor, when the trainee raises his arm from waist height to shoulder height he is focused on the external reference showing exactly what path the arm took from point A(waist height) to point B(shoulder height). Studies have shown that not only is a higher level of performance often achieved faster with an external rather than an internal attention focus, but the skill is retained better.
References.
Medical image computing and computer-assisted intervention:
MICCAI 2004, 7th international conference, Saint-Malo, France, September 26–29, 2004
Hutchinson S., G. D. Hager and P. I. Corke, A Tutorial on Visual Servo Control. IEEE Trans. on Robotics and Automation, Vol. 12, No. 5, October 1996, pp. 651–670.

</doc>
<doc id="31223711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223711" title="2010–11 Slovak Third League">
2010–11 Slovak Third League

The 2010–11 season of Slovak Third League (also known as 3. liga), was the eighteen season of the fourth-tier football league in Slovakia, since its establishment in 1993.
62 teams were geographically divided into four groups: 3. liga Bratislava (14 teams), 3. liga Západ, 3. liga Stred and 3. liga Východ (16 teams each). Teams were played against teams in their own division only.
From the next season was this league renamed to Majstrovstvá regiónu.

</doc>
<doc id="31223724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223724" title="Becky Edelsohn">
Becky Edelsohn

Rebecca Edelsohn, in contemporary sources often given as Becky Edelson, (1892–1973) was an anarchist and hunger striker who was jailed in 1914 for disorderly conduct during an Industrial Workers of the World speech. According to "The New York Times", she was the first woman to attempt a hunger strike in the United States.
Biography.
Edelsohn was born in 1892 in Odessa, Ukraine. Her family came to the United States when she was one or two years old. Later, she spent some time living in the Hebrew Orphan Asylum of New York. She was discharged from the orphanage on May 14, 1902. As a teenager, she lived in Emma Goldman's home.
In 1906, after Alexander Berkman's release from prison, Edelsohn became his close companion and, the following year, his lover. She was arrested in 1906 at a meeting to discuss Leon Czolgosz. She was arrested again at an International Brotherhood Welfare Association meeting at Cooper Union on Labor Day, 1908. She was arrested again on May 23, 1909, along with Leopold Bergman and charged with disorderly conduct.
In 1911, Ben Reitman performed an illegal abortion for her.
Following the Ludlow Massacre in 1914, Edelsohn helped to lead anti-Rockefeller demonstrations in Tarrytown, New York. On the first day of demonstrations, Edelsohn, Arthur Caron, Charles Plunkett, and other anarchists were arrested and charged with disorderly conduct after giving speeches at the public square. At her hearing, Edelsohn was specifically cited for calling John D. Rockefeller, Jr. a "multi-murderer". She was jailed at Blackwell's Island where she refused to accept any nourishment other than water. In a letter smuggled to Alexander Berkman, she wrote, "I am still sticking to my programme, having fasted over twenty-seven days. I am very weak." This letter prompted Edelsohn's friends to raise the $300 necessary to post a bond for her release.
Edelsohn married fellow anarchist Charles Plunkett after World War I. Their marriage lasted nine years. The couple had a son.
Edelsohn died of emphysema in 1973.
Legacy.
Maurice Hollod, an anarchist associated with "Mother Earth" and the New York Ferrer Center, remembered marching with Edelsohn in a 1972 interview with anarchist historian Paul Avrich:
A black flag was flying, and Becky Edelsohn was marching arm in arm with Charles Plunkett. She was a tremendously fiery person, always two steps ahead of Berkman or Goldman. She called for the immediate destruction of the capitalist system — a real propaganda-of-the-deedist! She was famous for her red stockings, which she was wearing that day. We marched up Fifth Avenue from Union Square to 107th Street. At Fifty-Ninth Street a black limousine was crossing and stopped momentarily for the crowd. Becky opened the door and spat in the face of the plutocrats.

</doc>
<doc id="31223783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223783" title="You Are My Music, You Are My Song">
You Are My Music, You Are My Song

"You Are My Music, You Are My Song" is a song written by David Erwin and Jim Carter, and recorded by American country music artists Charly McClain and Wayne Massey as a duet. It was released in 1985 as the third single from the album "Radio Heart". The song reached #10 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31223796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223796" title="Civil Air Guard">
Civil Air Guard

The Civil Air Guard was a 1938 scheme in which the UK government subsidized training fees for members of flying clubs, in return for future military call-up commitments.
History.
On 23 July 1938, Sir Kingsley Wood, Secretary of State for Air, announced the creation of the Civil Air Guard scheme. Its intention was to provide pilots who could assist the Royal Air Force in a time of emergency. The scheme was civilian in nature, and established in conjunction with local flying clubs; membership was open to any person between the ages of 18 and 50.
In 1938, the Air Ministry offered a grant of £25 to pilot members of flying clubs who obtained an 'A' type licence; if they volunteered for the Civil Air Guard, the grant would be increased to £50 for those trained on standard aircraft types, or £30 for aircraft lighter than . The renewal grant would be increased from £10 to £15. Members would receive flying training at subsidised rates of either 2s 6d or 5s an hour during the week, and 5s or 10s at weekend. A then current maximum subsidy of £2000 for each club would not apply to those in the air guard.
Within a few weeks, more than 13,350 persons had inquired about joining, but only 6,900 had actually enrolled in a flying club. The Air Ministry also lifted a restriction on the use of foreign aircraft for training by the flying clubs; previously, only British-built aircraft could be used, if the club wanted ministry subsidies.
To control the organisation, five commissioners were appointed, and held the first meeting on 29 August 1938 at Ariel House, Strand, London. The chairman of the commissioners was Lord Londonderry, and the members were William Lindsay Everard, a Member of Parliament; Major Alan Goodfellow, former First World War pilot and chairman of the Royal Aero Club and the General Council of Associated Light Aeroplane Clubs; Maxine (Blossom) Miles, aviator and aircraft designer; Robert Murray, president of the Glasgow Corporation Transport Flying Club; the secretary was Air Commodore John Adrian Chamier. The organisation already had 23,647 members with the 75 flying clubs in the scheme. The first training flight commenced on 1 September 1938, and 1,500 of the 23,647 members were available for training.
On 8 October 1938, the Air Ministry announced that over 30,000 applications had been received. The scheme had created a demand for more flying instructors, so the Air Ministry created a temporary Assistant Flying Instructor certificate that could be obtained after 100 hours solo flying, rather than 250 hours for the full certificate.
On 24 January 1939, as the chance of war became closer, Civil Air Guard licence holders were classed in three groups:
Members who could not classed in either A, B or C would be advised to look for some other form of national service. Selected members of all three groups would also get additional subsidised training, and were known as starred groups; Class A starred members would get Royal Air Force medicals.
With the cessation of civil flying as the war approached, most members of the Civil Air Guard enlisted in either the Royal Air Force or the Fleet Air Arm; some of the women members went on to join the Air Transport Auxiliary. Other members were used for special duties in both military and civil aviation, or moved on to other non-aviation war duties.

</doc>
<doc id="31223853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223853" title="Digitcom">
Digitcom

Digitcom Canada Inc. is a Canadian business phone systems and data networks distributor. Primarily serving the greater Toronto, Montreal, and Southern Ontario small and midsize enterprise (SME) markets, Digitcom provides sales and support for telecommunications systems. Digitcom also runs the technology and telecommunications blog, which provides news, insight, and analysis of current events in both the North American and worldwide telecommunications markets.
History.
Established in 1991, Digitcom began as a reseller of voice mail, specializing in selling the Octel Compass product to the Canadian business market. The company expanded in 1993, which saw the inclusion of the sales and support of Avaya, Cisco, and the legacy Nortel line of telephony products.
Critical acclaim.
Digitcom is an Avaya SME Expert dealer in Canada, and President Jeff Wiener is currently the only Canadian to sit on the Avaya SME Advisory Council.
On October 20, 2010, at Avaya’s Global Sales and Partner Conference in Las Vegas, Digitcom received the SME Canadian Business Partner of the Year award. To be considered for the Business Partner of the Year award, eligible companies must achieve a 90 percent customer satisfaction rating, demonstrate industry leadership and outperform key strategic goals.

</doc>
<doc id="31223865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223865" title="1998–99 Middlesbrough F.C. season">
1998–99 Middlesbrough F.C. season

During the 1998–99 English football season, Middlesbrough competed in the FA Premier League (known as the FA Carling Premiership for sponsorship reasons).
Season summary.
Middlesbrough were the only newly promoted side to avoid relegation in 1998–99. They attained an impressive ninth place finish in the final table - too high for relegation, but not quite high enough for a UEFA Cup place; they drew 15 games throughout the league season which ultimately prevented them from finishing any higher. Still, it was their highest finish for more than 20 years and a step in the right direction for manager Bryan Robson – who had come close to European qualification (via the cup competitions) in the previous two campaigns.
Results.
"Middlesbrough's score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.footballsquads.co.uk/eng/1998-1999/faprem/middles.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="31223884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223884" title="Hyalopecten">
Hyalopecten

Hyalopecten is a genus of marine bivalve mollusks.
The placement of the genus "Hyalopecten" is currently uncertain. Habe included "Hyalopecten" within the subfamily Camptonectinae. However, "Hyalopecten" lacks antimarginal microsculpture, which is a key characteristic of Camptonectinae. Some authors consider "Ciclopecten" Seguenza, 1877 to be a senior synonym, however "Ciclopecten" has antimarginal microsculpture.

</doc>
<doc id="31223894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223894" title="List of execution chambers in the United States">
List of execution chambers in the United States

The following is a list of the state execution chambers in the United States Of America.

</doc>
<doc id="31223897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223897" title="Kaipara Tidal Power Station">
Kaipara Tidal Power Station

The Kaipara tidal power station is a proposed tidal power project to be located in the Kaipara Harbour. The project is being developed by Crest Energy, with an ultimate size of 200MW at a cost of $600 million.
Crest plans to place the turbines at least 30 metres deep along a ten kilometre stretch of the main channel. Historical charts show this stretch of the channel has changed little over 150 years. The output of the turbines will cycle twice daily with the predictable rise and fall of the tide. Each turbine will have a maximum output of 1.2 MW, and is expected to generate 0.75 MW averaged over time.
In 2013, it was announced that the project had been put on hold, and most of the shares in Crest Energy had been sold to Todd Energy.
Kaipara Harbour.
The entrance to Kaipara Harbour, one of the largest harbours in the world, is a channel to the Tasman Sea. It narrows to a width of , and is over deep in parts. On average, Kaipara tides rise and fall . At high tide, nearly 1000 square kilometres are flooded. Spring tidal flows reach 9 km/h (5 knots) in the entrance channel and move 1,990 million cubic meters per tidal movement or 7,960 million cubic meters daily.
Consents.
In 2008, the Northland Regional Council granted resource consents for only 100 turbines. This was appealed to the Environment Court, which in 2011 set conditions for the project allowing for 200 turbines, with many conditions including staged development. The Minister of Conservation granted resource consents for the project in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31223899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223899" title="David Torrisi">
David Torrisi

David M. Torrisi (born September 18, 1968 in Methuen, Massachusetts) is an American attorney and politician who represented the 14th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Torrisi graduated from the University of Vermont in 1990 and found work as a child care counselor. He later served as an aide to Congressman Marty Meehan.
From 1996–1999, Torrisi served as a member of the North Andover Board of Selectman. In 1998 he defeated incumbent Donna Cuomo in the general election.
On September 6, 2012, Torrisi was defeated in the Democratic Primary by Diana DiZoglio. He lost every community in his district except North Andover.

</doc>
<doc id="31223906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223906" title="Lucy Arbell">
Lucy Arbell

Lucy Arbell (born Georgette Wallace, Paris, September 1882, died Paris, 1947), was a French mezzo-soprano whose operatic career was mainly centred in Paris and who was particularly associated with the composer Jules Massenet.
Life and career.
Arbell made her stage debut as Dalila at the Paris Opéra on 23 October 1903. She also sang there Amneris in "Aida", Madalena in "Rigoletto", Uta in "Sigurd", Fricka in "La Valkyrie" and "Thérèse".
She had a close relationship with the late operas of Massenet, creating roles in "Ariane" (Perséphone), "Thérèse" (title role), "Bacchus" (Queen Amahelli), "Don Quichotte" (Dulcinée), "Roma" (Postumia), and "Panurge" (Colombe).
At the Opéra-Comique she sang Charlotte ("Werther") up to the 1920s.
As a singer she is described as having a strong, vibrant ‘mezzo-contralto’ and a vivacious personality.

</doc>
<doc id="31223919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223919" title="Classic Anne Briggs">
Classic Anne Briggs

Classic Anne Briggs is a compilation album by Anne Briggs, released by Topic Records in 1990.
The recordings are drawn from "The Iron Muse" (1963), "The Hazards of Love" (1964), "The Bird in the Bush (Traditional Erotic Songs)" (1966) and "Anne Briggs" (1971).

</doc>
<doc id="31223936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223936" title="The Parkade">
The Parkade

The Parkade is a ten-level parking structure in Spokane, Washington. It was built for $3.5 million in 1967 by Sceva Construction Company, with concrete furnished by the Acme Concrete Company. The structure was built to accommodate one thousand automobiles and achieved its record capacity on December 22, 1969 with 3878 cars, well beyond the 1967 capacity needs. The architect for the project was Warren C. Heylman, who was also responsible for other notable works in and around Spokane including the Spokane Regional Health Building, the Riverfalls Tower Apartments, the original terminal of the Spokane International Airport, and the public library in Colfax, Washington. The Parkade is notable for its connection to the Spokane skywalks and won an award for 'excellence in use of concrete' in 1968 that was presented directly to Warren C. Heylman.
Site and Past Occupants.
The site, situated on Main Street, between Howard and Stevens, was originally occupied by six old and deteriorating buildings. The new Parkade project encompassed not only a large parking structure but eight businesses that would occupy the second-level skywalk level, including R. Alan Brown Interior Design Studio, a Hickory Farms retail store, Early Dawn Ice Cream shop, Northwest Radio & TV store, and an art gallery hosted by the R. Alan Interior Design Studio in the rotunda under the helical down ramp of the parking center. The Parkade concept was praised by John G. F. Hieber, Parkade president for “focusing a lot of attention on our city center... It has brought us tenants who until now had been expanding into outlying shopping centers.”
Intent and Impact.
The Parkade was built as a private renewal project to promote business in downtown Spokane. It shifted downtown traffic patterns with the goal of enlarging the tax base if the city core. “A first step for Spokane and other cities in revitalizing their central business district is to provide parking, this center, we feel, goes a long way towards filling that need here”, commented John G. F. Hieber. 
Spokane Unlimited Inc., a nonprofit organization of the city's business leaders concerned with revitalizing the downtown area, advocated such a parking structure as one of the first major moves in halting congestion resulting from the auto. “Creeping blight has been engulfing many business districts,” said Philip H. Stanton, president of Spokane Unlimited. “This is a way to halt it – make potential income from surrounding properties so high owners can't afford to leave it unimproved at present rental rates.” Philip W. Alexander, managing director of the adjacent Bon Marche and vice president of the Parkade claimed that the Parkade isn't just a parking garage but a symbol of new life in the heart of Spokane. “We wanted and got a dramatic structure. It is aesthetic and functional and is already spurring plans for upgrading other properties around it.”
Design.
The Parkade incorporated many new and innovative design features for a parking structure. The skywalks that circle the structure were the first of its kind found on a parking center and was one of the few 'modern' parking facilities with a roof, a realistic and sensible solution given the climate of the region. The design separated pedestrian and automobile entrances and exits, a consideration not found on similar parking garages of the time period. Floors in the garage are sloped to allow for maximum parking spaces, the architect commented, “All the floors are sloping in this thing – parking structures aren't easy to design.” Light, long columns in the exterior design were used to create a vertical effect. Light arches, a 'working arch', creates a wide overhang at the top, protecting the white outer walls and shielding the structure from bad weather. A striking feature of the center is its sculptured tower extending 175 feet above the ground and far above the main structure. Its major function is housing the mechanisms for the passenger elevators. The tower also serves as a beacon to motorists, signaling a safe place to park their vehicles. And people were the center of the design claimed the architect Heylman, “There will be a news stand and outdoor restaurant with brightly colored umbrellas, a city ticket booth, and other pleasant facilities. The environment is designed for people – not things.”

</doc>
<doc id="31223966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223966" title="Pectinoidea">
Pectinoidea

The Pectinoidea are a superfamily of marine bivalve mollusks.
The Pectinoidea include these families:

</doc>
<doc id="31223982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223982" title="Entergy v. Riverkeeper">
Entergy v. Riverkeeper

Entergy v. Riverkeeper, 556 U.S. ___ (2009), is a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court reviewed the United States Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) interpretation of the Clean Water Act regulations with regard to cooling water intakes for power plants. Existing facilities are mandated to use the "Best Technology Available" to "minimize the adverse environmental impact." The importance of this case is whether the agency may use a cost–benefit analysis (CBA) in choosing the Best Technology Available also known in the industry as Best Available Technology or (BAT) to meet the National performance standards (NPS). Reversing a lower court opinion, in a 5 - 1 - 3 ruling the court decided to uphold EPA's decision as reasonable to allow CBA when determining BAT to maintain national environmental standards.
Parties.
Petitioner: Entergy Corporation is an energy company engaged primarily in electric power production and retail electric distribution operations. Entergy owns and operates both nuclear and fossil fuel power plants generating an aggregated 30,000 megawatts of electrical capacity. Indian Point Energy Center is a subsidiary of Entergy Corporation operating a three-unit nuclear power plant in Buchanan, New York, the facility at issue in this case.
Respondent: Riverkeeper is a member-supported environmental protection organization dedicated to defending the Hudson River and its tributaries for New York City and Hudson Valley residents. Over the past four decades Riverkeeper has been successful as the public's watchdog in bringing hundreds of pollution violations to justice and protecting drinking water for local communities. Riverkeeper has an ongoing interest in replacing Indian Point nuclear power plant with renewable energy.
This case is a consolidation of three cases for review by the Supreme Court 
"Entergy Corporation v. Riverkeeper, Inc., et al."
"PSEG Fossil LLC, et al., v. Riverkeeper, Inc., et al."
"Utility Water Act Group, v. Riverkeeper, Inc., et al."
Background.
Among the ten major environmental regulatory statutes enacted from the 1960s through the 1980s only the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) and the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act ( FIFRA) granted authority to weigh the cost and benefits in determining policy requirements. The remainder of the regulations rely mainly on harm-based or technology-based methodologies that clearly exclude cost–benefit analysis (CBA) or at a minimum do not provide for it. The Clean Water Act statute uses technology based methods to meet its standards. See Note 1.
Three pre- Entergy Supreme Court decisions offer historical guidance into the possible crafting of the CBA canon. Each of them address the priority of environmental health and safety concerns with the appropriate level of costs- benefit analysis. 
Various States and environmental groups challenged the Bush Administration Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) recent interpretation of § 316(b) of the Clean Water Act (CWA), 33 U.S.C. §1326(b), that allowed exceptions to power plants that diverged from national standards. The claim against the EPA was that the agency "unreasonably" interpreted the regulations of the CWA when it determined that cost–benefit analysis was a method that could be used to determine the BAT when minimizing the adverse effects of cooling water intakes from power plants. This new interpretation of the statute allows for cost to influence the choice of "best technology available" lowering the standard reduction of "adverse environmental impact."
Statute and regulations.
Clean Water Act 33 U.S.C. 1326(b) section 316. 
This section of the Clean Water Act requires permits from the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) for facilities with cooling water intake structures ensure that the location, design, construction, and capacity of the structures reflect the best technology available to minimize detrimental impacts to the environment. Facility water cooling intakes remove billions of aquatic organisms each year from United States waterways. Most impacts are in early life stages of fish, crustaceans, and other aquatic life.
Prior case.
The case preceding this Supreme Court case was decided in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. This court heard "Riverkeeper, Inc. v. EPA", in 2006 and decided the case in 2007. Then-Circuit Judge Sotomayor wrote the opinion for the court. In this decision the court stated that in order to meet the statute facilities could not use restoration enhancements (restocking fish, restoring habitat, etc.) to meet the National Performance Standard (NPS). Additionally, the court remanded the case to the EPA for clarification of EPA rules regarding NPS determination by CBA and the use of a variance for facilities claiming excessive costs to implement mandated technology. And most importantly to this case, the court decided that a CBA is not consistent with the requirement or using the best technology available for minimizing adverse environmental impact. The statutory language requires the EPA's selection of BAT be driven by technology. Cost can only be used to determine if remediation can be reasonably borne by the industry and determining the specific technology that meets the standards at the lowest cost. Thus suspending this aspect of Phase II as stated above.
This case.
Petitioner's existing power plants have cooling water intake structures that threaten freshwater aquatic life by compression against intake screens (impingement) or suctioning organisms into the cooling system (entrainment). They challenge the Second Circuit Court of Appeals decision in "Riverkeeper v EPA" 2007 (see prior case above) that CBA cannot be used in interpretation of the Clean Water Act statute to determine NPS and BAT for existing power plants
Respondents support the Second Circuit's finding that the EPA's decision of site-specific cost–benefit variance provision and the use of CBA to determine NPS and BAT for existing facilities is not within the statute and remand the regulations to the agency for clarification.
Adverse environmental impact.
The process of pulling water into a facility from a natural body of water for use in industrial cooling can have a significant effect on living organisms in that body of water. Estimates for 2004 show that in just one day industry can pull as much as of water into facilities for cooling purposes. The pressure and flow of this large volume of water can impinge large organisms like fish against intake points or entrain small organisms like plankton, eggs and larvae into the cooling system killing or injuring them. A single power plant can impinge a million adult fish in just three weeks. One plant can entrain some 3 - 4 billion smaller fish and shellfish in a year. This can have a destabilizing effect on local ecosystems. Nationwide, "the impingement and entrainment reduction benefits range from $73 million to $83 million per year. These benefits are primarily from improvements to commercial and recreational fishing." There are likely other benefits externalized in this equation such as higher functioning ecosystems, intrinsic value of non-fisheries species to name two. In light of these findings, when congress amended the Clean Water Act in 1972, it directed the EPA to regulate these systems so as to "minimize adverse environmental impact". Currently there are 1260 existing facilities in the US that draw at least a day. It is estimated that 590 are manufacturing facilities and 670 are power plants.
EPA rule making.
Three Phases (rules) have been created over the years by the EPA in response from industry, environmental groups and judicial review to clarify exactly what is needed to meet the statute. Promulgated 1326(b) regulations making the best technology available determination on a case-by-case basis for both Phase I and Phase II facilities. 
The National Performance Standard (NPS), set by the EPA for new facilities is closed-cycle cooling systems, which can reduce impingement and entrainment by up to 98%. For existing facilities NPS in Phase II is "to reduce impingement mortality for all life stages of fish and shellfish by 80 to 95 percent from the calculation baseline; a subset of facilities must also reduce entrainment of such aquatic organisms by 60 to 90 percent from the calculation baseline." 
In Phase II the EPA declined to specifically mandate closed-cycle cooling systems as BAT for existing facilities due to the compliant cost, which could be nine times the amount of other methods of reduction approaching the same standard. A cost–benefit analysis is incorporated to determine the standard. Existing facilities have alternatives to meet these reduction standards including existing technologies, additional fish protection technologies, and restoration measures. Phase II rules outline these alternatives and also permit site-specific variances from the NPS and if the permitting agency imposes restrictions that render results "as close to practical to the applicable performance standards", using "Best Professional Judgement".
Phase II update: In 2007 "EPA suspended the Cooling Water Intake Structure Regulations for existing large power plants as an unreasonable interpretation of the statute. This suspension was in response to the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals decision in "Riverkeeper, Inc., v. EPA". (2007)" (see below for details). In 2011 the Supreme Court ruling stated that Phase II was a reasonable interpretation of the statute reversing the lower court ruling allowing the use of Phase II.
Main issue - Best Available Technology - BAT.
The main issue for the court was to decide is if the Clean Water Act statute language is unambiguous or not and whether the EPA interpretations (rules - see below) were reasonable. At the heart of the issue is if the EPA is authorized to consider CBA in determining BAT when meeting the NPS to "minimize adverse environmental impact."
The EPA does not dictate what type of system existing facilities need to use, but determines the standard that must be met. As guidance they use the terminology "Best Available Technology" which is defined here as "Any standard ... applicable to a point source shall require that the location, design, construction, and capacity of cooling water intake structures reflect the best technology available for minimizing adverse environmental impact." Existing power plants of this type need to use an appropriate system that is the BAT that meets the standard of reduction. The EPA works with each facility to ensure compliance on a site by site basis and can issue variance under specific circumstances. The definition for BAT in the Clean Water Act does not include a CBA as part of the criteria for choosing this technology as it does in definitions of other types of technology for meeting different environmental health standards.
Decision.
The judgment of the court of appeals is reversed and remanded.
Justice Scalia delivers the opinion of the court.
In a five justice majority opinion written by Justice Scalia, the Court overturns the Second Circuit's ruling and found that Congress did not speak directly to whether or not cost–benefit analysis could be used in environmental standards under the "best technology available" verbiage. And found that the EPA's interpretation of the regulations to be reasonable. Four different CWA tests were mentioned in the opinion, however two received greater attention. One called for the use of "best available technology economically achievable" (BATEA) and the other test required the "best available demonstrated control technology" (BADT). The BATEA test was intended to allow progress toward the goal of eliminating the discharge of all pollutants. While the BADT test was applicable to new point sources and was aimed to advance the strategy of "where practicable", a standard allowing no pollutant discharges. The Court differentiated the BAT test from other tests on the basis of distinguishable language and interpreted the ambiguity to allow the agency greater discretion in determining the content of the test. See Note 2
In "Whitman v. American Trucking Associations, Inc." the Court ruled that Congress was "unambiguously barred cost considerations" in setting air quality standards under section 109 of the Clean Air Act (CAA). The statute was silent on the issue because it had expressly allowed for the consideration of costs in other provisions of the act. However, concerning the CWA in regards to Entergy, the Court determined that statutory silence was not intended to limit the agency's discretion in consideration of a cost–benefit analysis when determining compliance with national environmental standards. 
After determining that the statutes did not specifically address the "best technology available" language contained in the Clean Water Act, the second test was to determine if the agency's interpretation of the regulation was reasonable. This was in reference to the U.S. Supreme Courts decision in "Chevron U.S.A., Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc." otherwise known as "Chevron deference". This case granted deference to the administrative agency's interpretation of its own regulations if the congressional intent was unclear. Although the court did not address the quality of the agency's interpretation in Entergy, it did find EPA to be reasonable in its interpretation. 
Justice Breyer concurring in part and dissenting in part.
Although Justice Breyer agrees with the Court concerning the use of a cost–benefit analysis in determining environmental standards for water-intake systems, he also admonished the EPA for changing its stance on granting variances. Justice Breyer would have remanded the case to allow the EPA to explain the reasoning behind the change. In siding with the majority in Entergy, Justice Breyer acknowledges that Congress had a reason to limit the weight of cost–benefit analysis for the following reasons. It may delay regulatory process, undervalue the true cost benefit of environmental externalities, and may reduce market incentives to developing advanced treatment technologies. However, on the other hand, forbidding CBA may lead to "irrational results" and since every "real choice" requires a comparison, an absolute prohibition would be difficult to enforce. 
Justice Stevens, with whom Justice Souter and Justice Ginsburg join, dissenting.
Justice Stevens believed that Section 316(b) of the CWA prohibited the use of cost -benefit analysis based on the language and stated that Congress' intent was to play a temporal role for existing power plants until a more ambitious standard could be set. And declared that if a cost–benefit analysis were to be done, monetize all aquatic life not just the 1.8 percent believed to have commercial or recreational value. EPA's estimate of aquatic life value was $83 million for less than 2% of aquatic life as opposed to a measured $735 million for all aquatic life.
Held: The EPA permissibly relied on cost–benefit analysis in setting the national performance standards in providing for cost–benefit variances from those standards as part of the Phase II regulations. EPA's perspective is that 1326(b)'s "best technology available for minimizing adverse environmental impact" standard permits consideration of the technology costs and the relationship between the added cost and the related environmental benefit. EPA needs to demonstrate that it has a "reasonable" interpretation of the statute, not necessarily the only possible interpretation or even the interpretation deemed best by the courts.

</doc>
<doc id="31223986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31223986" title="Pablo Monsalvo">
Pablo Monsalvo

Pablo Monsalvo (born January 17, 1983 in Roque Pérez, Argentina) is a footballer currently playing for Almirante Brown of the Second División in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="31224019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224019" title="Tatalina LRRS Airport">
Tatalina LRRS Airport

Tatalina LRRS Airport is a military airstrip located seven nautical miles (8.1 miles; 13 km) south of Takotna, in the Yukon–Koyukuk Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. The airstrip is also located west-southwest of McGrath, Alaska. It is not open for public use.
Overview.
Tatalina Airport is a United States Air Force military airstrip. Its mission is to provide access to the Tatalina Long Range Radar Site for servicing and other requirements.
The airstrip was constructed as part of the construction of the Tatalina Air Force Station. During the station's operational use as a manned radar station, it provided transportation for station personnel and for supplies and equipment to be airlifted to the station. With the manned radar station's closure in 1983, the airstrip now provides access to the unattended site for maintenance personnel and other requirements.
It is not staffed by any support personnel, and is not open to the public. During the winter months, it may be inaccessible due to the extreme weather conditions at the location.
Facilities and aircraft.
Tatalina LRRS Airport has one runway designated 16/34 with a gravel surface measuring 3,800 by 150 feet (1,158 x 46 m). For the 12-month period ending July 17, 1978, the airport had 1,650 aircraft operations, an average of 137 per month: 91% air taxi and 9% general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="31224033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224033" title="Ilka Bessin">
Ilka Bessin

Ilka Bessin (born 18 November 1971, Luckenwalde, Germany) is a German comedian and actress, best known for her role as "Cindy aus Marzahn" (German for: "Cindy from Marzahn").
Early life.
After finishing school, Bessin studied culinary arts and later trained to be a hotel manager. She worked as a chef until the Berlin Wall fell in 1989, and Germany was reunified. Shortly after that, she was a bartender in a disco and later the chief clerk. In 1999, she changed careers and became an entertainment director and comedy performer on a cruise liner. It was there that she invented her most famous character "Cindy aus Marzahn". Marzahn is a blue collar section of East Berlin.
Career start.
In 2004, she won the final season of the ProSieben network's Quatsch Comedy Club stand-up show. With this win, her career as a comedian and actress began. In 2009, she was set in the role of the landlady Ilka in the Sat.1 comedy show Schillerstraße. In January 2010, she started her own comedy show, named "Cindy aus Marzahn und die jungen Wilden (Cindy from Marzahn and the Young Wild Ones)". In spring 2011, the third season started "Nicht jeder Prinz kommt uff'm Pferd!" "(Not Every Prince Comes on Horseback)". Followed by the Pink is Bjutiful 2013.
Cindy aus Marzahn.
Cindy aus Marzahn is a fictional character from the Berlin working class area Marzahn. Her character of a frumpy, sarcastic "Ossie" woman has endeared her to millions of Germans, Swiss and Austrians, and she is one of the most famous and highly paid female entertainers and comedians in those lands. Her humorous observations about everyday life can be compared to Roseanne Barr of the USA, with more sweetness added. Cindy is most famous for her flaming pink velour track suit, and curly blond hair, with over-the-top makeup. Cindy's television comedy specials, usually taped in Halle (Saale), Germany, consistently attract strong audiences, and top guest stars and comedians from Germany comedy. Since the retirement of Thomas Gottschalk and Michelle Hunziker as presenters of the very famous German TV show "Wetten, dass..?", she now assists new presenter Markus Lanz as a co-host.
Though very private about her personal life, reports are she has a daughter, and is single.

</doc>
<doc id="31224053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224053" title="Nexus Prime">
Nexus Prime

Nexus Prime may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31224075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224075" title="2008 NAIA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament">
2008 NAIA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament

The 2008 NAIA Division II Men’s Basketball National Championship was held in March at Keeter Gymnasium in Point Lookout, Missouri. The 17th annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format.

</doc>
<doc id="31224085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224085" title="Pentakis snub dodecahedron">
Pentakis snub dodecahedron

The pentakis snub dodecahedron is a convex polyhedron with 140 triangular faces, 210 edges, and 72 vertices. Like the snub dodecahedron, it has chiral icosahedral symmetry.
Its name comes from a topological construction from the snub dodecahedron with the kis operator applied to the pentagonal faces. In this construction, all the vertices are computed to be the same distance from the center. The 80 of the triangles are equilateral, and 60 triangles from the pentagons are isosceles.

</doc>
<doc id="31224086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224086" title="TULIP Cooperative Credit Union">
TULIP Cooperative Credit Union

TULIP Cooperative Credit Union is a cooperative financial institute located in Olympia, Washington serving the residents of Thurston County, Washington. It is a U.S. Treasury Department certified CDFI, demonstrating its commitment to community development especially to those of low-income. Members of TULIP must meet one of two requirements. TULIP members must either be low-income residents of Thurston County or partners in the Olympia Food Coop.
According to its website TULIP began in April 1997 as a small group of local volunteers exploring ways to promote economic opportunities for low-income residents of Thurston County. The group was initially called the Thurston Union of Low-Income People and used a system of microcredit that gave all people, regardless of income, access to capital. In 1998, the credit union group adopted the name TULIP (Thurston Union of Low-Income People) and began its goal of starting a new state-chartered financial institution. In 2003 TULIP was officially formed with more than $1 million in nonmember deposits from credit unions, federations and a dozen other institutions.
As of September 31, 2004 TULIP had 428 members, with more joining daily. This increase in size and revenue is largely due to its recent adverting campaign that aired in the Fall of 2010. The campaign was designed and produced by Boom Creative out of Spokane, WA and consisted of television commercials and newspaper advertisements themed around the phrase "I make a difference."
Services.
TULIP Cooperative Credit Union provides a smart and financially safe lending alternative to its low-income members. Rather than have its members fall victim to predatory lending, TULIP makes its loans available to all members at a cost much lower than they would otherwise pay.
TULIP offers personal loans of up to $2000.00, and automobile loans of up to $25,000. They also offer counseling advice about the lending process, and work with community members to improve their credit and to try to get loans that best fit individual needs.
TULIP also offers home banking loans.
Location.
TULIP Cooperative Credit Union has only one active branch at the moment and is located at:
311 Pacific Avenue 
Olympia, WA 98501
United States
Hours of Operation.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday: 11:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Tuesday and Thursday: 11:00 AM – 2:00 PM

</doc>
<doc id="31224097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224097" title="George Molinaro">
George Molinaro

George Molinaro (October 1, 1902 – September 29, 1978) was an American Democratic politician from Wisconsin.
Born in Kenosha, Wisconsin, Molinaro went to business school and worked in an automotive plant and later was president of a bank. From 1939 until 1946, he served on the Kenosha County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors. From 1947 until 1977, Molinaro served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and was the speaker of the assembly in the 1959 legislative session.

</doc>
<doc id="31224098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224098" title="Zack O'Malley Greenburg">
Zack O'Malley Greenburg

Zack O'Malley Greenburg (born March 8, 1985, New York City) is an American writer, journalist and former child-actor. He is a staff writer at "Forbes Magazine", where he covers business, music and sports, and authors a popular blog called "The Beat Report". Most recently, he wrote a biography of Jay-Z, entitled "Empire State of Mind: How Jay-Z Went From Street Corner to Corner Office".
Professional life.
Greenburg's first writing job was reviewing video games at "Boys' Life Magazine" at the age of 14. While at Yale, he wrote extensively for the "Yale Daily News" as a varsity baseball beat reporter, sports columnist and scene (arts and living) writer. A feature he authored on a varsity outfielder who had returned to the field after nearly dying in a car crash won him a prestigious award his senior year.
He has written more than 200 articles for "Forbes", "Forbes Asia" and Forbes.com. His reporting has mostly focused on business, travel, music, and finance. He has interviewed many influential figures, including: Bruno Mars, Diddy, 50 Cent, Akon, Russell Simmons, Steve Wozniak, Afrika Bambaataa, Natasha Bedingfield, Swizz Beatz, Paul Volcker, Lil Jon, DMX, Dr. Ruth and Mr. T.
He has also written for "The Washington Post" "Dan's Papers", "The Huffington Post", "Yale Daily News", AOL Daily Finance, and other news outlets. He has also served as an expert source for CNBC, BBC, Bloomberg, Reuters, NPR and other print, web, radio and video outlets.
Personal life.
Both of Greenburg's parents are authors: his father, Dan Greenburg, may be best known for the series "The Zack Files" (named after his son), and his mother, Suzanne O'Malley, is a former writer for "Law & Order", and author of a book on Andrea Yates. A former child actor, he played the title role in the film "Lorenzo's Oil", alongside Nick Nolte and Susan Sarandon. He moved from New York to Hastings-on-Hudson, New York and graduated from Hastings High School in 2003. Greenburg graduated from Yale College with a degree in American Studies and a concentration in Urban Studies, and started writing for "Forbes Magazine" in 2005.
Empire State of Mind.
"Empire State of Mind: How Jay-Z Went From Street Corner to Corner Office" was released on March 17, 2011. The book, published by Penguin Portfolio, tells the story of Jay-Z’s business successes, through extensive interviews with classmates, former business partners, and industry insiders. Notable sources include hip-hop luminaries such as DJ Clark Kent, Questlove of The Roots, Damon Dash, Fred “Fab 5 Freddy” Brathwaite, MC Serch; NBA stars Jamal Crawford and Sebastian Telfair; and recording industry executives including Craig Kallman, CEO of Atlantic Records. Greenburg reveals new information on Jay-Z’s various business dealings, including:
Michael Jackson, Inc..
"Michael Jackson, Inc.: The Rise, Fall, and Rebirth of a Billion-Dollar Empire" will be released on June 3, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31224105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224105" title="John Papsidera">
John Papsidera

John Papsidera is a casting director based in Los Angeles, California, known for his work in film and television. Papsidera has worked with some of the most successful directors in the world such as Steven Spielberg, Ridley Scott, and Christopher Nolan. 
He has been nominated for twelve Artios Awards, and has won four in addition to his four Emmy nominations. His casting credits have included " The Dark Knight", " Enchanted (film)", and " Prison Break." and is currently working with actress Shante James in The up coming film Transcendence.
He works at Automatic Sweat with casting director colleague, Jennifer Cram.
Awards and nominations.
Artios awards:
Emmy Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="31224109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224109" title="Laughlin Constable">
Laughlin Constable

Laughlin Constable is a full-service brand marketing communications agency. It is a mid-size, independent agency with offices in Chicago, Milwaukee and New York City.
The agency is known for its “Full Circle Branding” approach to marketing. This discipline encourages collaboration across the full range of media options to utilize a strategic combination of new and traditional media solutions, including digital and mobile.
History.
The agency was founded in 1976 in Milwaukee, and it entered the Chicago market in 1998 and New York in 2009. Originally founded as Frankenberry, Laughlin, Bernstein & Constable, changes in partnership led the agency to the name Laughlin Constable in 1992. 
Laughlin Constable began as an advertising and media boutique, and it added public relations services in 1978. The agency saw explosive growth over the following decades, being named one of the nation’s fastest-growing agencies by Adweek in 1993. Interactive and brand planning services were added to the agency in 1995.
Notable Work.
In mid-2012, Laughlin Constable launched the provocative No One Deserves to Die viral advertising campaign for the Lung Cancer Alliance. The goal of the campaign was to challenge the stigma associated with lung cancer: that people who have it, deserve it. The campaign proved extremely polarizing, sparking coverage in countless major news outlets across the country, including Time, Salon, Perez Hilton and Adweek. Media was placed in 31 markets across the country, from telephone booths and bus shelters to cinema spots and online ads.
In Winter 2011–2012, Laughlin Constable created a television spot for the Wisconsin Department of Tourism with acclaimed comedy director David Zucker, known for his work on "Airplane!". The commercial was filmed at the historic Riverside Theater and featured the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra. Milwaukee-based Marcus Theatres also donated time to air a longer director’s cut of the spot. 
For Associated Bank, Laughlin Constable created a series of comedic television spots starring Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers. The integrated program promoted Associated Bank’s Packers checking account. 
Laughlin Constable created a station domination campaign for Cottonelle that ran in New York City, Chicago, Atlanta and San Francisco. This was followed by a two-year campaign for Kleenex Anti-Viral tissue using only online media, including YouTube viral videos. 
The agency worked with the Harley–Davidson Motorcycle Company over several years, helping to launch both the Buell sportbike brand and the Harley–Davidson Museum, as well as marketing Harley–Davidson Motorclothes.
Laughlin Constable was also responsible for the launch of Miller Sharps non-alcoholic beer, cited as the “best in category” campaign two years in a row by "Adweek" magazine.
Clients.
Over the years, Laughlin Constable has worked for a broad cross-section of consumer and B2B brands. 
Currently the agency is doing work for Associated Bank, Aurora Health Care, Bon-Ton Stores (Bergner’s, Boston Store, Carson Pirie Scott, Elder-Beerman, Herberger’s, Parisian and Younkers), Bridgestone Retail Operations (ExpertTire, Firestone Complete Auto Care and Tires Plus), GE Healthcare, Lung Cancer Alliance, Navistar International (MaxxForce and Pure Power Technology engines), Master Lock, Medela, MillerCoors, Sterling National Bank (NY) and the Wisconsin Department of Tourism, among others. 
Historically, Laughlin Constable has worked with a number of notable brands. Among them are Alka-Seltzer Plus, Buell motorcycles, Claussen pickles, Cottonelle, Harley–Davidson, Hillshire Farm, Kleenex Anti-Viral, OshKosh B'Gosh and Sargento cheese.
The agency supports the American Red Cross and the Boys & Girls Clubs of America with pro bono services.
Growth and Acquisition.
In 1998, Laughlin Constable purchased N.W. Ayer and opened an office in Chicago. In 2005, it acquired the Chicago PR agency Grant/Jacoby. Then, in 2007, the agency acquired GreenHouse, a Chicago-based boutique agency. Soon after, the agency acquired Kohnke Hanneken, an agency that was profiled in Communication Arts. In 2008, Laughlin Constable developed a strategic alliance with Mobium, a Chicago business-to-business agency that received much recognition, including Top Agency of 2006 by Crain Communications’ BtoB Magazine. Then, in 2009, the agency’s New York office was opened through the integration of Partners & Jeary. In 2012, Laughlin Constable acquired the Milwaukee-based interactive marketing agency Fullhouse, as well as Milwaukee PR firm Zeppos & Associates. Laughlin Constable also expanded in March of 2013 by acquiring New York and New Jersey agency, Filter Advertising.
Workplace.
Laughlin Constable has offices in three cities, but the agency functions as a single entity. Clients are served by agency teams that span locations; technology-enabled communication bridges the physical distance between the offices. 
The agency has been a member of the American Association of Advertising Agencies (4A’s) since 1978, and Laughlin Constable staff members sit on several 4A’s committees, including Digital Production, Agency Finance, Human Resource Management, New Business and Project Management. 
The Chicago office is located on Michigan Avenue, across the street from the Art Institute of Chicago and Millennium Park. The workplace was designed by award-winning Gary Lee Partners and was published in "Interior Design" magazine’s "Best in Office Design" book, featuring the most creative and inspiring workplaces in the nation. The space is wide-open, divided into courtyards of workstations and lounges. The office has been lauded for its tattoo-inspired floor, which depicts undersea motifs.
The Milwaukee office has long found its home in the historic Mitchell Building in downtown Milwaukee, where the agency occupies five floors and the penthouse. The structure, built in the French Second Empire Style, was designed by eminent Milwaukee architect Edward Townsend Mix and built in 1876. In 1973, the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Only traces of the original interiors remain, but the exterior has been thoroughly preserved. The building, including the agency’s space, was featured by Historic Milwaukee in 2011 in the inaugural Doors Open Milwaukee program, which offered behind-the-scenes tours of many of Milwaukee’s hidden treasures. 
The New York office sits in quaint building in the Financial District of New York City, close to the South Ferry terminals and a coastal view of the Statue of Liberty. 
Laughlin Constable has won many workplace awards over the years. Laughlin Constable appeared on "Ad Age"’s Best Places to Work list in 2012. The agency received the Alfred P. Sloan Award for Business Excellence in Workplace Flexibility in both Chicago and Milwaukee, and it has been named one of the Top 100 Workplaces by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel for several years. The agency also received the "The Business Journal"’s Top Milwaukee Workplace Award, the MetroParent Family Friendly Workplace Award and the Beyond the Paycheck Award, winning each several times. These awards give recognition to companies that provide employees with flexible work opportunities in order to maintain a healthy work life balance and business success.

</doc>
<doc id="31224111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224111" title="Remontancy">
Remontancy

Remontancy is the ability of a plant to flower more than once during the course of a growing season or year. It is a term applied most specifically to roses, and roses possessing this ability are called "repeat flowering" or remontant. The term originated in the nineteenth century from the French verb "remonter" or 'coming up again'. Roses which lack this ability are termed "summer flowering", "once flowering" or non-remontant. Few wild rose species possess remontancy; notable exceptions being "Rosa chinensis", "Rosa rugosa" and "Rosa fedtschenkoana".
As remontancy is considered a desirable horticultural characteristic, it is preferentially selected for by rose hybridisers. Remontant roses descended from "Rosa chinensis" have been grown in China for at least a thousand years, but the first garden roses in Europe to possess remontancy were the "autumn damasks", which first appeared in the seventeenth century with the introduction of the cultivar “Quatre Saisons”. Recent DNA research has shown that these damask roses resulted from crosses involving "Rosa gallica", "Rosa moschata" and the remontant central Asian species "Rosa fedtschenkoana". When forms of "Rosa chinensis" were introduced into Europe in the eighteenth century, subsequent hybridisation between these and the European roses eventually led to the wide variety of remontant garden hybrids which are available today.

</doc>
<doc id="31224119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224119" title="Sir Richard Temple, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Richard Temple, 3rd Baronet

Sir Richard Temple, 3rd Baronet (28 March 1634 – 8 May 1697) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1697.
Life.
Temple was the son of Sir Peter Temple, 2nd Baronet of Stowe and his second wife Christian Leveson, daughter of Sir John Leveson. He was admitted at Gray's Inn on 6 November 1648 and at Emmanuel College, Cambridge on 23 December 1648. He inherited the baronetcy on the death of his father in September 1653. 
In 1654, Temple was elected Member of Parliament for Warwickshire in the First Protectorate Parliament and in 1659, he was elected MP for Buckingham in the Third Protectorate Parliament.
Temple was elected MP again for Buckingham in 1660 for the Convention Parliament. He was made Knight of the Bath on18 April 1661. He was re-elected in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1679. He was a member of the Council for foreign plantations in 1671 and commissioner of customs from 1672 to 1694. He took a leading part against the Popish Plot, and for excluding James, Duke of York from the crown. In the February 1679 election there was a double return and Sir Peter Tyrell was declared elected. However Temple regained the seat in August 1679 and held it until his death in 1697. In 1676 Temple commissioned a new house at Stowe which forms the core of the present building.
Temple died at the age of 63.
Family.
Temple married Mary Knapp, daughter of Thomas Knapp of Woodcote, South Stoke, Oxfordshire on 25 August 1675. His son Richard Temple, 1st Viscount Cobham inherited the baronetcy and was raised to the peerage as Viscount Cobham. His eldest daughter Maria married Richard West.

</doc>
<doc id="31224138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224138" title="US Regular Issues of 1922–31">
US Regular Issues of 1922–31

The Regular Issues of 1922-1931 were a series of 27 U.S. postage stamps issued for general everyday use by the U.S. Post office. Unlike the definitives previously in use, which presented only a Washington or Franklin image, each of these definitive stamps depicted a different president or other subject, with Washington and Franklin each confined to a single denomination. Continuing the tradition of honoring Presidents on U.S. Postage, this issue also included other notable Americans, such as Martha Washington and Nathan Hale—and, moreover, was the first definitive series since 1869 to offer iconic American pictorial images: these included the Statue of Liberty, the Capitol Building and others. The first time (1869) that images other than portraits of statesmen had been featured on U.S. postage, the general public disapproved, complaining that the scenes were no substitute for images of presidents and Franklin. However with the release of these 1922 regular issues, the various scenes—which included the Statue of Liberty, the Lincoln Memorial and even an engraving of an American Buffalo—prompted no objections. To be sure, this series (unlike the 1869 issues) presented pictorial images only on the higher-value stamps; the more commonly used denominations, of 12 cents and lower, still offered the traditional portraits. 
This series of postage stamps was the fourth to be printed by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, in Washington D.C.. Postal history "firsts" in these "Regular issues" included the first stamp to pay tribute to the Statue of Liberty and the first postage stamps to honor Warren G. Harding, Rutherford B. Hayes and Theodore Roosevelt, among others.
Upon release these "Regular Issues" were initially printed on the "flat-plate" printing press, into which sheets were inserted one at a time, but shortly thereafter they were produced with the "Stickney Rotary press" which printed images with slightly less quality and clarity but which allowed for the dramatic increases in production rates, as printing paper was fed into the press from continuous rolls of paper. The "Regular Issues" were released over a nine-year period and can be found with three sizes, or gauges, of perforations which are used in the identification of the particular series for which a given stamp belongs.
Subject and design.
The definitive postage stamps of 1922, also known by collectors as "the Fourth Bureau Issue", were issued in denominations ranging from ½-cent to 5-dollars with a corresponding subject and color for each. This would be the second issuance of definitive stamps released by the U.S. Post Office where the name of the subject was spelled out in print, unlike the Washington-Franklins previously issued where the respective subjects were presented in image form only. All the 1922-31 denominations between 1-cent and 15-cents were printed in colors identical—or nearly identical—to the colors used for their counterparts in the preceding Washington-Franklin series (new colors, of course, had to be chosen for the 1½-cent and 14-cent values, which had not previously been offered). Of the higher-denomination stamps, however, only the 50-cent value retained its Washington-Franklin color (the $2 stamp employed the same blue used for pre-Washington-Franklin $2 designs between 1894 and 1918).
The first stamp of the "Regular Issues" series was issued on October 4, 1922, the 11-cent Rutherford B. Hayes stamp, which also marked the hundredth anniversary of Hayes's birth. The issue was first released in Hayes' hometown of Fremont, Ohio, and in Washington D.C. Thus began the practice of issuing a new stamp on a specific day and in a particular city. The Hayes stamp is regarded by many collectors as the beginning of modern First Day Cover collecting. Benjamin Franklin and George Washington were traditionally depicted on the most commonly used stamps, the 1 and 2 cent issues, typically used for post cards and 1st class letters. One distinctive design feature of this series is that the stamps valued at 17 cents and higher appear in landscape format, distinguishing them from the less expensive stamps (15 cents and lower), which conform to normal portrait-orientation. Here, the Post Office amplified an idea introduced in the previous Washington-Franklin issues, where landscape format had been used for the $2 and $5 stamps. In the 1922-1931 issues, the corner ornamentation designed for the landscape issues is larger and more elaborate than—yet still aesthetically consonant with—the ornament employed on the lower values.
The "Regular Issues" were issued in three basic forms, consisting of sheet-stamps, coil-stamps (long strips of single stamps rolled into a 'coil') and booklet stamps (i.e.six stamps to a leaflet). There were three printings, or series, of stamps released on succeeding dates, the average series being released over the course of approximately two years. The 26 different subject themes employed for this issue were used to print more than 75 distinct postage stamp issues in three separate series over a ten-year period.
Stamp charts.
Each of the three previous definitive issues offered by the U.S. Post Office had had at least one printing on watermarked paper. This series would be the first since 1895 issued by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing without watermarks ('impressions' in the paper). Each of the three different series of the "Regular Issues" is differently perforated, the first being "perforated 11" on all sides (i. e., eleven holes in a two-centimeter span), the second perforated 10 on all sides and the last perforated 11 horizontally by 10½ vertically. Other distinguishing characteristics involve the actual printings: i.e., the first series was printed on the "flat-plate" printing press which distinguishes it from the other two series, as these were printed on the "rotary press" which incorporated two identical printing plates that were bent and affixed around a rotating printing cylinder. The bending of the plate produced a stamp image with slightly longer dimensions than those the flat-plate press produced. The framework designs varied depending on denomination but overall were uniform differing only in color, denomination and ornament type, while the central images depicted a variety of subjects which included presidential figures and other landmark scenes such as those of Niagara Falls, the Statue of Liberty and several other scenes.
The 1, 2 and 5 dollar denominations were printed only once, early in 1923, with the "Flat-Plate" printing press, unlike most of the others which were later reprinted with the "Rotary Press" also.
Untimely appearance of Harding.
With the sudden death of Warren G. Harding on August 2, 1923, the U.S. Post Office was quick to release a memorial stamp in his honor only one month later, a record. By and large, it incorporated the same design as the "Regular Issues" of this time, the only differences being 1) that the dates of Harding's birth and death were inscribed in the upper two corners of the stamp, 2) that no hatch-lines appear in the rectangular frame and 3) that the corner circles are a solid color. "Clair Aubrey Houston" designed this issue in one day using a modified version of the existing frame to surround an image taken from a copperplate etching of the late Harding. The issue was first released on September 1, in Harding’s hometown of Marion, Ohio, and in the District of Columbia. Four varieties were ultimately issued: a flat plate printed perforated 11 and a rotary plate perforated 10, an error imperforate that was then officially reproduced, and a very rare version, the rotary perforated 11 (discussed below in "Oddities of the issue"). The black colored memorial stamp itself is not considered a "Regular Issue" by collectors, however its basic design and theme was used in the three separate printings of the 1½-cent stamp that was added to the regular Issue a year and a half after the memorial issue.
It was in March 1925 that the Post Office added the 1½-cent Harding stamp to the current "Regular Issues". Printed in brown, it uses the same profile that had appeared in the memorial stamp. The ornaments in the upper two corners of the design are found on no other stamp of the 1922-25 Issues, and the rectangular frame and corner circles remain unfilled.
In 1930 another regular issue was slated to honor Harding, but at the request of Harding's widow, Florence, a full faced image of Harding was engraved after a photo provided by the former First Lady. The corner ornaments, frame-hatching and corner circles are now identical to those on all other stamps in the series between ½-cent and 14-cents.
Coil stamps.
The coil stamps of the "Regular issues" have for themselves one distinguishing feature and were all issued with gauge 10 perforations, both in vertical and horizontal formats. These coil stamps were printed by the "rotary press" from continuous rolls of paper, hence the printed image is slightly longer in one direction than their "flat-plate" counterparts. Coil stamps were issued in a limited range of denominations which include 1, 1½, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 10 cents only, denominations of 11-cents and greater not existing in coil form. The 6-cent Garfield coil was the last stamp issued in this definitive series, produced in 1932 for use on double-weight letters after the first-class letter rate had been raised to 3 cents.
Kansas-Nebraska Overprints.
The "Kansas-Nebraska Overprints" were "Regular Issue" stamps with an added black colored overprint that read 'Kans.' or 'Nebr.' and were issued on May 1, 1929. The letters in the overprint resemble typewriter characters with serifs. Only the denominations of 1-cent to 10-cents were overprinted. The overprints were authorized and added to the 1926-27 printings to counter the rash of stamp thefts suffered by various mid-western rural Post offices. It is estimated that a one year supply of the "Regular Issues" received the overprinting. Officials believed that stamps overprinted with the abbreviated names of the individual states would be difficult to sell, or 'fence', in other states. The original plan was to produce overprints for all states, and Kansas and Nebraska were selected to initiate the experiment. As events turned out Kansas and Nebraska were the only states to receive this type of overprint. Every Post Office in Kansas and Nebraska received overprinted stamps except for those in Kansas City, Topeka, Wichita, Omaha, and Lincoln: in these larger cities, security at post offices was considered adequate; accordingly, the use of overprinted stamps was deemed necessary only in small, usually rural, post offices. Unfortunately, the rules for selling these overprints resulted in general confusion among both customers and postal clerks: consequently, the overprinted stamps remained in use for less than a year, being discontinued on March 29, 1930. Printed with the Rotary Press, the overprints were issued with perforation size, 11 x 10½. The overprints were added before the stamps received their adhesive gum on their backs. Fakes and forgeries exist for some of the more valuable overprint issues which are usually detected by noting the impression the forged letters leave in the adhesive gum on the reverse of the stamp, as any fraudulent overprinting is always applied after the stamp has received its gum and has been issued.
Oddities of the issue: coil waste and sheet waste stamps.
There are a few stamps of this series—all dating from 1923—with features that set them apart from the normal sheet stamps discussed and charted above, although at first glance they may seem identical to the standard products. Ranging from moderately to extremely rare, these are so-called “coil waste” and “sheet waste” issues. That is to say, they were produced from stamps left over after the long rotary-printed rolls of paper had been cut into normal sized coils or sheets (the roll ends being too small to be processed for coils or sheets with the standard equipment). Although these stamps closely resemble the standard flat-plate press sheet issues, their designs are somewhat longer or wider than normal because rotary printing stretches the image slightly.
Coil waste:
Sheet waste (made from vertical rotary printings intended for perforated 10 sheets):
These sheet waste stamps are both so rare that their existence was still undiscovered when Max Johl completed his exhaustive three-volume study "The United States Postage Stamps of the Twentieth Century" in 1937.
Duration of usage.
The "Regular Issues" were released over a ten-year period and—with the exception of one stamp—were the only definitives in general use until 1938 when the Post Office offered the Presidential Issue. The exception, released on June 15, 1932 in anticipation of the impending rate increase on standard letters from 2¢ to 3¢, scheduled for July 6th, was a 3¢ Washington regular issue stamp. Rather than designing this hurried production entirely from scratch, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing modified the 2¢ stamp from the Washington Bicentennial Issue which had been released at the beginning of the year, and already looked very like a definitive. The Bureau needed only to change the numerals, to remove the stamp's sole commemorative feature (the date ribbons surrounding the portrait) and to print the stamp in the purple ink traditionally used for the 3¢ denomination. The result was that a Washington definitive issue for the normal letter rate—an invariable feature of American postage since 1870—remained continuously available to the public. The 3¢ Lincoln stamp from the 1922 series still sold widely in 1932 but disappeared from post offices the following year, prompting such protests that the Bureau had to reprint it from new plates in early 1934. During the six years following the final release of the regular issue in 1932, a steady stream of 3¢ commemoratives appeared which helped to meet the basic postal needs of the country. The "Regular Issues" of 1922-1932 are among one of the longest running issues of definitive postage, for their duration of common usage—sixteen years—exceeded that of the Washington-Franklin issues of (1908-1922) and is surpassed only by the Presidential Issue, which appeared in 1938 and was only partially replaced in 1954, with several denominations remaining available for several years thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="31224142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224142" title="Meadow Brook Golf Club">
Meadow Brook Golf Club

The Meadow Brook Club is a private golf club in Jericho, New York, Long Island, New York, United States. 
From 1894 to 1954 it was part of a hunting club, which soon evolved into a major polo club. 
After the original grounds were expropriated for urban development, the club moved to its present location and became primarily a golf club.
The Meadowbrook Polo Club is now a separate entity.
Origins.
The club originated as the Meadow Brook Hunt Club, established in 1881 in Westbury, New York and home of the Meadow Brook Hounds.
The hunt club had its headquarters in Westbury, but convened in different rural parts of Nassau County where the hounds and horses could run free. Future President Theodore Roosevelt was a member of the hunt club, which met at his home in Oyster Bay in 1886. The members sometimes hunted foxes, but often drag hunted, where the hounds followed a trail of anise scent.
The Hunt Club gave birth to the Meadowbrook Polo Club, whose founders included the polo player and millionaire Thomas Hitchcock, Sr. (1862-1941).
Hitchcock was one of the founders of the Meadow Brook steeplechase races in 1883, and in 1889 became master of the Meadow Brook Hunt.
The club in Westbury had eight polo fields, and was the leading polo center in the United States.
During the first half of the 20th century the polo club was often the site for national or international polo championships.
First course.
A nine-hole golf course was built for the Meadow Brook Club in 1894.
It was located in Hempstead, New York.
In 1895 the first national women's golf tournament was held at Meadow Brook.
The winner was Lucy Barnes, wife of Charles S. Brown, with 132 strokes for the eighteen-hole match.
The club became an early member of the United States Golf Association.
On 31 March 1897 the Metropolitan Golf Association was formed at Delmonico's in New York City, at first called the Metropolitan League of Golf Clubs. 
Oliver W. Bird of Meadow Brook Golf Club was a member of the five-person formation committee.
In 1936 Sam Snead won two matches at the Meadow Brook Club, earning a $10,000 fee. 
This gave him the money he needed to start playing professionally full time.
Present course.
The original polo ground and golf course was requisitioned by New York City Park Commissioner Robert Moses for a parkway extension.
The Meadowbrook State Parkway extension of 1954 cut through the club property from north to south.
The polo club moved to Post Road in Old Westbury, New York, in 1954.
A new entity was formed, now called the Meadowbrook Polo Club, which continued to arrange polo matches on Long Island.
In the 1990s it hosted two U.S. Open Championships at Bethpage State Park.
A new site for a golf course in Jericho, New York was selected in October 1953 by Dick Wilson, the architect of the course.
Wilson drew up plans for the course in just six weeks.
Construction began in April 1954 by Troup Brothers of Miami, who undertook the heavy-duty earth movement. 
Irrigation and drainage pipes and tile beds were installed in the summer, and grass sown in the fall.
Seaside bent was used for the greens and a mix of Astoria bent and Chewings fescue for the fairways.
With the move to Jericho the Meadow Brook Club changed into a golf club.
The course was officially opened for play on 4 June 1955.
The course has championship tees up to in length.
It has been host to regional tournaments such as the Metropolitan PGA Championships, the Metropolitan Open and the Lightpath Long Island Classic.
Recently Tripp Davis renovated the course, placing more emphasis on interest than on challenge.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31224223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224223" title="New Jersey Turnpike Titans">
New Jersey Turnpike Titans

The New Jersey Turnpike Titans were an American semi-professional rugby league football team based in Jersey City, New Jersey. They competed in the USA Rugby League (USARL) in its inaugural 2011 season. They became inactive after the season.
History.
The team was established in 2011 as a charter member of the new USA Rugby League, which was formed by teams that had broken with the established American National Rugby League (AMNRL). Along with Oneida FC and the Rhode Island Rebellion, they are one of three new teams to be joining the league. The club was originally to be named the New Jersey Knights, but adopted its current name before the season.
New Jersey ended the 2011 season in seventh place. After the season they went inactive and were replaced in the USARL lineup by the Baltimore Blues.
Logo and colors.
The Titans play in a mostly light yellow and white jersey, with white shorts and socks. The jersey features a watermark image of a Spartan warrior wearing a helmet.
Stadium.
The New Jersey Turnpike Titans train at Lincoln Park, Jersey City, New Jersey. They play their home games at Cochran Stadium in Liberty State Park in Jersey City.

</doc>
<doc id="31224225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224225" title="National Land Fund">
National Land Fund

The National Land Fund of the United Kingdom was created in 1946 to secure culturally significant property for the nation as a memorial to the dead of World War II. Proposed by Chancellor of the Exchequer, Hugh Dalton, the Fund was confirmed in section 48 of the Finance Act 1946 with a sum of £50million. The Fund was never really utilised or developed in the manner that Dalton had envisaged. Nevertheless, despite this under-utilisation, substantial areas of land and numerous buildings were donated to various charities, of which a principle beneficiary was the National Trust. The value of the fund was reduced to £10 million in 1957.
The Fund was abolished in the National Heritage Act 1980, replaced by the National Heritage Memorial Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="31224296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224296" title="Liouville field theory">
Liouville field theory

In physics, Liouville field theory (or simply Liouville theory) is a two-dimensional quantum field theory whose classical equation of motion resembles the Joseph Liouville's non-linear second order differential equation that appears in the classical geometrical problem of uniformizing Riemann surfaces.
The field theory is defined by the local action
where formula_2 is the metric of the two-dimensional space on which the field theory is formulated, formula_3 is the Ricci scalar of such space, and formula_4 is a real coupling constant. The field formula_5 is consequently dubbed the Liouville field.
The equation of motion associated to this action is
where formula_7 is the D'Alembert operator in such space (see also Laplace–Beltrami operator). In the case the metric of the space being the Euclidean metric, and using standard notation, it becomes the classical Liouville equation
Liouville field theory is a conformal field theory that incarnates Weyl symmetry in a very special way. Its central charge formula_9 is given in terms of the parameter appearing in the action through the expression formula_10. Liouville theory appears in the context of string theory when trying to formulate a non-critical version of the theory in the path integral formulation. Also in the string theory context, if coupled to a free bosonic field Liouville field theory can be thought of as the theory describing string excitations in a two-dimensional space(time). 
Liouville field theory is one of the best understood examples of what is called a non-rational conformal field theory, for which some observables have been computed explicitly. Such is the case of two-point and three-point correlation functions of primary operators on the topology of the sphere. Explicit expressions for observables of the theory defined on other topologies, like the partition function on the torus and the one-point function on the disk, were also calculated in the recent years.
Liouville theory is also closely related to other problems in physics and mathematics, like two-dimensional quantum gravity, two-dimensional string theory, three-dimensional general relativity in negatively curved spaces, four-dimensional superconformal gauge theories, the uniformization problem of Riemann surfaces, and other problems in conformal mapping. It is also connected to other two-dimensional non-rational conformal field theories with affine symmetry, like the Wess–Zumino–Novikov–Witten theory for the group formula_11, and, besides, it can be regarded as a special case (namely the case formula_12) of the family of formula_13 Toda field theories. Liouville theory also admits supersymmetric extension.

</doc>
<doc id="31224338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224338" title="Masaaki Higashiguchi">
Masaaki Higashiguchi

Current he plays in Gamba Osaka.

</doc>
<doc id="31224346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224346" title="Rhode Island Rebellion">
Rhode Island Rebellion

The Rhode Island Rebellion are an American semi-professional rugby league football team based in Providence, Rhode Island. The Rebellion compete in the USA Rugby League (USARL), which they joined as a charter franchise in the 2011 season. They play their home games at Classical High School.
History.
The club was established in 2011 by Lawrence Almagno, Alex DeCiccio, and Anthony Nardolillo, as a charter member of the USA Rugby League. Together with Oneida FC and the New Jersey Turnpike Titans, they were one of three new teams to join the USARL, which was formed by clubs that had broken with the established American National Rugby League (AMNRL). The USARL had originally intended to establish a team in New York City, sponsored by the private investment fund, Kodiak Capital Group, LLC, and named Kodiak Rugby. Almagno, a Kodiak employee, was one of the planners charged with setting up the team, but the group was unable to find a suitable venue in New York. Thereafter Almagano just having moved back to Rhode Island contacted DeCiccio in order to determine if Rhode Island had a large enough player pool to form a new team. After the first team meeting, Nardolillio joined Almagno and DeCiccio to assist in the task of bringing the team to Providence, Rhode Island. The move gave the USARL four teams in New England.
Almagno, who had experience playing both rugby league and rugby union, got together with former teammates DeCiccio and Nardolillo to recruit players. Their first major signing was Australian former professional player Josh Price. After initial difficulty finding players, they were able to recruit a full roster in time for the inaugural 2011 USARL season. They achieved their first win of the season in game four against the New Jersey Turnpike Titans. During their inaugural season the Rebellion attracted around 300 fans a game and was able to cover its expenses.
Season summaries.
Youth Development and Community Involvement
In the Fall of 2011 Lawrence Almagno formed the American Youth Rugby League Association, and with the help of Anthony Nardolillo, John St. John, Eric Hall and Joshua Kent administered a middle school Rugby League development program and pseudo competition at Roger Williams & Esek Hopkins Middle School. Whilst formalities with the incorporation of the American Youth Rugby League Association (AYRLA) the program was technically run under the banner of the Rhode Island Rebellion Rugby League Team.
The program continued in the Spring of 2012 with the help of Mik Shammas of the Boston 13s and NAMOA as well as Philip Henry, John St. John, Anthony Nardolillo. Later on in the program David John French and Gareth Frodsham joined the staff as well. 
The Rebellion returned that July to run Rugby League summer programs as part of the Providence After School Alliance's summer camp's. 
In the Spring of 2013 the American Youth Rugby League Association has expanded its programming to include a third Providence Middle School allowing for a more proper Rugby League competition to take a hold in the Providence Middle Schools.
In February 2012, due to the assistance of Shayla Belenger and the Rhode Island Institute for the Study and Practice of Non-Violence. The Rhode Island Rebellion & AYRLA were able to start a Rugby League Program at the Rhode Island Training School, which serves as a Juvenile rehabilitation center for youth. (an alternative to sending youth offenders to prison). 
The Program ran from February through August. The program started off as flag and eventually progressed into a full contact program culminating with a mixed game with the Rhode Island Rebellion. All the residents were treated to an outdoor BBQ in which they were able to watch their peer's mix it up with the Rhode Island Rebellion.
In 2012, the Title sponsor of the Rebellion for 2011 and 2012 Ullucci Physical Therapy donated 10,000.00 to Classical High School per the request of the Rebellion in lieu of the money going to them for the 2012 season. Classical High School, where the Rebellion play their home games as well as their training ground, were short 10,000 dollars for installing stands at their home field, something the school has never had in its history. In Rhode Island, Providence the capital city has been experiencing extremely difficult financial times since the financial collapse in 2008, which has effected Providence High Schools, including Classical. The Rebellion as part of its mission has been to serve the community and the State of Rhode Island, saw the donation as a way to stay true to their mission of assisting the growth of its community as it grows.
The Rebellion in partnership with the Boston 13s & American Youth Rugby League Association are attempting to organize a few U23 teams in the area in order to form a competition that would include the Rhode Island Training School in the Spring of 2013.
The Inaugural Champions of the U23 Competition were the RI Training School (Team Black) Defeating the RIR U23 team. The RI Training School (Team Grey) won the plate beating the Boston 13s U23 team. 
In 2013 one of the participants of the U23 Program at the RI Training School, upon release, made the RI Rebellion Roster, being the first person in the USA to come through a youth development program and make a 1st Grade Team. 
In 2014 The American Youth Rugby League Association in Partnership with The RI Rebellion are Launching a High School Competition in Providence Rhode Island In Providence Public Schools. This was possible because of the popularity of the sport in Providence middle schools and those students moving on to high school with the desire to continue playing rugby league.

</doc>
<doc id="31224358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224358" title="Icebreaker discography">
Icebreaker discography

This is the discography of the UK ensemble Icebreaker.
Albums.
Official Bootleg (ICC, 1991, live album, cassette only)
Terminal Velocity (Argo, 1994)
Trance (Argo, 1996)
Rogue's Gallery (New Tone, 1997)
Diderik Wagenaar (Composers' Voice / Donemus, 2001)
Extraction (between the lines, 2001)
Trance (Cantaloupe Music, 2004)
Remix and re-master of Argo album (same track listing)
Cranial Pavement (Cantaloupe Music, 2005)
Terminal Velocity (Cantaloupe Music, 2005)
Re-master of Argo album (same track listing)
Music with Changing Parts (Orange Mountain Music, 2007)
Apollo (Cantaloupe Music, 2012)
Appearances on other albums.
Hook, Mesh, Stub, Cud (Argo, 1993)
Short Cuts – Breaking the sound Barrier – An Argo Sampler (Argo, 1994)
Includes excerpt from:
Also contains excerpts of music from other Argo albums by Graham Fitkin, Michael Nyman, David Byrne and others.
Century XXI UK A–M (New Tone, 1996)
Bang on a Can plays Louis Andriessen (Cantaloupe Records)
Members of Icebreaker in collaboration with Bang on a Can All-Stars:

</doc>
<doc id="31224365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224365" title="Donna Cuomo">
Donna Cuomo

Donna Fournier Cuomo (born March 19, 1947 in Lawrence, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 14th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1993–1999. She later served as the deputy director of the Department of Public Safety's programs division.
Cuomo was briefly a Republican candidate for Lieutenant Governor in 2002. She announced her candidacy on April 2, 2002 and dropped out of the race the next day.
Personal life.
Cuomo is the sister of Joseph Fournier, who was murdered by Willie Horton and two other men in 1974. She appeared in an anti-Michael Dukakis ad during the 1988 presidential election.
Cuomo escaped from the World Trade Center during the September 11 attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="31224391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224391" title="Oneida FC">
Oneida FC

Oneida FC (Oneida Football Club) were a football organization based in Cambridge, Massachusetts that fielded rugby league and soccer teams. The rugby league team played in the USA Rugby League (USARL) from 2011 to 2012 before withdrawing. They played their home games at Henry G. Steinbrenner '27 Stadium on the campus of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
History.
The Oneida FC rugby league club was established in 2011 as a charter member of the newly-announced USA Rugby League, which was formed by teams that had left the established American National Rugby League (AMNRL). The team was named in honor of the Oneida Football Club, the first ever organized football team in the United States, which operated from 1862–1865. Together with the New Jersey Turnpike Titans and the Rhode Island Rebellion, they were one of three new teams to join the league. The organization also fielded an amateur soccer team under the Oneida FC banner in the Casa Soccer League of Boston.
The club operated under the leadership the USARL's other Boston-based team, the Boston Thirteens, but competed as a separate team. The establishment of Oneida FC put two USARL teams in Boston, and four in New England, an arrangement that lowered operating costs. The team struggled on the field in their inaugural season but found success in recruiting players from other sports.
Oneida finished the 2012 season in sixth place, missing the playoffs. They were initially announced to compete in 2013, but withdrew before the season, along with the New Haven Warriors.
Oneida FC played all home games at Henry G. Steinbrenner '27 Stadium at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="31224397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224397" title="Benet Kaci">
Benet Kaci

Benet Kaci ( ; born 4 August 1978) is a Kosovan media personality, journalist, and occasional singer known for hosting talk shows since 2000. His career in show business began when he started working in RTK. His first television hosting job was on RTKSound, a music program. He would later present the "News Blic" before going to host Albanians Got Talent on Top Channel. For the last 3 years, Benet has been concentrating on his business career. He made his triumphant return to the stage of Video Fest 2013 in Pristina, Kosovo on June 4, 2013. He also hosted this event another time on 13 June 2014 in his birth town, Gjakova.
Early life.
Kaci was born in Gjakova, SFR Yugoslavia and raised in Pristina where he went to high school. He graduated from the Academy of Music and Arts of Albania in Tirana, Albania, with a M.A. in Faculty of Music.

</doc>
<doc id="31224399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224399" title="2011 FIFA Women's World Cup squads">
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup squads

The 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup is an international football tournament being held in Germany from 26 June until 17 July 2011. The 16 national teams involved in the tournament were required to register a squad of 21 players; only players in these squads are eligible to take part in the tournament.
Before announcing its final squad for the tournament, each participating national federation is required to submit a provisional squad. The final 21-player squad, three of whom must be goalkeepers, must be drawn solely from the provisional squad and submitted to FIFA no later than 10 working days before the start of the tournament. Replacement of seriously injured players is permitted until 24 hours before the team in question's first World Cup game. Unlike the men's World Cup, in which replacement players do not have to be drawn from the provisional squad, the Women's World Cup requires that replacements be drawn from the provisional squad.
On 17 June 2011 the final squads were submitted and published.
Players marked (c) were named as captain for their national squad. Totals for caps and goals, club affiliations, and ages are as of the opening day of the tournament on 26 June 2011.
Group A.
The squad was announced on 16 June.
Note: The caps and goals totals for many players on the squad differ dramatically between FIFA's squad list and the player list of the Canadian Soccer Association. For example, the FIFA list only credits Christine Sinclair with 43 goals, while the CSA credits Sinclair with 116. An examination of Sinclair's CSA matches page and CSA statistics page reveals that all of her CSA-credited caps were against full national teams, which means that all 116 goals should presumably be listed as full international goals. Examinations of several other players' CSA records indicate analogous results. Therefore, the CSA numbers are used in this list.
Coach: Carolina Morace
The squad was named on 6 June.
Coach: Bruno Bini
Coach: Silvia Neid
A pre-squad of 26 players was announced on 18 March. After Dzsenifer Marozsán got injured in a training with the German national team, Conny Pohlers was called in to the squad. The line-up was officially reduced to 21 players on 27 May 2011.
The final squad was announced on 14 June.
Coach: Uche Eucharia
Group B.
The squad was announced on 10 June 2011.
Coach: Hope Powell
The squad was announced on 8 June 2011.
Coach: Norio Sasaki
Coach: Leonardo Cuéllar
The squad was announced on 8 June 2011.
Coach: John Herdman
Group C.
On 29 May 2011, Rozo announced a 25-player preliminary squad. The final squad was announced on 13 June. Goalkeeper Paula Forero was injured and replaced with Yineth Varón.
Coach: Ricardo Rozo
Coach: Kim Kwang-min
On 30 May 2011, Dennerby announced the 21-player squad.
Coach: Thomas Dennerby
Coach: Pia Sundhage
Coach Pia Sundhage announced her final 21-player squad on 9 May. US Soccer has provided a full squad listing on its official site.
Lindsay Tarpley, named to the original squad, tore her right ACL in a friendly against Japan on 14 May, and will miss the World Cup. Kelley O'Hara was named to replace Tarpley on 1 June.
Group D.
Coach: Tom Sermanni

Coach: Kleiton Lima
The Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) announced a preliminary squad of 25 players on 25 May, which was reduced to the final 21-player squad on 10 June.
Coach: Marcello Frigerio
The Norwegian team was announced on 27 May 2011. 19 places were named with two spots left open. After Lise Klaveness and Lene Storløkken won´t be able to play at the World Cup due to injuries, Landsem announced her squad on 11 June. Lisa Marie Woods was replaced by Kristine Wigdahl Hegland due to an hip injury. 
Coach: Eli Landsem

</doc>
<doc id="31224426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224426" title="As Time Goes By (Bobby Vinton and George Burns album)">
As Time Goes By (Bobby Vinton and George Burns album)

As Time Goes By was a duet album recorded by Bobby Vinton and George Burns; it was Vinton's thirty-seventh and final studio album. The first three songs are recorded by Vinton and Burns as duets. The fourth, fifth, and tenth tracks are solos by Burns, while the sixth to ninth tracks are solos by Vinton.
At the end of the song "As Time Goes By," Burns makes a reference to the film "Casablanca" by saying, "Y'know, Bobby, this could be the start of a beautiful friendship."
The song "Gracie" was written in memory of Burns' wife, Gracie Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="31224455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224455" title="Applications of the Stirling engine">
Applications of the Stirling engine

Applications of the Stirling engine range from mechanical propulsion to heating and cooling to electrical generation systems. A Stirling engine is a heat engine operating by cyclic compression and expansion of air or other gas, the "working fluid", at different temperature levels such that there is a net conversion of heat energy to mechanical work. The Stirling cycle heat engine can also be driven in reverse, using a mechanical energy input to drive heat transfer in a reversed direction (i.e. a heat pump, or refrigerator).
There are several design configurations for Stirling engines that can be built, many of which require rotary or sliding seals, which can introduce difficult tradeoffs between frictional losses and refrigerant leakage. A free-piston variant of the Stirling engine can be built, which can be completely hermetically sealed, reducing friction losses and completely eliminating refrigerant leakage. For example, a Free Piston Stirling Cooler (FPSC) can convert an electrical energy input into a practical heat pump effect, used for high-efficiency portable refrigerators and freezers. Conversely, a free-piston electrical generator could be built, converting a heat flow into mechanical energy, and then into electricity. In both cases, energy is usually converted from/to electrical energy using magnetic fields in a way that avoids compromising the hermetic seal.
Mechanical output and propulsion.
Automotive engines.
It is often claimed that the Stirling engine has too low a power/weight ratio, too high a cost, and too long a starting time for automotive applications. They also have complex and expensive heat exchangers. A Stirling cooler must reject twice as much heat as an Otto engine or Diesel engine radiator. The heater must be made of stainless steel, exotic alloy or ceramic to support high heater temperatures needed for high power density, and to contain hydrogen gas that is often used in automotive Stirlings to maximize power. The main difficulties involved in using the Stirling engine in an automotive application are startup time, acceleration response, shutdown time, and weight, not all of which have ready-made solutions.
However, a modified Stirling engine has been introduced that uses concepts taken from a patented internal-combustion engine with a sidewall combustion chamber (US patent 7,387,093) that promises to overcome the deficient power-density and specific-power problems, as well as the slow acceleration-response problem inherent in all Stirling engines. It could be possible to use these in co-generation systems that use waste heat from a conventional piston or gas turbine engine's exhaust and use this either to power the ancillaries (e.g.: the alternator) or even as a turbo-compound system that adds power and torque to the crankshaft.
Automobiles exclusively powered by Stirling engines were developed in test projects by NASA, as well as earlier projects by the Ford Motor Company using engines provided by Philips, and by American Motors Corporation (AMC) with several cars equipped with units from Sweden's United Stirling built under a license from Philips. The NASA vehicle test projects were designed by contractors and designated MOD I and MOD II.
NASA's Stirling MOD 1 powered engineering vehicles were built in partnership with the United States Department of Energy (DOE) and NASA, under contract by AMC's AM General to develop and demonstrate practical alternatives for standard engines. The United Stirling AB's P-40 powered AMC Spirit was tested extensively for over and achieved average fuel efficiency up to . A 1980 4-door liftback VAM Lerma was also converted to United Stirling P-40 power to demonstrate the Stirling engine to the public and to promote the U.S. government's alternative engine program.
Tests conducted with the 1979 AMC Spirit, as well as a 1977 Opel and a 1980 AMC Concord revealed the Stirling engines "could be developed into an automotive power train for passenger vehicles and that it could produce favorable results." However, progress was achieved with equal-power spark-ignition engines since 1977, and the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) requirements that were to be achieved by automobiles sold in the U.S. were being increased. Moreover, the Stirling engine design continued to exhibit a shortfall in fuel efficiency There were also two major drawbacks for consumers using the Stirling engines: first was the time needed to warm up – because most drivers do not like to wait to start driving; and second was the difficulty in changing the engine's speed – thus limiting driving flexibility on the road and traffic. The process of auto manufacturers converting their existing facilities and tooling for the mass production of a completely new design and type of powerplant was also questioned.
The MOD II project in 1986 produced one of the most efficient automotive engines ever made. The engine reached a peak thermal efficiency of 38.5%, compared to a modern spark-ignition gasoline engine, which has a peak efficiency of 20-25%. The Mod II project replaced the normal spark-ignition engine in a 1985 4-door Chevrolet Celebrity notchback. In the 1986 MOD II Design Report (Appendix A) the results showed that highway gas mileage was increased from and achieved an urban range of with no change in vehicle gross weight. Startup time in the NASA vehicle was a maximum of 30 seconds,while Ford's research vehicle used an internal electric heater to quickly start the engine, giving a start time of only a few seconds. The high torque output of the Stirling engine at low speed eliminated the need for a torque converter in the transmission resulting in decreased weight and transmission drivetrain losses negating somewhat the weight disadvantage of the Stirling in auto use. This resulted in increased efficiencies being mentioned in the test results.
The experiments indicated that the Stirling engine could improve vehicle operational efficiency by ideally detaching the Stirling from direct power demands, eliminating a direct mechanical linkage as used in most current vehicles. Its prime function used in an extended-range series electric hybrid vehicle would be as a generator providing electricity to drive the electric vehicle traction motors and charging a buffer battery set. In a petro-hydraulic hybrid the Stirling would perform a similar function as in a petro-electric series-hybrid turning a pump charging a hydraulic buffer tank. Although successful in the MOD 1 and MOD 2 phases of the experiments, cutbacks in funding further research and lack of interest by automakers ended possible commercialization of the Automotive Stirling Engine Program.
Electric vehicles.
Stirling engines as part of a hybrid electric drive system may be able to bypass the design challenges or disadvantages of a non-hybrid Stirling automobile.
In November 2007, a prototype hybrid car using solid biofuel and a Stirling engine was announced by the Precer project in Sweden.
The Manchester Union Leader reports that Dean Kamen has developed a series plug-in hybrid car using a Ford Think. DEKA, Kamen's technology company in the Manchester Millyard, has demonstrated an electric car, the DEKA Revolt, that can go approximately on a single charge of its lithium battery.
Aircraft engines.
Stirling engines may hold theoretical promise as aircraft engines, if high power density and low cost can be achieved. They are quieter, less polluting, gain efficiency with altitude due to lower ambient temperatures, are more reliable due to fewer parts and the absence of an ignition system, produce much less vibration (airframes could last longer) and use safer, less explosive fuels. However, the Stirling engine often has low power density compared to the commonly used Otto engine and Brayton cycle gas turbine. This issue has been a point of contention in automobiles, and this performance characteristic is even more critical in aircraft engines.
Marine engines.
The Stirling engine could be well suited for underwater power systems where electrical work or mechanical power is required on an intermittent or continuous level. General Motors has done a considerable amount of work on advanced Stirling cycle engines which include thermal storage for underwater applications. United Stirling, in Malmo, Sweden, is developing an experimental four–cylinder engine using hydrogen peroxide as an oxidant in underwater power systems. The SAGA (Submarine Assistance Great Autonomy) submarine became operational in the 1990s and is driven by two Stirling engines supplied with diesel fuel and liquid oxygen. This system also has potential for surface-ship propulsion, as the engine's size is less of a concern, and placing the radiator section in seawater rather than open air (as a land-based engine would be) allows for it to be smaller.
Swedish shipbuilder Kockums has built 8 successful Stirling powered submarines since the late 1980s. They carry compressed oxygen to allow fuel combustion submerged, providing heat for the Stirling engine. They are currently used on submarines of the "Gotland" and "Södermanland" classes. They are the first submarines in the world to feature Stirling air-independent propulsion (AIP), which extends their underwater endurance from a few days to several weeks.
This capability has previously only been available with nuclear-powered submarines.
The Kockums engine also powers the Japanese "Sōryū"-class submarine.
Pump engines.
Stirling engines can power pumps to move fluids like water, air and gasses. For instance the ST-5 from Stirling Technology Inc. power output of that can run a 3 kW generator or a centrifugal water pump.
Electrical power generation.
Combined heat and power.
In a combined heat and power (CHP) system, mechanical or electrical power is generated in the usual way, however, the waste heat given off by the engine is used to supply a secondary heating application. This can be virtually anything that uses low temperature heat. It is often a pre-existing energy use, such as commercial space heating, residential water heating, or an industrial process.
Thermal power stations on the electric grid use fuel to produce electricity. However, there are large quantities of waste heat produced which often go unused. In other situations, high-grade fuel is burned at high temperature for a low temperature application. According to the second law of thermodynamics, a heat engine can generate power from this temperature difference. In a CHP system, the high temperature primary heat enters the Stirling engine heater, then some of the energy is converted to mechanical power in the engine, and the rest passes through to the cooler, where it exits at a low temperature. The "waste" heat actually comes from engine's main "cooler", and possibly from other sources such as the exhaust of the burner, if there is one.
The power produced by the engine can be used to run an industrial or agricultural process, which in turn creates biomass waste refuse that can be used as free fuel for the engine, thus reducing waste removal costs. The overall process can be efficient and cost effective.
Disenco, a UK-based company are going through the final stages of development of their HomePowerPlant. Unlike other m-CHP appliances coming to market the HPP generates 3 kW of electrical and 15 kW of thermal energy, making this appliance suitable for both the domestic and SME markets.
WhisperGen, a New Zealand firm with offices in Christchurch, has developed an "AC Micro Combined Heat and Power" Stirling cycle engine. These microCHP units are gas-fired central heating boilers which sell unused power back into the electricity grid. WhisperGen announced in 2004 that they were producing 80,000 units for the residential market in the United Kingdom. A 20 unit trial in Germany started in 2006.
Solar power generation.
Placed at the focus of a parabolic mirror, a Stirling engine can convert solar energy to electricity with an efficiency better than non-concentrated photovoltaic cells, and comparable to Concentrated Photo Voltaics. On August 11, 2005, Southern California Edison announced an agreement with Stirling Energy Systems to purchase electricity created using over 30,000 Solar Powered Stirling Engines over a twenty-year period sufficient to generate 850 MW of electricity. These systems, on an 8,000 acre (19 km2) solar farm will use mirrors to direct and concentrate sunlight onto the engines which will in turn drive generators. "In January, 2010, four months after breaking ground, Stirling Energy partner company Tessara Solar completed the 1.5 MW Maricopa Solar power plant in Peoria, Arizona, just outside Phoenix. The power plant is 60 SES SunCatchers." The SunCatcher is described as "a large, tracking, concentrating solar power (CSP) dish collector that generates 25 kilowatts (kW) of electricity in full sun. Each of the 38-foot-diameter collectors contains over 300 curved mirrors (heliostats) that focus sunlight onto a power conversion unit, which contains the Stirling engine. The dish uses dual-axis tracking to follow the sun precisely as it moves across the sky." There have been disputes over the project due to concerns of environmental impact on animals living on the site. The Maricopa Solar Plant has been closed.
Nuclear power.
There is a potential for nuclear-powered Stirling engines in electric power generation plants. Replacing the steam turbines of nuclear power plants with Stirling engines might simplify the plant, yield greater efficiency, and reduce the radioactive byproducts. A number of breeder reactor designs use liquid sodium as coolant. If the heat is to be employed in a steam plant, a water/sodium heat exchanger is required, which raises some concern as sodium reacts violently with water. A Stirling engine eliminates the need for water anywhere in the cycle. This would have advantages for nuclear installations in dry regions.
United States government labs have developed a modern Stirling engine design known as the Stirling Radioisotope Generator for use in space exploration. It is designed to generate electricity for deep space probes on missions lasting decades. The engine uses a single displacer to reduce moving parts and uses high energy acoustics to transfer energy. The heat source is a dry solid nuclear fuel slug, and the heat sink is radiation into free space itself.
Heating and cooling.
If supplied with mechanical power, a Stirling engine can function in reverse as a heat pump for heating or cooling. In the late 1930s, the Philips Corporation of the Netherlands successfully utilized the Stirling cycle in cryogenic applications. Experiments have been performed using wind power driving a Stirling cycle heat pump for domestic heating and air conditioning.
Stirling cryocoolers.
Any Stirling engine will also work "in reverse" as a heat pump; when mechanical energy is applied to the shaft, a temperature difference appears between the reservoirs. The essential mechanical components of a Stirling cryocooler are identical to a Stirling engine. In both the engine and the heat pump, heat flows from the expansion space to the compression space; however, input work is required in order for heat to flow "uphill" against a thermal gradient, specifically when the compression space is hotter than the expansion space. The external side of the expansion-space heat exchanger may be placed inside a thermally insulated compartment such as a vacuum flask. Heat is in effect pumped out of this compartment, through the working gas of the cryocooler and into the compression space. The compression space will be above ambient temperature, and so heat will flow out into the environment.
One of their modern uses is in cryogenics, and to a lesser extent, refrigeration. At typical refrigeration temperatures, Stirling coolers are generally not economically competitive with the less expensive mainstream Rankine cooling systems, because they are less energy efficient. However, below about −40° to −30 °C, Rankine cooling is not effective because there are no suitable refrigerants with boiling points this low. Stirling cryocoolers are able to "lift" heat down to −200 °C (73K), which is sufficient to liquefy air (specifically the primary constituent gases oxygen, nitrogen and argon). They can go as low as 40–60 K for single stage machines, depending on the particular design. Two stage Stirling cryocoolers can reach temperatures of 20 K, sufficient to liquify hydrogen and neon. Cryocoolers for this purpose are more or less competitive with other cryocooler technologies. The coefficient of performance at cryogenic temperatures is typically 0.04–0.05 (corresponding to a 4–5% efficiency). Empirically, the devices show a linear trend, where typically the , where "T"c is the cryogenic temperature. At these temperatures, solid materials have lower values for specific heat, so the regenerator must be made out of unexpected materials, such as cotton.
The first Stirling cycle cryocooler was developed at Philips in the 1950s and commercialized in such places as liquid air production plants. The Philips Cryogenics business evolved until it was split off in 1990 to form the Stirling Cryogenics BV, The Netherlands. This company is still active in the development and manufacturing of Stirling cryocoolers and cryogenic cooling systems.
A wide variety of smaller size Stirling cryocoolers are commercially available for tasks such as the cooling of electronic sensors and sometimes microprocessors. For this application, Stirling cryocoolers are the highest performance technology available, due to their ability to lift heat efficiently at very low temperatures. They are silent, vibration-free, and can be scaled down to small sizes, and have very high reliability and low maintenance. As of 2009, cryocoolers were considered to be the only widely deployed commercially successful Stirling devices.
Heat pumps.
A Stirling heat pump is very similar to a Stirling cryocooler, the main difference being that it usually operates at room temperature. At present, its principal application is to pump heat from the outside of a building to the inside, thus heating it at lowered energy costs.
As with any other Stirling device, heat flow is from the expansion space to the compression space. However, in contrast to the Stirling "engine", the expansion space is at a "lower" temperature than the compression space, so instead of producing work, an "input" of mechanical work is required by the system (in order to satisfy the Second Law of Thermodynamics). The mechanical energy input can be supplied by an electrical motor, or an internal combustion engine, for example. When the mechanical work for the heat pump is provided by a second Stirling engine, then the overall system is called a "heat-driven heatpump".
The expansion side of the heat pump is thermally coupled to the heat source, which is often the external environment. The compression side of the Stirling device is placed in the environment to be heated, for example a building, and heat is "pumped" into it. Typically there will be thermal insulation between the two sides so there will be a temperature rise inside the insulated space.
Heat pumps are by far the most energy-efficient types of heating systems, since they "harvest" additional heat from the environment, rather than turning all their input energy directly into heat. In accordance with the Second Law of Thermodynamics, heat pumps always require the "additional input" of some external energy to "pump" the collected heat "uphill" against a temperature differential.
Compared to conventional heat pumps, Stirling heat pumps often have a higher coefficient of performance . To date, Stirling systems have seen limited commercial use; however, use is expected to increase along with market demand for energy conservation, and adoption will likely be accelerated by technological refinements.
Portable refrigeration.
The Free Piston Stirling Cooler (FPSC) is a completely sealed heat transfer system that has only two moving parts (a piston and a displacer), and which can use helium as the working fluid. The piston is typically driven by an oscillating magnetic field that is the source of the power needed to drive the refrigeration cycle. The magnetic drive allows the piston to be driven without requiring any seals, gaskets, O-rings, or other compromises to the hermetically sealed system. Claimed advantages for the system include improved efficiency and cooling capacity, lighter weight, smaller size and better controllability.
The FPSC was invented in 1964 by William Beale, a professor of Mechanical Engineering at Ohio University in Athens, Ohio. He founded and continues to be associated with Sunpower Inc., which researches and develops FPSC systems for military, aerospace, industrial, and commercial applications. A FPSC cooler made by Sunpower was used by NASA to cool instrumentation in satellites.
Other suppliers of FPSC technology include the Twinbird Company of Japan and Global Cooling NV of the Netherlands, which (like Sunpower) has a research center in Athens, Ohio.
For several years starting around 2004, the Coleman Company sold a version of the Twinbird "SC-C925 Portable Freezer Cooler 25L" under its own brand name, but it has since discontinued offering the product. The portable cooler can be operated more than a day, maintaining sub-freezing temperatures while powered by an automotive battery. This cooler is still being manufactured, with Global Cooling now coordinating distribution to North America and Europe. Other variants offered by Twinbird include a portable deep freezer (to −80 °C), collapsible coolers, and a model for transporting blood and vaccine.
Low temperature difference engines.
A low temperature difference (LTD, or Low Delta T) Stirling engine will run on any low temperature differential, for example the difference between the palm of a hand and room temperature, or room temperature and an ice cube. A record of only 0.5 °C temperature differential was achieved in 1990. Usually they are designed in a gamma configuration for simplicity, and without a regenerator, although some have slits in the displacer typically made of foam for partial regeneration. They are typically unpressurized, running at pressure close to 1 atmosphere. The power produced is less than 1 W, and they are intended for demonstration purposes only. They are sold as toys and educational models.
However, larger (typically 1 m square) low temperature engines have been built for pumping water using direct sunlight with minimal or no magnification.
Other applications.
Acoustic Stirling Heat Engine.
Los Alamos National Laboratory has developed an "Acoustic Stirling Heat Engine" with no moving parts. It converts heat into intense acoustic power which (quoted from given source) "can be used directly in acoustic refrigerators or pulse-tube refrigerators to provide heat-driven refrigeration with no moving parts, or ... to generate electricity via a linear alternator or other electro-acoustic power transducer".
MicroCHP.
WhisperGen, a New Zealand based company has developed Stirling engines that can be powered by natural gas or diesel. An agreement has been signed with Mondragon Corporación Cooperativa, a Spanish firm, to produce WhisperGen's microCHP (Combined Heat and Power) and make them available for the domestic market in Europe. Some time ago E.ON UK announced a similar initiative for the UK. Domestic Stirling engines would supply the client with hot water, space heating and a surplus electric power that could be fed back into the electric grid.
Based on the companies' published performance specifications, the off-grid diesel fueled unit produces combined heat (5.5 kW heat) and electric (800W electric) output, from a unit being fed 0.75 liters of automotive grade diesel fuel per hour. Whispergen units are claimed to operate as a combined co-generation unit reaching as high as ~80% operating efficiency.
However the preliminary results of an Energy Saving Trust review of the performance of the WhisperGen microCHP units suggested that their advantages were marginal at best in most homes. However another author shows that Stirling engine microgeneration is the most cost effective of various microgeneration technologies in terms of reducing CO2.
Chip cooling.
MSI (Taiwan) developed a miniature Stirling engine cooling system for personal computer chips that uses the waste heat from the chip to drive a fan.
Smartphone charging.
Epiphany laboratories successfully ran a Kickstarter campaign for their Epiphany onE Puck, which is a smartphone charger based on the Stirling engine.

</doc>
<doc id="31224471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224471" title="What Lies Beneath World Tour">
What Lies Beneath World Tour

What Lies Beneath World Tour is the second world tour by Finnish soprano Tarja Turunen to promote her third album, "What Lies Beneath", released by Universal Music on September 1, 2010.
Tarja started the tour performing in several metal festivals in Europe, including the Wacken Open Air in Germany and the Graspop Metal Meeting in Belgium, with special concerts at Miskolc Opera Festival and at the Masters of Rock, where she performed accompanied by a full philarmonic orchestra and choir. Also in 2010 Tarja played a European tour and supported Alice Cooper in 9 concerts in Germany, and played another European tour in 2011, with more European dates to be played in early 2012.
During the tour, Tarja toured South America again, and at that time she played for the first time in Peru, Bolívia and Uruguay, and she also played at Rock in Rio festival in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, alongside the Brazilian band Angra in September 25, 2011, for more than 100 thousand people.
Tour dates.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="31224474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224474" title="2007 NAIA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament">
2007 NAIA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament

The 2007 NAIA Division II Men’s Basketball National Championship was held in March at Keeter Gymnasium in Point Lookout, Missouri. The 16th annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format.

</doc>
<doc id="31224600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224600" title="Qamar David">
Qamar David

Qamar David was a Pakistani Christian convicted of blasphemy who died on 15 March 2011 under suspicious circumstances in a jail in Karachi, Pakistan.
Background.
David was a supplier of cosmetic to shops in Karachi. He was arrested in 2006 for allegedly insulting Muhammad in a text message to a business rival. His lawyers stated that the charges were pushed by rival businessmen. He was convicted in February 2010 by a court in Karachi and sentenced to life in prison. While in prison David had written twice to Human Rights Commission of Pakistan expressing fear for his life and that of his family. He also accused the police of torturing him.
Death.
David, 57, died on 15 March 2011 after complaining of chest pain. Prison officials stated that he died a natural death and foul play was ruled out. However, David's lawyer Aslam Chaudhry stated that his client was healthy and expressed concerns that David was murdered. Andrew Johnston of Christian Solidarity Worldwide called for an independent investigation of the death. An autopsy was performed on 16 March 2011 by doctors whose initial assessment was that he died of a heart attack. However, histopathology reports were expected to take several days.

</doc>
<doc id="31224603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224603" title="Joseph N. Hermann">
Joseph N. Hermann

Joseph N. Hermann (born June 8, 1924 in Boston, Massachusetts, died May 20, 1993 in North Andover, Massachusetts) was an American politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1977 until his death on May 20, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="31224609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224609" title="40 Odd Years">
40 Odd Years

40 Odd Years is a compilation box set by American singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III, released on May 3, 2011 on Shout! Factory. The set contains music from throughout Wainwright's career, alongside a DVD of live performances and documentary pieces. The collection is co-produced and curated by filmmaker Judd Apatow, who also writes an introduction in the liner notes.
The album's fourth disc features both rare and unreleased tracks, including a newly recorded song for the collection, entitled "Dead Man".
Background.
Regarding filmmaker Judd Apatow's involvement in "40 Odd Years", Wainwright noted, "I would see him and he would say, "You gotta have a box!" And I'd say, "Yeah, sure, I agree." But because of his interest and his influence, he was able get together with the people at Shout! Factory and encouraged them to make it happen. And he was also quite involved from the creative side of things. I sent him my choices, and the DVD was pretty much created by him and his team. So, he's a very big part."
Regarding the box set's track listing, Wainwright stated, "I've mourned over the kittens that have been put in the sack, that didn't make it into the box. That was an aspect that was difficult at that stage - choosing what could be included and what couldn't be included because there were digital space requirements. [...] I took one song off because it made my wife wince too much. I cut her some slack. It takes a lot to make me wince; as far as I'm concerned, bad taste is timeless. I like to wince. I like to think that people are going 'Eeeghegh!' I put one song on there that I never had the guts to put on a record - which was this song called "Laid" - so I thought, 'What the hell? I'm almost dead. I'll put it out there'."
On the album's fourth disc of rarities, Wainwright included a duet with him and his ex-wife Kate McGarrigle, entitled "Weave Room Blues". Wainwright stated, "It seemed important to include something with the two of us: "Weave Room Blues' was the choice. [...] We were having a lot of fun. And that was what I wanted to convey with that choice, that we did have fun."

</doc>
<doc id="31224616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224616" title="Kerry Taylor">
Kerry Taylor

Kerry Thomas Taylor (born January 25, 1971 in Bemidji, Minnesota) is former Major League Baseball pitcher. Taylor played for the San Diego Padres from to . He batted and threw right-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="31224618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224618" title="Steinbeis-Hochschule Berlin">
Steinbeis-Hochschule Berlin

Steinbeis-Hochschule Berlin (SHB) (or Steinbeis University) is a private German university, which was founded in 1998. The university is based in Berlin, but also owns institutes in Baden-Württemberg.
The university mainly offers extra-occupational study courses. Besides Bachelor and Master programs, there are possibilities to get doctoral degrees. Although the university is mainly offering economic courses, there is also the opportunity to achieve a Bachelor of Engineering.
The main idea of Steinbeis University is the "interdigitation of theory and practice", which means that the students can apply their gained theoretical knowledge directly to their job. Students are usually just accepted together with a sponsoring company, where the students have to work during their "practical training". 
The university is wholly owned by the Steinbeis Foundation.
History.
As early as 1994, the Steinbeis Foundation was working on the fundamentals of a new academy. The idea of a private Steinbeis University in Baden-Württemberg was soon in coming. The circumstances at the time, however, were not advantageous. As a result, Johann Löhn, the then Steinbeis Foundation Chairman of the Board, chose not to pursue the idea further.
As systemic coincidence would have it, lines of communication were established with the Berlin Senate Department of Science and Education. The Secretary of State at the time, Erich Thies, was a strong advocate of the university – even if it existed in thought only. In a matter of weeks, Steinbeis received state approval to move forward with SHB. The university opened its doors in the autumn of 1998 offering the MBE (Master of Business and Engineering). 
1999 saw the introduction of the MedienMBA, the first MBA for senior managers working in the German media. In 2000 SHB added another string to its bow: MBA degrees for Chinese executives and German fast-track employees. In 2001 SHB launched its first bachelor’s degree program. 
From day one, the university’s entrepreneurial origins stood it in good stead: organized as a business, with the institutes acting more like “companies within a company”. This set-up and the Project Competence Concept have played a key role in SHB’s astounding growth. Degrees based on this model require students to “partner” with a company at the start of their studies and fl esh out a project that applies the lessons they learn in the classroom to a tangible business challenge. The degrees are rounded off by specialized seminars and training courses in key skills areas of technology, management and business – all adding to the richness of the Steinbeis curriculum.
Today over 4000 employed professionals are enrolled in SHB. In total about 900 lecturers and 1100 project managers are, mostly part time, employed by the university.

</doc>
<doc id="31224628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224628" title="Judaydat al-Khas">
Judaydat al-Khas

Judaydat al-Khas or Jdeidet el Khass () is a village in southwestern Syria in Rif Dimashq Governorate, close to Damascus International Airport. It is located southwest of Lake Otaybah and near the archaeological site of Tell Aswad, known to locals as "The Black Hill". Some of the flints that have been found in the area of the village resemble those from the oldest levels of Tell Ramad. Wild boar is still herded in the nearby mountains today. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Judaydat al-Khas had a population of 6,298 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="31224631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224631" title="Frank Plasberg">
Frank Plasberg

Frank Plasberg (* May 18, 1957 in Remscheid) is a German journalist and television presenter.
Life.
Plasberg has an education in theater, politics and pedagogy and works as television presenter on German broadcaster WDR. From 1987 to 2002 he was television host of programme "Aktuelle Stunde" (together with journalist Christine Westermann). Since 2001 Plasberg is television host of programme "Hart aber fair" on WDR.

</doc>
<doc id="31224648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224648" title="Cloughoughter Castle">
Cloughoughter Castle

Cloughoughter Castle is a ruined circular castle, situated on a small island in Lough Oughter, 4 kilometres east of the town of Killeshandra in County Cavan, Ireland.
History.
The castle is located in the historic Kingdom of Breifne, specifically in the part that would later be subdivided into East Breifne, roughly corresponding to County Cavan. Prior to the construction of the castle, the spot may have been a crannóg. In the latter part of the 12th century, it was under the control of the O'Rourkes, but it seems to have come into the hands of the Anglo-Norman William Gorm de Lacy after the Normans wrest control of some of the territory from that ruling clan. While the exact date construction began is unknown, it is estimated to have started in the first quarter of the 13th century. Architectural elements date the lower two storeys of cloughoughter to this time.
In 1233, the O'Reilly clan took possession of the area and completed the castle. They retained it for centuries in the midst of their ongoing conflicts with the O'Rourkes and with members of their own clan. It was there that Philip O'Reilly was imprisoned in the 1360s with "no allowance save a sheaf of oats for day and night and a cup of water, so that he was compelled to drink his own urine."
After the Plantations.
Possession of Cloughoughter was granted to servitor Hugh Culme during the forced Plantation of Ulster. Culme stupidly did not dwell in the castle, but built a new residence upon the nearby lake shore. The Castle was reinforced and used as an armory but no inhabitation. Culme thought it safe enough to live on the nearby shores. However, Hugh Culme's fortune defied reality as he was subsequently imprisoned in his own armory with large numbers of his fellow planters. 
During the Irish Rebellion of 1641, Philip O'Reilly, then an MP for Cavan and secret leader of the Indigenous Irish revolutionaries, succeeded in a conspiracy at capturing Hugh Culme and seizing control of the castle. During this final phase of its active existence, it was used as a prison. In this capacity Culme along with other foreign Planters, were imprisoned for years.
For the remaining years of the rebellion, O'Reilly retained it as an island fortification, holding it a total of 12 years before it was besieged. Finally, The British Cromwellian forces had defeated the surrounding indigenous Irish armies, pushed the defenses back to the lake, recovered the lake-shore and proceeded to bombard the castle from positions in the townland of Innishconnell. When the castle finally fell and the indigenous Irish captured in March 1653, it was the last stronghold of the rebellion to fall. 
Left in ruins, the castle became a frequent subject of art in the 18th and 19th centuries. Its visual impact was described in a travelogue published "The Dublin University Magazine" in 1852:
It stands on a small island, scarce three hundred feet in diameter, just sufficient to contain the castle and a small margin of rock around it. The island stands in very deep water; the shores are a mile distant, wild, yet thickly wooded. The castle is a beautiful ruin, round, massive, hoary, save where mantled with rich Irish ivy. The walls are immensely thick, with embrasures and coved windows, round which "ruin greenly dwells." It is unlike most Irish castles, which are square.
Conservation efforts were begun on the castle in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="31224736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224736" title="2011 Sony Ericsson Open – Women's Singles">
2011 Sony Ericsson Open – Women's Singles

Kim Clijsters was the defending champion, but lost to Victoria Azarenka in the quarterfinals.
Azarenka won her second title in Miami by beating Maria Sharapova in the final, 6–1, 6–4.
Seeds.
All seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="31224762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224762" title="Gatiali">
Gatiali

Gatiali (or "Patan Gatiali" or "Gatiyalian") is a village in Jhelum District, Punjab, Pakistan. is north of Jhelum City and South of Mangla Dam.
Today a small village on the west Jhelum River bank in Punjab, in fact in east of Gatiali's land there is only border of Azad Kashmir. Importance of this small village in the history is not known but the Road from Jhelum to Mangla on the River Jhelum's West bank Called Jhelum-Gatiali-Shekhupura Road (Shekhupura is a village on Mangla Dina Road where is the link).
The famous project of bridge on Jhelum River to link the Azad Kashmir with Pakistan directly is located near to Gatiali Village and Called Pull Patan Gatyalian.
Another evidence is the Gatiali Gate in Rohtas Fort. It is a single gate 9.15 metres high and 6.1 metres deep. This gate faces to the village Gatali Ford (ravine) which is called also Patan Gatiali or Gatiyalian, the important point to cross the River Jhelum for the Kashmir Vally, thus the name.
Castes and clans.
Rajputs of the Sohlan are Muslims and basic residents and proprietors of the village. Kashmiries they are living in the village since 1920. There was some evidence of presence of some Hindu (Khatri) families but at the time of the partition of India, they left the Village.

</doc>
<doc id="31224790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224790" title="Forward interest rate">
Forward interest rate

In finance, a forward interest rate is a type of interest rate that is specified for a loan that will occur at a specified future date. As with current interest rates, forward interest rates include a term structure which shows the different forward rates offered to loans of different maturities. According to the unbiased expectations hypothesis, forward interest rates predict spot interest rates at the time the loan is actually made, but many analysts dispute whether this is true.
This figure is part of the lending & credit industry and is related as well to the "expectations theory" which states that forward interest rates can be used as forecasts for future interest rates. Investors expecting higher short-term interest rates are more likely to buy bonds maturing in the short term. If they were to park money into a long term debt they might not be able to make as much interest.
Finance analysts can refer to a graph of forward interest rate values over different time periods, the forward curve, to evaluate the time value of money.
External links.
A

</doc>
<doc id="31224793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224793" title="The Image of Irelande, with a Discoverie of Woodkarne">
The Image of Irelande, with a Discoverie of Woodkarne

The Image of Irelande, with a Discoverie of Woodkarne is a 1581 book by John Derricke.
The book is dedicated to Philip Sidney. It praises the deputyship of Philip's father Henry Sidney and English victories over the Irish. The work opens with a poetic history of Ireland and its conflicts with the English, presenting reasons for English rule. This proceeds to a set of twelve woodcut illustrations interspersed with verse narration, describing Henry Sidney's victories of Irish rebels and denigrating Irish culture. The book ends with the surrender of Turlough Luineach Ó Neill, king of Tyrone, in 1578.
There is only one complete version extant, at the Edinburgh University Library. A copy was produced and edited by the university librarian in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="31224798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224798" title="The Lay of Thrym">
The Lay of Thrym

The Lay of Thrym is the sixth full-length album by the Faroese Viking/folk metal band Týr. The name of the album comes from one of the best known poems from the Poetic Edda, called "Þrymskviða", "The Lay of Thrym". The band revealed the name of the album along with its release date on their MySpace page. The cover artwork is by Gyula Havancsák. This would be the band's last album with long-time drummer Kári Streymoy.

</doc>
<doc id="31224805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224805" title="Wisconsin State Natural Areas Program">
Wisconsin State Natural Areas Program

Wisconsin's State Natural Areas Program was created in 1951, the first such state-sponsored program in the United States, with guidance from early conservationists such as Aldo Leopold, Norman C. Fassett, Albert Fuller, and John Thomas Curtis.
The program is managed by the Bureau of Natural Heritage Conservation in the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources and advised by the Natural Areas Preservation Council (NAPC), a council of 11 scientists and conservationists. The smallest SNAs are less than and the largest is over . Many SNAs have been established on lands already owned by the state, such as within Wisconsin state parks. Others are on land managed by other entities like the U.S. Forest Service, National Park Service, county governments, or conservation organizations like The Nature Conservancy. In those cases cooperative agreements or conservation easements are used.
Ecosystem management practices range from a "hands-off" approach to very active processes such as introduced species removal and controlled burning. SNAs are generally open to low-impact recreation like hiking and birdwatching, but disallow intensive activities like camping and mountain biking, and usually lack even basic amenities like restrooms or maintained trails. Numerous SNAs are closed to the public to protect the most sensitive flora, fauna, and ecosystems, including rare and endangered species.

</doc>
<doc id="31224815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224815" title="Belton Richard">
Belton Richard

Belton Richard (born October 5, 1939) is a Cajun accordionist. He is known for his baritone vocal range.
Biography.
Richard was born in Rayne, Louisiana in 1939. He began to play the accordion at age seven, and at 12 he started playing with 'Neg Halloway and the Rayne Playboys. He founded The Musical Aces in 1959 after a stint playing rock and roll and swamp pop. During his tenure, he released many popular songs, including "Un Autre Soir Ennuyant," "Pardon Waltz," and "Waltz of No Return." Another notable song is "Cajun Streak," an inspired translation of Ray Stevens' novelty hit.
Legacy.
The 1995 Festivals Acadiens et Créoles was dedicated to Richard. Richard was inducted into the Cajun French Music Association's Hall of Fame in 1997, its inaugural year. In 2003, he was inducted into the Acadian museum's 'Living Legends' list. He also won the Cajun French Music Association's 'Male Vocalist of the Year' in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="31224823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224823" title="Turner Broadcasting System Netherlands">
Turner Broadcasting System Netherlands

Turner Broadcasting System Nederland B.V. is one of Turner's European divisions. The company is based Amsterdam, the capital of the Netherlands. The company owns and operates Cartoon Network (Netherlands), Boomerang (Netherlands), TCM Nordic and TNT.

</doc>
<doc id="31224827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224827" title="Gill College">
Gill College

Gill College is a South African high school in Somerset East. It was originally founded in 1869 as a university.
The school's namesake, Dr. William Gill, died in 1863 and left an estate equivalent to $23,000 US dollars for the establishment of a college of higher education. Gill College was officially opened on March 18, 1869. The architecture was based on that of the University of Glasgow.
In 1903, a change in educational regulations caused Gill College to become a high school. The high school was coeducational before 1928 and again after 1965; between those dates it was a boys' school.

</doc>
<doc id="31224829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224829" title="Brekeke PBX">
Brekeke PBX

Brekeke PBX is a SIP-based IP-PBX system. This software was previously known as OnDO PBX from 2004 to 2006. Brekeke Software, Inc. released Version 2 of this software in 2007 and changed its name to Brekeke PBX. This software allows the user to establish relations among multiple phones (e.g., extensions, ring groups, etc.), to share lines among multiple phones and to provide call features such as voicemail, caller ID, call forwarding, call recording, etc. Brekeke Software, Inc. offers two versions of its Brekeke PBX software, single-tenant and Multi-Tenant version.
SIP-Compliant.
Brekeke PBX comes with a bundled SIP server and is fully SIP-compliant (RFC 3261 Standard), which ensures that it has the highest level of interoperability with other SIP devices and services.

</doc>
<doc id="31224832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224832" title="Sergey Elpatyevsky">
Sergey Elpatyevsky

Sergey Yakovlovich Elpatyevsky (), November 3, 1854 – January 9, 1933, was a Russian writer and doctor.
Early life.
Elpatyevsky was born in the village of Novoselki-Kudrino, Vladimir Governorate, into the family of a village priest. He studied at a religious school, and, after graduating in 1868, at a seminary. In 1872 he entered the Law Faculty of Moscow State University, later transferring to the Medical Faculty.
Career.
In the 1870s Elpatyevsky participated in the narodnik movement. In 1875 he assisted in the organization of settlements under the populists. He also provided his Moscow apartment for populist meetings. In 1876/77 he helped to organize a student club along with S.V. Martynov and V.S. Lebedev. The club served to coordinate student activities and organize assistance for political exiles in Siberia.
In 1877 Elpatyevsky was investigated on charges of having links with revolutionary groups, but released for lack of evidence. In 1878 he finished his studies at the University, and began working as a doctor in Skopinsky County, Ryazan province. He also continued his revolutionary activities. In 1880 he was arrested on charges of promoting The People's Will, and deported to Ufa province under police supervision.
Exile.
In 1884 Elpatyevsky was arrested for distributing illegal literature, and sentenced to exile in Eastern Siberia. He arrived in Krasnoyarsk on October 24, 1884, where he met with the writer Vladimir Korolenko. Elpatyevsky settled in the village of Verhnepashennom, in the Yeniseysky District of Yenisei province. His wife Lyudmila and their two children went with him voluntarily. His wife and children settled in the city of Yeniseysk.
In 1885 Elpatyevsky was allowed to resettle in Yeniseysk with his family. He repeatedly appealed to the governor of the Yenisei province to allow him to practice medicine, but was refused. He then began to practice medicine free of charge. Later he was granted the right to move freely throughout the countryside to fight the epidemics of diphtheria and scarlet fever in Angara and measles in Turukhansk. He received the thanks of the Governor I. K. Pedashenko for helping to fight these epidemics.
In April, 1886 a Chelyabinsk merchant named Balakshin asked Governor Pedashenko if Elpatyevsky could be allowed to accompany him to Lake Shira. The governor allowed Elpatyevsky to visit the Minusinsky District for scientific purposes. Their scientific observations about the healing properties of the water of Lake Shira were outlined in Elpatyevsky's report at a meeting of the Yenisei Province Society of Physicians.
Later life.
After his period of exile, Elpatyevsky lived in Nizhny Novgorod, and published works in the magazines "Russian Wealth" and "Russian Gazette". In 1893 he took part in the national fight against hunger and cholera . In the late 1890s he settled in Yalta, where he often met with Leo Tolstoy and Anton Chekhov, whom he treated for tuberculosis. In the early 1900s he went abroad, and met with the founders of the Socialist-Revolutionary Party. During the 1905 Russian Revolution he held meetings of members of the party in his apartment. He didn't share some of their ideas, and because of this became one of the creators of the Labour Popular Socialist Party, for which he was criticized by Vladimir Lenin .
He was arrested for publishing the booklet "Land and Freedom" in 1910. In 1910/11 he was imprisoned in the Peter and Paul Fortress.
During World War 1 Elpatyevsky worked in hospitals in the All-Russian Land Union. In 1917 he left the Labour Popular Socialist Party. After the Russian Revolution of 1917 he lived in Moscow. From 1922 to 1928 he worked as a doctor in the Kremlin hospital. He died in 1933 in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="31224854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224854" title="2011 Sony Ericsson Open – Men's Singles Qualifying">
2011 Sony Ericsson Open – Men's Singles Qualifying

This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 Sony Ericsson Open.

</doc>
<doc id="31224860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224860" title="Psychiatric Institute of Washington">
Psychiatric Institute of Washington

The Psychiatric Institute of Washington (PIW) is an acute (104 bed) psychiatric hospital in Washington, DC. Opened in 1967, PIW is a short-term, private hospital. It offers behavioral healthcare to patients suffering from mental and addictive illnesses, including children, adolescents, adults and the elderly. Services offered by PIW include inpatient, partial and intensive outpatient hospitalization, and group treatment programs for substance abuse and addiction. 
As reported by US News, the Psychiatric Institute of Washington had 2,641 admissions and 1,766 outpatient visits in 2011. The hospital employed five physicians and dentists, twenty-two registered nurses, and ten practical nurses on its full-time medical staff. The hospital's part-time medical staff in 2011 included forty registered nurses and six practical nurses. PIW does not have a surgical unit or offer emergency room services. 
PIW's focuses on aiding " People with Integrity and Willingness to share in the healing process and guide those we serve on the path to health".
Inpatient Services.
PIW is primarily an inpatient center. Focusing on the needs and goals of the client, the hospital offers each admitted individual an opportunity to grow and co-pilot his or her own treatment plan. Patient's admitted into the hospital undergo a standard number of evaluations and staff assignments before being placed on a specific unit. This includes an assessment from the Nursing staff upon first arrival, a psychiatric evaluation, and a complete history and physical exam. Patients are also informed of the rules and regulations of the hospitals and encouraged to ask for clarification at any point along their course of treatment. 
Patients are assigned a social worker as well as a "treatment team" consisting of the social worker, physician, and nurse. In order to give patients a sense of normalcy, every patient receives a complete program schedule for the unit he or she is placed on and an orientation to the unit's group therapy model. 
The Psychiatric Institute of Washington offers six inpatient programs: Adult Psychiatric Services - Detox & Psych units, Child Services, Adolescent Services, The Center, and The School. Each of these programs target specific age and mental health need. As evident from the units' names, PIW serves not only adults seeking mental health support, it also has the capacity to treat younger populations in distress.
Outpatient Services.
Despite a general focus on inpatient care, PIW does offer two outpatient programs to patients who do not qualify for in-hospital care. The Day Center serves patients suffering from daily anxieties while The Urgent Care Center, a newly established program in partnership with the Department of Mental Health and D.C. Superior Court provides immediate mental health assessments and treatment to defendants with mental health needs, as identified by judges, attorneys, and Pre-Trial Services Agency staff. Both programs are group therapy focused.

</doc>
<doc id="31224861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224861" title="List of Departures episodes">
List of Departures episodes

This is a list of episodes from the OLN adventure travel television series "Departures". The list is ordered by the chronology of the air date.

</doc>
<doc id="31224863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224863" title="Battle of Pengcheng">
Battle of Pengcheng

The Battle of Pengcheng was fought in Pengcheng (present-day Xuzhou, Jiangsu, China) in 205 BC between the kingdoms of Western Chu and Han, led by Xiang Yu and Liu Bang respectively. The Han forces were unprepared and suffered heavy losses. Several of Liu Bang's family members were captured and some of his allies defected to Chu as a result of his defeat.
Background.
In the spring of 205 BC, Xiang Yu was putting down rebellions in the Qi kingdom, following all the way to the northern coast of the Shandong peninsula a campaign of terror: burning homes; burying alive prisoners-of-war; capturing women, the weak, and the elderly. Tian Heng, brother of Tian Rong, the slain former ruler of Qi, gathered tens of thousands of soldiers and rebelled in Chengyang (in present-day Qingdao, Shandong). At the beginning of summer, Tian Heng installed Tian Rong's son Tian Guang as King of Qi. Xiang Yu was unable to dislodge him, but planned on dealing with Qi first before returning his military attention to Han.
With Xiang Yu thus occupied, Liu Bang collected a force of 560,000 troops from his subordinate lands, and marched east to attack Chu. En route, he encountered Peng Yue, who joined his cause upon promise of a fiefdom in Wei. As opposed to combining forces, Liu Bang sent Peng Yue's 30,000 troops to pacify the surrounding area. Liu Bang's army entered Xiang Yu's capital of Pengcheng (present-day Xuzhou, Jiangsu) apparently unopposed, looting its valuables and taking its women, but discipline was lax and each day found the Han troops deeper in their cups.
The battle.
Hearing of the fall of Pengcheng, Xiang Yu ordered the bulk of his forces to maintain the attack on Qi, while he personally led 30,000 crack troops to retake the capital. He encamped about ten miles from the city, in present-day Xiao County, Anhui. At dawn, Xiang Yu launched an attack on Pengcheng, and by noon had broken the unprepared Han army.
Routed, the Han infantry fled into the nearby Gu (穀) and Si (泗) rivers, where over 100,000 of them were killed by Chu soldiers. The remaining troops fled south to high ground, but were cornered by Chu forces by the Sui (睢) river, where another 100,000 Han troops drowned, their corpses damming up the river.
Liu Bang escaped the city with a handful of mounted bodyguards, heading to nearby Pei to collect his family. Xiang Yu also dispatched troops to Pei in an attempt to capture Liu Bang's family. His family had all fled, but Liu Bang encountered on the road his eldest daughter and eldest son Liu Ying. The Chu army coerced a local into leading them to two of Liu Bang's family: his father Liu Taigong and wife Lü Zhi. These two Xiang Yu captured and placed in his army as hostages. One account states Liu Bang's mother was also captured.
A famous and possibly fictional account of Liu Bang's flight portrays him as so fearful that he thrice dumps his children out of his chariot in order to move faster, and it is only the repeated intervention of Xiahou Ying that secures the children's escape.
Aftermath.
Although he had won a stunning reversal, Xiang Yu returned to a capital that had been plundered by the occupying Han armies. Faced with a starving civilian population, Xiang Yu decided against pursuing Liu and instead shared with his military provisions with the populace. Although his decisive victory had turned general opinion against Liu, the failure to exploit this strategic advantage meant that Xiang Yu ultimately missed his opportunity to end this mortal threat.
Liu Bang gradually collected his lost forces, but did not retain his gains in Chu lands. Most of his family remained hostages of Xiang Yu. His allies lost faith in him; Sima Xin and Dong Yi abandoned him for Chu. Xiang Yu gained in reputation and power, but continued to deal with problems in Qi.

</doc>
<doc id="31224871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224871" title="Ilesa Dynamos F.C.">
Ilesa Dynamos F.C.

Iléṣà Dynamos F.C. is a Nigerian football club, in the town of Iléṣà, in Osun State. They play in the third level of professional football in Nigeria, the Nigeria Amateur League Division 1.
After finishing 2nd in their second division group in 2010, they were promoted to balance fixtures in the Amateur Division I when other teams could not make their games.
They were involved in a melee in July 2011 that led to five life bans and their ground banned from being used after fans and players attacked referees after a league game. The bans were commuted in February 2012 after they were relegated back to the second division.

</doc>
<doc id="31224873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224873" title="Spaceman (Bif Naked song)">
Spaceman (Bif Naked song)

"Spaceman" is the first single by Canadian singer Bif Naked from her third album, "I Bificus". The song peaked at #36 on Canada's "RPM" singles chart.
Boomtang Boys Mix.
In 1998, Canadian group The Boomtang Boys created a remixed Dance version of the song, which reached #2 on the Canadian Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31224876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224876" title="2011 Sony Ericsson Open – Women's Singles Qualifying">
2011 Sony Ericsson Open – Women's Singles Qualifying

This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 Sony Ericsson Open.

</doc>
<doc id="31224878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224878" title="FlowRider (Dreamworld)">
FlowRider (Dreamworld)

FlowRider is a sheet wave FlowRider attraction at the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.
History.
In early 2006 construction began for the FlowRider. It was constructed on part of the site of the former Thunderbolt roller coaster which was removed in 2004. On 23 June 2006, the attraction had its soft opening which was attended by the attraction's designer Tom Lochtefeld as well as several surfers, snowboarders, wakeboarders and skateboarders. The next day, on 24 June 2006, the attraction officially opened to the public. The original Thunderbolt station was converted into a merchandise shop, changing rooms and toilets. It was later redeveloped to provide an internal gate through to WhiteWater World. At the time of opening, it was Australia's first and only FlowRider. 
The FlowRider later formed part of the marketing initiative ""Adrenalin Alley"" which was launched in 2009. It incorporates the after-hours use of the FlowRider, AVPX and V8 Supercars RedLine.
Operations.
Throughout most of the day at Dreamworld, the FlowRider operates in bodyboard mode. Groups of 15 riders share a 30 minute session on the FlowRider (with the wave split in two to allow for 2 riders at a time). A single stand-up session operates daily. This session runs for an hour and is designed for those who want to utilise the full FlowRider on a stand-up flowboard. On selected Friday nights after the park closes, Dreamworld also operates the NightRider. Similar to the stand-up sessions during the day, these sessions run for an hour each and are designed for those who want to utilise the full FlowRider on a stand-up flowboard.
Competitions.
The FlowRider at Dreamworld has also played host to a variety of local, national and international competitions including: 

</doc>
<doc id="31224905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224905" title="El rifle implacable">
El rifle implacable

El rifle implacable ("The Unforgiving Rifle") is a 1965 Mexican western film directed by Miguel M. Delgado. It stars Antonio Aguilar, Flor Silvestre, Olivia Michel, Víctor Junco, Tito Junco, and Crox Alvarado. It centers around two recently orphaned sisters who hire a wrongly-accused man to help them to overcome a group of bandits.

</doc>
<doc id="31224913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224913" title="Markus Strömbergsson">
Markus Strömbergsson

Markus Strömbergsson (born April 26, 1975) is a Swedish football referee. Strömbergsson currently resides in Gävle. He was a full international referee for FIFA between 2006 and 2012. He became a professional referee in 1996 and has been an Allsvenskan referee since 2003. Strömbergsson has refereed 147 matches in Allsvenskan, 63 matches in Superettan and 47 international matches as of 2013. He is the brother of Martin Strömbergsson.

</doc>
<doc id="31224916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224916" title="Cayuga Nature Center">
Cayuga Nature Center

The Cayuga Nature Center (CNC) is an educational institution addressing nature and environmental issues. It is located on the west side of Lake Cayuga in Tompkins County, New York.
History.
CNC traces back to the Cayuga Preventorium, which was a tuberculosis sanitarium founded in 1914. As tuberculosis cases diminished, the Preventorium turned to cardiac cases. In the 1930s, Mr. and Mrs. Ernest T. Paine donated 75 acres of land at the current CNC site to serve children recuperating from cardiac and other debilitating illnesses. In 1939, the Works Progress Administration built the main building on the site. The Preventorium closed during World War II, and after the war, Cornell University used the facility for student housing. Decades later, the Board of Cooperative Educational Services (BOCES) used the site for outdoor education programs. Based on the success of the program, BOCES, Onondaga Nature Centers, Inc., and the Ithaca Public Schools joined to form the center in 1975. The CNC was incorporated in 1981.
CNC experienced funding difficulties, and in January 2011, CNC and the Paleontological Research Institution agreed to merge, with programs continuing at both locations.
Programs.
CNC offers classes and camps focusing on nature appreciation and environmental issues. Programs are available for all ages from kindergarten to adult and cover subjects as varied as maple sugaring and wilderness survival skills. Classes typically feature six weekly one-hour sessions. Day camps are held in winter, spring, and summer. CNC also offers "TEAM Challenge", a rope climbing / rope bridge course.
Visitors can view a six-story tree house, a seasonal butterfly garden, a turtle pond, and exhibits in the main lodge building. The lodge is heated by a biomass furnace designed and installed as a Cornell engineering student project. Thirty animals are kept in captivity as a zoological collection. The center includes a 120-acre campus with five miles of hiking trails three miles south of Taughannock Falls State Park on the west shore of Lake Cayuga.
CNC is a part of the Ithaca Discovery Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="31224930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224930" title="The Avenue (web series)">
The Avenue (web series)

The Avenue is a Canadian reality-based web series starring YouTube personality Gregory Gorgeous. The series debut on January 25, 2011. The first season was distributed primiarily on Blip with the second season only on YouTube. Scott Fisher, Jacob Morris and Stéphane Paré serve as executive producers and are all in their fourth year of study at Ryerson University.
The second season of The Avenue premiered in November 2012 with a larger concept. New characters had been added including Gregory's next door neighbor, Shannon. As well as his love interest, Jay. Aspiring model, Jessica, did not return for a second season. The new season came under fire for being scripted and unreal after a slip in editing on an episode exposed a producer yelling "this is for the show!". The high drama rated web series ended in March 2013 with a reunion special. A third season is unlikely.

</doc>
<doc id="31224936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224936" title="Whistle Down the Wind (1989 musical)">
Whistle Down the Wind (1989 musical)

Whistle Down the Wind is a musical based on the novel by Mary Hayley Bell, adapted by Richard Taylor and Russell Labey, with music and lyrics by Richard Taylor.
The story.
Act one.
December in the late 1950s in a Lancashire village. Out of the darkness and howling wind a voice sings "Behold! For the day of the Lord will come." (PROLOGUE) Someone strikes a match - it is Eddie, a labourer on the Bostock farm, who is carrying a sack from which kittens' miaows can be heard. He drops the sack into a canal. Cathy, Nan and Charles, Mr. Bostock's children, watch him from a hiding place and, as Eddie exits, they rescue the kittens. Caring for them will be difficult; they can not show them to Dad, as he will give them back to Eddie (THE KITTENS). Charles tries unsuccessfully to give one to his friend, Jackie Greenwood, and to a Salvation Army woman. However, as nobody wants them, they eventually decide to keep all three in a barn on the farm.
Outside the barn, Cathy, the eldest, makes the other two promise not to tell anyone of the kittens' existence. Nan asks who is going to look after them and Charles, echoing the bland sentiments of the Salvation Army woman, says that "Jesus will". Cathy tells him not to be daft as Jesus can not look after them because he is dead. Nan, shocked, says that He will come and get Cathy for saying such things. Cathy is not impressed and, after sending the others to the farmhouse, enters the barn. She goes to a large mound of hay and buries the kittens' basket in it. Suddenly a man bolts upright from out of the hay and stares wide-eyed at Cathy. He is delirious and his clothes and hands are all bloody from a wound in his side. Shocked, Cathy asks who he is and he, also shocked, utters "Jesus Christ!" and collapses. Cathy freezes in horror.
In the farmhouse, Dad is talking to Auntie, his sister; since the death of his wife she has looked after him and the children. Cathy rushes in, shaken from her experience. She tells Nan that she has seen Jesus in their barn. Over dinner Cathy sings of what she has discovered, wondering why Jesus has picked on her (CATHY'S PRAYER).
The next morning, Cathy and Nan, having refused to tell Charles their secret, go to the barn. The Man is asleep and Nan remarks that she does not feel afraid (FUNNY, IT DOESN'T FEEL STRANGE). Charles suddenly enters. He has come to play with his kitten and sees The Man. Cathy and Nan tell him that The Man is Jesus and make him swear not to tell. The Man wakes up and, after accepting some food, falls back to sleep.
Sunday morning. Parents and children arrive at the Church and are greeted by the Vicar. The children are sent off to Sunday School. We learn from the village policeman that an escaped murderer is on the loose in the district (WHEN YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A MURDERER). At the Sunday School, Miss Lodge, the teacher, is asked by Cathy what would happen if Jesus came back —could they stop Him being crucified a second time? Miss Lodge says that people would have to try harder this time to stop that from happening and that they should praise Him and follow Him.
The three children get more food for The Man and laugh about how everyone will want to come to see Jesus once they know that He is in their barn — even THE MAYOR OF BURNLEY! At the barn door there is gathered a group of other children — Charles has obviously not been able to keep the secret. Cathy makes the other children swear not to tell and they file into the barn. The Man is getting better, but is still in pain from his injury. Cathy asks Charles to go back to the house to get some cloth to clean The Man's wound. The other children, after shyly saying hello, ask him to tell a story. He is handed a magazine and a bible, but chooses to read from the magazine. Whilst he is doing so, the children sing of how they will protect Jesus from danger this time (HYMN). Suddenly there is a noise outside — it is Mr. Bostock with Charles. The children hide The Man in the hay as Dad and Charles enter. Dad wants to know what the children are doing there, but on seeing the bible thinks that Cathy has been reading to them. He asks Cathy if she has been talking to any strangers and warns her to be careful. When Dad goes The Man emerges from the hay and Cathy asks the children to go because he is tired. The Man thanks Cathy for not giving him away and she helps to clean his wounded side. He asks her why the children are helping him. She replies that it is because they love Him. As she turns to go, she gives him a picture of Jesus that she took from the Sunday School, and says that it is a picture of Him.
Act two.
December 23. The villagers are still alarmed about the convict and Dad lectures Cathy once more about not speaking to strangers (OPENING SEQUENCE). In the school play-ground, Raymond, the village bully, on being told by the children that they have seen Jesus, captures and bullies Jackie Greenwood into saying three times that he has not seen Him.
In the barn Cathy gives The Man more food. He asks for cigarettes, somewhat to Cathy's surprise, and says that he must be going soon. Charles enters — he has come to see Spider, his kitten. On finding it dead he runs outside, distraught, followed by Cathy. He tells her that The Man cannot be Jesus as He would never have let the kitten die; Cathy comforts Charles and tells him that it is Jesus — she just knows (SPIDER).
At the Sunday School that evening the children enact out THE NATIVITY to their bored parents, who seem more interested in criticising each other than watching the play. After polite applause everyone attends to the tea that has been laid out. Cathy, thinking of Charles' kitten, asks the Vicar why it is that Jesus lets some things die before their time. The Vicar gives a very evasive reply and Charles and Cathy realise that he does not know. The other children ask Cathy if they can go and see The Man and, using the distraction caused by DAD'S PARTY PIECE (Ione On A Moor), they quietly slip out.
At the Barn the twelve children sit around The Man and eat their party cakes. The Man is moved by the love and faith that the children have for him. At that moment there is a loud banging on the door — it is Raymond. He has heard them talking to The Man, and, when they refuse to let him in, tells them that "they will be sorry" and dashes off. The Man, realising that Raymond has gone to tell the adults about him, says that he will be going later that evening. The children are upset, and as they silently eat their cakes The Man and Elizabeth, one of the children, put their feelings into words (ANGELS). However, when the children start to exit, The Man says that he might not go tonight and they leave happier. The Man, realising that he has not got time to escape, locks the door from the inside and gives vent to his emotions (I DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE WAITING TO HEAR).
At the farmhouse Cathy, Nan and Charles burst in on Dad and Raymond. Raymond leaves, having told Dad that he heard a strange man talking to the children in the barn. The children tell Dad that they will only tell him The Man's identity if he promises to keep it secret. After some wavering he makes the promise, but when they tell him it becomes obvious that he does not believe them (THE SECRET). The phone rings — it is the Police Inspector, whom Raymond has also told — and Cathy, on impulse, darts out of the door to warn The Man of his imminent arrest.
Standing outside an opening at the back of the barn Cathy pleads with The Man to leave before it is too late, but he refuses (PLEASE, JESUS ... ). She throws some cigarettes and matches through the hole and says that she will stay with him. Police cars, their sirens blaring, can be heard approaching. Nan appears at Cathy's side and tells her to go to the front of the barn where there is frenetic activity. Policemen and the children's fathers are all rushing about in the darkness trying to find some light. When they find a torch the light shows up a mass of children's faces. All the children of the village have amassed themselves in front of the barn door to stop the arrest (FOLLOW! FOLLOW! FOLLOW HIM!). They resolutely refuse to move and link arms. Suddenly a policeman notices that smoke is pouring out of the barn's roof and raises the alarm (THE FIRE). Despite the fire the children huddle calmly and defiantly together. When the fire has been extinguished, Dad ushers his children into the gutted interior where there is no sign of The Man. There is, however, something Dad wants them to see and he shines his torch on to a large cross which has been painted on the wall. The children realise that this is The Man's goodbye and that he is now finally free. (HYMN - Reprise).
About the staging.
"Whistle Down the Wind" on stage largely follows the pattern set by the film and is extremely episodic. It is vital that the telling of the story is not halted for scene changes — they must be swift. My advice is to keep it simple and rely heavily on lighting. A stone cross war memorial will suggest the village; a table, chairs and perhaps a dresser on an open stage "closed-down" with lighting is more than enough for the kitchen. The original production used a three-sided truck, one side of which was on hinges and could be opened. It was the hinged side that contained within it the barn door — when this side of the truck was closed we were outside the barn and when it was open, inside the barn. The truck could also be wheeled round to show other sides for the Sunday School etcetera. The barn was collapsible so that it looked like a skeleton of rafters for the final scene, but there are simpler ways of convincing the audience of the fire — just strike the hay, props and agricultural paraphernalia you might be using as set dressing. For the big production numbers, which are set in a variety of simultaneous locations, use a lot of cues, bouncing at the appropriate moments from one area to another to define the street, the church, the Sunday school stage etcetera. 
The young cast members must act and sing like real children caught up in a story they accept with a natural innocence and faith. Cathy must establish herself as the leader of the "Disciples" and must be an actress capable of the emotional outpourings at the end of the play. The Man should be an attractive actor with both charm and menace — he must be believable as both a murderer and Jesus Christ. 
At no time in the play is the audience told, one way or the other, if The Man is the convict or Christ. Providing the "Disciples" are not too holy, knowing or artificial they will be convincing. After two years of touring the original production not a single member of the audience ever said to me that they didn't believe that the children would believe the man in the barn was Jesus. I'm convinced that is the way to make this great story hold its magic.

</doc>
<doc id="31224941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224941" title="Arthur Broadhurst">
Arthur Broadhurst

Arthur J. Broadhurst (born September 28, 1964 in Methuen, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 15th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1993–2007. He was a candidate for Essex County Register of Deeds in 2006, but lost in the Democratic primary.

</doc>
<doc id="31224945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224945" title="Michael Aw">
Michael Aw

Michael Aw is a marine photographer and author based in Sydney Australia. He was born in Singapore; his professional career is in advertising and marketing working mainly in main stream advertising agencies based in Australia, USA and Singapore. He quit in 1991 to shoot professionally focus mainly on marine life. 
Michael is a fellow of the Explorer Club NY and he also a Fellow of the International League of Conservation Photographers.
In 2006, he won the underwater category of Wildlife Photographer of the Year. He also won the gold diver awards for the slide show and portfolios categories at the World Festival of Underwater Pictures 2010 held at France.

</doc>
<doc id="31224949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224949" title="Kiyoo Mogi">
Kiyoo Mogi

Dr is a prominent seismologist. He is regarded as Japan's foremost authority on earthquake prediction and is a former chair of the Japanese Coordinating Committee for Earthquake Prediction (CCEP). Mogi is also a former Director of the University of Tokyo's Earthquake Research Institute, was a professor at Nihon University and is professor emeritus at Tokyo University. Due to the seismic activity in Japan, Mogi has also taken an interest in safety of nuclear power in Japan.
In 1969 Mogi predicted that there was a possibility of a shallow magnitude 8.0 earthquake in the Tōkai region of Japan, an area that has experienced a number of previous large earthquakes. Following the passing of the Large-Scale Earthquake Countermeasure Act, in 1978 Mogi was appointed to the newly created Earthquake Assessment Committee (EAC) for the expected Tokai earthquake, charged with warning the government if the quake was imminent. He went on to chair the ECA from 1991 until he resigned the post in 1996 after failing to persuade the government of the need to take uncertainty into account when issuing warnings.
Nuclear power.
Following damage at the Kashiwazaki-Kariwa Nuclear Power Plant due to the 2007 Chūetsu offshore earthquake, Mogi called for the immediate closure of the Hamaoka Nuclear Power Plant, which was built close to the centre of the expected Tōkai earthquake despite his 1969 prediction. Previously, in 2004, he had stated that the issue 'is a critical problem which can bring a catastrophe to Japan through a man-made disaster'.
Mogi doughnut hypothesis.
In 1969 Mogi proposed a hypothesis for earthquake prediction, now known as the 'Mogi doughnut hypothesis', that major earthquakes tend to occur in an unusually seismically calm area surrounded by a ring of unusually high seismic activity. The Mogi doughnut is one of several pattern hypotheses that have been proposed.
Mogi model.
In 1958 Mogi was responsible for a major advance in understanding the dynamics of volcanos. After studying data from several sources, he concluded that a mathematical solution developed by Yamakawa in 1955 could be used in the modelling of the deformation of a volcano caused by pressure changes in its magma chamber. The 'Mogi model' (also known as the 'Mogi-Yamakawa model') subsequently became the first commonly used quantitative method in volcanology, and is still widely used today.

</doc>
<doc id="31224970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31224970" title="Hibbertia fasciculata">
Hibbertia fasciculata

Hibbertia fasciculata, is a small shrub that is endemic to south-eastern Australia. 
It grows to 40 cm tall and has clusters of narrow leaves that are 4 to 6 mm long and about 0.5 mm wide. Yellow flowers appear from winter to early summer.
The species was first formally described in 1817 by botanist Robert Brown in Augustin Pyramus de Candolle's "Regni Vegetabilis Systema Naturale". 
The species occurs in heath and dry forest in Queensland and New South Wales.
The subspecies "H. fasciculata" var. "prostrata" (Hook.) Hook.f. - Bundled Guinea-flower, which occurs in Victoria, South Australia and Tasmania, is synonymous with "Hibbertia prostrata".

</doc>
<doc id="31225065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225065" title="Asian Water Polo Clubs Championships">
Asian Water Polo Clubs Championships

The Asian Water Polo Clubs Championships are the premier Asian water polo club competitions run by the Asia Swimming Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="31225094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225094" title="Ministry of Tourism (Egypt)">
Ministry of Tourism (Egypt)

The Ministry of Tourism of Egypt is part of the Cabinet of Egypt and is responsible for tourism in Egypt. The current minister is Hisham Zazou, appointed in 2012.
Tourism is one of the most important sectors in Egypt's economy. More than 12.8 million tourists visited Egypt in 2008, providing revenues of nearly $11 billion. The sector employs about 12 percent of Egypt's workforce.

</doc>
<doc id="31225158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225158" title="Core catcher">
Core catcher

A core catcher is a device provided to catch the molten core material (Corium) of a nuclear reactor in case of a nuclear meltdown and prevent it from escaping the containment building.
A core catcher is made from a special concrete ceramic to prevent material from trickling through; it also a cooling mechanism to cool down the core material. The core catcher of the European Pressurized Reactor (EPR) has 170 m² expansion area and a mass of 500 t.
Examples of reactor types with core catchers, besides the EPR, are: 
The AES-91, a project of Atomstroyexport based on the VVER-1000 design, will be the first type of nuclear plant that has a core catcher as standard equipment. Thus, in early 2011, the two reactors of the Chinese Tianwan Nuclear Power Plant are the only working nuclear reactors with core catchers.
The Russian physicist who helped design the Russian core-catcher model during the Chernobyl crisis, Leonid Bolshov, has stressed that the experience of Chernobyl has encouraged Russia to create reactors with core-catcher safety devices in new nuclear plants. 

</doc>
<doc id="31225168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225168" title="Larry Monroe">
Larry Monroe

Lawrence James Monroe (born June 20, 1956) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Chicago White Sox in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="31225189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225189" title="Daniel Roberts (Royal Navy officer)">
Daniel Roberts (Royal Navy officer)

Daniel Roberts (18 February 1789 – 18 February 1869) was an officer in the Royal Navy who made a series of cameo-like appearances in the lives of Lord Byron, Percy Bysshe Shelley, Edward Ellerker Williams, and Edward John Trelawny. Roberts is best known for having designed and supervised the construction of Shelley’s schooner, "Don Juan", and Lord Byron’s yacht, "Bolivar".
Early life.
Daniel Roberts was born on 18 February 1789 in Shoreham-by-Sea, West Sussex, England; he died on his 80th birthday at three in the afternoon on the Island of La Maddalena off the northern coast of Sardinia. When his father Captain Henry Roberts died, Daniel was seven. Henry left his wife Harriet to care for their eight children. Nothing has been written about Daniel Roberts' childhood until, at the age of 10, he enlisted in the Royal Navy as a Volunteer 1st Class.
Naval career.
His career in the Royal Navy followed an atypical path. On enlisting (at the age of 10) in July 1799, he was assigned to the 64-gun (a ship captured from the Dutch, on 22 October 1795), stationed at the Nore (where the River Thames meets the North Sea). He spent four months aboard "Oversyssel" and then, as his service records reveal, he was discharged from the ship in November 1799. Roberts’ naval Memorandum of Service is blank for 21 months until it shows he was assigned as an A.B. (Able seaman) to HMS "Royal William" at Portsmouth. Since the Navy preferred new enlistees be at least 13 years old, the most probable scenario is Roberts spent the next 20 months in a private school, which specialized in teaching navigation and preparing boys for sea. After seven weeks aboard "Royal William", he was on shore for eight months until 13 June 1802, when he was ordered aboard , where at age 13 he served as a midshipman. After Roberts had served on board the "Blenheim" for four months, the vessel was ordered to be stored, and he was again on shore for another eight months.
On 28 June 1803, he was assigned to the recently launched , a 36-gun frigate. It was here, under a prominent naval personality, Captain Henry Blackwood, that at the age of 15, Daniel Roberts first experienced naval warfare in an assault on French vessels off Boulogne pier, in October 1804. After serving for almost two years under Captain Blackwood, and five months before "Euryalus" was to make a significant contribution to Nelson’s fleet at the Battle of Trafalgar, Roberts was again on shore for three months. On 8 April 1805, he joined a hospital ship, HMS Trent for one month; then back on "Euryalus" for just two weeks and five days until on 23 August 1805 he joined another 36-gun frigate, , stationed off the French coast in the Bay of Biscay. This ship did not join in the Battle of Trafalgar; instead she was part of the fleet, which was blockading the French coast. In August 1806, young midshipman Roberts was provided a few days of excitement when his ship almost captured Napoléon Bonaparte’s younger brother Jérôme Bonaparte, captain of the "Vétéran".
Roberts served aboard "Penelope" until 26 May 1807, when Captain William Robert Broughton took command of , a larger 74-gun Ship of the Line. How many members of his crew Captain Broughton took with him to "Illustrious" is not known; that Roberts, at the age of 18, was one of them, is proof that his Captain valued his service. Upon joining "Illustrious", Roberts was made a Master's mate. Roberts was again on a ship that was to enter into combat. On the night of 11 April 1809, a British fleet of 25 ships attacked a powerful squadron of French ships anchored in the Basque Roads, a sheltered bay on the Biscay shore of France, bounded by the Ile d’Oléron to the west and Île de Ré to the north. The Battle of Basque Roads was initiated when the British sent several explosion ships into the Roads to blow holes in a mile-long "boom" of heavy spars and chains the French had placed to prevent enemy vessels from reaching their warships.
In the attack all but two of the French ships were driven ashore. Although the engagement was to last three days, the British failed to destroy the French fleet; however, one result of the engagement was that on 12 July 1809, Master's mate Daniel Roberts, age 20, was promoted to Lieutenant. For the next two years he was on board , a 36-gun frigate. On 10 January 1810, Roberts’ ship chased the 14-gun French privateer "Charles", but her prey was lost in a thick fog. The following day, the "Phoenix" discovered her adversary anchored close to the French coast. A boarding attack was launched and, when "Charles", resisted, one British marine was killed and another wounded. In this engagement Roberts was in charge of one of the boats that carried marines and seamen who boarded the "Charles". The attack succeeded, and on board the prize they found two English masters and 13 seamen who had been taken out of vessels a few days previously.
This event led to Roberts’ court martial. His conduct during the battle was criticized by a marine officer of "Phoenix", Lieutenant William Murray, who wrote a letter of accusation to the captain of the ship. Consequently, a commission to judge Roberts’ professional behaviour was formed. On 17 April 1810 not only were all the accusations discharged, his behaviour was considered worthy and honourable while Murray’s accusation were labelled as “totally unfounded and subversive of the discipline of the Service.” 
Within the next few months, "Phoenix" sailed to the East Indies where she would remain for almost a year. On 1 April 1811, Roberts rejoined HMS "Illustrious", where in 1809 he had served as a Masters Mate under Captain William Robert Broughton; now he was wearing the uniform of an officer. Three months later, his ship was engaged in combat with the enemy in the invasion of Java.
Roberts’ posting to "Illustrious" was short lived, for on 5 October 1811, he was sent home with the dispatches. Roberts’ service record does not indicate where he was stationed from 17 May 1812 until he was posted to a ship of his own on 20 September 1815. Although he held the rank of Commander it was proper for his crew to call him "Captain". The entry in his Memorandum of Service, following that of promotion to Commander, was his assignment to on 20 September 1815. This vessel was built in 1797, at Gravesend, as a 38-gun frigate. When Roberts joined the ship, she was a troopship. The Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815) occurred three months before he took command of "Hydra"; the war had ended. After being in the Baltic for two months before the Treaty of Paris (1815) was signed, he sailed for the West Indies, on 12 November 1815.
Roberts commanded his troopship for two years. He returned to England from Canada between 3 September 1817, when the following article was published in ‘’The Edinburgh Observer’’ and 12 November 1817, when he was discharged from the "Hydra".
Retirement.
There is no written record of Roberts’ activities between the time of his discharge, 12 November 1817, and when he was in the south of France in May 1820. The funds he accumulated from his eighteen years in service plus his retirement pension was enough for him not to feel the need to find employment. It was common for military officers with small incomes to retire to the continent where the cost of living was much lower than in England. France, Switzerland and Italy were favourites. Roberts documented his retirement in a series of Journals, which are now housed in the Keats-Shelley Memorial House in Rome. 
These Journals are covered in detail in "A Biography of Captain Daniel Roberts" by Donald Prell. They cover a span of 20 years, from 18 May 1820 to 3 August 1840, with the exception of the time Roberts was with Byron, Shelley and the other members of their Pisan Circle.
Roberts, Shelley and Byron.
Daniel Roberts was responsible for the design and construction of Shelley’s schooner, "Don Juan", and Lord Byron’s yacht, "Bolivar". A week before Shelley and Williams were drowned in a storm off of the coast of Italy (8 July 1822), Roberts had sailed with them in the "Don Juan" on the exact reverse course they were taking when the tragedy occurred. In June 1823, Byron asked Roberts to join his entourage, which was to sail to Greece. Roberts declined the invitation, preferring to remain in Genoa; he did however join with Byron’s banker in locating and arranging for the charter of the merchant brig "Hercules", the vessel that took Byron to Missolonghi, where he died in 1824. Throughout his life, Roberts maintained a close friendship with Edward Trelawny. It was Trelawny who asked Roberts to design the boats for the poets. A year following the fatal accident, Roberts purchased the remains of the schooner "Don Juan’" and after making repairs, he sailed it single-handed for several years. After losing the "Don Juan" Roberts purchased the "Bolivar", which Byron had sold prior to going to Greece. These voyages are fully covered in his "Journals". Roberts also continued corresponding with other members of the "Pisan Circle", such as Mary Shelley and Claire Clairmont.
Last years.
The final entry in Roberts’ Journal IV:
Roberts did not record when he was no longer living on his boat. From the above journal entry, it is known he acquired a vineyard sometime before August 1840. Records indicate it was located on the northeastern shore of La Maddalena.
His last years are covered by Authors Giovanna Sotgiu and Alberto Sega in their book describing a group of English citizens who lived in La Maddalena during the 19th century. A chapter is dedicated to Captain Roberts. 
In 1857, when Edward Trelawny was preparing to publish his "Recollections of the last days of Shelley and Byron", he asked Roberts to make a sketch of Casa Magni, where Shelley had been living at the time of his drowning. Trelawny not only included Robert’s sketch, he published a number of extracts from Robert’s letters.
Roberts was to live another eleven years. He died on his 80th birthday, 18 February 1869 at 3:00 in the afternoon. No details can be found as to the cause of his death.
Timeline.
02-18-1789 Captain Roberts was born in Shoreham, West Sussex, England.
03-23-1789 New Shoreham baptism records show that a Daniel Roberts, son of Henry and Harriett Roberts was baptized on that date.
08-25-1796 Henry Roberts, Captain of the UNDAUNTED, died in the West Indies, where he caught yellow fever.
07-30-1799 Daniel Roberts entered the Navy as Volunteer First Class. He spent four months on board the OVERYSSEL 64; stationed at the Nore under Capt. John Bazely.
08-01-1801 Spends eight weeks at Portsmouth, aboard HBMS ROYAL WILLIAM, under Capt. Fras. Pickmore.
06-01-1802 From June to Oct. 1802, he served as Midshipman on board BLENHEIM, under Capt. Philip Turner Bower.
06-01-1803 Joined the newly launched HMS EURYALUS 36, under Captain Hon. Henry Blackwood; staying with the ship until 5 January 1805.
08-01-1805 Stationed on the coast of France in the PENELOPE 36 and, as Master's Mate, in the ILLUSTRIOUS 74, both commanded by Capt. Wm. Robt. Broughton.
07-12-1809 Promoted to the rank of Lieutenant.
07-14-1809 Serves almost two years on the Home and East India stations aboard the PHOENIX 36, under Capt. Zachary Mudge.
05-17-1810 Court Martial accusations discharged, his behavior was considered worthy and honorable
04-01-1811 Returns to the ILLUSTRIOUS 74, bearing the broad pendant of his former Cap. Broughton (under whom he was involved in taking the island of Java).
09-30-1811 Nominated Acting-Commander of the BARRACOUTA sloop; a vessel, he was never able to join.
10-05-1811 Sent home the with the dispatches from Java.
05-16-1812 Promotion to the rank of Commander.
09-15-1815 His last appointment was to HMS HYDRA, a troopship in which he served on the Baltic, Newfoundland, Halifax, and West India stations.
11-07-1815 He is listed as Captain of the HYDRA; its location was in the Baltic.
09-13-1817 The HYDRA store-ship, Captain Roberts has taken the 25th regiment from the Leeward Islands to Halifax; the 2nd battalion 60th regiment is likewise to be removed thence, by her, to Canada.
11-12-1817 Discharged from HMS HYDRA.
09-20-1820 According to Edward John Trelawny: When Roberts and Trelawny were staying at a hotel in Lausanne, Roberts made the acquaintance of two English ladies when he was sketching in the town. When introductions were made, it turned out that they were Mary and Dorothy Wordsworth.
12-26-1821 In a letter to Trelawny, Edward E. Williams wrote: “Have a boat we must and if we can get Roberts to build her, so much the better.”
01-15-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “Trelawny called, and brought with him the model of an American schooner on which it is settled with S& myself to build a boat 30 feet long, and T[relawny writes to Roberts in Genoa to commence on it directly.” 
01-25-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “Trelawny heard from Roberts about the boat.” 
02-05-1822 In a letter from Trelawney to Roberts (who was in Genoa), Trelawny issued instructions regarding building a tender for Byron’s yacht, the "Bolivar".
02-12-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “Trelawny called and brought with him Roberts’ drawing of Lord B’s boat.” 
03-21-1822 From Williams’ Journal:“Trelawny called. He has heard from Roberts that S ‘s boat will be launched today.”
03-27-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “A letter from Roberts to T informs us that the boat will not be finished in less than 12 or 14 days.”
03-30-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “Wrote to Roberts at Genoa about a house.” 
04-01-1922 From Williams’ Journal: “Heard from Roberts about the boat.”
04-05-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “Called on Trelawny with a letter from Roberts – S[helley’s] boat to be finished in 10 days.” 
04-08-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “Heard from Roberts at Genoa---no Houses to be had in an eligible situation nearer than Villa Francha near Nice.”
05-17-1822From Williams’ Journal: “Unbent the main sail and took it to Magliana to see if the letters could be erased which Lord B in his contemptible vanity or for some other purpose begged of Roberts to inscribe on the boat’s main sail---all efforts useless.” 
06-13-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “The Bolivar with Roberts and Trelawny on board are taking her round to Livorno. Roberts and Trelawny dined here.” 
06-14-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “Went with Roberts to try the river for trout about 10 miles up from Santa Stephano.”
06-15-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “Roberts and T. dined and in the evening Mary and Jane [Williams go on board.”
06-16-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “Roberts unrigged the Don Juan and got the masts on deck---his men employed putting tressel-trees to the masts as he intends to fit 2 topmasts to her.” 
06-17-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “Consulted with Roberts and S about a false stern.” 
07-01-1822 From Williams’ Journal: “At 2 stretched across to Lerici to pick up Roberts and ½ past found ourselves in the offering with a side wind. At ½ past 9 arrived at Leghorn---a run of 45 to 50 miles in 7 hours and a half.” (This day Roberts that sailed with Williams was just one week before Shelley and Williams were drowned while returning to their home near Livorno.)
09-14-1822 From Pisa, Roberts writes to Mary Shelley about finding the "Don Juan".
09-18-1822 Roberts writes to Trelawny informing him about his letter of 14 September to Mary Shelley. He then describes the condition of the "Don Juan", what Byron wishes to do with it and his plans for Byron’s yacht the "Bolivar".
09-21-1822 Byron writes to Trelawny: “ Thank you, I was just going to send you down some books, and the compass of the "Don Juan," which I believe belongs to Captain Roberts.”
05-15-1823 Roberts is with Trelawny, sailing along the coast of Italy.
05-26-1823 Roberts writes to Trelawny: “Between you and me, I think, there is small chance of Byron’s going to Greece; so I think from the wavering manner in which he speaks of it; he said the other day, ‘Well, Captain, if we do not go to Greece, I am determined to go somewhere and hope we shall all be at sea together by next month, as I am tired of this place, the shore, and all the people in it.’“
06-01-1823 Count Alfred D’Orsay produces a sketch of Roberts during a visit to Lady and Lord Blessingtion’s residence in Genoa.
06-05-1823 Roberts writes to Trelawny about Byron selling the "Bolivar" to Lord Blessington, and about Byron’s desire for Trelawny’s opinion of what steps to take to prepare for a trip to Greece.
06-18-1823 Roberts and Charles F. Barry (Lord Byron’s Banker)arrange for the charter of the merchant Brig "Hercules", the vessel, which took Byron to Greece where he died in 1824.
06-30-1823 Declines Lord Byron’s invitation to join the Greek expedition.
10-20-1825 From Cephalonia, Ionian Islands, Trelawny writes to Roberts about having been shot and almost killed.
1833-1840 Spends 8 years charting Western Italian waters from Nice to La Maddalena.
06-25-1845 Accepts the rank of Captain (Rtd.) at half-pay of £191 12s 6d.
12-01-1857 Sends Trelawny a woodcut of the Villa Magni, which contains a sketch of a boat, which Trelawny incorrectly identifies as Shelley’s yacht, the "Don Juan".
12-07-1857 Trelawny acknowledges Roberts letter of 1 December, and points out to Roberts, his errors in depicting the Villa Magni.
04-02-1858 Receives a letter from Trelawny acknowledging his place in Trelawny’s "Recollections of the Last Days of Shelley and Byron".
09-19-1858 Receives a letter from Trelawny asking “How are you?---In your last letter you were slowly recovering from what you called an attack of apoplexy but what I should have called Epilepsy.” In the letter, Trelawny asks Roberts: “ What sort of Isle is Maddalena -- extent, population--sort of inhabitants---productions? - how good and how situated”
02-18-1869 Roberts dies in La Maddalena,age 80.

</doc>
<doc id="31225201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225201" title="Tell Khazzami">
Tell Khazzami

Tell Khazzami or Tell El Khazzami is a small prehistoric, Neolithic Tell, about in diameter, located around Southeast of Damascus in Syria. It was destroyed by the construction of Damascus International Airport.
Four soundings were taken in a rescue mission in 1967 by Henri de Contenson who produced the first report in 1968. A single level of occupation was found with compartmentalised buildings made of regular shaped bricks and lime plaster floors with small hearths. Relatively advanced flint sickles and blades were found along with obsidian blades and relatively few arrowheads. Mortars and a base made of basalt were found. These finds made de Contension suggest that harvesting of cereals would have been more important than hunting for the inhabitants. Extensive amounts of pottery was recovered from the site including hand finished flat base dishes, deep bowls and jars. Vessels had handles, knobs, decoration and often given a red wash. These finds made de Contension suggest a dating of the site similar to the later Neolithic stages of Byblos, he dated the site to the late 5th millennium BC.

</doc>
<doc id="31225253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225253" title="Atelier LWD">
Atelier LWD

Atelier LWD was an architecture studio led by Guy Lagneau, Jean Dimitrijevic and Michel Weill that was active from 1952 to 1985. 
It later took the name of "Atelier d'Etudes Architecturales" (ATEA) (Architectural Studies Workshop) with the addition of Paul Cordoliani, Henri Coulomb (1927–2006), Renzo Moro and Ivan Seifert (1926–2008). 
The studio originated many public buildings in France and Africa.
History.
Guy Lagneau (1915–1996) and Michel Weill (1914–2001) met in the studio of Auguste Perret in the National School of Fine Arts established in 1943. They participated with Perret in the reconstruction of Le Havre from 1946, work that was later declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. 
Laigneau was particularly influenced by Scandinavian architecture, especially steel.
Jean Dimitrijevic (1926–2010) joined the agency in 1947 after meeting Guy Lagneau in a Fine Arts workshop he was running. He graduated in 1957 and completed his training at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1959. He then became a partner of the workshop.
The architects created the ATEA in association with a consulting firm, "Société d'études techniques et d'aménagements planifiés" (SETAP). ATEA-SETAP was involved in many planning operations in Africa, including Guinea, Mauritania and Senegal. At the same time, they accepted numerous public commissions from museums, prefectures, and shopping centers in France. Lagneau also participated as an individual in preparation of master plans and urban development in the Paris region between 1962 and 1965, contributing to creation of new towns.
On many occasions the agency worked with Jean Prouvé in creating innovative metal structures and with the designer Charlotte Perriand for interior design.
Key achievements.
The partners were responsible for many significant projects, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="31225269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225269" title="They Don't Change Under Moonlight">
They Don't Change Under Moonlight

"They Don't Change Under Moonlight" is the debut mini album from Welsh rock band Tiger Please which was released 2 November 2009.
Reception.
Reviews for the album have been generally very positive. The Digital Fix called the album "a phenomenal piece of work that has come out of absolutely nowhere", particularly praising Leon Stanford's voice and the band's ability to be ambitious to a grandiose extent yet personal and heartfelt at the same time. Punktastic similarly praised Stanford's vocals and remarked that "There have been so many talented Welsh bands in the last few years and Tiger Please are among the best."
Track listing.
All songs written by Tiger Please.

</doc>
<doc id="31225274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225274" title="Toba medicine container">
Toba medicine container

A Toba medicine container is an object that was used to hold herbs and medicines by the Toba people. They were generally carved from bone, as well as cherry wood. Then fashioned into a variety of shapes such as animals & deities. Their stoppers resembled Bali Timur statues, with a serpent head atop a Batak warrior. 
The outside of the container showed a calendar, marked to represent the days of use and non-use for the tube's contents. 

</doc>
<doc id="31225305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225305" title="Determinantal point process">
Determinantal point process

In mathematics, a determinantal point process is a stochastic point process, the probability distribution of which is characterized as a determinant of some function. Such processes arise as important tools in random matrix theory, combinatorics, and physics.
Definition.
Let formula_1 be a locally compact Polish space and formula_2 be a Radon measure on formula_1. Also, consider a measurable function "K":Λ2 → ℂ.
We say that formula_4 is a determinantal point process on formula_1 with kernel formula_6 if it is a simple point process on formula_1 with a joint intensity or "correlation function" (which is the derivative of its factorial moment measure) given by
for every "n" ≥ 1 and "x"1, . . . , "x""n" ∈ Λ.
Properties.
Existence.
The following two conditions are necessary and sufficient for the existence of a determinantal random point process with intensities ρk.
Uniqueness.
A sufficient condition for the uniqueness of a determinantal random process with joint intensities "ρ""k" is
for every bounded Borel "A" ⊆ "Λ".
Examples.
Gaussian unitary ensemble.
The eigenvalues of a random "m" × "m" Hermitian matrix drawn from the Gaussian unitary ensemble (GUE) form a determinantal point process on formula_13 with kernel
where formula_15 is the formula_16th oscillator wave function defined by
and formula_18 is the formula_16th Hermite polynomial.
Poissonized Plancherel measure.
The poissonized Plancherel measure on partitions of integers (and therefore on Young diagrams) plays an important role in the study of the longest increasing subsequence of a random permutation. The point process corresponding to a random Young diagram, expressed in modified Frobenius coordinates, is a determinantal point process on ℤ + with the discrete Bessel kernel, given by:
where
For "J" the Bessel function of the first kind, and θ the mean used in poissonization.
This serves as an example of a well-defined determinantal point process with non-Hermitian kernel (although its restriction to the positive and negative semi-axis is Hermitian).
Uniform spanning trees.
Let G be a finite, undirected, connected graph, with edge set "E". Define "Ie":"E" → "ℓ2(E)" as follows: first choose some arbitrary set of orientations for the edges E, and for each resulting, oriented edge "e", define "Ie" to be the projection of a unit flow along "e" onto the subspace of "ℓ2(E)" spanned by star flows. Then the uniformly random spanning tree of G is a determinantal point process on "E", with kernel

</doc>
<doc id="31225307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225307" title="2011 FIFA Women's World Cup Group A">
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup Group A

Group A of the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup consisted of the teams from , , and . The games were played on 26 June, 30 June and 5 July 2011. The top two teams advanced to the knockout stage.
Standings.
All times are CEST (UTC+2).

</doc>
<doc id="31225345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225345" title="2011 FIFA Women's World Cup Group B">
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup Group B

Group B of the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup consisted of the teams from , , and . The games were played on 27 June, 1 July and 5 July 2011. The top two teams advanced to the knockout stage.
Standings.
"All times are CEST (UTC+2)."

</doc>
<doc id="31225368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225368" title="Nearest referent">
Nearest referent

The nearest referent is a grammatical term sometimes used when two or more possible referents of a pronoun, or other part of speech, cause ambiguity in a text. However "nearness", proximity, may not be the most meaningful criterion for a decision, particularly where word order, inflection and other aspects of syntax are more relevant.
The concept of nearest referent is found in analysis of various languages including classical languages Greek, Latin and Arabic, and may create, or resolve, variant views in interpretation of a text.
There are other models than nearest referent for deciding what a pronoun, or other part of speech, refers to, and reference order distinguishes pronoun-referent structures where:
This is also described as anaphoric reference (anaphor, previous referent) and cataphoric reference (cataphor, following referent).

</doc>
<doc id="31225385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225385" title="2011 FIFA Women's World Cup Group C">
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup Group C

Group C of the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup consisted of the teams from , , and . The games were played on 28 June, 2 July and 6 July 2011. The top two teams advanced to the knockout stage.
Standings.
All times are CEST (UTC+2).

</doc>
<doc id="31225422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225422" title="Antonio Lupatelli">
Antonio Lupatelli

Antonio Lupatelli (born in 1930 in Busseto, Italy) is an Italian illustrator who works under the pseudonym of Tony Wolf. 
Lupatelli is best known for his illustrations of children's books, including his work in:
Lupatelli has worked with Fratelli Fabbri Editore, Payot Film, Fleetway, and Dami Editore.

</doc>
<doc id="31225423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225423" title="2011 FIFA Women's World Cup Group D">
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup Group D

Group D of the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup consisted of the teams from , , and . The games were played on 29 June, 3 July and 6 July 2011. The top two teams advanced to the knockout stage.
Standings.
All times are CEST (UTC+2).

</doc>
<doc id="31225435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225435" title="Villanova, Ribagorza">
Villanova, Ribagorza

Villanova () or Vilanova d'Éssera (, ) is a municipality located in the Ribagorza comarca, province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 154 inhabitants.
The town is located at the foot of the Sierra de Chía range. There are yearly religious celebrations on April 29th in honor of Saint Peter Martyr.

</doc>
<doc id="31225446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225446" title="John Granara">
John Granara

John Granara is an American attorney who is the former chief legal counsel to the Middlesex County Sheriff’s Office. He served as Special Sheriff of Middlesex County, Massachusetts following the resignation and suicide of Sheriff James DiPaola. Granara had been the chief legal counsel to the Middlesex County Sheriff's Department since DiPaola took office in 1997. Granara was a coordinator for DiPaola's 1996 election campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="31225479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225479" title="Expedition of Muhammad ibn Maslamah">
Expedition of Muhammad ibn Maslamah

The Expedition of Muhammad ibn Maslamah took place in July, 627AD in Muharram, 6AH.
Expedition.
A platoon of thirty Muslims under the leadership of Muhammad bin Maslamah was despatched on a military mission. It headed for the habitation of Bani Bakr sept. The Muslims attacked that sept and dispersed them in all directions. Plenty of spoils (war booty) were captured and the Muslims returned with the chief of the tribe of Bani Hanifa, called Thumamah bin Uthal Al-Hanafi. 
Muhammad's Companions tied him to a pole of a Mosque. To a question posed by Muhammad, Thumamah used to say: "If you were to kill someone, then you would have to choose one of noble descent, if you were to be gracious, then let it be to a grateful man and if you were to ask for money, you would have to ask for it from a generous man." He repeated that three times on three different occasions. On the third time, the Muhammad ordered that he should be released and later he converted to Islam.
During this raid the Muslims killed ten people while others fled offering no resistance. The Muslims captured 150 camels and 3000 goats as booty
Islamic sources.
Biographical literature.
This event is mentioned in the works of the Muslim Jurist Tabari. The Muslim jurist Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya also mentions the event in his biography of Muhammad, Zad al-Ma'ad. Modern secondary sources which mention this, include the award winning book, Ar-Raheeq Al-Makhtum (The Sealed Nectar). The event is also mentioned by the Muslim jurist Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya in his biography of Muhammad, Zad al-Ma'ad.
The event is also mentioned by the Muslim scholar Ibn Sa'd in his book about Muhammad's military campaigns., he wrote about the expedition:
Hadith literature.
In this expedition, the chief of the Banu Hanifa tribe was captured, he was called Thumamah bin Uthal Al-Hanafi. The Sahih Muslim hadith collection also mentions this:

</doc>
<doc id="31225487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225487" title="Silvestre De León">
Silvestre De León

Silvestre De León (1802–1842) was the second son born to the influential De León family in Victoria, Texas. He became the third alcalde of Victoria. De León joined his brother-in-law Plácido Benavides to fight with Stephen F. Austin at the 1835 Siege of Béxar. He joined the rest of the De León family in New Orleans in 1836 after Brigadier General Thomas Jefferson Rusk ordered the evacuation of Mexican families from Victoria. In 1842, he returned to Victoria and was murdered by persons unknown. Recorded Texas Historic Landmark number 6544 placed at Evergreen Cemetery in 1972 acknowledges Silvestre De León's contribution to Texas.
Early life.
Silvestre De León was born in 1802 in Texas, the third child of empresario Martín De León and his wife Patricia de la Garza De León. Older brother Fernando De León had been born in Mexico in 1798. Sister Candelaria, who married José Miguel Aldrete, was born in Texas in 1800. They would eventually be joined by two more brothers: Felix (1806) and Agapito (1808). Five more sisters would also be born into the family: Guadalupe (1804) who married Desedrio Garcia; Maria (1810) who married Rafael Manchola; Refugia (1812) who married José María Jesús Carbajal; Augustina (1814) who married Plácido Benavides; and Francisca (1818) who married Vincente Dosal.
Alcalde.
Along with his family, Silvestre was one of the co-founders of De León's Colony, becoming a colonial merchant, as well as co-founder of the city of Victoria, Texas.
De León became the third alcalde of Victoria. Martín De León had been the first alcalde, while Silvestre's brother-in-law Plácido Benavides had been the second. After Benavides built the fortress known as "Plácido's Round House" (or the "Round Top House") the two brothers-in-law engaged in several attacks against the Tonkawa and Karankawa Indian tribes.
War against Santa Anna.
When Antonio López de Santa Anna revoked the 1824 Constitution of Mexico and installed his own political machine in 1833, many Tejanos were opposed to the regime. Some of the De León extended family, specifically Benavides, Carbajal and brother Fernando, joined with John Joseph Linn to fight Santa Anna's dictatorship. De León contributed livestock and equipment for the Texan resistance. In 1835, he joined the Benavides unit and fought under Stephen F. Austin during the two-month Siege of Béxar campaign to drive out Martín Perfecto de Cos.
Louisiana exile.
Although many Mexicans were opposed to Santa Anna's regime, they were not necessarily in favor of Texas becoming an independent state. On July 20, 1836, Brigadier General Thomas Jefferson Rusk ordered Mexican families in the Victoria area to be evacuated in an attempt to stem any assistance being given to Santa Anna. The Carbajal, Benavides and De León families left for New Orleans, forced to abandon their money and possessions.
Death.
In 1842, De León returned to Victoria to try to reclaim the family's property, and was murdered by persons unknown. He is buried at Evergreen Cemetery in Victoria, Texas. Recorded Texas Historic Landmark number 6544 placed at Evergreen Cemetery in 1972 acknowledges Silvestre De León's contribution to Texas.
Personal life.
Silvestre De León married Rosalie de la Garza. The couple had two sons, Martín and Francisco. Upon Silvestre's death, the sons were adopted by Silvestre's brother Fernando De León. On April 12, 1833, they received a 4,428-acre tract of land from the Mexican government. The town of Nursery, Texas was founded in 1884 on part of that land.

</doc>
<doc id="31225498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225498" title="Turner Broadcasting System Norway">
Turner Broadcasting System Norway

Turner Broadcasting System Norway AS is one of Turner's European divisions. The company is based Oslo, the capital of Norway. The company owns and operates Cartoon Network Norway, Boomerang Norway, and TCM Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="31225533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225533" title="Clarence Petersen de la Motte">
Clarence Petersen de la Motte

Clarence Petersen de la Motte (born 1892, date of death unknown), commonly C. P. de la Motte, was a sailor originally from Bulli, New South Wales. During his early career, he served aboard the New Zealand barque "Northern Chief" and the steamship "Warrimoo". From 1911 to 1914, during the Australasian Antarctic Expedition, he served as Third Officer aboard the SY "Aurora", under John King Davis. Expedition Commander Douglas Mawson named Cape De la Motte, in George V Land, after him. De la Motte joined the "Aurora" again in 1916, and served as First Officer during the rescue of the Ross Sea component of the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition, for which he was later awarded the Polar Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="31225558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225558" title="Stan Taffel">
Stan Taffel

Stan Taffel (born December 6, 1962) is an American stage and television actor, and host.
Early career.
Taffel appeared in a series of televised PBS specials, titled "The News In Revue" that premiered as an off-Broadway stage show in the theater district. Taffel co-directed the show with creator Nancy Holson. This first special was nominated for five Emmy Awards, of which it won three.
Taffel was a founding member of the comedy improvisation troupes, "Noo Yawk Tawk," which debuted at the Village Gate in New York City and "Speakeasy," at the West End Comedy Club. Others in the group included Miguel Sierra, Marc Kudisch, Debra Wilson and Richmond Shepard. He has toured doing stand up comedy from coast to coast, and provided several voices for the animated series, "The Toysters."
Los Angeles.
In Los Angeles, Taffel appeared on "Make Me Laugh," performing stand up comedy and impersonations and was a cast member of "New Jewish Cuisine," a comedic cooking show.
Taffel conducted archival interviews with Jane Russell, Angie Dickinson, George Hamilton, Piper Laurie, Charles Lane, Don Murray,
Taffel is the vice president of Cinecon, a motion picture festival held annually in Los Angeles, and will be hosting the documentary, "Gable: The Ties That Bind," for Tegan Summer Productions.
Emmy Awards.
Taffel won three consecutive Emmy Awards in 1993, 1994 and 1995 for his performances in "The News In Revue."
Archivist.
In the profession of film archiving, Taffel's personal collection contains almost 1,500 prints of rare motion pictures and television shows, many of which are the only surviving copies. He has provided film clips and other information to documentaries including "Buster Keaton: A Hard Act To Follow", "The Tramp and The Dictator", "Laurel & Hardy: Their Lives and Magic".

</doc>
<doc id="31225595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225595" title="Morag Bellingham">
Morag Bellingham

Morag Bellingham (née Stewart) QC is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera "Home and Away", played by Cornelia Frances. She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 7 June 1988. She appeared until 1989 and briefly appeared in 1993. She returned yearly from 2001 until 2009 and again from 2011 to 2013. Frances has expressed her desire to once again become a permanent cast member. Morag has been described as an antagonistic, independent and cold character. Morag is portrayed as a tough lawyer. She has been involved in storylines such as adopting out her illegitimate daughter Bobby Simpson, being widowed, helping her brother Alf Stewart through his many legal battles and a friendship with troubled teen Aden Jefferies. She has been well received by certain critics for her feisty persona, whilst others have criticised her professional skills.
Casting.
Frances has played the role of Morag on and off for twenty-three years. During flashbacks to the character's past, Morag was portrayed by Eve Kelman, Vanessa Goddard and Pheobe Taylor-Bush respectively. After an eight year hiatus, in 2001 it was announced that Frances had returned to the serial and Morag would be "more evil" than ever. In 2002 Frances again returned to the serial. In 2008, Frances signed another six month contract with the serial. She also revealed that fans miss her when she is absent. Discussing this, Frances said "I really adore playing her and I get a lot of people saying 'when are you coming back?" Of her return Frances said "I've played Morag for so long that I have no trouble slipping back into character. I know her so well." In 2009 executive producer Cameron Welsh revealed that Frances was back filming and she was "very much part of plans going forward" for the future. In 2010, she signed another six month contract and appeared again from January 2011. Frances admitted she wanted to become a permanent cast member. On 14 April 2011, it was announced that Frances had finished filming her final scenes. A show spokesman said "Morag is a much-loved Summer Bay character and we're sure we'll see her back." Frances returned for another guest stint in early 2012.
Character development.
Frances has branded Morag "a worthy and antagonistic character." She also describes her as an "independent, amazingly strong woman, but I think she now realises family is what matters most, and she'd probably like to stay in the Bay." Holy Soap said Morag is known for her "barbed comments and cold, cruel demeanour". Morag has softened over time around certain characters but Frances said "she still holds her own, and she's still this very strong independent person." Frances believes that Morag should never find happiness with a lover because "she's put so much doom on everybody". A lot of things have happened to her, that are ultimately her own fault. Frances added: "So it's that nemesis that keeps coming back for the things she has done to other people". Morag's main connection in the serial has been with her brother Alf Stewart (Ray Meagher). There has been a lots of fights and antagonsim between the pair. Morag later softens towards him. Frances said: "She's been through so many mishaps with, underneath she will always care for him and look after him." She holds a great deal of "love and concern" for him which Morag is "reluctant to show a lot of the time". Frances felt it perhaps not the best development because she enjoyed their "wonderful fights".
In an early storyline Morag had a daughter with Donald Fisher (Norman Coburn) and had her adopted. It was later revealed she was existing character Bobby Simpson (Nicolle Dickson). However, when the truth comes out Morag and Bobby do not want to know each other. Frances liked the fact she gave her baby away and no one knew about. She also enjoyed playing scenes in which Bobby calls her mother and Morag says, "Don't you dare call me that!" Frances also added: "I enjoyed a lot of the original storylines where Morag was fighting against her family." However, Dickson was felt the storyline was frustrating because felt Bobby was turning her back on her foster parents.
In 2001, Morag returns to preside over the trial of Kane Phillips (Sam Atwell) for his sexual assault of Dani Sutherland (Tammin Sursok). Her ruling proved unpopular with many of the residents and caused a further rift between herself and Alf. In 2008 Morag becomes central to storylines with Aden Jefferies (Todd Lasance). Morag wants to know why he has problems because she had "taken a bit of a shine to him". Aden initially doesn't want her help. Whilst interviewed by Digital Spy Frances stated: "There's lots of lovely dialogue that goes on between him and I - I take him under my wing and I find out what's wrong with him." He eventually looks up to her and moves in with her. Frances said: "So I sort of adopt him in a way." She was also about to have a romance storyline. Frances revealed; "there's another storyline which sees an ex-lover of mine come in as a detective". This was Ross Buckton (David Downer), they later resume their relationship and eventually marry.
Morag's 2011 return was planned for six months worth of episodes. Morag returns for husband Ross' funeral and say a "sad farewell". Her other reason is to get the murder charges against Alf dropped. As Morag had no legal work for over one year, the sudden change leaves her confused "about what she actually wants out of life". Frances said of her return "a lot of things happen that she gets involved with". Morag gets involved in Nicole Franklin's (Tessa James) plans to give her child to Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons). Frances said Morag's "very much in the middle of Nicole, Marilyn and Sid" saying illegal things, Morag becomes involved because "She's very concerned with what is legal and illegal." Morag was initially estranged from niece Roo Stewart (Justine Clarke). Later Roo (now played by Georgie Parker) returns, Morag remembers the young Roo and they "renew hostilities". Frances said "she doesn't think a leopard ever changes its spots. She knows more about Roo than Roo does herself." As the storyline progresses they eventually get along better. Frances said "There isn't the same antagonism between the characters that there was in the past". As Roo is now an adult Morag "gives in a bit".
Storylines.
Morag grew up in the bay and was close to brother, Alf. It is learned before her appearance that Morag is a magistrate. Her niece, Roo contacts her to do a background check on Alf's new fiancee Ailsa Hogan (Judy Nunn) which reveals Ailsa had severed time in prison for murdering her abusive father. In June 1988, Morag returns to Summer Bay to attend Roo's wedding to Frank Morgan (Alex Papps) and soon learns that Roo is pregnant and Frank is not the father. She advises her to come clean to Frank about the baby's paternity and Ruth does so on the day of the wedding. After Roo becomes a pariah, Morag lets her stay with her in the city but this does not last when Roo learns Morag is conspiring with Brett Macklin (Gerry Sont) to get Roo to sign over custody of their unborn child to him.
Morag reappears for the funeral of her nephew, Alan Fisher (Simon Kay) and later enjoys sparring with Colleen Smart (Lyn Collingwood), a former schoolmate who constantly gets on her nerves. Shortly after she return to the city. It is later revealed that Morag had a secret child with Donald and then put the child up for adoption. Her daughter is then revealed to be Bobby. She is angry to find out Donald is her father, she is even more angry when she finds out Morag is her mother. Morag and Bobby never got on. Morag is later involved in a plane crash at sea. Morag survives but is in a coma. Bobby decides to wait until she wakes up to tell her how much she hates her. Following the collapse of her marriage to Richard (John Bonney), Morag settles in the bay permanently. Danny Farnsworth (Justin Connor) takes a job working for Morag as her assistant under an assumed name but he has an ulterior motive; to gain revenge of her for sentencing his father to prison, resulting in his suicide. Danny begins playing mind-games with Morag and when she exposes him, he loses control and tries to kill her but Donald and Bobby are able to calm Danny down. After this, Morag returns to the city and puts her house on the Market. When Bobby dies in a boating accident 1993, Morag returns and tries to gain custody of Bobby's adoptive son Sam Marshall (Ryan Clark). When Ailsa finds out about her plans she manages to stop her.
In 2001, Morag decides to come back to Summer Bay to see her family. She is now a judge and she presides over the trial of Kane for his sexual assault of Dani. She returns in 2002, this time staying longer. She comes and goes again. During her stay, Morag found herself set against Angie Russell (Laurie Foell). Their many battles nearly resulted in Morag getting sued after accusing Angie of attempted murder. Morag also attended to Alf's health after he insisted Ailsa was back from the dead. While trying to get Alf medical attention, Morag nearly died after he pushed her down the stairs. Fortunately, Alf got the help he needed and a brain tumor was removed in surgery. Morag later decides to move back into the town forever and the following year she faces Dani in court once more when she is on trial for running over Kane and sentences her to imprisonment after Dani is found guilty. After that, Morag was involved in a series of scandals. In 2005 she decides to help the locals over power Project 56. Josh West (Daniel Collopy) becomes the mayor and along with Amanda Vale's (Holly Brisley) help, they try to enforce the project. Along the way, Josh frames Alf for money embezzlement, seeing Alf sent to jail. Morag then declared a battle on Project 56. However, Morag's interference in Josh's plots nearly cost Morag her life. After deciding to back off, Josh is then shot dead. Morag finds out her friend Barry Hyde (Ivar Kants) is Josh's murderer and questions him with Peter Baker (Nicholas Bishop) listening in. After Peter arrested Barry, Morag then felt sorry for him and defended Barry in court, gaining him bail.
Barry's son Kim (Chris Hemsworth) is later wrongfully accused of sexual assault and Morag is first on the scene to defend him. She also defends Robbie Hunter (Jason Smith) over allegations he killed his grandfather. Then she helps Brad Armstrong (Chris Sadrinna) on his drug and assault charges after he is framed by Johnny Cooper (Callan Mulvey). Morag also becomes suspicious of Martha's new boyfriend Ash Nader (Ben Geurens and tries linking him to Johnny's gang. In 2007, Morag learnt that Ash was married and attempted exposing the truth. Ash told Martha himself but managed to convince her to stay with him. After Morag managed to set everyone in town against Ash, Martha accused Morag of giving Bobby up for own selfish reasons and for not being able to understand love. Hurt, then returns to the city to work as a magistrate, wanting to redefine herself in her work. She later returns to help her great-nephew Ric Dalby (Mark Furze) when he is charged with the murder of Rocco Cooper (Ian Meadows). She then exposes Jazz Curtis (Rachel Gordon) after she lies about her mother's death and inheritance.
In 2008, Morag was involved in several scandals. Morag is horrified to learn that Colleen is actually her half-sister. She starts being mean to Colleen for interfering in Stewart family business. They argue on different occasions, until Morag goes to far. She later makes up with Colleen and lets her have a role in their life. She later befriends Aden, she becomes determined to help him with his issues. Over time the pair bond and she is only one who can make him see any sense. He confides to her about all the abuse of his childhood, she then looks out for him whenever he gets into any trouble. Morag also managed to save Miles Copeland (Josh Quong Tart) from losing his teaching position after a disturbed parent attempted to frame him for child abuse. She then solves Sam Holden's (Jessica Chapnik) murder. She then sees an old friend, police officer Ross Buckton, who is planning on retiring. She starts a relationship with him and they eventually marry. He is then diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, she leaves with Ross so he can receive the correct treatment in the city. She comes back to support Martha after her husband Jack Holden (Paul O'Brien) is murdered. She then exposes Bridget Simmons's (Joy Smithers) lies, then leaves again.
She returns in 2011 for Ross's funeral and to support Alf after he is accused of Penn Graham's (Christian Clark) murder. She tries to expose Will Smith (Zac Drayson) as the killer, but her interference results in Will escaping town and later getting arrested. Alf's name is later cleared. She then meddles with Nicole's plans to give her baby away, she has a go at her and reminds her that she gave her own child up. Morag then finds out about Elijah (Jay Laga'aia) and Grace Johnson's (Clare Chihambakwe) sham marriage, she agrees to keep quiet and helps Grace. Morag realises that Charlie Buckton (Esther Anderson) is dating Darryl Braxton (Steve Peacocke) and manages to stop Charlie from revealing the relationship to her friends and family. Once Alf returns from his trip away, Morag takes a job in the city. She briefly returns to the Bay for Charlie's funeral and takes Ruby Buckton (Rebecca Breeds) home with her. Morag becomes concerned that Ruby has not grieved for Charlie properly and encourages her to return to the Bay. Sid Walker (Robert Mammone) contacts Morag and brings her back to Summer Bay to help defend his daughter Sasha Bezmel (Demi Harman) when she is accused of the murder of her ex-boyfriend Stu Henderson. Morag defends Sasha in court and she is found not guilty. Morag later helps Ruby, when a bag of marijuana is found in her bag at the airport. Morag returns for Roo's wedding to Harvey Ryan (Marcus Graham). Following the wedding, Morag stays for a few days but Alf gets fed up of her and Colleen's presence and tells them to leave.
Reception.
"Inside Soap" said that "in the ever changing world or Summer Bay, It's comforting to know that one thing remains constant. Every so often, usually when a resident is in legal trouble, we're treated to an extended visit from the formidable Morag Bellingham." During an interview, members of the Wellington Lions were shocked that their interviewer did not know who Morag was. Emily Dunn writing for "The Sydney Morning Herald" branded Morag a "fearsome judge". The "Sunday Mercury" branded her as "the frightening Morag". Whilst the "Sunday Mail" call her a "tough lawyer". Keily Oakes writing for the BBC stated that Frances is "known to many Australians as the feisty Morag." Brian McFlarne in his book "The Oxford Companion to Australian Film" said Frances's "commanding presence and steely voice" were ideally suited to play a "soap opera super-bitch type" like Morag. In his book, "Super Aussie Soaps", Andrew Mercado describes Morag as the "snooty sister" out of the Stewart siblings. He also opined that Bobby's situation was made worse by discovering she had Morag as a mother.
Holy Soap describe Morag's most memorable moment as being "Finally finding true love when she married old flame Ross". The "Liverpool Echo" chose Morag finding out the truth about Ash as their television pick of the day. Ausculture placed Morag seventh on their list of Australian soap villains. They called Morag "cold-hearted" and said she will be remembered for "being the least liked resident of Summer Bay. After it was revealed that Bobby was in fact her love child with Donald Fisher (shagging Flathead? How could you, Morag!), she lost her husband and her credibility." They added "Morag has sent many loved Summer Bay residents to jail, but rather than one specific moment, it is Morag's reliable day to day bitchery that earns her a place on this list. Plus her name is Morag - names don't get much more evil!" Upon her 2011 return Jaci Stephen writing for the "Daily Mail" said Alf should have expected to go back to prison because "this woman is several pouches short of a kangaroo court". She later branded Morag "Australia’s most incompetent solicitor" and said she would not be surprised if she had not actually qualified. She then criticised Morag when Will dumps her on the side of a road. She said "best place for her, if you ask me".
Bree Hoskin writing for LGBT website Gaydar, included Morag on their list of "Top Ten Soap Bitches". Describing her they stated: "This statuesque woman in all her shoulder-padded, Amazonian-bodied, terracotta-haired glory had a lump of coal where her heart should have been." They also said she has mellowed since finding love. They concluded they too would have felt bitter in her position, quipping "her super-bitch demeanour was all down to the fact that her last love interest had been Donald Fisher." Natalie Reilly of "The Sun-Herald" compiled a list of the five most "twisted sisters" on television and listed Morag as second. She added: "Until his snivelling, villainous elder sister, Morag, turned up to wreak havoc, the genial patriarch of Summer Bay, Alf Stewart, was doing very well." Reilly also included her in her list of "television divas" and said Frances was perfect to play "Summer Bay's schemer, the judgemental Judge Bellingham". Greg Hassall of "The Sydney Morning Herald" said Morag's 2011 return was the latest in a trend of bringing back "legacy characters" such as Marilyn and Roo. Carena Crawford from "All About Soap" named her "ballsy Bellingham" the "super solicitor".

</doc>
<doc id="31225607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225607" title="Paul Adams (Massachusetts politician)">
Paul Adams (Massachusetts politician)

Jared Paul Adams is an American politician who represented the 17th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2011 to 2013. Adams is a member of the Republican Party.
Early Life and Career.
Adams grew up in Andover, Massachusetts and is the third of five children of Steven and Lynette Adams. He attended Andover schools and graduated from Andover High School in 2000, where he played on the tennis team all four years. He trained in classical piano for a decade and studied at the Oberlin College Conservatory of Music during high school. Adams received the Eagle Scout award from the Boy Scouts of America in 1999 and his final project involved rejuvenating the wildlife area and the trails surrounding Haggetts Pond, the town of Andover water supply. He also helped build several of the original trails through the Nat Smith AVIS conservation property, and continues to assist with their preservation. He went on to graduate with honors from Suffolk University with a B.S. in International Relations and Economics.
Adams has been involved with dozens of local, state and national campaigns from a young age, including Mitt Romney and Scott Brown. Since 2008, has represented the Second Essex & Middlesex State Senatorial District on the Massachusetts Republican State Committee. The district includes the towns of Andover, Tewksbury and the City of Lawrence. Adams’ responsibilities on the Committee involve recruiting and advising candidates at all levels of public office as well as helping craft the state party’s overall policy platform. 
Adams worked in South America for two years as part of a faith-based volunteer program. He continued this focus throughout his undergraduate studies and also spent two summers working with the Washington, DC-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs, where he was responsible for publishing policy positions in the U.S. and South America. His work involved many issues, including: Colombia’s decades-old civil war, the joint drug control policy between the U.S. and Colombia, and the contentious post-Cold War Surface to Air Missile Crisis in Nicaragua and Costa Rica. Adams is fluent in Portuguese and Spanish.
Before running for State Representative, Adams spent three years as a public policy consultant and advisor.

</doc>
<doc id="31225619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225619" title="Taste of Chaos 2010">
Taste of Chaos 2010

Taste of Chaos 2010 is the sixth installment of the Taste of Chaos tours created by Warped Tour founder Kevin Lyman. The 2010 tour was the first year that the United States and Canada didn't have any tour dates due to the tour being stopped there by creator, Kevin Lyman, because he felt that it "run its course in America". The tour began in on November 15, 2010 in Helsinki, Finland and ended on December 13, 2010 in Nottingham, England.

</doc>
<doc id="31225645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225645" title="Dustin Jamieson">
Dustin Jamieson

Dustin Jamieson (born May 26, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently a free ageent. He was drafted into the National Hockey League by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. He spent his junior career with the Guelph Storm and the Sarnia Sting of the Ontario Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="31225724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225724" title="James J. Lyons, Jr.">
James J. Lyons, Jr.

James J. "Jim" Lyons, Jr. is an American politician who represents the 18th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="31225793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225793" title="Cecilia Chailly">
Cecilia Chailly

Cecilia Chailly harpist and composer well known and appreciated by the Italian public, as well as reinventing the harp and propose it as a modern, charming and expressive instrument. She has written a successful novel, takes a column in Donna Moderna magazine and she also loves to paint and to take pictures. After an important classical career she began to compose her music, with whom she has performed in major Italian Opera Theaters (including La Scala and the Auditorium of Milan, the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino, the Teatro Comunale di Bologna, etc.) in the most important festivals and in major television and radio broadcasts.
Raised in a musical family, daughter of the composer Luciano Chailly, sister of Riccardo conductor, has built a personal journey, breaking away from classical roots soon to experience her music, her inner world and creativity. She studied composition with Azio Corghi at the Milan Conservatory and nineteen years old she was invited by her teacher to replace her as the first harp in the orchestra of La Scala in Milan. She has worked for Giorgio Strehler's Piccolo Teatro of Milan and then began an intense career as a classical performer. With Ludovico Einaudi produced the album "Stanze" (BMG 1992) with electric harp which is the pioneer; debuted at Queen Elisabeth Hall in London and some songs become the soundtrack of the film "Fuori dal mondo" by Giuseppe Piccioni. She worked with John Cage, David Parsons, Mina, Andrea Bocelli Fabrizio De André Teresa De Sio Giorgio Conte Lucio Dalla, Ron, Morgan Planet Funk Gianni Morandi, Le vibrazioni, Alex Britti, Hector Zazou.
Sensitive to changes in generations and Eastern philosophies, in 1996 in California she recorded the album"Anima"(Warner) (feat David Darling, Andrea de Carlo, Mike Marshall) which won the Prix De Sica. Transmitted in Alitalia flights, for years the Cecilia's music and the video image become the symbol of the TV channel Rai Sat. She performed for Krizia, Laura Biagiotti, Nino Cerruti, has been testimonial for Missoni, Costume National, Fendi, Alviero Martini first class, Joshihiko Ogawa.
In 1998 she published the novel "Era dell'amore" (Bompiani), which won several awards. Some of her songs become the soundtrack to the film"Nonhosonno"by Dario Argento and"Mai più come prima"by Giacomo Campiotti, and several theatrical shows including "Felicità di una stella", a children's show represented in various European countries. In Milan she performed for the Dalai Lama and in 2000 she took part, with great success, in the concert in memory of Fabrizio De André at Carlo Felice theater in Genoa. It was the debut as a singer, which leads her to produce the album"Ama"(Sony, 2002), supported by Lucio Fabbri and his violin, including her arrangements, orchestrations, songs and experimental sounds that cross the pop, the techno, the trance and World Music.
In 2003 she was invited to the Montreaux Jazz Festival, she played in the Vatican for Pope John Paul II. In 2006, alongside Ron at the Sanremo Festival in the song "L'uomo delle stelle". In 2006 she released the album, "Alone" (Emi), described as "delightful" by Ennio Morricone and "deeply moving and meditative" by singer Sting, performed and recorded alone at home with various acoustic instruments, except the song "Living Room" with the participation of Ludovico Einaudi's piano. In 2009 she released "Istanti" (Egea), (feat Alex Britti and Stefano Secco), a crossover album that collects operatic influences, Mediterranean melodies, blues accents; Cecilia debut at the Teatro di Reggio Calabria, with four of her compositions for harp and orchestra.
In 2010 she won the International Award "Profilo Donna"; has composed a "Tarantella" for the radio program "Fegiz Files". Her concerts are a kind of "experience and developmental therapy", accompanied by texts and words that also reveal her talent as an actress and performer. Special features: on the contrary can write with her left hand. She loves nature, meditation and travel. She is currently working on a theatrical show and her new album.
Awards.
Premio Internazionale Profilo Donna 2010, De Sica, Rapallo Opera Prima, Elsa Morante Opera Prima,Reggio Calabria Opera Prima.
Novels.
"Era dell'Amore" (Bompiani 1998)

</doc>
<doc id="31225806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225806" title="Hindsight (2011 film)">
Hindsight (2011 film)

Hindsight (, lit. Blue Salt) is a 2011 South Korean film by Lee Hyun-seung, his first after a ten-year hiatus. The film is about a hitwoman who struggles with her feelings for the underworld boss who is her target. The film deals with issues of age difference, and the Korean underworld. It stars Song Kang-ho and Shin Se-kyung, and premiered at the 16th Busan International Film Festival. The film received a total of 763,776 admissions nationwide.
Plot.
Busan, South Korea, the present day. Legendary retired gangster Yoon Doo-hun (Song Kang-ho) dreams of opening a restaurant, and enrolls in a cooking class, where he gets to know Jo Se-bin (Shin Se-kyung), 20. Doo-hun then hears that his former boss, Man-gil, has died after being hit by a car; the gang's members need to find Man-gil's will to see whom he nominated as his successor, though most of them expect it is Doo-hun. Meanwhile, Se-bin's roommate Lee Eun-jung (Esom) has become indebted to some Haeundae moneylenders, who force Se-bin, in return, to spy on Doo-hun. After Eun-jung steals a suitcase containing cocaine from the moneylenders, Se-bin is ordered to kill Doo-hun but can't bring herself to do it. Instead, Eun-jung tries to run him over with a car and subsequently disappears. Doo-hun survives and takes over as head of his old gang, intent on discovering who killed Man-gil. Among various problems, he has to contend with Baek Kyung-min (Lee Jong-hyuk), an ambitious young member of the gang, and his continuing relationship with Se-bin, who is under pressure from assassination agency head Madame Kang (Yoon Yeo-jeong) to kill him.

</doc>
<doc id="31225831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225831" title="Horg Church">
Horg Church

Horg Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the southern side of the village of Lundamo, just east of the European route E6 and the Gaula River.
The wooden church was built in 1892 by the architect Carl J. Bergstrøm. The building holds 700 people. The church is part of the Horg parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.

</doc>
<doc id="31225834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225834" title="Flå Church">
Flå Church

Flå Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located in the village of Ler.
The wooden church was built in 1794 to hold up to 150 people. The church is part of the Flå parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.

</doc>
<doc id="31225841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225841" title="Hølonda Church">
Hølonda Church

Hølonda Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located near the Krokstad farm, about west of Hovin and about southwest of Korsvegen. 
The wooden church building was constructed in 1848 by the architect Christian Heinrich Grosch. It has a capacity of 250 people. The church is part of the Hølonda parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.

</doc>
<doc id="31225849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225849" title="Keel depth">
Keel depth

Keel depth (sometimes given as Depth to keel) is the depth (or draft) of water from the water surface to the keel of a submarine, its deepest part. The keel establishes a commonly defined reference point to measure to.
Keel depth is useful for determining safe operating depth in shallow water.

</doc>
<doc id="31225885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225885" title="A.C. Barnechea">
A.C. Barnechea

Athletic Club Barnechea is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Lo Barnechea, Santiago, Chile. They currently play in the Second level of Chilean football, the Primera B.
History.
The club were founded on December 23, 1929 as "Club Deportivo Santa Rosa Lo Barnechea" and changed its name to Deportivo Lo Barnechea on 1943.
It was part of the first season of the Chilean Cuarta División in 1983, it played on that division until 1988, where the team got promoted to the Chilean Tercera División finishing in 2nd place behind Municipal Las Condes
In 2010 the team played the Liguilla de Ascenso, finishing in 3rd place behind Trasandino de Los Andes and Deportes Magallanes.
In 2011 the team won the Third Division, finishing 1st on the Liguilla de Ascenso, above Fernandez Vial, Iberia Los Ángeles and Municipal Mejillones.
In 2012 it played the Chilean Primera División B, finishing in 2nd place with 66 point and won a place to play the Promotion Final against the 3rd placed team, Ñublense, first leg result was 1–1 and second leg was 2–2, Barnechea loss 7–6 on the penalty shootout and got a last hope to get promoted.
Barnechea got a place on the Relegation Playoff, they got to play against the 16th-placed team of the Chilean Primera División, Cobresal, Barnechea won the first leg with a 3–1 on Estadio Santa Laura with goals of Ignacio Caroca, Francisco Ibañez and an own-goal of Eduardo Farías, Agustín Vuletich scored for Cobresal, but lost 3–0 on Estadio El Cobre with a goal of Eduardo Martinez and two goals of Jose Miguel Cuéllar.
A.C. Barnechea still plays on the Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31225896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225896" title="Maged George Elias Ghattas">
Maged George Elias Ghattas

Maged George Elias Ghattas is an Egyptian politician with a military background. He has been Minister of State for Environmental Affairs since 14 July 2004, initially as part of the cabinet of Prime Minister Ahmed Nazif.
Education.
Ghattas graduated with a B.Sc. in Mechanical Power Engineering from the Faculty of Engineering at Ain Shams University in 1971. Joining the military on 1 February 1972, he gained a B.Sc. in Military Science from the Egyptian Military Academy in 1972.
Career.
Ghattas took part in the 6th October War against Israel and continued his career in the military. From 6 June 1996 to 5 July 1998, George worked as a military attaché in Rome, Italy. From July 1998 to 11 December 1999 he was Chief of General Stuff for Military Works and Projects Managements in Egypt. From 12 December 1999 to 20 July 2002 he was Military works Management Director. From 21 July 2002 to 13 July 2004 he Chief of the Armed Forces' Engineering Authority.
On 14 July 2004 he was appointed Minister of State for Environmental Affairs. Despite his association with the Mubarak regime, he managed to keep his position in Essam Sharaf's cabinet after the Egyptian Revolution of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31225904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225904" title="2010–11 Israeli Football League">
2010–11 Israeli Football League

The 2010–11 Israeli Football League was the fourth season of the Israeli Football League, the national league of American Football.
In 2010–11 season the league expanded to eight teams with new team – Herzliya Hammers. The League was divided in two divisions - North and South.
Regular season.
The regular season consisted of 10 games for each team. Two games (home and away) against each team within same division, and one game against each of the teams from the other division.
Israel Bowl IV.
Sabres 30 – 32 Rebels

</doc>
<doc id="31225905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225905" title="La Iberica">
La Iberica

La Iberica is a traditional chocolate factory in Arequipa city, Peru, founded in 1909. The factory provides chocolate in all of its stores in Peru and abroad too.

</doc>
<doc id="31225926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225926" title="2006 NAIA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament">
2006 NAIA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament

The 2006 NAIA Division II Men’s Basketball National Championship was held in March at Keeter Gymnasium in Point Lookout, Missouri. The 15th annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format.

</doc>
<doc id="31225939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225939" title="Stanley Rubin">
Stanley Rubin

Stanley Creamer Rubin (October 8, 1917 – March 2, 2014) was an American screenwriter and film and television producer born in New York City. He was the recipient of the Television Academy's first Emmy in 1949 for writing and producing (in collaboration) an adaptation of Guy de Maupassant's "The Necklace" for the NBC TV series "Your Show Time".
Career.
His initial scripts for the big screen were for three 1940 films: "South to Karanga", "Diamond Frontier", and "San Francisco Docks", all written in collaboration with Edmund L. Hartmann. He wrote, in collaboration with Bernard C. Schoenfeld, the film-noir adventure "Macao" (1952), starring Robert Mitchum and Jane Russell. 
Rubin's feature film producing credits include "The Narrow Margin" (1952), "River of No Return" (1954) starring Marilyn Monroe, the comedy "Oh Dad, Poor Dad, Mamma's Hung You in the Closet and I'm Feelin' So Sad" (1967) starring Rosalind Russell, and the Clint Eastwood adventure drama "White Hunter Black Heart" (1990). His television producing credits include the series "The Ghost & Mrs. Muir" (1968–1970) with Hope Lange and "The Man and the City" (1971–1972) with Anthony Quinn. For the former, he received an Emmy nomination as the producer of the Best Comedy Series. He received an additional Emmy nomination for producing the made-for-TV movie "Babe" (1975), starring Susan Clark as American athlete Babe Didrikson Zaharias.
Personal life and death.
In 2005, Rubin began attending classes at the University of California, Los Angeles to get the last few credits to obtain the Bachelor of Arts Degree he missed earning in 1937.
Rubin had been married to actress Kathleen Hughes since 1954. They have four children. He is the subject of the documentary film "Stanley Rubin: A Work in Progress" (2008), written and directed by Kellett Tighe.
He died on March 2, 2014 from natural causes at the age of 96 at his Los Angeles home.

</doc>
<doc id="31225958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225958" title="Lara Rodrigues">
Lara Rodrigues

Lara Jobim Matos Rodrigues (born Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais, December 22, 1990) is a Brazilian actress.

</doc>
<doc id="31225975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225975" title="Christian Laurin">
Christian Laurin

Christian Laurin (born June 1, 1964 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian film, television and stage actor from Toronto, Ontario, who performs in both English and French productions.
He received his training at the Neighborhood Playhouse school of theatre in New York City, where he was taught acting by the renowned Sanford Meisner. He has had numerous leading roles in a variety of American and Canadian productions including "The Sopranos", "", "The Pacifier", "Murdoch Mysteries" and recurring leading roles in the TV series "Météo+", "Les Bleus de Ramville" and "Hard Rock Medical" on TVOntario .
On stage he was seen in numerous theatre productions such as Melissa James Gibson's "This", Yasmina Reza's "God of Carnage", Michel Tremblay's "Fragments of Useless Lies", directed by Diana Leblanc, "The Hollow" at the Canadian Stage in the role of Drasiw, and in Molière's "The Imaginary Invalid" directed by Dean Gilmour. He also performs solo shows as Rutabagan, a bouffon-style clown.
He has also toured extensively across the United States and Europe with theatre companies such as Mump and Smoot in the production of "Something Else with Zug", directed by Karen Hines, and also with Theatre Smith-Gilmour.

</doc>
<doc id="31225990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225990" title="Provincial Talagante">
Provincial Talagante

Provincial Talagante is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Talagante, Chile. They currently play in the fourth level of Chilean football, the Tercera División.
The club were founded on "February 03, 2006" and participated for 5 years in Tercera División and 1 year in Cuarta División.
Seasons played.
Chile.
Coach: Marcelo Bielsa

</doc>
<doc id="31225996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31225996" title="GKB">
GKB

GKB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31226004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226004" title="Stephen Kulik">
Stephen Kulik

Stephen Kulik (born August 3, 1950 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represents the 1st Franklin District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, was a member of the Worthington, Massachusetts Board of Selectmen from 1983–1994, and was a Hampshire County Commissioner from 1989–1992.

</doc>
<doc id="31226044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226044" title="Alain Mosconi">
Alain Mosconi

Alain Mosconi (born 9 September 1949) is a French former swimmer, Olympic medalist and world record holder. He competed at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics in six freestyle, butterfly and medley events. In 1968 he won a bronze medal in the 400 m freestyle and finished in fifth place in the 200 m individual freestyle and 4×200 m freestyle relay. In 1972, his best achievement was seventh place in the 4×100 m freestyle relay.
He won two medals at the European Championships in 1966 and 1970. In 1967 he set world records in the 400 metres freestyle and 800 metres freestyle.
He was president of General Motors, SEAT and Fiat, in France.

</doc>
<doc id="31226049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226049" title="Cash on the Barrelhead">
Cash on the Barrelhead

"Cash on the Barrelhead" is a song written by Charlie and Ira Louvin, known professionally as the Louvin Brothers, which was first recorded and released in 1956 as the B-side of "You're Running Wild". The single came at a high point in the Louvins' career, and the song's rollicking honky-tonk feel has led it to be frequently covered both in recordings and live performances.
Song premise.
The song plays on the popular expression "cash on the barrelhead" implying that immediate payment is demanded. The expression apparently derives from the custom of using barrel tops as ersatz tables in bars. In such circumstances, "customers were required to pay for their drinks immediately, literally putting their money on the top (head) of a barrel."
The song tells a picaresque tale of an unfortunate rogue facing jail time or a fine for "getting in a little trouble at the county seat". Unable to raise the funds, he spends "forty days in the jailhouse." His financial woes continue to bedevil him, leaving him unable to make a call from jail and finally unable to pay his bus fare home when released.
Versions.
In 1966 Bobby Lord cut the song as a single.
In 1973 Ronnie Sessions recorded the song as a single and it hit a 72 on the Country charts.
Gram Parsons recorded the song with backing vocals by Emmylou Harris for his 1974 album "Grievous Angel", as part of the "Medley Live from Northern Quebec", along with the song "Hickory Wind". This rendition is noteworthy for its curious faked live performance ambiance and the sparkling country guitar work of Elvis sideman James Burton. 
Don McCalister, Jr from Austin, Texas covered the song on his 1993 album Brand New Ways.
Longest Train: In 1996 Charlie Louvin re-recorded the song on his album Longest Train. The album was produced by Julian Dawson and included backup vocals and rhythm guitar by Barry and Holly Tashian and this version of the song included a noticeably spectacular rockabilly backing guitar part by Steuart Smith who has worked extensively with the Eagles (band).
The Colorado-based, "Polyethnic Cajun Slamgrass" band Leftover Salmon offered a rollicking cover of the song on their 1997 release Euphoria.
The Balham Alligators led by Geraint Watkins covered the song on their Gateway to the South album.
Dolly Parton covered the song on her traditionally themed 1999 album "The Grass Is Blue".
The "Queen of Rockabilly" Wanda Jackson offered a recording of the tune on "Heart Trouble" in 2003, dominated by a rockabilly lead guitar. 
Joe Nichols and Rhonda Vincent covered the song for the tribute album "" in 2003. Despite the traditional instrumentation (mandolin and fiddle), this version has a distinctly commercial country production feel, highlighted by Nichols's lead vocal. 
The Brooklyn-based producer and performer Rench offered what might be termed a Gangstagrass reinterpretation of the song with banjo and turntable distortion in 2006. 
Anders Drerup and Kelly Prescott offered a loving tribute to the Gram Parsons-Emmylou Harris rendition of the song in the musical theatre production "Grievous Angel: The Legend of Gram Parsons" in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31226053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226053" title="Jindabyne Central School">
Jindabyne Central School

Jindabyne Central School is a public education institution for Kindergarten to Year 12 students in the Snowy River Shire, in Australia's Snowy Mountains. The school was changed in 2006 from being a primary (K-6) school, to also being a secondary (7-12) school. Both sections share a campus at 4 Park Road, Jindabyne. The schools intake includes students from Jindabyne and surrounding towns/villages Berridale, Dalgety, Thredbo and Perisher Valley. 

</doc>
<doc id="31226101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226101" title="Roy W. Chappell">
Roy W. Chappell

Air Commodore Roy Williamson Chappell (31 December 1896 – 7 February 1982) began his military aviation career as a British World War I flying ace credited with 11 official aerial victories. He remained in service post-war, becoming an intelligence specialist on Japan and the Japanese military. He served through the end of World War II.
World War I.
Chappell entered military service during December 1915 as a private in the South African Cavalry. He then joined Inns of Court Officers Training Corps, and was commissioned a temporary second lieutenant on 17 June 1916. He also underwent pilot's training, receiving Royal Aero Club pilot's certificate number 3329 on 17 July 1916; on 24 August 1916 Second Lieutenant R. W. Chappell was appointed a Flying Officer in the Royal Flying Corps. In September 1916, he was posted to 27 Squadron RFC as a Martinsyde Elephant pilot. On 27 September 1916, he became one of the few pilots to score a victory while flying the ungainly Elephant.
On 27 March 1917, Chappell scored a second "out of control" win while piloting an Elephant. He was withdrawn from combat during May 1917 and remanded to instructor duty at the Central Flying School. He was promoted to temporary captain and rated as a Flight Commander on 27 July 1917. In October 1917, he returned to the front as a Flight Commander and Royal Aircraft Factory SE.5a fighter pilot in 41 Squadron.
On 2 February 1918, Chappell destroyed a German Albatros D.V over Erchin and sent another down out of control. On 6 March, he drove down a Pfalz D.III fighter over Niergnies, and became an ace. Ten days later, he burned a German LVG reconnaissance two-seater over Brebières. A week later, on 23 March 1918, he sent down an Albatros D.V over Bourlon Wood. The next day, he drove down two Fokker Dr.I triplanes for his eighth and ninth wins. The following mid-morning, he destroyed an Albatros D.V over Sailly. There would be one final victory on 16 May 1918; a German recon machine was sent down out of control southeast of Arras.
Chappell carried his rank of temporary captain over into the new Royal Air Force on its formation on 1 April 1918, although he was confirmed in this rank at some time thereafter.
Post World War I.
Promotions.
On 28 October 1919, Chappell was granted a permanent commission in the Royal Air Force as a Flight Lieutenant, with his seniority in rank fixed as 1 August 1919.
On 10 October 1928, he was promoted to Squadron Leader.
On 23 November 1934, he was appointed as acting but unpaid Wing Commander. On 1 July 1935, he was confirmed as Wing Commander.
1 November 1938 saw his further promotion to Group Captain.
On 29 September 1946, Chappell retired as a Group Captain, but retained the rank of Air Commodore. He died on 7 February 1982, after a long retirement.
Assignments.
On 5 November 1919, he was assigned as a Flight Commander in the Air Council Inspection Squadron. The Inspection Squadron morphed into 24 Squadron; Chappell was assigned as Flight Commander on 1 February 1920. He continued as a Flight Commander, transferring on 13 December 1922 to 70 Squadron, and onwards on 20 February 1923 to 84 Squadron.
On 13 October 1923, he became supernumerary at the RAF Depot. On 11 February 1924, he was assigned to test pilot duties at the Inland Area Aircraft Depot. On 15 January 1925, he was assigned to attend the School for Oriental Studies. This led to his assignment as a Language Officer at Britain's Tokyo Embassy on 9 October 1925.
On 11 February 1929, Chappell was assigned to Staff Duty with the Directorate of Operations and Intelligence. On 26 September 1930, he was seconded for duty with the Imperial Japanese Navy. On 7 April 1931, he returned to staff duty at DO&I. In June 1931, he requalified as a Japanese Interpreter, First Class.
On 12 November 1933, Chappell was appointed Officer Commanding, No. 1 Squadron. On 6 November 1935, he returned to Tokyo as an Air Attache.
On 10 February 1938, he was a supernumerary at No. 1 RAF Depot. On 1 December 1938, he was assigned as SASO, No. 22 (Army Cooperation) Group.
On 16 September 1939, he was appointed the Deputy Director of Intelligence.
Honors and awards.
Citation for award of the Military Cross
T./Capt. Roy Williamson Chappell, R.F.C.
"For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty. He showed the greatest skill and courage in leading patrols, with the result that during four days' operations the formations which he led destroyed 19 enemy aeroplanes and drove down several others, the fate of which was not observed, owing to the intensity of the fighting. He has destroyed altogether five enemy machines, and has driven down seven others out of control."

</doc>
<doc id="31226106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226106" title="List of radio stations in Pekanbaru">
List of radio stations in Pekanbaru

The following is a list of FM and AM radio stations in Pekanbaru, Indonesia which can be sorted by their frequencies, names, legal entities, slogans and programming formats.

</doc>
<doc id="31226119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226119" title="1996–97 West Ham United F.C. season">
1996–97 West Ham United F.C. season

During the 1996–97 English football season, West Ham United competed in the FA Premier League.
Season summary.
The season began with much excitement at Upton Park, as a whole host of foreign signings arrived. However, most of the acquisitions were short-lived and unsuccessful. Romanian striker Florin Răducioiu walked out in mid-season after scoring just two goals and Portuguese winger Paulo Futre played just nine games for the club before giving in to a knee injury and announcing his retirement in November.
It was a season of struggle for Harry Redknapp and his east Londoners, but in the end a new wave of players helped save the day and keep West Ham in the Premiership. Exciting young defender Rio Ferdinand broke into the side and so impressed that an international call-up appeared imminent, while newly-signed strikers Paul Kitson and John Hartson gave the attack the much-needed boost that Radiciou and Futre had failed to deliver.
With survival confirmed by the final day of the season, there was now talk of pushing for a UEFA Cup place in the following campaign.
Final league table.
Note: Middlesbrough deducted 3 points for failing to fulfil a fixture.
Results.
"West Ham United's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="31226127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226127" title="2011 Mirabella Cup">
2011 Mirabella Cup

The 2011 Mirabella Cup was the first edition of a football (soccer) knockout-cup competition held between men's clubs in Victoria, Australia. It was to be unique in Australian football in that the competition was to integrate clubs from the national top level league, the A-League, with the state system below. However, the Football Federation Australia later withdrew their permission for Melbourne Victory and Melbourne Heart to take part in the competition while the first rounds were already ongoing, citing confusion of fans in marketing an as yet unannounced national knockout cup competition, which the FFA described in a press announcement announcing their reversal as still being in a stage of consideration, and not yet having a viable plan.
Northcote City SC defeated Melbourne Knights in the final to win their first Victorian top-level silverware.
The Regional Challenge Cup was won by Cobram Victory.
First Round Playoffs.
Round 1 will contain clubs below State League 1. Clubs will play teams in their Zones and some teams will have a bye which automatically puts them into the second round. The draw was held on 8 March 2011 at 7pm, and broadcast live by webcam.
Central Draw
Eastern Draw
North-West Draw
North East Draw
Northern Draw
South-East Draw
Southern Draw
Wimmera South Coast Draw
Western Draw
Second Round Playoffs.
Result voided and match awarded to Cobram Victory 3-0 as Tatura fielded an ineligible player
Zone Semi Finals.
The draw for the Zone Semi Finals took place on 14 April 2011. This round saw the introduction of the Alanic Victorian Premier League teams, with the exception of Richmond SC, and Victorian State League 1 teams. These 23 (seeded) teams were paired of with 23 of the 25 (unseeded) teams who progressed through the Zone Playoffs stage, with Malvern City and Fortuna 60 SC playing each other in the 24th match. This stage contained 48 teams in total. Green Gully Cavaliers set the record for most goals in a match, in the short history of the competition. The side compressively beat Regional side Mildura United SC 18 - 0 after leading 9 - 0 at the half.
Zone Finals.
The lowest ranked team left in the competition is North Sunshine Eagles of the Victorian Mens Provisional League 1 (North-West), the fifth tier of Victorian state football. All 11 VPL clubs in the tournament survived their first round matches.
Super 12.
The draw for the Super 12 round was held on 17 June 2011. 8 of the 11 VPL clubs survived their second round matches. The lowest ranked club remaining in the tournament is Cobram Victory, from the regional Goulburn North East Football Association.
Quarter Final Series.
After the removal of Melbourne Heart and Melbourne Victory, who were set to debut in the Quarter-Finals, the structure of the tournament was revised. Instead of a straight knockout - as was previously planned - the six teams will be placed into two round-robin tournament groups of three, with the top two teams from each group to advance to the Semi-Finals. The draw for this stage, as well as the announcement of the format, was held on July 22.

</doc>
<doc id="31226146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226146" title="Renzo Moro">
Renzo Moro

Renzo Moro, born in 1933, is an architect.
After graduating from the École polytechnique fédérale de Zurich, Moro moved to France. He worked with Andre Remondet, Grand Prix de Rome. He then joined the Atea-Setap directed by Guy Lagneau, Michel Weill and Jean Dimitrijevic. In 1972 he was accepted as an associate of Atea, and in 1978 he became Administrator of AART-SETAP. In 1987, he created ARTEO, of which he is the main administrator. Since 2002 he has been a director of AART (Farah Architects Associates).
Moro specializes in management of large projects. He was co-winner of the 1997 Gold Ribbon Award in the "expressways" category for his views on the motorway A837 Rochefort-Saintes in Charente-Maritime.
In 2004, he and his ARTEO team received the Grand Prize of Architecture for another motorway project.

</doc>
<doc id="31226150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226150" title="When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Get Going (album)">
When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Get Going (album)

When The Going Gets Tough, The Tough Get Going is a 1983 album by Bow Wow Wow and was released on the RCA Records label. It was their third and final studio album.
Track listing.
Source: Bow Wow Wow "When The Going Gets Tough, The Tough Get Going" album cover

</doc>
<doc id="31226170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226170" title="Unbound (book)">
Unbound (book)

Unbound: A True Story of War, Love, and Survival is a narrative nonfiction book by author Dean King. It follows the stories of the 30 women who undertook the Long March as part of the Chinese Red Army in 1934. While only 10,000 of the original 86,000 soldiers survived the 4,000 mile trek, all 30 women survived. To research the project, King interviewed the last surviving woman who marched with the First Army, and delved into historical accounts previously untranslated into English. As with his previous book, the nonfiction national bestseller "Skeletons on the Zahara", he also traversed one of the most dangerous portions of the journey on foot, trekking in the Snowy Mountains and on the high-altitude bogs of western Sichuan Province (the deadliest part of the Long March). "Unbound" has been released in hardback, eBook, and Audio book.
Writing in the "Southeast Asia Review", critic Daniel Metraux wrote: ""Unbound" is a must-read for any student of modern Chinese history and ranks with Edgar Snow's "Red Star Over China" (1939), a one of the classic narratives of the early Chinese Communist Party."
Content.
Historical context.
The context of the story is the Long March, a "desperate" military maneuver begun in October 1934 when Mao Zedong's Red Army (the early Chinese Communist Party) were surrounded by General Chiang Kai-shek's Chinese Nationalist soldiers. Mao's army staged a massive retreat instead of surrendering, and over 86,000 soldiers of the "First Army" fled their enclave in the town of Yudu in Southeastern China. Their hope was to meet up with other Army groups and establish a new stronghold.
Often under fire by Nationalist soldiers and fighter bombers, and harassed by local tribal warlords, the First Army travelled some 4,000 miles in 370 days, a distance similar to walking from San Francisco to New York City and back again. The 11 provinces they crossed included Saharan deserts, uncharted bog land with areas similar to quick sand, hundreds of miles of remote wilderness, dozens of overrun rivers, and the frigid heights of the Tibetan Plateau, which included the high-altitude grasslands of the northwestern Sichuan province. They crossed through the Great Snowy Mountains on the border of Tibet, a dangerous portion of the march that reached 14,700 feet in Dagushan. King traversed this portion by foot in his research process. At this point historically, only 20,000 of the original 86,000 of the soldiers were alive.
By the time the soldiers re-established a stronghold in Yan'an in Northern China, fewer than 10,000 of those who had set out still survived. The rest had been killed by battle, disease, exhaustion, exposure (hypothermia, heat exhaustion, altitude sickness), starvation and dehydration. Paranoia killed others, as the terrified army executed an inordinate number of its own people after denouncing them as Nationalists.
The women.
Thirty women undertook the Long March with the First Army, and all survived, though not all finished the Long March. Other women undertook similar Long Marches in the Fourth Army, Second Army, and 25th Army to meet up with the First Army. They ranged in age from 10 to 34, and were a diverse group of individuals. King focuses on those 30 women, telling their stories in detail, and follows representative women from the other armies in parallel narratives. They include Wang Xinlan, 10, a girl from wealth, Ma Yixang, 11, a peasant girl sold by her family, Jin "A Jin" Wiying, a 30-year-old college-educated teacher, and Zhou "Young Orchid" Shaolan, 17, a nurse who refused to go home when the army told her to.
Many of the women saw the party as a promising feminist alternative to repressive attitudes towards Chinese women. Communist ideology was against the crippling practice of foot binding, and arranged marriages (which often became little more than forced servitude and destitution), and encouraged the education of women and introducing them into leadership roles in the workforce. Preaching equality, the Party welcomed women, particularly for recruiting and propaganda roles.
During the Long March the women engaged in battle, carried the wounded off battle fields, often came under enemy fire, and were subject to the same trials and diseases as the men. They also carried the sick, sewed shoes and clothing, searched for healing herbs and food, and even spun wool. They shepherded stretcher teams and wounded across raging rivers. The army even carried costumes and sets so the women could entertain the troops after a day of marching. They were in charge of propaganda as well, recruiting hundreds of soldiers along the way, as well as nurses and more women. The women were generally treated as equal comrades-in-arms by their fellow soldiers. However, their situation did not always lead to complete equality, as it was not uncommon for some of the women to be relegated to traditional female tasks such as cooking and laundry.
Several of the women, including Mao's wife He Zizhen, became or were already pregnant during the Long March. However, as there was no way to care for infants, particularly with the harsh terrain, half a dozen children born along the route were left with peasant families or to be discovered in abandoned villages. Mao's daughter was left in the care of an elderly blind woman, the only person who had not fled the village she lived in. Other women told stories of suffering amenorrhea, and some believe the trek across the Snowy Mountains triggered early menopause, rendering them infertile.
Of the women accompanying the First Army and Mao, two would go on to serve on the Party's Central Committee, one became a provincial party chief, and one eventually became one of the powerful Eight Elders of China. Others became leaders in arts and industry organizations, while many other survivors became victim to the atrocities and cultural purges of Mao's 1966 Cultural Revolution.
Research.
The research took King four-and-a-half years and two trips to China, in which he interviewed the last living woman survivor of the March (who has since died). He also drew deeply from first-person accounts of survivors and a range of historical scholarship, much of which was never before translated into English. King spent July 2009 in China's Sichuan province, trekking eight days through treacherous highland bogs and hiking up the Dagushan Mountain on the Tibetan border. As with his previous book "Skeletons on the Zahara", his goal was to retrace his historical protagonists' dangerous journey. King has stated his some of his research involved sifting through the inaccurate mythology and propaganda that has since warped perception of the event.
Release.
Publishing history.
The book was published as a first edition Hardcover by Little, Brown and Company on March 24, 2010, in English only. An eBook version, published by Hachette Digital, Inc., was made available in March 2010. There is also a version available for Kindle and NOOKbook (Barnes & Noble). The Library Edition, released by Tantor Media, is a complete Audio book CD (ISBN 978-14001440-68), also released on March 24, 2010. It is 12 hours long, and spans 10 CDs. It is also available at Wal-mart. At the back of the book the publishers included a listing of all the women of the March.
Reception.
"The Richmond Times" quoted that the book "is an authoritative account of the Long March, but its evocations of the marchers' experiences will linger long after the historical details slip from readers' memories."
The book was also received positively by other authors and historians in the field. In 2010, "Southeast Review of Asian Studies" stated that ""Unbound" is a must-read for any student of modern Chinese history and ranks with Edgar Snow's "Red Star Over China" (1939) as one of the classic narratives of the early days of the Chinese Communist Party."
Helen Praeger Young, author of the 2001 book "Choosing Revolution: Chinese Women Soldiers on the Long March", stated ""Unbound" will appeal to every reader who likes history that is exciting, accessible and full of the stories of people who perform extraordinary acts of heroism and endurance. How wonderful that this bit of Chinese history is brought to us in such a riveting and personal way."
Ed Jocelyn, author of the 2006 book "The Long March", stated "King gets to the heart of one of history's greatest adventures. He captures the blood, guts and occasional glory of the Chinese Revolution. This is a remarkable tale, by turns thrilling, inspiring and heartbreaking."
Lily Xiao Hong, author of the 2008 book "Women of the Long March", which follows four of the 30 women, stated "King's book differs from earlier works on this subject in that it does not try to include too many historical details but concentrates on telling the story. He has succeeded in given just enough background information to provide a genuine and moving account of the women who went on the Long March."

</doc>
<doc id="31226212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226212" title="Xalnene Tuff footprints">
Xalnene Tuff footprints

The Xalnene Tuff footprints are a geological academic controversy, concerning a 2006 discovery of 269 markings in a geological layer in the Valsequillo Basin south of the city of Puebla, Mexico, which were originally interpreted to be human and animal footprints. The layer was variously dated to 40 000 years Before Present (BP) or 1.3 million years BP, both dates significantly before the currently accepted date for the settlement of the Americas. A 2010 study argues that the marks were made by recent mining activities.
Past theories.
The Clovis people were at one time considered to be the first inhabitants of the Americas, migrating into the area 13 100 years BP. However, tools, bone structures, genetics, and languages indicate that the early Americans were from many origins, and there have been some sites dated to 15-16 000 years BP.
Methodology.
Carbon dating techniques were used. 
Implications of the discovery.
Implications of the find by González et al. are that other colonisation dates that are long before Clovis need to be re-evaluated. As it is rare to find human and animal prints, these could add to the literature and experience of footprints – González "et al." recommended a further study could be undertaken on the Xalnene markings. The Xalnene markings could shed light on the controversially dated Valsequillo Gravels megafauna remains, which are mostly mineralised and cannot be radiocarbon dated directly. If the Xalnene footprints are part of a migration route, the potential route could be mapped and further studies undertaken to find more evidence of human colonisation of the Americas at this time.
Rebuttal.
Renne et al. used Argon-argon dating and paeleomagnetic data suggesting that the layer in which the footprints are preserved is 1.30 ± 0.03 million years old, rather than the 40 000 years suggested by González et al. Renne suggested the marks were pick marks from nearby mining operations. As a result of this, while the editor decided to publish the original paper with a postscript pointing others to Renne's paper, some coauthors of the Gonazalez paper decided to withdraw their names from the publication.
Later research.
Gonzalez initially felt that the footprint marks could be differentiated from old quarry marks. Argon-Argon dating may be contaminated by olivine including older argon. Xenocrysts and phenocrysts were removed in a later dating of the ash material by Mark et al. 2010, which confirmed Renne's proposed age for the Xalnene Tuff. A re-examination of whether the features were footprints was conducted by Morse et al. 2010. A comparison with other markings thought to be footprints was undertaken, from various species of humans and in varying substrates and ages. This suggested that the marks were made by recent mining activity using picks. "The picks produce a spalling effect which removes material more widely around the point of impact,' says Morse. 'Actual pick marks are visible in the quarry but this spalling seems to have caused the print-like depressions with their 'mid-foot' deep points.'" 

</doc>
<doc id="31226224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226224" title="Frank Wiegand">
Frank Wiegand

Frank Wiegand (born 15 March 1943) is a German former swimmer, Olympic medalist and world record holder. He participated in the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics, winning a total of four silver medals.
He won eight medals at two European championships, in 1962 and 1966, including four gold medals in freestyle and medley events. In 1966, he also set a new world record in the 400 metres freestyle and was chosen East German German Sportspersonality of the Year.
Wiegand studied sports science aiming to become a coach, but was redirected to a labour union instead. After the reunification of Germany he worked as a real estate manager at Zeuthen near Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="31226241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226241" title="Barbie (1984 video game)">
Barbie (1984 video game)

Barbie is a Commodore 64 computer game from 1984 that allows players to participate in the life of the famous fashion doll of the same name.
Gameplay.
Players must talk to their boyfriend Ken (using a real voice audio soundtrack) in addition to driving a yellow convertible around town, trying out swimming outfits (both one-piece and two-piece swimsuits can be used) in addition to dresses and shoes. Options for dates include either a dinner out on the town or a relaxing day at the beach. An incorrect combination of clothing will force Barbie to skip the date sequence and work her way towards the next objective while a correct combination will allow players to see Barbie and her date in a photograph of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="31226267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226267" title="Kachcheri">
Kachcheri

Kachcheri or District Secretariat is the principle government department that administrates a district in Sri Lanka. Since there are 25 districts, there are 25 Kachcheri one in each district. The main tasks of the District Secretariat involve coordinating communications and activities of the central government and Divisional Secretariats. The District Secretariat is also responsible for implementing and monitoring development projects at the district level and assisting lower-level subdivisions in their activities, as well as revenue collection and coordination of elections in the district. The head of a District Secretariat is the "District Secretary" also known as the Government Agent.
Kachcheri is a Hindustani word initially used for the Revenue Collector's Office in the early years of the British Colonial Administration in Ceylon. (Sri Lanka) Revenue collection was a main feature of the Dutch pattern of colonial administration. In the first half of the 19th century, the British colonial administrators were able to move towards a more organised form of government with civil and revenue administration. Thus, the collector's office, which continued to be locally known as the kachcheri was converted into the Government Agent’s Office. Even after the independence, kachcheri was retained as the district administrative centre and focal point of the provincial administration and placed it under a government agent. However, in 1987, the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka made provisions for the establishment of Provincial Councils. Thus, the Provincial Council Administration which came into effect in January 1990 changed kachcheri administration which had remained unaltered since the first half of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31226308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226308" title="Nino Rota discography">
Nino Rota discography

Below is a selected discography for Nino Rota (1911–1979).
Nino Rota is best known for his many film scores—in particular for the seminal Fellini films "La Strada" (1954), "La Dolce Vita" (1960), "8 1/2" (1963), "Juliet of the Spirits" (1965), and "Amarcord" (1974). He also wrote the scores for Franco Zeffirelli's "Romeo and Juliet" (1968), Luchino Visconti’s "The Leopard", and Francis Ford Coppola's "The Godfather" (1972) and "The Godfather Part II". For Fellini alone, Rota produced almost 80 film scores starting with "The White Sheik" in 1952 and ending with the unfairly forgotten "Orchestra Rehearsal" in 1979, the year of the composer's death.
Rota's film scores were a great commercial success. The soundtrack album of "Romeo and Juliet", with combined dialogue and music, reached number two and spent 74 weeks on the Billboard charts. The theme song for "La Strada" sold more than two million copies in Italy alone.
The film scores won many awards. For example, the score for "The Godfather" was nominated for an Oscar, won a British Academy Film Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a Grammy.
Less well known is the fact that Rota was a prolific composer of chamber music, operas, and orchestral pieces. In all he produced four symphonies, twelve operas, five ballets, three piano concertos, three cello concertos, various choral works, and dozens of chamber works—the best known being his "Concerto for Strings".

</doc>
<doc id="31226318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226318" title="Christopher Donelan">
Christopher Donelan

Christopher J. Donelan (born December 25, 1964 in Athol, Massachusetts) is an American law enforcement officer and politician who is the current Sheriff of Franklin County, Massachusetts. A Democrat, he served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2003 to 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31226333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226333" title="For Members Only">
For Members Only

For Members Only is an album by American jazz organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1963 for the Impulse! label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 4½ stars. 
Track listing.
"Recorded on August 22 (tracks 5-8) and August 24 (tracks 1-4), 1963."

</doc>
<doc id="31226340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226340" title="Lahloo (clipper)">
Lahloo (clipper)

The Lahloo was a British Tea Clipper known for winning the Tea Race of 1870, and finishing second in the Tea Race of 1871. She sailed from Foochow to London with over a million pounds (500 tons) of tea in 1868.
Construction.
"Lahloo" was of the same class and sharpness as "Ariel", "with more deadrise and tumblehome and a slightly fuller run." She was designed by William Steele, had a composite hull, and carried Cunningham's roller-reefing topsails.
Won the Tea Race of 1870.
"The race of 1870 from Foo-chow to London was won by the Lahloo in 97 days, the other vessels being: the "Windhover", 100 days; "Sir Launcelot", 102 days; Leander, 103 days; "Thermopylae", 106 days."
Finished second in the Tea Race of 1871.
"In 1871 the "Titania" won in 93 days; the "Lahloo", 111 days, from Foo-chow to London; and from Shanghai to London the "Thermopylae" was 106 days; "Cutty Sark", 110 days, and "Forward Ho", 118 days. This was about the last of the tea clipper racing, for the combined competition of steam and the Suez Canal proved too powerful for sail. No more tea clippers were built after 1869; by degrees these beautiful vessels were driven into other trades; and so the Clipper Ship Era drifted into history."
Sailing performance.
According to Lubbock, the tea clippers "Lahloo", "Fiery Cross", "Taeping" and "Serica" performed at their best in light breezes, as they were all rigged with single topsails.
Loss of the ship.
The "Lahloo" was wrecked on Sandalwood Island, Sunda Islands, on July 31, 1872 (photograph states July 30), on a voyage from Shanghai to London with tea.

</doc>
<doc id="31226341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226341" title="Gangbusters (video game)">
Gangbusters (video game)

Gangbusters is a Commodore 64 game about the American Mafia that begins during the start of Prohibition in the early 1920s. A complete set of documents were included with the game that taught the players the complete glossary of the Mafia "language." The game appeared on the December 1982 issue of "The Rainbow". Due to various glitches, the game failed to work on 16K machines but worked reliably on most 32K machines.
Summary.
Each player tries to get promoted from punk to Godfather by purchasing a gun and attempting to murder someone. If convicted, the "state mouthpiece" will sentence the player to four years in prison. For each subsequent sentence, the sentence is doubled unless a pardon can be purchased from the "state mouthpiece." Players can purchase trucking unions, prostitutes that are all assigned with the code name "Betsy", and moonshine operations. Limousines can be stolen from other players who already have them - with a certain degree of risk. Betting on horse racing events may play in role in adding valuable dollars to the player's bank account.
All games end either when the last remaining player has become the Godfather or the United States government becomes wise and defeats all the players. The game assigns each player a different American city like Brooklyn or Philadelphia to run his domain from.

</doc>
<doc id="31226352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226352" title="Hans-Joachim Fassnacht">
Hans-Joachim Fassnacht

Hans-Joachim Fassnacht (born 1950) is a German swimmer, Olympic medalist and previous world record holder. He was born in Baden-Württemberg. He participated at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay in 1972.
He had the world record in 400 metres freestyle in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31226360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226360" title="Frédéric Abbès">
Frédéric Abbès

Frédéric Abbès is a French archaeologist working on postdoctoral research, specialising in the stone or lithic industry of the Near East and Mediterranean. He has worked on important archaeological sites such as Tell Aswad and El Kowm.

</doc>
<doc id="31226363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226363" title="Juan Colorado">
Juan Colorado

Juan Colorado is a 1966 Mexican film directed by Miguel Zacarías. It stars Antonio Aguilar, María Duval, and Elsa Cárdenas. Supporting cast includes Flor Silvestre, Carlos Agostí, Mary Castell, Antonio Raxel, and Norma Navarro.
Plot.
Juan Lorenzo de la Riba (Antonio Aguilar) tries to leave his girlfriend behind, but rich hacendada Silvia Guerrero (María Duval) implies to Juan Lorenzo that he has to marry her because he defiled her honor. Silvia also states that Juan worries his father Don Artemio because of his lack of responsibility. Although Silvia is engaged to Rafael Ortigoza (Carlos Agostí), she intends to marry Juan Lorenzo. Silvia's father devises a plan to attempt an assassination toward Juan and Don Artemio. Silvia is tricked into believing that Juan Lorenzo is dead, and so she is forced to marry Rafael.

</doc>
<doc id="31226367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226367" title="Sergiy Romanchuk">
Sergiy Romanchuk

Sergiy Romanchuk (; born 6 June 1982) is a Ukrainian professional strongman competitor and national champion powerlifter. Sergiy has competed in the 2010 World's Strongest Man and 2010 Europe's Strongest Man contests. Sergiy recently won the Strongman Champions League event in Kiev, Ukraine on Dec. 18, 2010.
Sergiy won the Giants Live Ukraine event in Poltava, Ukraine on Aug. 25, 2011. This victory qualified him for the 2011 World's Strongest Man contest.
Sergiy is a 2 time UPO Ukrainian National Powerlifting Champion in 2007 & 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31226370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226370" title="List of Supah Ninjas episodes">
List of Supah Ninjas episodes

This is an episode list for the Nickelodeon series, "Supah Ninjas". The series revolves around Mike Fukanaga (Ryan Potter), the main protagonist, and his friends, Owen Reynolds (Carlos Knight) and Amanda McKay (Gracie Dzienny). After the death of his grandfather (George Takei), Mike is given a mysterious letter which leads him to discover that he comes from a long line of Ninjas. With Owen, and later Amanda, they are ushered into the world of crime-fighting, forming the team "Supah Ninjas." They are trained with a hologram of Mike's grandfather, whom Owen refers to as "Hologramps" in Empire City. The second season premiered on February 9, 2013, after a new episode of "Marvin Marvin", and ended with a one-hour special on April 27, 2013. There is a total of 39 episodes, spanning 2 seasons. 
Series overview.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31226371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226371" title="List of football clubs in the Federated States of Micronesia">
List of football clubs in the Federated States of Micronesia

This is a partial list of football clubs in Federated States of Micronesia

</doc>
<doc id="31226372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226372" title="Trolleybuses in Maidstone">
Trolleybuses in Maidstone

The Maidstone trolleybus system once served Maidstone, the county town of Kent, England. Opened on , it gradually replaced the Maidstone tramway network.
By the standards of the various now defunct trolleybus systems in the United Kingdom, the Maidstone system was a small one, with just two routes, and a maximum fleet of only 24 trolleybuses. It was closed on .
Three of the former Maidstone trolleybuses are now preserved, two of them at the Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft, Lincolnshire, and the other at the East Anglia Transport Museum, Carlton Colville, Suffolk.

</doc>
<doc id="31226375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226375" title="Los alegres Aguilares">
Los alegres Aguilares

Los alegres Aguilares ("The Cheerful Aguilares") is a 1967 Mexican film. It stars Antonio Aguilar.
The adventurer Manuel comes across Carlos, who is almost his identical twin. Manuel comes from a rich family so he offers Carlos some money to pass himself off as him for a young woman that wants to marry him. Carlos asks him to return the favor.
Starring: Antonio Aguilar, Crox Alvarado
Directed by: Miguel Zacarias
Runtime: 1 hour 37 minutes
Release year: 1905
Studio: Veranda Entertainment

</doc>
<doc id="31226397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226397" title="Martín Romero El Rápido">
Martín Romero El Rápido

Martín Romero El Rápido is a 1966 Mexican western film. It stars Fernando Casanova.

</doc>
<doc id="31226406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226406" title="Terminal Bersepadu Selatan">
Terminal Bersepadu Selatan

The Terminal Bersepadu Selatan (TBS) is the main transportation terminal in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. This transportation terminal is located at Bandar Tasik Selatan. It was opened on 1 January 2011. The terminal was officially opened by the Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak on April 14, 2013. The current operator of this transportation terminal is Maju Terminal Management Services Sdn Bhd (Maju TMAS) a member company of Maju Holdings Berhad.

</doc>
<doc id="31226413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226413" title="April Smith and the Great Picture Show">
April Smith and the Great Picture Show

April Smith and the Great Picture Show are an American folk rock/indie pop group from Brooklyn, New York. The group won Best Pop/Rock Song at the 8th Annual Independent Music Awards for their song "Colors".
Musical style.
In a style that has been described as "spaghetti burlesque" and "melodramatic pop", April Smith and her band combine indie pop, folk rock and swing, citing a wide range of influences, from The Beatles, The Doors and Queen to Edgar Allan Poe and Wes Anderson.
Songs for a Sinking Ship.
In 2010, the band released their first studio album, "Songs for a Sinking Ship". This album was funded by fans through the website Kickstarter. "Drop Dead Gorgeous", from the album, was featured on Amazon.com's Top 10 Pop Songs of 2010 List and Top 100 Songs of 2010 List.
Television appearances.
A number of April Smith and the Great Picture Show's songs have been used in television promotions and episodes. "Terrible Things" from "Songs for a Sinking Ship" was used in a promo for the third season of the Showtime series Californication. The song was also used during the end credits for an episode of Weeds, as well as promo for the series' sixth season. Music from the same album also appeared on the shows "Introducing: Fresh on the Net" on BBC 6, and "Fearless Music". "Can't Say No" from "Songs for a Sinking Ship" appeared in an episode of the 10th season of American Idol. "Colors" from "Songs for a Sinking Ship" was recently used in a commercial for Lowe's Valspar Paint products. "Movie Loves a Screen" from "Songs for a Sinking Ship" appeared in a commercial for Pandora and Nescafe.
Other appearances.
"Colors" from "Songs for a Sinking Ship" was used in an episode of NPR's Planet Money podcast, released in early May, about how trends are picked up and used in clothing - specifically the colors chosen for the Planet Money t-shirts offered through their Kickstarter page.

</doc>
<doc id="31226423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226423" title="Bernard Ringeissen">
Bernard Ringeissen

Bernard Ringeissen (born 15 May 1934) is a French classical pianist.
He was born in Paris in 1934. His first teacher, at age 7, was Georges de Lausnay. He entered the Conservatoire Nationale Supérieure de Musique in 1947, aged 12, and won the Premier Prix when he was sixteen. He had further study with Marguerite Long and Jacques Février. In 1953 he temporarily retired from public performance, to focus on music competition.
In 1954 he won equal 2nd Prize with Sergio Scopelliti at the Alfredo Casella Competition in Naples. He also won the International Music Performance Competition in Geneva that year. In 1955 he won 4th prize at the 5th International Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw; then equal 2nd Prize with Dimitri Bashkirov at the Marguerite Long-Jacques Thibaud International Competition (no 1st Prize was awarded that year). In 1962 he won 1st Prize at the Rio de Janeiro International Competition and the Villa-Lobos Special Prize for his interpretation of Brazilian music.
He has performed widely and served on competition juries in many countries. He teaches in Rueil-Malmaison, and gives master-classes at the Salzburg Mozarteum and at the International Summer Seminar in Weimar.
His recordings include the complete piano works of Camille Saint-Saëns and of Igor Stravinsky, and many works by Charles-Valentin Alkan, Frédéric Chopin, Claude Debussy (with Noël Lee) and the Russian masters. He has also recorded Francis Poulenc's Concerto in D minor for Two Pianos and Orchestra, with Gabriel Tacchino and the Monte-Carlo Philharmonic Orchestra under Georges Prêtre.

</doc>
<doc id="31226424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226424" title="Jonathan Healy">
Jonathan Healy

Jonathan Healy (born October 10, 1945 in Greenfield, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 1st Franklin district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1971–1993 and served as the state's Commissioner of Food and Agriculture from 1993–2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31226427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226427" title="Hans Vosseler">
Hans Vosseler

Hans Vosseler (born 1949) is a German swimmer and Olympic medalist. He was born in Paderborn in Nordrhein-Westfalen. He participated at the 1972 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay.

</doc>
<doc id="31226429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226429" title="Tornadoes of 1983">
Tornadoes of 1983

This page documents the tornadoes and tornado outbreaks of 1983, primarily in the United States. Most tornadoes form in the U.S., although some events may take place internationally. Tornado statistics for older years like this often appear significantly lower than modern years due to fewer reports or confirmed tornadoes.
Synopsis.
The 1983 season saw a relatively average number of tornadoes, but just four "violent" tornadoes (all F4, no F5's) and the number killed by tornadoes was lower than average at just 34, and no tornado killed more than three people. Two notable outbreaks took place in May, but it was generally a much less destructive tornado season, particularly in the main tornado alley, which saw no tornadoes stronger than F3.
Events.
Confirmed tornado total for the entire year 1983 in the United States.
January.
There was 13 tornadoes confirmed in the US in January. Two people were killed in Louisiana in separate F3 tornadoes on January 31.
February.
There were 41 tornadoes confirmed in the US in February. One person was killed by an F2 tornado in Florida.
March.
There were 71 tornadoes confirmed in the US in March, including a tornado outbreak in South Florida.
April.
There were 65 tornadoes confirmed in the US in April. Six people were killed. Two were killed and 20 injured on April 1 by an F4 tornado in Louisiana. Three people were killed by an F3 tornado on April 9 in Florida, and one was killed by an F3 tornado in Missouri (near Springfield) on April 29.
May.
There were 249 tornadoes confirmed in the US in May, resulting in 14 fatalities. Two were killed by an F0 tornado in Illinois on May 1. On May 2, five were killed by tornadoes in Ohio and New York. On May 20, five were killed in Texas from five separate tornadoes. On May 22, an F3 tornado touched down in Emmitsburg, Maryland, causing no deaths or injuries. It was the third recorded F3 tornado in Maryland history.
June.
There were 178 tornadoes confirmed in the US in June and two fatalities, one in Texas, the other in Oklahoma.
July.
There were 99 tornadoes confirmed in the US in July. Two were killed by an F2 in Hartly, Delaware on July 21, the other fatalities were in Michigan and Montana. An outbreak on July 3 in the northern plains resulted in two F4 tornadoes, 26 total tornadoes, but no fatalities.
August.
There were 76 tornadoes confirmed in the US in August.
September.
There were 19 tornadoes confirmed in the US in September.
October.
There were 13 tornadoes confirmed in the US in October. On October 13, an F2 tornado in Maryland touched down in St. Mary's County (near Hollywood) and tracked through Calvert County, dissipating near Broomes Island. It was the only significant tornado to hit St. Mary's County since tornado records began in 1950.
November.
There were 49 tornadoes confirmed in the US in November.
December.
There were 58 tornadoes confirmed in the US in December. On December 3, two were killed and 51 injured by an F3 tornado in Alabama. An active late season continued with additional fatalities December 6 in Alabama, and December 10 in Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="31226432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226432" title="Farewell to Freeway">
Farewell to Freeway

Farewell to Freeway is a Canadian metal-core band from Guelph, Ontario currently signed to Victory Records.
History.
Early Days (2000-2003).
Initially formed as a punk trio going by the name Freeway in Guelph in 2000, the band consisted of Chris Lambert on guitar and vocals with bassist Josh Hudman and drummer Richie Gregor. The band released a 5-song EP, "You or Someone Like You" in 2000 with limited pressing. The band released its second EP, "Shadybrook Sessions" in 2001, with a notably more alternative feel than the first album while still keeping a punk vibe. The album was produced by Scott Komer in Oakville, Ontario at Parkhill Project studios (Boysnightout, Pettit Project). In 2002, shortly after the release of "Shadybrook Sessions", Hudson left the band and was replaced by Adam Lambert, brother of Chris. The trio were forced to change their name due to conflict with a rap artist with the same moniker, and at this time "Farewell to Freeway" was officially born.
Year of the Sun Records (2003-2007).
With the success of "Shadybrook Sessions", the band signed to local label Year of the Sun before releasing their first full-length album, "Between Yesterday and Today". The album was produced by Justin Koop (Silverstein, Grade, Jersey) at The Music Gym in Burlington, Ontario. Chris and Richie provided vocals for the album, with Chris providing all the screaming. With the new album released, the band brought on second guitarist Bryan Nunn to fill out their sound. With their first full-length disc and a fourth member, the band would embark on their first Canadian tour in support of the album. The band released their first EP as a quartet, "Weekdays Seldom Wake to Victory", on June 15, 2004 recorded in the home studio of Simon Vanderzand. The release offered a notably heavier sound for the band, with the transition to Adam screaming and a noted increase in the presence of screaming. The band would release the title track as their first single, accompanied by their first video. With their second release on Year of the Sun, the band would return to touring, including a cross-Canada journey with Ottawa locals Driving July. In early 2005, Nunn was forced out of the band due to personal and musical differences. Later in 2005, band merch girl/roadie, Michele Walter joined the band, providing keyboards - a move to help fill out the band's sound. After the split of tour mates, Driving July, the band would acquire former Driving July guitarist Drew Harwood to fill the hole aka guitarist position. The song "Promises of the Gods" was recorded between EPs and featured on the soundtrack for the independent film "Desperate Souls". The release was accompanied by a video and would be featured on their third Year of the Sun release. The band's third and final release on Year of the Sun would come on April 11, 2006 with the release of "In These Wounds" produced by Mike Borkosky at the Vault in Toronto, Ontario. The album offered a noted maturity in the band's sound, bringing a cleaner more directed approach to their craft and would be the defining release for the band which finally captured the sound and style they had been striving for. The band would release one single with accompanying video for title track, "In These Wounds". This being the last release on Year of the Sun Records it was toured heavily and garnered the band more and more attention and headlining shows/tours. The band's song "In these Wounds" would later be featured on the Taste of Chaos compilation CD in Canada.
Victory Records (2007-Present).
In 2007 the band was still touring heavily for the "In These Wounds" EP when they were featured in "Alternative Press" magazine as one of the "Unsigned Bands of the Month". They were soon after contacted by Victory Records based out of Chicago, Illinois. The band was asked to come showcase for the staff and owner and received great reviews and were asked to sign with the Label. Farewell to Freeway would be only the 6th Canadian band to ever sign with the reputable label since its inception. After signing with Victory Records, Farewell to Freeway released their debut album "Definitions" on Feb 19, 2008, produced by Eric Arena (A Day to Remember, He is Legend) at ZING studios in Westfield, Massachusetts. The album would lead to two singles, "Sound Minds" and "The Desperate Age". Sound Minds received rotation on MTV in the US and Much Music in Canada. Keyboardist Michele Walter was later featured in "Revolver" magazine's "Hottest Chicks in Metal" Issue. The sophomore album on Victory would come on April 14, 2009 with the release of "Only Time Will Tell", produced by Paul Leavitt (Darkest Hour, The Bled, Senses Fail) at Valencia Recording Studio, in Baltimore, Maryland. The album would lead to one single, "Portrait", which would again receive rotation on MTV and Much Music. 2009-2010 saw some frequent changes with the band's line-up, as Gregor elected to leave the band in October 2009 to pursue other interests and take a break from touring. Gregor was replaced soon after by Michael Farina. The band would not miss a beat, continuing to tour for the majority of the two years between releases. During recording of their third Victory album, the band announced that Michele had also left the band shortly before entering the studio to pursue meaningful employment, but that there was actually no need to replace her. On January 18, 2011, the band released their third album on Victory Records, "Filthy Habits", produced again by Eric Arena (A Day to Remember) with assistant engineers ~J. Wildes, Jay Deluca, and Joe Mahoney, recorded at Eagle Rock Studios in Pittsfield, Vermont. This marked the first release from the band as a quartet since 2004's "Weekdays Seldom Wake to Victory", and the first without founding drummer, Richie Gregor, leaving Chris Lambert as the sole founding member remaining in the band and further compromising the sound. The release was accompanied by the release of their first single, "Liquor? I Don't Even Know 'Er". Though recorded with Adam playing bass, the album also saw the shift of Adam away from bass, focusing solely on vocals live. Kyle Amos, Gregor's cousin, would fill Adam's spot on bass, though he is not listed as an official member of the band. With "Filthy Habits", Farewell to Freeway went for more of a raw stripped down approach creating a faster, riff heavy, and aggressive album. Shortly after the release, drummer Michael Farina parted ways with the band and was replaced with touring drummer Adam Linka, but continues to appear in music videos, photo shoots, and sometimes plays fill-in shows with band.

</doc>
<doc id="31226466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226466" title="Werner Lampe">
Werner Lampe

Werner Lampe (born 1950) is a German swimmer and Olympic medalist. He was born in Hannover, and is the brother of Hans Lampe and father of Oliver Lampe. He participated at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay, and a bronze medal in 200 metre freestyle in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31226470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226470" title="Frank D. Fletcher">
Frank D. Fletcher

Frank D. Fletcher was a sailor, mainly known for his time as Chief Officer of the SY "Aurora" during the 1911-1914 Australasian Antarctic Expedition, under Captain John King Davis. Fletcher replaced N. C. Toutcher—who had been Chief Officer during "Aurora"'s first voyage of the expedition—for the second Antarctic voyage, and the spring and winter sub-Antarctic voyages of 1912 and 1913. In his 1962 book "High latitude", Davis described Fletcher as "a most efficient and conscientious officer and seaman who at first sight might have been taken for the prototype of the perfect 'Bucko', that semi-legendary figure sometimes described as having 'a jaw like a sea boot'." Fletcher left the "Aurora" in 1913 to join a coastal shipping company, presumably in New Zealand, where he was discharged.
Expedition Commander Douglas Mawson named Fletcher Island, near Commonwealth Bay in Antarctica, after him.

</doc>
<doc id="31226486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226486" title="Brian Bushweller">
Brian Bushweller

Brian J. Bushweller is a Delaware State Senator for the 17th District.
Raised in New York, Bushweller received an A.A. in Liberal Arts from Ulster County Community College, a B.A. in Music from Oklahoma City University, an A.M. in Education from Stanford University in 1970, and an M.A. in Management and Supervision from Central Michigan University.
Originally a junior high school music teacher at a public school and an elementary school teacher at a Christian school, Bushweller became a labor union official in Florida and then New York. He moved to Dover, Delaware when he was given a job with the Delaware State Education Association union.
Bushweller left the union in 1993 when Governor Tom Carper hired him as his Legislative Liaison. Five years later, Carper appointed him Secretary of the Department of Public Safety. When Carper was elected to the United States Senate in 2000, Bushweller became his State Director until leaving the position in 2007 to launch his campaign for the Delaware Senate.
Bushweller was elected as a Democrat to the 17th District seat in the Delaware Senate in 2008, defeating his Republican opponent, former Dover Mayor James Hutchison. Bushweller is a member of the Adult & Juvenile Corrections, Finance, Highways & Transportation, Insurance, and Public Safety committees.
Bushweller married Rocky Bushweller in 1966, with whom he has five adult children and ten grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="31226496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226496" title="Wally Armstrong">
Wally Armstrong

Walter "Wally" Armstrong, III (born June 19, 1945) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour during the 1970s and 1980s.
Armstrong was born in New London, Connecticut. He attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Buster Bishop's Florida Gators men's golf team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1965 to 1967. Armstrong received All-American honors in 1966. He graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in physical education in 1968, and master's degree in public health in 1969.
Armstrong played on the PGA Tour from 1974 to 1984. His best finishes were a trio of second places: a tie for second at the 1974 Sahara Invitational, second at the 1975 Pensacola Open, and a second-place tie at the 1977 Western Open. His best finish in a major was a fifth-place tie at the 1978 Masters Tournament.
Armstrong also played a few Nike Tour and Senior PGA Tour events in 1995 and 1996.
In his post-playing career, Armstrong is a golf instructor and author.

</doc>
<doc id="31226501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226501" title="British German Legion">
British German Legion

The British German Legion (or Anglo-German Legion) was a group of German soldiers recruited to fight for Britain in the Crimean War. It is not to be confused with the King's German Legion, which was active during the Napoleonic Wars.
The leader of the legion was Major-General Richard Charles von Stutterheim (Baron Richard Carl Gustav Ludwig Wilhelm Julius von Stutterheim).
In 1856, members of the legion were billeted at Barrack field in Colchester Garrison, where many married local women.
It was disbanded near the end of 1856, having seen little or no military action due to the war having ended. Facing difficulties in repatriation by having served a foreign country, the majority of members of the legion were resettled in the Eastern Cape Colony, in South Africa. As a result, to this day there are place names of German origin in the area around King William's Town, including the town of Stutterheim.

</doc>
<doc id="31226516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226516" title="Maju Holdings">
Maju Holdings

Maju Holdings Berhad or Maju Holdings ( and ) is a Malaysian company of infrastructures, constructions, properties, technology, communications and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="31226526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226526" title="Christopher Columbus Foundation">
Christopher Columbus Foundation

The Christopher Columbus Foundation, whose complete name is Christopher Columbus Foundation for Freedoms ("Fondazione Cristoforo Colombo per le Libertà", FCL) is a faction and think tank within The People of Freedom (PdL), a political party in Italy. Its leader is Claudio Scajola.
Background.
The group around Claudio Scajola wielded a strong influence within Forza Italia, the main precursor of the PdL. During his five years as national coordinator of the party (1996–2001), Scajola built Forza Italia as a modern mass party and prepared it for several electoral victories. Scajola was minister in all governments of Silvio Berlusconi (2001–2006, 2008–present) until his resignation as minister of Economic Development in early 2010 over a scandal.
History.
After having left active politics for a while in 2010, Scajola soon started to re-organize his faction, whose leading members included Massimo Berruti, Paolo Russo, Maria Teresa Armosino, Ignazio Abrignani, Michele Scandroglio, Salvatore Cicu, Sandro Biasotti, Roberto Cassinelli, Raffaele Lauro, Paolo Tancredi and Giustina Destro. Most of them were former Christian Democrats, while others shared with Scajola the regional upbringing, hailing from Liguria, Scajola's power base, or neighbouring Piedmont.
In November 2010 the Christopher Columbus Foundation (FCL) was formed by Scajola in order to re-discover the original spirit of Forza Italia. The association was joined by "Scajoliani" and also by Antonio Martino, a former Liberal who was number two of Forza Italia in 1994 and minister of Foreign Affairs in Berlusconi's first government, as well as other liberals, such as Gregorio Fontana, and leading Christian democrats of the party, including Mario Baccini and Osvaldo Napoli.
In early 2011 Scajola, who had been clared of any wrongdoing, started to prepare a strong comeback. At the beginning of March he declared that he had 62 MPs behind him and asked Berlusconi either a major role in the party organization or a return in government. Soon after Scajola criticized how the fusion between Forza Italia and National Alliance (AN) had been done, demanded a bigger role for those coming from Forza Italia and threatened to form separate parliamentary groups from the PdL.
The threat was renewed in October 2011, when Scajola and his followers asked for a new government, still led by Berlusconi, but with the Union of the Centre in it. A vote of confidence on Berlusconi's government was set on 14 October 2011, and Scajola announced that his group would vote for the government. However, he was not able two prevent two Venetian deputies, Giustina Destro and Fabio Gava from voting against the government, which survived the vote anyway.
On 2 November Destro and Gava, along with Roberto Antonione, Giorgio Stracquadanio, Isabella Bertolini and Giancarlo Pittelli, promoted an open letter in which they asked Berlusconi to step down and called for a new executive. Four "moderate" "Scajoliani" (Paolo Russo, Pietro Testoni, Andrea Orsini and Guglielmo Picchi) were present at the meeting, but did not sign the letter. Contextually, Antonione announced that he was leaving the party.

</doc>
<doc id="31226532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226532" title="What Lies Beneath (Robin Trower album)">
What Lies Beneath (Robin Trower album)

What Lies Beneath is a studio album by Robin Trower.
Track listing.
All songs written by Robin Trower.
Album cover.
Front cover art from an original painting by Bruer Tidman.
Graphic Design & Packaging by EricKrauseGraphics.com
References.
Source - Album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="31226538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226538" title="Danilo Luís Hélio Pereira">
Danilo Luís Hélio Pereira

Danilo Luís Hélio Pereira (born 9 September 1991) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.S. Marítimo as a defensive midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Bissau, Guinea-Bissau as the oldest child of Quinta Djata, a nurse, Pereira and his family moved to Portugal when he was five. He played his youth football with three clubs in the Lisbon area, finishing his formation with S.L. Benfica.
Benfica subsequently decided against signing Pereira to a professional contract, and Italian side Parma F.C. acquired him on a free transfer. He spent the second half of the 2010–11 season on loan to Aris Thessaloniki F.C. in Greece and, upon his return to the "Stadio Ennio Tardini", made his first appearance in Serie A on 21 December 2011, coming on as a late substitute in a 3–3 home draw against Catania Calcio. 
For 2012–13 Pereira was loaned again, spending the campaign with Roda JC Kerkrade in the Eredivisie and being first-choice to help his team narrowly avoided relegation. On 1 August 2013 he broke all ties with Parma, and joined C.S. Marítimo.
International career.
Pereira chose to represent Portugal internationally. He was part of the under-20 side that finished second at the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Colombia, playing all seven games (six complete) and scoring in the 2–0 semifinal win over France.

</doc>
