<doc id="31184108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184108" title="Sir John Eliot, 1st Baronet">
Sir John Eliot, 1st Baronet

Sir John Eliot, 1st Baronet (1736 – 1786) was a Scottish physician.
Life.
Eliot, the son of a writer to the signet, was born in Edinburgh in 1736, and, after education under Nathaniel Jesse, became assistant to a London apothecary. He then sailed as surgeon to a privateer. Having obtained some prize-money in this service, he deecided to become a physician, graduated M.D. at St. Andrews University 6 November 1759, and was admitted a licentiate of the College of Physicians of London, 30 September 1762. A fellow Scot, Sir William Duncan, then the king's physician, gave him help, and he soon made a large income. In 1776 he was knighted, was created a baronet 25 July 1778, and became physician to the Prince of Wales.
When attending the Prince during an illness in 1786, Eliot told Queen Charlotte that he had been preaching to him against intemperance "as any bishop could have done"; to which the Queen replied, "And probably with like success". On 19 October 1771 he married Grace Dalrymple, who ran away with Lord Valentia in 1774. Eliot obtained £12,000 damages. 
He lived in Great Marlborough Street, London. He died, 7 November 1786, at Brocket Hall, Hertfordshire, the seat of his friend Peniston Lamb, 1st Viscount Melbourne. He was buried in the parish church of Bishops Hatfield, and a tablet to his memory, with some lines by Edward Jerningham on it, was put up by his uncle, William Davidson.

</doc>
<doc id="31184129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184129" title="1999–2000 Blackburn Rovers F.C. season">
1999–2000 Blackburn Rovers F.C. season

Blackburn Rovers F.C. spent their first season in the second flight for almost a decade in a season curtailed by the death of owner Jack Walker from lung cancer. The expected comeback to the top flight did not materialize, the team being stuck in the midfield, in spite of several expensive purchases staying at the club. The appointment of Graeme Souness was still a high-profile one, giving renewed hopes of a resurgence.

</doc>
<doc id="31184134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184134" title="Genetic ablation">
Genetic ablation

Genetic ablation is a method of modifying DNA in order to disrupt the production of a specific gene. As genetic ablation may lead to Cell ablation, it can be used as a synonymous term at appropriate times.

</doc>
<doc id="31184139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184139" title="Reginald Walter Maudslay">
Reginald Walter Maudslay

Reginald Walter Maudslay (1 September 1871 – 14 December 1934) was a British car manufacturer and founder of the Standard Motor Company. Born in Paddington, London, Maudslay was the son of Athol Edward Maudslay, "gentleman", and Kate, daughter of Sir Thomas Lucas, founder of a large firm of building contractors.
Maudslay was educated at St David's School in Moffat, Scotland, followed by Marlborough College. After leaving school he attended the Crystal Palace School of Engineering, trained as a civil engineer under Sir John Wolfe-Barry, during which time he worked on a number of major engineering projects such as Barry Docks. Maudslay abandoned his civil engineering career in 1902 and with financial support from Wolfe-Barry moved to Coventry, where he leased a small workshop; his cousin, Cyril Maudslay, was by then managing director of the nearby Maudslay Motor Company. In 1903 Reginald Maudslay established the Standard Motor Company in larger premises in Much Park Street. Unable to use the family name to brand his vehicles, Maudslay appears to have been influenced in his adoption of the "Standard" marque by the Roman standard on display in the lounge of his house.
In 1914 the Standard Motor Company went public, for a "comparatively modest" £50,000. Production was increased and soon reached 750 cars per year. Maudslay was reported to be a designer of "considerable ability", and reputedly invented the side-entrance car body so familiar today, but his contribution to the development of Standard after the First World War is "difficult to assess". He relied heavily on the engineering skills of others such as John Budge and later John Black, who by 1933 was joint managing director with Maudslay. Maudslay's enthusiasm for the export market drove the company's finances into the doldrums during the 1920s, particularly in 1927 after an anticipated large Australian order, to which most of the company's production had been diverted, failed to materialise.
Maudslay married Susan Gwendolen, "née" Herbert, on 30 January 1908; the couple had two sons and a daughter. Little is known of his private life, but "he acquired the reputation of a country gentleman and was fond of inspecting the shop floor wearing a deerstalker hat and matching overcoat." Contemporaries described him as "a gentlemanly engineer of the old school who found it difficult to adjust his ideas to the post-1918 industry". He died in Marylebone, London, on 14 December 1934 after a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="31184148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184148" title="Richard Legh">
Richard Legh

Richard Legh (7 May 1634 - 31 August 1687) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1656 and 1678.
Legh was the son of Rev. Thomas Legh, DD of Cheshire and rector of Sefton and Walton, Lancashire. He inherited the Lyme Park estate in Cheshire from his uncle Francis Legh in 1643. He was educated at Winwick, Lancashire and admitted at St John's College, Cambridge on 18 June 1649. He was admitted at Gray's Inn on 23 May 1653.
In 1656, Legh was elected Member of Parliament for Cheshire in the Second Protectorate Parliament and was re-elected in 1659 for the Third Protectorate Parliament. 
In 1660, Legh was elected MP for Newton in the Convention Parliament and was re-elected in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament. He held the seat until 1679. 
Legh died at the age of 53 at Lyme Cheshire and was buried at Winwick, Lancashire.
Legh married Elizabeth Chicheley, daughter of Sir Thomas Chicheley, of Wimpole, Cambridgeshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31184181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184181" title="The Four Little Girls">
The Four Little Girls

The Four Little Girls ("Les Quatre Petites Filles") is a play written in French by the painter Pablo Picasso. It is the second of two full-length plays written by Picasso, the first being "Desire Caught by the Tail". Written between November 24, 1947, and August 13, 1948, it was published in 1949. In 1952 Picasso wrote a second version of the play using the same title.
Both versions use a stream of consciousness narrative style, and many critics believe that Picasso never meant for the play to be staged, only read.

</doc>
<doc id="31184211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184211" title="CineVista Theatres">
CineVista Theatres

CineVista Theatres was a movie theatre chain in Puerto Rico founded in 1997. As CineVista continued to close all of the theaters, it was bankrupt. After CineVista was bankrupt, Caribbean Cinemas is the only theatre chain in Puerto Rico.
History.
CineVista founded in 1997 and but in 1998, CineVista was started opening the Mayaguez Mall and the Mayaguez Town Center locations. In 1999, it grows the company by opening few locations, the Palma Real location, the Plaza Las Americas location and the Senorial Mall location as well as the Hatillo location which is located at Plaza del Norte. In 2000, it opens the Plaza Carolina location as well as the Naranjito location, which is only opened for a year and in 2001, it was closed. Three years later, CineVista reopened the Naranjito location but in November 2004, it was owned by Naranjito Centro Cinemas. The Senorial Mall location closed down in 2003, and four years later, CineVista have financing troubles that gradually closing all of the theatres. In 2008, CineVista has two remaining locations left, the Mayaguez Mall location and the Mayaguez Town Center location. In November of the same year, CineVista closed down both location and three months later, it was bankrupt. The Mayaguez Town Center location is now owned by El Cine.

</doc>
<doc id="31184221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184221" title="John Kjekshus">
John Kjekshus

John Karsten Kjekshus (born 11 March 1936) is a Norwegian professor of medicine.
He grew up at Solli. He took the cand.med. degree in 1969 and the dr.med. degree in 1972, both at the University of Oslo. He also studied at the University of California, San Diego from 1969 to 1970. He was a chief physician at Bærum Hospital from 1984 to 1992, then a professor at the University of Oslo and Rikshospitalet from 1992 to 2006. He chaired the Norwegian Cardiological Society from 1992 to 1994 and has chaired the National Association for Public Health from 2005. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters since 1995 and was awarded the King's Medal of Merit in 2007.
He is married and has three children, and resides at Haslum.

</doc>
<doc id="31184240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184240" title="William Elliott (engraver)">
William Elliott (engraver)

William Elliott or Elliot (1727–1766) was an English engraver.
Life.
Elliott was born at Hampton Court in 1727. Joseph Strutt, in his "Biographical Dictionary of Engravers" (1785), said that he was a man "of an amiable and benevolent disposition, and greatly beloved by all who knew him"; that he "excelled in landscape etchings, which he executed with great taste" and that "the freedom of his point, in particular, was admired".
He died at his home in Church Street, Soho, in London in 1766.
Works.
His chief engravings are the so-called "View in the Environs of Maestricht", from the picture by Albert Cuyp; a "View of Tivoli" (companion to the above), from the picture by Rosa da Tivoli, "The Flight into Egypt", after Poelemburg; "Kilgarren Castle", after Richard Wilson; 'Spring' and 'Summer,' after Jan van Goyen; "The Setting Sun" and other landscapes, after Jean Pillement; "The Town and Harbour of Sauzon", after Serres, and other landscapes after Gaspar Poussin, Paul Sandby, and the Smiths of Chichester. In a series of engravings from drawings by Captain Hervey Smyth of events during the Siege of Quebec by General Wolfe in 1759, Elliott engraved "A View of the Fall of Montmorenci and the Attack made by General Wolfe on the French Intrenchments near Beauport, 31 July 1759". He exhibited some of his engravings at the Society of Artists from 1761 to 1766.

</doc>
<doc id="31184252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184252" title="Kostya Leontovich">
Kostya Leontovich

Kostyantyn Kostyantynovych Leontovich (born October 13, 1985), better known as Kostya Leontovich, is a Ukrainian guitarist, singer/songwriter, producer, arranger, and occasional actor. His debut single, Heavenly Atmosphere, got a rotation on the radio stations all over Ukraine and then went on sale worldwide.
Kostya is also the leader of the rock band PICK-UP.
Personal life.
Leontovich was born and raised in Kiev, the son of Marianna and Kostyantin Leontovich. He has one older sister, Alexandra, and one younger brother, David. His father, Kostyantyn Pavlovych Leontovich, is skilled at singing and playing guitar. Leontovich received his first musical lessons from him. His mother, Marianna Olegovna Leontovich is also a singer and a music teacher. As a child Kostya, tried almost all kinds of arts and activities - choreography, singing in choir, piano, acrobatics, basketball, and even the circus arts. But from the age of 15 years decided to become a musician.
Music.
Leontovich began studying music since childhood. Since the days when he went to a kindergarten his mother noticed his ability. He studied music at Kiev Art School Number 2. When he was 6 years old, he voiced the film "The Golden Chicken". The film was voiced in English language for displaying abroad. At the age of 9 years Kostya goes on his first tour in France where he sang Ukrainian folk songs. Also performed at various venues, including the Kiev Conservatory, and the October Palace. From the age of 11 till 14 played in junior basketball team, and therefore began to pay less time of musical activity. But from 15 years Kostya has been interested in playing guitar and decided to create a custom group. His first band was called L.I.F.T.4 and they played a Christian punk-rock. The group existed for about a year and after that Leontovich has played for several years at a university musical band. But Kostya dreamed about something more than the university group, and in 2005 created a band which he called PICK-UP. Since 2010, he also decided to engage in a solo project. His first single Heavenly Atmosphere, which appeared on the Ukrainian radio and on sale worldwide, received widespread critical acclaim. Working in parallel with the band PICK-UP, and performing as a solo artist, he succeeded in both.
A new single, "We Praise", was released on June 22, 2011, and was also included on an EP titled Against The Flow, released on June 7, 2011, also featuring the songs "Against The Flow", "Come Along", "If You Can" and "Your Love". Leontovich recording his album in late February, and actually recorded it independently, playing almost all instruments. Kostya also acted as a sound producer for this release. The song "Your Love" immediately after the release hit the Christian charts of Belgium and has risen up to 50 position.

</doc>
<doc id="31184293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184293" title="Shavit Ben-Arie">
Shavit Ben-Arie

Shavit Ben-Arie (born 1985) is an Israeli activist, author of the book "Havrot HaKnesset: Nashim Movilot Be'Israel" (literally "Female Members of the Knesset: Leading Women in Israel").
Ben-Arie holds an undergraduate degree in political science, sociology and anthropology from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. While in his studies he represented Israel in numerous international forums, including his selection as a sole representative from his country to the International Youth Leadership Conference.
In 2004, Ben-Arie initiated a gathering of all women to serve throughout the years in the Israeli parliament – the Knesset. Preparations to the event led to his initiative documenting the lives and public actions of all female Knesset members.
Over the years of writing his book, Ben-Arie has had personal contact with 70 of Israel's female MKs. His book was published on International Women's Day in 2011 and introduced to the public for the first time by Knesset member Tzipi Hotovely in a festive sitting of the parliamentary committee on the status of women. Alongside the life stories of all women to serve in the Israeli parliament in the years 1949-2011, a historical chapter includes a first of its kind listing of women who served in the Assembly of Representatives during the British Mandate for Palestine. It has been nominated for several awards at Yad Ben Zvi, Shazar Center for Jewish History and the Israeli Ministry of Culture and Sport.
Ben-Arie lectures in Israel and abroad on women in Israeli politics. In December 2012 he led five sessions at the International Limmud Conference held at Warwick University and in 2014 a new series of twelve lectures was issued, focusing on women members of the First Knesset. The Women's Parliament organization honored his "contribution to the public awareness of women's leadership" with a "Man of the Year" title for 2012-13.

</doc>
<doc id="31184294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184294" title="Treatment of infections after exposure to ionizing radiation">
Treatment of infections after exposure to ionizing radiation

The accidental or hostile exposure of individuals to ionizing radiation is of great public and military concern., Numerous studies demonstrated that the susceptibility of mammals to systemic infection from endogenous and exogenous organisms increased following exposure to ionizing radiation. The risk of systemic infection is higher whenever there is a combined injury such as burn (including radiation burn or trauma. There is a direct quantitative relationship between the magnitude of the neutropenia that develops after exposure to radiation and the increased risk of developing infection. Because, no controlled studies of therapeutic intervention in humans are available most of the current recommendations are based on animal research.
Etiology of infection.
The infections can be endogenous originating from the oral and gastrointestinal bacterial flora, and exogenous originating from a breached skin and environment following trauma. 
The organisms causing endogenous infections are generally Gram negative bacilli such as Enterobacteriaceae (i.e. "Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus" spp. ), and "Pseudomonas aeruginosa."
Exposure to higher doses of radiation is associated with systemic anaerobic infections due to Gram negative bacilli and gram positive cocci. Fungal infections can also emerge in those that fail antimicrobial therapy and stay febrile for over 7–10 days.
Exogenous infections can be caused by organisms that colonize the skin such as "Staphylococcus aureus" or "Streptococcus" spp. and organisms that are acquired from the environment such as "Pseudomonas" spp. 
Organisms causing sepsis following exposure to ionizing radiation:
Principles of treatment.
The management of established or suspected infection following exposure to radiation (characterized by neutropenia and fever) is similar to that used for other febrile neutropenic patients. However, important differences between the two conditions exist. The patient that develops neutropenia after radiation is susceptible to irradiation damage to other tissues, such as the gastrointestinal tract, lungs and the central nervous system. These patients may require therapeutic interventions not needed in other types of neutropenic patients. The response of irradiated animals to antimicrobial therapy is sometimes unpredictable, as was evident in experimental studies where metronidazole and pefloxacin therapies were detrimental.
Antimicrobial agents that decrease the number of the strict anaerobic component of the gut flora (i.e., metronidazole) generally should not be given because they may enhance systemic infection by aerobic or facultative bacteria, thus facilitating mortality after irradiation.
Choice of antimicrobials.
An empirical regimen of antibiotics should be selected, based on the pattern of bacterial susceptibility and nosocomial infections in the particular area and institution and the degree of neutropenia. Broad-spectrum empirical therapy (see below for choices) with high doses of one or more antibiotics should be initiated at the onset of fever. These antimicrobials should be directed at the eradication of Gram-negative aerobic organisms (i.e. Enterobacteriaceae, Pseudomonas ) that account for more than three-fourths of the isolates causing sepsis. Because aerobic and facultative Gram-positive bacteria (mostly alpha-hemolytic streptococci) cause sepsis in about a quarter of the victims, coverage for these organisms may be necessary in the rest of the individuals.
A standardized plan for the management of febrile, neutropenic patients must be devised in each institution or agency., Empirical regimens must contain antibiotics broadly active against Gram-negative aerobic bacteria (a quinolones ciprofloxacin, levofloxacin , a fourth-generation cephalosporins cefepime, ceftazidime ,or an aminoglycoside gentamicin, amikacin) 
Antibiotics directed against Gram-positive bacteria need to be included in instances and institutions where infections due to these organisms are prevalent. ( amoxicillin, vancomycin, or linezolid).
These are the antimicrobial agents that can be used for therapy of infection following exposure to irradiation: 
a. First choice: ciprofloxacin (a second-generation quinolone) or levofloxacin (a third-generation quinolone) +/- amoxicillin or vancomycin.
Ciprofloxacin is effective against Gram-negative organisms (including "Pseudomonas" species) but has poor coverage for Gram-positive organisms (including "Staphylococcus aureus" and "Streptococcus pneumoniae") and some atypical pathogens. Levofloxacin has expanded Gram-positive coverage (penicillin-sensitive and penicillin-resistant "S. pneumoniae") and expanded activity against atypical pathogens. 
b. Second choice: ceftriaxone (a third-generation cephalosporin) or cefepime (a fourth-generation cephalosporin) +/- amoxicillin or vancomycin.
Cefepime exhibits an extended spectrum of activity for Gram-positive bacteria (staphylococci) and Gram-negative organisms, including "Pseudomonas aeruginosa" and certain Enterobacteriaceae that generally are resistant to most third-generation cephalosporins. Cefepime is an injectable and is not available in an oral form. 
c. Third choice: gentamicin or amikacin (both aminoglycosides) +/- amoxicillin or vancomycin (all injectable).
Aminoglycosides should be avoided whenever feasible due to associated toxicities. 
The second and third choices of antimicrobials are suitable for children because quinolones are not approved for use in this age group.
The use of these agents should be considered in individuals exposed to doses above 1.5 Gy, should be given to those who develop fever and neutropenia and should be administered within 48 hours of exposure. An estimation of the exposure dose should be done by biological dosimetry whenever possible and by detailed history of exposure.
If infection is documented by cultures, the empirical regimen may require adjustment to provide appropriate coverage for the specific isolate(s). When the patient remains afebrile, the initial regimen should be continued for a minimum of 7 days. Therapy may need to be continued for at least 21–28 days or until the risk of infection has declined because of recovery of the immune system. A mass casualty situation may mandate the use of oral antimicrobials.
If infection is documented by cultures, the empirical regimen may require adjustment to provide appropriate coverage for the specific isolate(s). Therapy may need to be continued for at least 21–28 days or until the risk of infection has declined because of recovery of the immune system. A mass casualty situation may mandate the use of oral antimicrobials.
Modification of therapy.
Modifications of this initial antibiotic regimen should be made when microbiological culture shows specific bacteria that are resistant to the initial antimicrobials. The modification, if needed, should be influenced by a thorough evaluation of the history, physical examination findings, laboratory data, chest radiograph, and epidemiological information. Antifungal coverage with amphotericin B may need to be added.
If diarrhea is present, cultures of stool should be examined for enteropathogens (i.e., Salmonella, Shigella, Campylobacter, and Yersinia). Oral and pharyngeal mucositis and esophagitis suggest Herpes simplex infection or candidiasis. Either empirical antiviral or antifungal therapy or both should be considered.
In addition to infections due to neutropenia, a patient with the Acute Radiation Syndrome will also be at risk for viral, fungal and parasitic infections. If these types of infection are suspected, cultures should be performed and appropriate medication started if indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="31184312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184312" title="Gibb Categories">
Gibb Categories

The Gibb Categories are elements of a strategy for interpersonal communication. Separated into defensive and supportive techniques, the categories provide a framework for effective communication. The categories are outlined by Jack Gibb.
Gibb categories point out six defensive behaviors used during interpersonal communication. Gibb was then able to come up with six opposing viewpoints that are known as supportive behaviors. Defensive behaviors are carried out when a person feels threatened during communication and feels the need to defend him or herself. Supportive communication is important as humans interact, as people need to feel a connection with other people. Gibb believes that there are times and places when to use his methods of communication. He states that his ideas are better created for cultures like the United States where communication is more direct.> Also, there are times when supportive behaviors should be considered the wrong type of communication. It is important to know which type of communication is needed in a given situation.
The first form of defensive behavior is "evaluation". These are known as “you” statements and put all the focus on the other person. This kind of behavior is about judging the other communicator. In return the supportive behavior is description. This focuses on the communicator’s ideas rather than putting blame on someone else. Description behavior is about the feelings of the speaker and can be described as “I” statements.
The second defensive behavior is "control", which is when one person is forcing a solution upon the other person. This means that the speaker is making a decision that affects both the speaker and the listener without considering what the listener wants or needs. The supportive behavior that contrasts control is problem orientation. This is when a person looks for a solution that will satisfy both people. Finding a solution that will please both people is more important than one person winning and the other person losing.
"Strategy" is another form of defensive behavior, which can be used when a person feels threatened. This form is about manipulating the other person in order to come out on top. Strategy can be very hurtful as the speaker is being deceitful. Spontaneity is about being honest and truthful with the listener. There are times when the truth should not be so direct but knowing when to be direct and when to be subtle is key to good communication.
The fourth type of defensive behavior is "neutrality". This is when the speaker has little concern or interest in the conversation. Neutrality makes the listener feel unwelcome and unimportant. The opposite of this is empathy. Empathy allows for acceptance of the other person and their feelings. This can be taken as bother verbal and non-verbal messages as communication is not linear and both communicators are giving and receiving messages at all times.
Another form of defensive behavior in communication is "superiority". This is when a person believes that they are better than the listener and can be shown by the way the speaker delivers the message. Equality is the contrasting behavior and shows that all people have self-worth. There are times when a speaker may be smarter or be better at something than the listener but speaking to them at the same level is important.
The final defensive behavior is "certainty". When communicators believe they are right and that the other person is wrong and will not listen to the other person’s ideas they are demonstrating certainty behavior. Provisionalism is the supportive behavior that contrasts certainty. This is when one person feels they are correct but is willing to listen to the other person and is prepared to change their mind or opinion if the other idea is more reasonable.
Conclusion
The six different defensive and supportive behaviors are used during interpersonal communication. There are times when both types of communication should be used and times when they should not be used. Understanding when to use the different communication skills is key to effective interpersonal communication.

</doc>
<doc id="31184316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184316" title="Mercado Jamaica">
Mercado Jamaica

Mercado Jamaica is one of Mexico City’s traditional public markets where various vendors sell their wares in an established location. This market was inaugurated in the 1950s as part of efforts to modernize the markets in the area. The market is located on the corner of Congreso de la Union and Avenida Morelos, just southeast of the historic center of the city. Although it is one of the main markets for groceries, produce and meat, it is best known for its flowers and ornamental plants. There are 1,150 stands dedicated to the selling of cut flowers, flower arrangements, ornamental plants and accessories such as flowerpots. The market offers about 5,000 types of flowers and plants, mostly foreign, but there is a number of native Mexican species available, including some gathered directly from the wild.
In Spanish, "jamaica" means the hibiscus flower (as well as the island nation of Jamaica).
Description.
This market is housed in three large naves covering a city block on the corner of Congreso de la Unión and Avenida Morelos in the Venustiano Carranza borough. The Metro Jamaica station on Line 9 is directly in front of the building. The market is one of the principal ones for fruits, vegetables, flowers and ornamental plants in the city and is bustling to chaotic, especially on weekends.
The market is best known for the sale of flowers and ornamental plants. There are 1,150 stands dedicated to flowers, flower arrangements and ornamental plants and associated accessories. 25.5% sell cut flowers, 26% sell flower arrangements, 4.3% sell flower pots and other accessories, 40.9% of the stalls are reserved for the trucks of flower producers and sellers and 3.2% sell ornamental plants, including those from the wild. The market sells about 5,000 types flowers and ornamental plants from the states of Puebla, Veracruz, Chiapas, Oaxaca, State of Mexico and Michoacán. The variety of flowers is wide from roses to those from the various tropics. There are both retail and wholesale sales, mostly to florists in Mexico City, but sales are also made to some of the surrounding states. There are even exports to the United States and Haiti.
The market also sells a number of species of plants which are native to Mexico and not commonly appreciated as ornamental plants. Between this market and the flower market in Tenancingo, State of Mexico, a 2007 study identified 131 species from 93 genera and 42 families, with orchidaceae best represented. There are five main types: Briopsida, Pteridopsida, Pinopsida, Magnoliopsida and Liliopsida, with the last two accounting for 93% of all species. However, these 131 species are only a fraction of the 434 native Mexican species which have been identified as having ornamental potential. 95% of the species sold are on no or little risk of extinction or need of any special protection. Exceptions to this are "Coryphantha elephantidens", "Nymphaea odorata", Tillandsia imperialis, Campyloneurum phyllitidis, Cupressus lusitanic and Barkeria scandens. Many of these species are taken directly from the wild with little or no monitoring. However, the vast majority of the flower and plant species sold at the market are not native to Mexico, a situation reflected in the rest of the country. One reason for this is that most of the plant sellers here do not know the taxonomy of the native plants.
The market sells a number of other products besides plants and flowers. There are 312 stands dedicated to other merchandise such as produce, meat, groceries and other items, as a major supplies of basic staples in the area. Most of the meat sold is common, but unusual animals such as frogs and chichicuilotes (a type of native bird) can be found as well. One section sells live animals, both as pets and certain farm animals such as chicks and full grown hens and roosters. The market is also one of the major sellers of Christmas trees in the city. Most of the species sold are not native to Mexico and many are imported as they are considered to have better foliage and are usually cheaper.
There is a section dedicated to piñatas, most made with cardboard and covered in crepe paper, although more traditional ones with a clay pot in the center can still be found. Designs range from traditional stars to those based on recent figures from popular movies and television shows. The busiest time of year for this section of the market is December, before Christmas, when a tradition called “Las Posadas” often involves the breaking of one or more piñatas. While traditional to that season, the breaking of piñatas is no longer confined to December and can be found at various types of celebrations year round, which helps to support this section’s permanent presence.
History.
Today, the area is part of the highly urbanized center of Mexico City, just south east of the historic center. In the past, this area was on the eastern edge of the Aztec island city of Tenochtitlan, facing Lake Xochimilco. The area was filled with artificial islands called “chinampas” for farming and docks to service the thousands of canoes and barges that passed through here on their way to city markets, especially the main market at Tlatelolco. Trade traffic diminished somewhat after the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire, but it still remained very important. However, during the colonial period, the lake and chinampa areas here slowly dried as the lakes were drained. By the 19th century, the area had only canals, with the main one, Canal de la Viga limited the water traffic through here. By the mid 20th century, these too would be dried and filled in. Traffic would shift to the various major roads constructed here. Through the area’s history, there had been a number of markets and tianguis here. The market was established along with a number of others such as Mercado de Sonora, to modernize the markets of the east end of town in the 1950s. Mercado Jamaica was inaugurated on September 23, 1957, and along with the Mercado de Sonora, was the first to offer parking for cars. In 2007, the market celebrated its 50th anniversary along with the then head of the borough of Venustiano Carranza, Julios César Moreno Rivera, which includes cultural activities and shows with popular music.

</doc>
<doc id="31184323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184323" title="This Means War">
This Means War

This Means War may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31184327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184327" title="Jordan Foley">
Jordan Foley

Jordan Foley (born March 9, 1979 in Saint Paul, Minnesota) is an American independent film producer.
Career.
Producer of "The Open Road", written and directed by Michael Meredith, starring Jeff Bridges, Justin Timberlake, Mary Steenburgen, Kate Mara and Harry Dean Stanton, which was released theatrically in August 2009 by Anchor Bay Entertainment. He co-produced "Puncture", directed by Adam Kassen and Mark Kassen, starring Chris Evans, which premiered at the 2011 TriBeCa Film Festival and was released theatrically by Millennium Films in September 2011.
Selected filmography.
As Producer

</doc>
<doc id="31184330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184330" title="Doll Reader">
Doll Reader

Doll Reader was a collectors magazine in the United States, appearing eight times a year. It included information on antique dolls, collectible and modern dolls and offerings from manufacturers and contemporary doll artists.
Madavor Media, LLC, in Quincy, Massachusetts, was the publisher. "Doll Reader" began publication in 1972 and since October 2010 had included "Haute Doll" content into its publication. "Haute Doll" was a fashion doll collector's magazine that ended circulation in 2010.
"Doll Reader" merged with "DOLL" in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31184402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184402" title="Timothy P. Murphy">
Timothy P. Murphy

Timothy P. Murphy is an American law enforcement officer and former FBI deputy director. Murphy joined the FBI in September 1988. He has formerly served in FBI field posts in cities such as Newark, Tampa, Washington, DC, and Cincinnati along with several post at FBI Headquarters. Murphy has investigative experience in a number of matters including counterterrorism, organized crime and drug trafficking. His experience also expands into undercover and surveillance work. Murphy's executive experience includes being the special agent in charge of the Washington Field Office, special agent in charge of the Cincinnati Division, and a member of the Director’s Special Agent in Charge Advisory Committee.
Murphy graduated from Ferris State University. He retired as Deputy Director of the FBI on August 31, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31184411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184411" title="William Henry Elliott">
William Henry Elliott

Sir William Henry Elliott (1792–1874), was a British general.
Elliott was the son of Captain John Elliott, R.N., one of the comrades of Captain Cook in his second and third voyages. He entered the army as an ensign in the 51st King's Own light infantry on 6 December 1809. In January 1811 the 5lst joined Lord Wellington's army while encamped within the lines of Torres Vedras, and Elliott's first battle was Fuentes de Oñoro. He was present at the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo and of Badajoz, and at the battle of Salamanca, and was promoted lieutenant on 13 August 1812. During the retreat from Burgos he acted as aide-de-camp to Colonel Mitchell, commanding the first brigade of the seventh division, and was wounded in conveying despatches under fire.
In June 1813 he was appointed acting aide-de-camp to Major-general Inglis, and served with him at the Battle of the Pyrenees, when he was again wounded, and at the Nivelle and Orthes. He was then appointed brigade-major to the first brigade, seventh division, in which capacity he served until the end of the war. Elliott was next present with the 51st at the Battle of Waterloo, and he had charge of the scaling-ladders at the siege of Cambrai. He was promoted captain on 9 November 1820. From 1821 to 1834 the 51st was stationed in the Ionian Islands, and Elliott, who never left his regiment, was promoted major on 12 July 1831. On 27 June 1838 he was promoted lieutenant-colonel, and he commanded the 51st in Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand, and at Bangalore, until 1852. In that year his regiment was ordered for service in the Second Burmese war, and Elliott was detailed to command the Madras brigade in the first campaign.
Under the superintendence of General Godwin, Elliott's brigade led the way in the fierce fighting of 10, 11, and 12 April 1852, in which Rangoon was captured, and in the storm of the Shwe-Dagon pagoda on 14 April. In the second campaign, which began in September 1852, Elliott again had command of a brigade, consisting of his own regiment and two battalions of Madras native infantry, and he co-operated successfully in the capture of Donabyú, the stronghold of the outlaw Myat-toon, who had but a short time before defeated Captain Loch. For these services he received a medal and clasp, was made a C.B., and made commandant at Rangoon. While there he discovered and suppressed on 20 November 1853 a plot which had for its aim the destruction of all the English in Rangoon, and i thus saved the city. In 1855 he gave up the colonelcy of the regiment which he had so long commanded, and on 20 Jan. 1857 he was promoted major-general. He never again went on active service, but he was made a K.C.B. in 1862, and appointed colonel of the 51st on 1 June in that year; he was promoted lieutenant-general on 27 July 1863, made a G.C.B. in 1870, and promoted general on 25 October 1871. He died at his house, 20 Cambridge Square, London, on 27 February 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="31184460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184460" title="The Need for Roots">
The Need for Roots

The Need for Roots: prelude towards a declaration of duties towards mankind () is a book by Simone Weil. It was first published in French in 1949, titled "L'Enracinement". The first English translation was published in 1952. Like all of Weil's books it was published posthumously.
The work diagnoses the causes of the social, cultural and spiritual malaise which Weil saw as afflicting 20th century civilisation, particularly Europe but also the rest of the world. 'Uprootedness' is defined as a near universal condition resulting from the destruction of ties with the past and the dissolution of community. Weil specifies the requirements that must be met so that peoples can once again feel rooted, in a cultural and spiritual sense, to their environment and to both the past and to expectations for the future. The book discusses the political, cultural and spiritual currents that ought to be nurtured so that people have access to sources of energy which will help them lead fulfilling, joyful and morally good lives. A leading theme is the need to recognise the spiritual nature of work.
"The Need for Roots" is regarded as Weil's best known work and has provoked a variety of responses, from being described as a work of "exceptional originality and breath of human sympathy" to "a collection of egregious nonsense."
Background.
The book was written in the early months of 1943. Its initial form was a report which Weil had been asked to write for the Free French Resistance movement concerning the possibilities for effecting a regeneration in France once the Germans had been driven back. The work was originally submitted along with a shorter companion essay called "Draft for a statement of human obligations". 
"Spirituality of work", a leading theme in the book, was a concept that had occupied Weil throughout her career. According to biographer Richard Rees, her whole life's work can be viewed as an attempt to elucidate the concept, which she saw as the one great original idea of the West. 
Synopsis.
The book is divided into three parts. Part 1 is subdivided into fourteen sections, each dealing with a specific human need. Collectively these are referred to as 'needs of the soul'. Part 2 is subdivided into three sections, dealing with the concept of uprootedness in relation to urban life, to rural life and to nationhood. Part 3 is undivided and discusses the possibilities for inspiring a nation. Only a small part of the book discusses the specific solutions that were of unique applicability to France in the 1940s. Most of the work discusses the general case and is of broad and lasting relevance.
Part 1: The Needs of the Soul.
Part 1 begins with a discussion of obligations and rights. Weil asserts that obligations are more fundamental than rights, as a right is only meaningful insofar as others fulfil their obligation to respect it. A man alone in the universe, she says, would have obligations but no rights. Rights are therefore "subordinate and relative" to obligations. Weil says that those directing the French Revolution were mistaken in basing their ideas for a new society on the notion of rights rather than obligations, suggesting that a system based on obligations would have been better. Weil claims that while rights are subject to varying conditions, obligations are "eternal", "situated above this world" and "independent of conditions", applying to all human beings. The actual activities which obligations require us to perform, however, may vary depending on circumstances. The most fundamental obligation involves respecting the essential needs of others - the "needs of the soul".
Weil backs up her ideas on the needs of the soul by mentioning that Christian, ancient Egyptian and other traditions have held similar moral views throughout history, particularly on the obligation to help those suffering from hunger. This, Weil says, should serve as a model for other needs of the soul. Weil also makes a distinction between physical needs (such as for food, heating and medical attention) and non-physical needs that are concerned with the "moral side" of life. Both kinds are vital, and the deprivation of these needs causes one to fall into a state "more or less resembling death".
Weil goes into some detail on collectives. She says that obligations are not binding to collectives, but to the individuals of which the collective is composed. Collectives should be respected, not for their own sake, but because they are 'food for mankind'. Collectives that are not 'food for mankind' - harmful or useless collectives - should be removed.
The remainder of Part 1 is divided into sections discussing the essential needs of the soul, which Weil says correspond to basic bodily needs like the requirements for food, warmth and medicine. She says such needs can mostly be grouped into antithetical pairs, such as the needs for rest and activity, or for warmth and coolness, and that they are best satisfied when a balance is struck allowing both needs to be met in turn. In communities where all essential needs are satisfied there will be a "flowering of fraternity, joy, beauty and happiness".
Order.
Order is introduced as a preeminent need. Weil defines order as an arrangement of society which minimises the situations one encounters where a choice has to be made between incompatible obligations.
Liberty.
Liberty is described as the ability to make meaningful choices. It is recognized that societies must inevitably have rules for the common good which restrict freedom to a certain degree. Weil argues that these rules do not truly diminish one's liberty if they meet certain conditions; if their purpose is easily grasped and there aren't too many, then mature individuals of good will should not find the rules oppressive. This is illustrated by describing the habit of "not eating disgusting or dangerous things" as not being an infringement of liberty. The only people who would feel restricted by such rules are characterized as childlike.
Obedience.
Obedience is defined as an essential need of the soul as long as it's the sort of obedience that arises from freely given consent to obey a given set of rules or the commands of a leader. Obedience motivated by a fear of penalties or a desire for reward is mere servility and of no value. The author writes that it's important that the social structure has a common goal, the essence of which can be grasped by all, so people can appreciate the purpose of the rules and orders.
Responsibility.
Weil says that everyone has a need to feel useful and even essential to others. They should ideally make at least some decisions and have opportunity to show initiative as well as carrying out work. She says the unemployed person is starved of this need. Weil advises that for people of a fairly strong character this need extends to a requirement to take a leadership role for at least part of their lives, and that a flourishing community life will provide sufficient opportunities for all to have their turn commanding others.
Equality.
Equality is an essential need when defined as a recognition that everyone is entitled to an equal amount of respect as a human being, regardless of any differences. Weil advises that an ideal society ought to involve a balance of equality and inequality. While there should be social mobility both up and down, if children have a truly equal chance for self-advancement based purely on their own abilities, everyone who ends up in a low grade job will be seen as being there due to their own shortcomings. Weil says an ideal social organisation would involve holding those who enjoy power and privilege to a higher standard of conduct than those who don't; in particular a crime from an employer and against employees should be punished much more severely than a crime from an employee against his or her employer.
Hierarchism.
Weil writes of the importance of a system of hierarchy in which one feels devotion towards superiors, not as individuals, but as symbols. Hierarchism represents the order of the heavenly realm, and it helps one to fit into their moral place.
Honour.
Honour is the need for a special sort of respect over and above the respect automatically due to every human being. An individual's honour relates to how well their conduct measures up to certain criteria, which vary according to the social milieu inhabited by the individual. The need for honour is best satisfied when people are able to participate in a shared noble tradition. For a profession to satisfy this need, it should have an association able to "keep alive the memory of all the store of nobility, heroism, probity, generosity and genius spent in the exercise of that profession".
Punishment.
Two sorts of necessary punishment are discussed. Disciplinary punishments help to reinforce an individual's good conscience, by providing external support in the battle against falling into vice. The second and most essential sort of punishment is the punitive. Weil considers that in a sense the committal of a crime puts the individual outside of the chain of obligations that form the good society, and that punishment is essential to re-integrate the individual into lawful society.
Freedom of Opinion.
Weil says it's essential for people to be free to express any opinion or idea. However she advises that very harmful views should not be expressed in the part of the media that is responsible for shaping public opinion.
Security.
Security is described as freedom from fear and terror, except under brief and exceptional circumstances. She says that permanent fear causes a "semi-paralysis of the soul".
Risk.
Weil argues that risk, in the right amount, can be enough to protect one from a detrimental type of boredom and teach one how to appropriately deal with fear, but not be so much that one is overcome with fear.
Private Property.
Weil writes that the soul suffers feelings of isolation if deprived of objects to call its own, which can serve as extensions of the body. She advises that where possible people should be able to own their own homes and the tools of their trade.
Collective Property.
The need for collective property is satisfied when people, from the richest to the poorest, feel a shared sense of ownership as well as enjoyment of public buildings, land and events.
Truth.
Weil asserts the need for truth is the most sacred of all needs. It is compromised when people don't have access to reliable and accurate sources of information. Because working people often lack the time to verify what they read in books and the mass media, writers who introduce avoidable errors should be held accountable. Propaganda should be banned and people who deliberately lie in the media should be liable to severe penalties.
Uprootedness.
Weil conceives "uprootedness" as a condition where people lack deep and living connections with their environment It is aggravated if people also lack participation in community life. Uprooted people lack connections with the past and a sense of their own integral place in the world. Uprootedness has many causes, with two of the most potent being conquest of a nation by foreigners and the growing influence of money which tends to corrode most other forms of motivation.
Uprootedness in Towns.
Weil asserts that in 20th century France and elsewhere the condition of uprootedness is most advanced in towns, especially among the lower paid workers who have a total dependence on money. Weil writes their uprootedness is so severe it's effectively as though they had been banished from their own country and then temporally reinstated on sufferance, forced by oppressive employers to have almost their entire attention taken up with drudgery and piecework. For the urban poor without work it's even worse, unemployment is described as "uprootedness squared." 
The gulf between high culture from the mass of the people that has been widening since the renaissance is another factor contributing to up rootedness. 
Education now has only limited effect in helping to create roots as academic culture has lost its connection both with this world and the next. Many academics have become obsessed with learning not for a desire for knowledge for its own sake but due to the utility it offers for attainting social prestige.
Weil discussed how uprootedness is a self-propagating condition, giving the example of the Romans and Germans after WWI as uprooted people who set about uprooting others. Whoever is rooted doesn't uproot others - Weil opines that the worst examples of misconduct by the Spanish and English during the colonial age were from adventurers who lacked deep connections with the life of their own countries. Both the left and right include activists who want the working class to be rooted again, but on the left there is sizeable contingent who merely want everyone to be reduced to the same level of unrootedness as the proletariats, and on the right a section who want the workers to remain unrooted the better to be able to exploit them. Disunity prevents good intentioned activitists from having much effect.
Another factor hampering reform efforts is the tendency of human nature not to pay attention to misfortune - she discusses how unions often spend most of their energies looking out for relatively well off special interests, neglecting the weak who were being most oppressed, such as youth, women and immigrant workers.
Weil proposes various measures to address urban uprootedness. She says little can be done for uprooted adults, but it would be easier to rescue the next generation. One of her first suggestions is to eliminate psychic shock experienced by young workers when they transition from school where authority figures care about their wellbeing to the world of work where they're effectively just a "cog in a machine." Another ill to remedy is the exclusion of workers from an imaginative share in their companies's strategy.
Machines should be designed with the needs of the workmen in mind, not just the demands of cost efficient production. The author suggests that if people have a suitable introduction to work as children, who tend to see the workplace as an intriguing world reserved for adults, then their future experience of work would forever be "lit up by poetry". 
Weil also advises that a revival of apprenticeships and the original "Tour de France" would be of great value.
Weil says that many of the workers' complaints arise from obsessions created by distress and that the best of way of reacting is not to appease the obsessions but to fix the underlying distress - then all kinds of problems in society just disappear.
Reforms in education would also be needed. Weil says providing workers with high culture in a form they can suggest is much simpler than objectors expect. There is no need to try and relay large volumes of literature, as a little pure truth lights the soul just as much as a lot of pure truth. The relationships between various educational topics and everyday life as experienced by the workers should be explored. Without watering down high culture, its truths should be expressed in a language "perceptible to the heart".
Weil says that to abolish urban uprootedness it will be essential to establish forms of industrial production and culture where workers could feel at home, and she discussed various reforms that she advised for France after the war 
Uprootedness in the Countryside.
Weil writes that though uprootedness is not as far advanced in the countryside as in towns, the needs of the peasants should receive equal attention to the need of industrial workers: firstly because it is contrary to nature for the land to be worked by uprooted individuals and secondly as one of the causes of the peasant's distress is the feeling that progressive movements ignore them in favour of industrial wokers.
A peasant's requirements include a strong need to own land, which is important for them to feel rooted. Boredom can be a problem as many peasants do the same work throughout their lives, starting from about age 14. weil suggests a tradition should be established for peasant youths take a few months out for travel in their late teens, similar to the "tour de France" that used to exist for apprentice artisans. Those who desire it should also be able to return to education for a year or two.
Rural communities require different teaching methods compared to towns. Religious teaching should be made relevant to the countryside, with emphasis on the pastoral scenes in the Bible. Science should be presented in terms of the great natural cycles, such as the energy from the sun being captured by photosynthesis, being concentrated into seeds and fruit, passing into man and then partly returning to the soil as he expends energy working the land. Weil writes that if peasants have both well tailored scientific and religious ideas at the back of their minds while they work the fields, it will increase their appreciation of beauty and "Permeate their labour with poetry" 
In the last few pages of this section the author dwells on her central theme - that the great vocation of our times is to create a civilisation which recognises the spiritual nature of work. She draws further parallels between spiritual mechanism and physical mechanism, referring to parables in the Bible concerning seeds and then discussing our scientific understanding about how plants reach the surface by consuming the energy in their seeds and then grow upwards towards the light. Weil suggests similar parallels could be targeted for urban workers. She says if people can have both spiritual and scientific ideas converging in the act of work, then even the fatigue associated with toil can be transformed for good, becoming "the pain that makes the beauty of the world penetrates right into the core of the human body." 
Weil deplores the tendency for education to train workers so they only think intellectually in their leisure hours. She says that while fundamental ideas need not be given conscious attention while workers are busy, they should always be present in the background. Weil presents the case of two women both engaged in sewing; one being a happy expectant mother, the other being a prisoner. While both have their attention occupied by the same technical problems, the pregnant women never forgets the life growing inside her while the prisoner is always in fear of punishment. Weil says the whole social problem is mirrored in the women's contrasting attitudes. She discusses the two principal forms of greatness, the false greatness based on world conquest and true greatness which is spiritual.
Like any elevated idea, care should be taken when promoting the union of work and spirituality lest it become discredited due to cynicism and suspicion, and thereby impossible to achieve. But Weil suggests it wouldn't need over selling by the authorities as it would be a solution to the problem on everyone's lips concerning the lack of balance created by rapidly developing material science that hasn't been matched with social or spiritual progress. She also suggests the movement towards recognising the spirituality of work could be embraced by all section of society - it would be welcomed by progressives and conservatives alike, with even atheist communists not opposing the idea, as certain quotes from Marx deplored the lack of spirituality in the capitalist world of work - so the movement could create unity.
Uprootedness and Nationhood.
At the start of this section Weil regrets the fact that the nation has become the only collectively accessible to most people which is still at least partially rooted. She discusses how institutions both larger and smaller than the nation have been uprooted, such as Christendom, regional and local life, and the family. With regards to the family for example, for most people it has contracted just to the nuclear unit of man, wife and children. Brothers and sisters are already a little bit distant, with very few ever giving the slightest consideration to relatives that died more than 10 years before they were born, or to those who will be born after they have died.
Weil discusses the particular problems affecting the French that result from their unique history: the hatred of kings and distrust of all forms of central authority due to the succession of mostly cruel kings that followed Charles V; the trend instigated by Richelieu which saw the state "sucking out all forms of life" from regional and local institutions; the distrust of religion caused by the Church siding with State; the revival in workers' spirits after the Revolution being undone by the 1871 massacre; the counter reaction that set in after WWI, because during the War the French people had exerted themselves beyond the extent provided for by the limited energies they could draw from their diminished patriotic feelings.
Various problems relating to patriotism are discussed: how some lack any patriotism at all, while for others patriotism is too weak a motivation for the demands of wartime. Yet another problem is that for some patriotism is based on a false conception of greatness, on the success one's nation has had in conquering others - this sort of patriotism can lead people to turning a blind eye to whatever evils their country has committed. 
Weil suggests the ideal form of patriotism should be based on compassion. She compares the often antagonised and prideful feelings resulting from a patriotism based on grandeur with the warmth of a patriotism based on tender feeling of pity and an awareness of how a country is ultimately fragile and perishable. A patriotism based on compassion allows one to still see the flaws in one's country, while still remaining ever ready to make the ultimate sacrifice.
The growing of Roots.
The final section is concerned with the methods by which a people might be inspired towards the good, and how a nation can be encouraged to re-establish its roots. 
Weil discussed how in contrast to the explosion in knowledge regarding methods for working with materials, folk have begun to think that there is no method for spiritual matters. She asserts that everything in creation is dependent on method, given the spiritual methods advised by St John of the Cross as an example.
Inspiring a nation is therefore a task that ought to be undertook methodically. To accomplish the task it's essential to simultaneously point people in the direction of the good while at the same time providing the necessary motivation, so as to provide energy for the required effort. Accordingly, the methods available for inspiring a nation centre around public action by the authorities as a means of education. Weil writes this is a very difficult idea to grasp, as at least since the renaissance public action has been almost solely a means of exercising power. 
Weil enumerates five ways in which public action can serve to educate a nation:
Weil considers that while the first two ways are well understood, they are unsuitable for breathing inspiration into a people. The remaining three methods could be much more effective, but at present no administration has much experience of employing them. The third method, although not without superficial similarities to the suggestive power of propaganda, can in the right circumstances be a high effective tool for good. Weil wrote that at the current time (writing in 1943), the French resistance authorities have a rare opportunity to inspire their people as while their actions have an official character, they are not the actual state authorities and so don't arouse the cynicism the French traditionally hold for their rulers.
Four obstacles are listed that make it difficult to inspire a people towards genuine goodness. First and foremost a false conception of greatness, based on the prestige of might and conquest. Weil opines that France was essentially still motivated by the same sense of greatness that drove Hitler. The other obstacles are idolisation of money, a degraded sense of Justice, and a lack of religious inspiration. 
Only the first and last problem are discussed at length.
Weil asserts that prior to about the 16th century religion and science were united by the search for Truth, but have since become separated and in some cases even mutually hostile, with religion often the loser in the battle for public opinion. She suggest religion and science could become reconciled if the spirit of truth is breathed into both; despite the assertions of some scientists to the contrary, the thirst for truth is not a common motivation for science. As an example she discussed the habit of mathematicians who deliberately obscure proofs for their discoveries, showing that they were motivated by competitive instincts and the desire to be recognised above their peers. Weil suggests that the highest study of science is the beauty of the world.
In the books last few pages Weil returns to a discussion of the spirituality of work, presenting the case that physical labour is spiritually superior to all other forms of work such as technical planning, command, art or science.
Assessment and reception.
Weil's first English biographer Richard Rees has written that "Need for Roots" can be described as an investigation into the causes of unhappiness and proposals for its cure. Writing in 1966 he says it contains more of what the present age needs to understand and more of the criticism it needs to listen to than any other writer of the 20th century has been able to express.
According to Dr Stephen Plant, writing in 1996, "Need for Roots" remains just as relevant today as it was in the 1940s when the majority of European workers were employed by heavy industry.
T. S. Eliot praised the work's balanced judgement, shrewdness and good sense.
The Times Literary Supplement wrote that the book is about politics in the "widest Aristotelian understanding of the term" and that is displayed "exceptional originality and breath of human sympathy".
For Weil scholar Sian Miles the book is the most complete expression of Weil's social thought. 
Albert Camus was so taken with the work he wrote it seemed to him "impossible to imagine the rebirth of Europe without taking into consideration the suggestions outlined in it by Simone Weil." General De Gaulle on the other hand was less impressed, dismissing her recommendations and only half reading most of her reports. For the most part very few of Weils idea's were put into practice during the operations that followed the liberation of France, with one of few direct signs of her influence being that list of obligations was included along with a list of rights in a French free press release of August 1943. 
Poet and critic Kenneth Rexroth took a negative view of the book, writing in 1957 that it "was a collection of egregious nonsense" and "a weird, embarrassing relic of a too immediate past." 

</doc>
<doc id="31184468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184468" title="Ričardas Bartkevičius">
Ričardas Bartkevičius

Ričardas Bartkevičius (born 1959 in Vilnius) is a prominent Lithuanian painter and educator.
Biography.
Bartkevičius demonstrated artistic talent in his early childhood. His art studies began in Vilnius (the School of J. Vienožinskis). The first personal exhibition was held in 1979. In 1986 he graduated from the Painting Department of Vilnius Academy of Arts.
During the years of the studies he got to know and he was acquainted with such leading figures of Lithuanian art as Sofija Veiverytė, Algimantas Švėgžda, Antanas Gudaitis, Augustinas Savickas, Jonas Čeponis. 
Looking for his own painting style he admired and drew under the inspiration of El Greco, Tintoretto, and Peter Breigel works. Later he was interested in German, French, Lithuanian representatives of Expressionism. 
In 1982, 1984 he visited Armenia and Georgia. The medieval coloring of these countries paintings, the primitive art traditions have found resonance in the further works.
Since 1990 he became a member of the Lithuanian Artists' Association, in 1994 he initiated an artists' group "E" creation, also he became a member of the group "Individualists" (1996).
In 1999 he was awarded by the annual prize from Lithuanian Artists' Association and he got the State Grant of the Highest Degree. In 2004 he again earned the State Grant of the Highest Degree. 
From 1990 he teaches at Vilnius Pedagogical University (Professor), he was a Head of the Department of Fine Arts for a long time.
He is actively involved in Lithuanian cultural life, he had many solo exhibitions. His works are welcomed not only in the European continent, but also in Asia, American art lovers. The fact that this particular artist is admired by foreign evaluators paintings are well reflected by the fact that in 2008 he was invited to participate in the international project "Art Meeting East Europe", yet such call received only two Lithuanians - Stasys Eidrigevičius and R. Bartkevičius.
About paintings.
According to the famous Polish art critic Krzysztof Stanislawski, R. Bartkevičius with the aid of the colors and forms, which often just run over the frames, is telling different stories, he is not afraid to use the traditional motives, he creates landscapes, often depicts flowers in pots, animals, also he paints portraits.
The painter is managing the bright, pure colors, the spontaneous expressive stroke of the brush. He is not only an expressionist in the soul (colors), but also physically by the whole body and the painting style. As remarked the leading Lithuanian art critic Alfonsas Andriuškevičius, R. Bartkevičius is painting not only by the hand, but one hundred percent by the movement. His works are pulsing of vital and dynamic sense of life.
Joan Vastokas, an art historian, writes that Bartkevičius on the other hand although verging on the abstract are in fact figurative and expressionist in style, closely akin to and likely influenced by DeKooning or recent trends in postmodern German painting.
An abstract expressionist, his works feature a lot of action, broad gestures and brushstrokes and color. He juxtaposes tradition and modernity. His paintings often appear too abstract, but on closer observation, figures subtly emerge.
His works are full of drama and have a strong affinity with those of Francis Bacon and Willem de Kooning. The most interesting aspect of Bartkevičius’ work is his mixture of religious and erotic themes. More playful, and therefore closer to Western versions of Postmodernism.
Works.
Works in the Collections: The Collection of Speyer Municipality (Germany), Zimmerli Art Museum (USA), The Collection of Tore Canavese Municipality (Italy), Lithuanian Art Museum, The Collection of Vilnius’ Municipality (Lithuania). 
Works in the Private Collections: Russia, Germany, France, Israel, Canada, USA, Denmark, Norway, Japan, Holland, Poland, Italy, Lithuania.
Selected solo exhibitions.
“Simple as 2x2”, (2012 12 06 – 2013 01 02), Lithuanian Artists‘ Union Gallery, Vilnius;
„About Women by Flowers”, (2012 03 08 – 05 08), B. Grincevičiūtė House-Museum, Vilnius;
„The Admirable Daily Round”, (2008 03 08 – 06 08), Palanga;
„Painting” (2008 05 03 – 06 30) project „East Europe Art Meetings“, Galeria Sztuki Współczesnej WIGRY, Dom Pracy Tworczej, Wigry, Poland.
„Ričardas Bartkevičius Painting”, (2006 03 15 – 05 15), „Kolonada”, Druskininkai;
„Personal Exhibition of Paintings”, (2003 12 19 – 2004 02 19), VPU Gallery „2003”, Vilnius;
„Ričardas Bartkevičius – exhibition of painting”, (2003 10 22 – 11 11), Lyngby Kulturhus, Copenhagen;

</doc>
<doc id="31184478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184478" title="Jaromír Tauchen">
Jaromír Tauchen

JUDr.Bc.Jaromír Tauchen, Ph.D., LL.M.Eur.Integration (Dresden) (* 23. Juli 1981, Sušice) is a Czech lawyer, law-historian, certified judiciary interpreter and translator (German/Czech) and lecturer at the Faculty of Law, Masaryk University, Brno. His researches are mainly aimed at German legal history, especially the era of the Third Reich in Germany, in the Protectorate Bohemia and Moravia and history of Germans in the Czech lands.
Academic career.
Dr. Jaromir Tauchen has worked at the Department of History of State and Law, Faculty of Law of Masaryk University in Brno. Having taken part in a number of international school tours and international research projects, Dr. Tauchen has studied at a couple of German and Austrian Universities, e.g. Innsbruck, Dresden, Frankfurt and Vienna. He has published his articles especially in the Journal on European History of Law. Further, he has been a co-author of a couple of monographs published in Germany. Mr. Jaromir Tauchen is certified judiciary interpreter and translator (German/Czech) and a member of the Deutsch-Tschechische Juristenvereinigung e.V., and The European Society for History of Law.
He is a member of the Scientific board of the Journal on European History of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="31184513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184513" title="Derek Enlander">
Derek Enlander

Derek Enlander is a a clinical instructor of medicine on the faculty of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York. He was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland and attended medical school in Dublin. He was given a fellowship to Stanford University in California in 1966. He worked on the relationship to Epstein-Barr virus in Hodgkin's disease. He is board certified in nuclear medicine.
Enlander specializes in treating myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome (ME/CFS) and is the director of the ME/CFS Clinic in New York. The ME/CFS Center was formed as a result of a generous donation of one million dollars by one of his grateful patients. The center is the only ME/CFS Center in a major medical center and medical school in the United States. It is a multidisciplinary research group involving internal medicine, pulmonology, cardiology, immunology, and genomics. The center is involved in a serious study of postexertional malaise (PEM) in ME/CFS.
He invented a protocol using Immunoprop and Kutapressin Hepapressin in the treatment of ME/CFS. This protocol is based on the methylation cycle.
He has published widely on virology.
He is the author of the CFS Handbook, a clinician's guide to ME/CFS, a book on fibromyalgia, and four books on the use of computers in medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="31184532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184532" title="John Swett">
John Swett

John Swett (July 31, 1830-August 22, 1913) is considered to be the "Father of the California public school" system and the "Horace Mann of the Pacific".
Biography.
John Swett was an only child born July 31, 1830 in Pittsfield, New Hampshire, to Lucretia (born French) Swett and Eben Swett, who were Congregationalists. He died August 22, 1913 in Alhambra Valley, near Martinez, California. He married Mary Louise (Tracy) Swett on May 8, 1862 in Sonoma, and they had 8 children. During his life he was a close friend of Sierra Club co-founder John Muir. Swett arrived in California in 1853 to mine gold but quickly sought work as a teacher in San Francisco. In 1862 he became a Freemason, joining San Francisco's Phoenix Lodge No. 144.
In 1863 he was instrumental in founding the California Educational Society, which would become the California Teachers Association, the largest teachers' union in the state of California. Running in 1863, during the Civil War, as a National Union Party (Republican) candidate he was elected California State Superintendent of Public Instruction and served until 1867. Other positions he held were Deputy Superintendent of the San Francisco Public Schools (1870–1873), Principal of the Denman School (1873–1876) and the Girls' High School (1876–1889), and Superintendent of the San Francisco Public Schools (1890–1895). In 1895 he retired to his estate, Hill Girt Ranch.
California State Superintendent of Public Instruction (1863-1867).
His most important accomplishment was making the California school system free for all students. In his report for 1866-67, he stated: "The school year ending June 30, 1867, marks the transition period of California from rate-bill common schools to an American free school system. For the first time in the history of the State, every public school was made entirely free for every child to enter."
Criticism.
In his 1878 book "The Poison Fountain" Zachariah Montgomery criticized, among other things, Swett's autocratic style. He states the following on page 111:
It must be remembered that Superintendent Swett maintains the proposition that parents have no remedy against the teachers, and that:
<br><br>
"As a general thing the only persons who have a legal right to give orders to the teacher are his employers, namely, the committee in some States, and in others the directors or trustees. If his conduct is approved by his employers the parents have no remedy as against him or them." (See Swett's Biennial Report, 1864, page 166.)
<br><br>
And we must not forget that this same superintendent has said that: " The vulgar impression that parents have a legal right to dictate to teachers is entirely erroneous."

</doc>
<doc id="31184564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184564" title="Christian Jipp Home &amp; Grocery">
Christian Jipp Home &amp; Grocery

The Christian Jipp Home & Grocery is an historic structure located in the Hamburg Historic District in Davenport, Iowa, United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The house and grocery was individually listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 2005.
History.
The grocery store was completed in 1868 by Christian Jipp, an immigrant from present-day Germany. It was one of the first retail buildings that was built on the bluff in Davenport. Jipp, his wife and three daughters lived in the back of the store until the house was added in 1878. He operated the store until 1906 and the store itself remained open until 1958 when it was converted into a Laundromat and house became a rental property. The building had been vacate for 20 years and was slated by the city for demolition in 2004 when the Gateway Redevelopment Group received private and public funds to stabilize the structure and then to renovate it. The building now serves as the Architectural Rescue Shop, which collects, restores, preserves and sells old architectural items. There is also an apartment on the second floor of the structure.

</doc>
<doc id="31184572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184572" title="Rutan Solitaire">
Rutan Solitaire

The Rutan Model 77 Solitaire is an American, single seat, canard, mid-wing motor glider that was developed by Burt Rutan in response to the 1982 Sailplane Homebuilders Association Design Contest for a homebuilt glider. The Solitaire was declared the winner of the contest and its unusual layout attracted a great deal of attention. For a time in the 1980s the aircraft was available as plans and as a kit.
Design and development.
Like many Rutan designs the Solitaire uses a canard layout, with a lifting foreplane at the front with elevators for pitch control, and a rudder at the rear of a tailboom. The pilot sits under a bubble canopy and the electro-hydraulically retractable gasoline engine occupies the space between the pilot's feet and the canard. The aircraft is constructed from fibreglass on top of honeycomb and foam.
The wing has a built-in mid-span twist to off-set the effects of the canard's downwash, with the inboard having 2 degrees less twist than the outboard portion of the wing. The wing is equipped with very effective trailing edge spoilers, consisting of a flap that deploys down while also protruding its leading edge upwards into the airflow. 
The canard configuration is designed so that the forward surface stalls before the main wing, making the aircraft unstallable and also unspinnable. This does not mean however that the aircraft cannot be maneuvered into a flight regime where a high rate of descent is achieved.
When it was in production the kit supplied included all the hard to make prefabricated fibreglass parts. The fuselage halves came with Nomex honeycomb cores and a special film adhesive to bond the halves together. The main wing spars supplied used S-glass roving spar caps that had been molded in metal molds. The kits also included many molded parts, including the seat pan, canopy pre-mounted in its frame, turtledeck, fuselage bulkheads, wing root fairings, wheel fairings, wingtips and the foam cores used in the wings and the canard.
The initial engine was the Zenoah G-25, but this was changed to a Robin engine and then later the Cuyuna 215. The KFM 107e engine has also been used.
Operational history.
Within two months of the aircraft's introduction in 1982 50-60 sets of plans had been sold. In March 2011 there were seven Solitaires registered in the USA, including one in the EAA AirVenture Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31184584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184584" title="Hugh Mitchell">
Hugh Mitchell

Hugh Mitchell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31184588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184588" title="Charlotte Smith (baseball)">
Charlotte Smith (baseball)

Charlotte Smith (born 1919) was an infielder and outfielder who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at , 130 lb., Smith batted and threw right-handed. She was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
The daughter of a Minor league pitcher, Smith was one of the original sixty four players signed by the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She was also one of 10 players hailed from Tennessee who made the league in its 12 years of existence. League play officially began on May 30, 1943 with the teams Kenosha Comets, Racine Belles, Rockford Peaches and South Bend Blue Sox. Each team was made up of fifteen girls. Smith passed the text and was assigned to the Racine team.
From 1943 to 1944, Smith played at outfield, first base and shortstop for the Belles. She hit a .316 batting average in her rookie season, driving in 18 runs while scoring 36 times in just 53 games. A fast runner, she stole 54 bases to rank eight in the league. 
The first AAGPBL Championship Series pitted first-half winner Racine against Kenosha, second-half champ. In the best-of-five series, Racine swept Kenosha in three games to claim the first championship in the league's history. Smith also appeared in the first All-Star Game, which coincidentally was the first night game played at Wrigley Field (July 1, 1943). The game was played under temporary lights between two teams composed of Blue Sox and Peaches players against Comets and Belles players.

</doc>
<doc id="31184601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184601" title="The Mark of the Horse Lord">
The Mark of the Horse Lord

The Mark of the Horse Lord is a historical novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1965. It won the first Phoenix Award in 1985.
It takes place in Roman Britain and tells the tale of a gladiator who becomes involved with the Dal Riada of Earra-Ghàidheal. Like many Sutcliff novels, the plot is driven by a crisis of leadership, hinging on acceptance of the ultimate responsibility of a sacrificial king.
Plot summary.
The story revolves around slave-gladiator Red Phaedrus, a red haired half Roman, half Celt. He receives his wooden-foil, i.e. his freedom after winning a fight-to-the-death in the Corstopitum arena. He is soon after approached by representatives of the Dal Riada, who ask him to impersonate their king in an effort to win back tribal leadership from a usurper queen. Phaedrus is persuaded, accepts the role of Midir, the original prince whose eyes were put out by the queen, preventing him from ruling, and receives a signifying tattoo on his forehead, the eponymous Mark of the Horse Lord. The stage is then set for a struggle between King and Queen, between Dal Riada and Caledones, between the Sun God and the Great Mother; a theme used in many Sutcliff novels.
Phaedrus spends time in a town on the Northern Wall, learning his role from the original prince Midir and the culture of the Celts. Several historical subjects are discussed, including Lollius Urbicus and the laying-waste of Valentia after subjugation, the Pax Romana and its effects, Calgacus's battles against General Agricola, and the viewpoints of Tacitus on all of this.
A revolt ensues against the Queen, and the Dal Riada capital of Dun Monaidh is retaken, but the queen escapes to her kin amongst the Caledones. Phaedrus is crowned king in a ceremony where he places one foot on the carved footprint of previous kings. He lives among the Dal Riada, developing trust and understanding with some who recognise him for an impostor, most who do not.
A war ensues between the Dal Riada and the Caledones, who are portrayed as Picts. The fighting occurs across the countryside around Cruachan (described as the Shield boss of the World), as the Dal Riada struggle to defend their frontier. Other geographical features encountered include Loch Abha, Loch Fhiona, the Cluta, the Firth of the War Boats, and Glen Croe.
The Dal Riada eventually win, the Caledones are dispersed, but the Queen flees and finds refuge in a Roman frontier fort. An attempt to assassinate the Queen is made with the help of the true Midir, in which both die, and Phaedrus is captured by the Romans. He is offered freedom at a great cost to the Dal Riada, referencing back to the discussions of Pax Romana and Roman treatment of the native tribes.
Phaedrus instead opts to sacrifice himself for the survival of his adopted people, punctuating the concept of responsibility and the sacrificial king developed throughout the novel.
The theme of the novel is built around an individual struggling to find identify and belonging, similar to Sutcliff novels such as "Outcast" and "Dawn Wind", revolving around conflicting cultures, and the duties assumed and performed by individuals within those cultures. The duties of a king are shown in many of her novels, including "Sword at Sunset" and "Sun Horse, Moon Horse", and have been credited as being influenced by James Frazer's "The Golden Bough".
Awards.
"The Mark of the Horse Lord" won the inaugural, 1985 Phoenix Award from the Children's Literature Association as the best English-language children's book that did not a major contemporary award when it was originally published twenty years earlier. It is named for the mythical bird phoenix, which is reborn from its ashes, to suggest the book's rise from obscurity.

</doc>
<doc id="31184607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184607" title="Tom Earle">
Tom Earle

Tom Earle is a Canadian author and teacher. He is also a former hockey player.
Books.
He has written one book to date.
Hockey.
He has played for many teams, such as Orillia Travelways, Barrie Colts, Dartmouth College and the Whitley Bay Warriors.

</doc>
<doc id="31184616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184616" title="Ocytata">
Ocytata

Ocytata is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31184617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184617" title="Church of St John the Baptist, Asenovgrad">
Church of St John the Baptist, Asenovgrad

The Church of St John the Baptist (, "tsarkva „Sveti Yoan Krastitel“"), also known as the Church of St John the Precursor or, locally, Sveti Yani or Sveti Yan, is a small medieval Eastern Orthodox church in the town of Asenovgrad in Plovdiv Province, south central Bulgaria. The church is located on a cliff west of the town and dates to the 12th–14th centuries. Its exterior is decorated with many blind arches, while its interior features mostly frescoes from the 18th century, with some fragments of 14th-century murals. Its high position and the arrowslits on the north wall made the church suitable as a defensive outpost.
Location and history.
The Church of St John the Baptist, known to the locals as Sveti Yani or Sveti Yan, is located on a high cliff on the western outskirts of Asenovgrad, which belong to the old town. To allow its construction, the terrain around its foundations had to be reinforced. The church lies close to several less ancient chapels, such as Saint Barbara's, Saint George's and Chapel of the Entry of the Most Holy Mother of God into the Temple. Nearby are also a 17th-century water fountain and remains of medieval fortifications which date to the 11th–13th century. Together, these buildings contribute to that part of Asenovgrad's medieval atmosphere.
The church has not been conclusively dated. Art historian André Grabar placed it in the 14th century, scholar Nikola Mavrodinov dated it to the 13th century, while archaeologist Krastyu Miyatev is of the opinion that both theories are equally likely. Architecture writer Stefan Stamov gives a possible range from the 12th to the 14th century.
The Church of St John the Baptist belonged to the northern fortifications of medieval Asenovgrad (then known in Greek as "Stenimachos"). It was in continuous operation until the late 18th or early 19th century, when it suffered significant damage, perhaps during Ottoman brigand raids. During the reconstruction works which were carried out soon thereafter, the roof and the upper parts of the church were modified. The interior was also repainted at the time.
The church has been protected as a national antiquity since 1940; in 1970, it was enlisted among Bulgaria's monuments of culture of national importance. The church was reconstructed in the 2000s by a team under architect Stoycho Maronov. The restoration efforts restored the windows, the interior frescoes and the iconostasis, and took 42 days.
Architecture and decoration.
The Church of St John the Baptist is relatively small, measuring or , with a height of around . In terms of design, it follows the Byzantine cross-in-square style. The church lacks a narthex and features a single triangular apse with three small windows in its eastern part. The wall which carries the iconostasis clearly divides the interior into a cella and an altar. The altar includes a prothesis and a diaconicon, which are housed in bays in the east wall.
The church was built out of interchanging rows of stones and brickwork, without any ceramic facing. Blind arches form an important part of the church's exterior decoration: there are five each on the north and south walls, with an additional three on the west wall. The walls are around thick. In its architecture, the church closely resembles other medieval religious buildings in its close surroundings, most notably the Church of the Holy Mother of God in Asen's Fortress south of Asenovgrad and the ossuary of the Bachkovo Monastery. However, the Church of St John the Baptist is unique in that it is the only one of the three to feature arrowslits. Six arrowslits on the north wall enabled the church to be quickly converted into a defensive tower.
Most of the surviving frescoes on the church's interior walls date from the 18th century. These include images of the Mother of God, Jesus Christ and John the Baptist, all painted as part of the church's first reconstruction. However, restoration works carried out in the 2000s have uncovered 14th-century murals depicting the meeting of Elizabeth and Mary as well as John the Baptist.

</doc>
<doc id="31184625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184625" title="Thomas Rant">
Thomas Rant

Sir Thomas Rant (1604 - 2 June 1671) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Rant was the son of William Rant MD of Norwich. He was educated at Norwich under Mr Stonham and admitted to Caius College, Cambridge on 1 May 1619 aged 15. He was admitted at Gray's Inn on 22 February 1619 and practised Common Law in London.
In 1660, Rant was elected Member of Parliament for Norwich in the Convention Parliament. He was knighted on 24 July 1660. He was of Thorpe Market, Norfolk, and was lord of the manor of Wendling, Norfolk in 1663.
Rant died at the age of 67 and was buried at Thorpe.

</doc>
<doc id="31184632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184632" title="Kang L. Wang">
Kang L. Wang

Professor Kang Lung Wang received his BS (1964) degree from National Cheng Kung University and his MS (1966) and PhD (1970) degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In 1970 to 1972 he was the Assistant Professor at MIT. From 1972 to 1979, he worked at the General Electric Corporate Research and Development Center as a physicist/engineer. In 1979 he joined the Electrical Engineering Department of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), where he is a Professor and leads the Device Research Laboratory (DRL). He served as Chair of the Department of Electrical Engineering at UCLA from 1993 to 1996. His research activities include semiconductor nano devices, and nanotechnology; self-assembly growth of quantum structures and cooperative assembly of quantum dot arrays Si-based Molecular Beam Epitaxy, quantum structures and devices; Nano-epitaxy of hetero-structures; Spintronics materials and devices; Electron spin and coherence properties of SiGe and InAs quantum structures for implementation of spin-based quantum information; microwave devices. He was the inventor of strained layer MOSFET, quantum SRAM cell, and band-aligned superlattices. He has held more than 15 patents and published over 300 papers. He received many awards, including IBM Faculty Award; Guggenheim Fellow; IEEE Fellow; TSMC Honor Lectureship Award; Honoris Causa at Politechnico University, Torino, Italy; Semiconductor Research Corporation Inventor Awards; European Material Research Society Meeting Best paper award; the Semiconductor Research Corporation Technical Excellence Achievement Award.
He is a leader in Nanotechnology. He recently appointed as Raytheon Chair Professor of Physical Science. He serves on the editorial board of the Encyclopedia of Nanoscience and Nanotechnology TM (American Scientific publishers). He currently also serves as the Director of Marco Focus Center on Functional Engineered Nano Architectonics (FENA), an interdisciplinary Research Center, funded by Semiconductor Industry Association and Department of Defense to address the need of information processing technology beyond scaled CMOS. The Center involves 12 universities across the nation with 35 participating faculty members. He is also the Director of the Western Institute of Nanoelectronics (WIN) - a coordinated multi-project Research Institute. WIN is funded by NRI, Intel and the State of California. The current on-going projects are aimed at spintronics for low power applications. He currently serves as the Editor-in-Chief for the IEEE Transactions on Nanotechnology (TNANO). He was also the founding director of Nanoelectronics Research Facility at UCLA (established in 1989) with the infrastructure to further research in nanotechnology. In addition to these technical leadership contributions, he has provided academic leadership in engineering education. He was also the Dean of Engineering from 2000 to 2002 at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.
Awards & Recognition.
2009: Semiconductor Industry Award Research Award
2007: IBM Faculty Award
2006: Raytheon Chair Professor of Physical Electronics
2006: Director of Western Institute of Nanoelectronics (WIN)
2003: Director of National Center of Functional Engineered Nano Architectonics (FENA)
1996: Semiconductor Research Corporation Technical Excellency Award
1992: Fellow, IEEE
1987-88: Guggenheim Fellow Award, Max Planck Institute, Germany
Books.
"Wang, K.L." and Ovchinnikov, I., "Nanoelectronics and Nanospintronics: Fundamentals and Materials Perspective", In: Advances in Electronic Materials, Kasper, E., Mussig, H- J. and Grimmeiss, H. (Eds.), Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland, Vol. 608, pp. 133– 158 (2009)
"Wang, K.L.", Galatsis, K., Ostroumov, R., Ozkan, M., Likharev, K. and Botros, Y., "Chapter 10: Nanoarchitectonics: Advances in Nanoelectronics", In: Handbook of Nanoscience, Engineering, and Technology, Second Edition, Goddard, W., Brenner, D.W., Lyshevski, S.E. and Iafrate, G.J. (Eds.), CRC Press, pp. 10.1-10.24 (2007)
Eshaghian-Wilner, M. M., Flood, A. H., Khitun, A., Stoddart, J. F., "Wang, K.L.", "Chapter 14. Molecular and Nanoscale Computing and Technology", In: Handbook of Nature- Inspired and Innovative Computing: Integrating Classical Models with Emerging Technologies, Zomaya, A.Y. (Ed.), USA: Spinger-Verlag, 477-510 (2006)
"Wang, K.L." and Balandin, A.A., editors, The Handbook of Semiconductor Nanostructures and Nanodevices, America Scientific Publishers, 2005

</doc>
<doc id="31184642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184642" title="These Girls Are Missing">
These Girls Are Missing

These Girls Are Missing is a 1995 documentary film from directors Shari Robertson and Michael Camerini. In a striking and bold manner, it addresses the gender gap in education in Africa. Its world premiere was at the UN Fourth World Conference on Women. The film grew out of an initiative by the FAWE, The Forum for African Women Educationalists, with additional support from the Rockefeller Foundation and UNICEF.
The film's purpose was to address, as Robertson puts it, "the elephant in the room" about girls in school and allow for discussion of attitudes about the effect of education on African girls and their societies. It is currently used for training within the Peace Corps who, in statements, have described the film as "rich in its learning opportunities as well as being beautifully filmed."
Synopsis.
""A film about men and women, about marriage... families... having babies, about tradition, and the modern world... about who goes to school in Africa... and why girls are missing." - Official tag-line."
Every year girls in African schools "go missing," from school classrooms. This film analyzes the stories of five schoolgirls and examines the causes and consequences of the high dropout rates among girls. The stories are told directly by Malawian and Guinean girls and their families.
Also presented is a group of elders from a Malinké village conversing about the issue.
Release.
"These Girls Are Missing" was initially commissioned by FAWE, The Forum for African Women Educationalists, and premiered at the United Nations’ 1995 Fourth World Conference on Women, in Beijing. Because of its wide range of intended audiences, the film is available in seven languages: English, French, Malinké, Susu, Poular, Ki-Swahili and Chichewa.
Since its release, the film has been distributed widely by the Ministries of Education in both Guinea and Malawi, and used in focus groups and workshops promoting girls’ education. FAWE also distributed the film unto associate members in Ministries of Education in Zanzibar, Angola, Cameroon, Namibia, Tanzania, Kenya, Senegal, Mauritius, Seychelles, Botswana, São Tomé e Principe, Mozambique, Uganda and Ghana.
The film has also screened at Cinema du Reel, Paris; CIES (Comparative and International Education Society) Conference, Buffalo, NY; Marymount Manhattan College, NY; and the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, Princeton University. It has also been screened for the U.S. State Department, U.S. Agency for International Development, Inter-American Development Bank, World Council for Comparative Education Societies and the U.S. National Academy of Sciences.
The Girls Know it.
The filmmakers also produced a shorter version of the film called The Girls Know It, released in 1997. It is hosted, on screen, by The Honorable Aicha Bah, Minister of Education in Guinea. The film is shorter, at 47 minutes and was released in 1997. It is available in seven languages as well. This 47-minute cut is available in the same seven languages as the 60-minute film.
Educational Use.
UNICEF, USAID, and the Peace Corps have made extensive use of "These Girls Are Missing" as a training and education tool.
Critical reception.
The film received the Cine Golden Eagle under the Documentary Feature category and a Silver Plaque as part of the 31st annual Chicago International Film Festival.
March, 1998 "Moving Pictures Bulletin" reviewed the film as analyzing and contrasting situations "represent a new generation who may finally break the cycle of girls in Africa forced to miss out on their education."

</doc>
<doc id="31184650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184650" title="Culduthel">
Culduthel

Culduthel (Gaelic: Cùil Daothail) is an area in the south of the city of Inverness, in the Highland council area of Scotland. The area is largely residential, and is the location of Inverness Royal Academy.
One historic building is Culduthel House, a former manor house. This building was used as part of Culduthel Hospital, until the hospital was closed in 1989.
Several Bronze Age archeological sites have been found in the area. These include a Clava type cairn and a burial cist.

</doc>
<doc id="31184651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184651" title="Internet influences on communities">
Internet influences on communities

A community is “a body of people or things viewed collectively” (Oxford English Dictionary, 2011). According to Brint (2001), community is “aggregates of people who share common activities and/or beliefs and who are bound together principally by relations of affect, loyalty, common values, and/or personal concern ~i.e., interest in the personalities and life events of one another”.
Jenny Preece (2000) suggested to evaluate communities according to physical features: size, location and the boundaries that confined them. When commuting became a way of life and cheaper transportation made it easier for people to join multiple communities to satisfy different needs, the strength and type of relationships among people seemed more promising criteria (Preece, 2000).
Since social capital is built of trust, rules, norms and networks, it can be said that the social capital of communities is grown. The lower entrance barriers to the community have made it easier to be a part of many different communities. This goes hand in hand with Don Tapscott's theory of how the digital society have changed collaboration and innovation to a world of co-creation (Tapscott, 2007).
From birth to death, people are shaped by the communities to which they belong, affecting everything from how they talk to whom they talk with (Preece 2000). Just like the telephone and the television changed the way people interact socially, computers have transformed communication and at the same time created new norms for social capital.
“A virtual community is a group of people who may or may not meet one another face to face, who exchange words and ideas through the mediation of computer bulletin board systems and other digital networks” (Encyclopædia Britannica, 2011). Along with the fact that computer usage have spread, the use of virtual communities have grown. Rheingold (1993) defines virtual communities as “social aggregations that emerge from the Net when enough people carry on those public discussions long enough, with sufficient human feeling, to form webs of personal relationships in cyberspace”. Michael Porter (2006) describes a virtual community as “an aggregation of individuals or business partners who interact around a shared interest, where the interaction is at least partially supported and/or mediated by technology and guided by some protocols or norms”.
Virtual communities consists of “people with shared interests or goals for whom electronic communication is a primary form of interaction” (Dennis, Pootheri, Natarajan, 1998) and have created new forms of collaboration. “The most skilled and experienced members of the community provide leadership and help integrate contributions from the community as a whole. This way, virtual communities can use the voluntary motivations that exist in a community to assign the right person to the right task more effectively than traditional forms” (Tapscott, 2007).
According to Benkler, we can “see a thickening of the preexisting relations with friends and family, in particular with those who were hard to reach earlier (Benkler 2006). Also, we are beginning to see the emergence of a greater scope for limited-purpose, loose relationships. Although these may not fit the ideal model of virtual communities, they are effective and meaningful to their participants”.
The heightened individual capacity that actually is a driving social force have raised concerns by many that the Internet is further fragmenting the community, making people spend their time in front of their computer instead of socialize with each other (Benkler, 2006). Empirical studies show, however, that we are using the Internet and communities on the expense of television, and that is an exchange that promotes social ties.
Social capital.
Social capital is a concept built from the premise that some value emanates from social networking sites due to the social interaction which may have positive influence in the society of the individuals who belong to the group by facilitating coordinated actions (Putnam et al., 1993). Simply put, social capital is “the ability of people to work together for some common purpose” (Rosenfeld, 1997). Trust, rules, norms and networks create social capital (Barr, 2000), Narayan (1997).
Evaluation.
A number of innovative ways have been employed to measure social capital, however, there is not a one true way of measuring it. First, the most comprehensive definitions of social capital are multidimensional, incorporating different levels and units of analysis. Second, any attempt to measure the properties of inherently ambiguous concepts such as "community", "network" and "organization" is correspondingly problematic. Third, few long-standing surveys were designed to measure "social capital", leaving contemporary researchers to compile indexes from a range of approximate items, such as measures of trust in government, voting trends, memberships in civic organizations, hours spent volunteering. New surveys currently being tested will hopefully produce more direct and accurate indicators.
Measuring social capital may be difficult, but it is not impossible, and several excellent studies have identified useful proxies for social capital, using different types and combinations of qualitative, comparative and quantitative research methodologies .
Knack and Keefer (1997) used indicators of trust and civic norms from the World Values Survey for a sample of 29 market economies. They used these measures as proxies for the strength of civic associations in order to test two different propositions on the effects of social capital on economic growth, the "Olson effects" (associations stifle growth through rent-seeking) and "Putnam effects" (associations facilitate growth by increasing trust). Inglehart (1997) has done the most extensive work on the implications of the WVS’s results for general theories of modernization and development.
Narayan and Pritchett (1997) construct a measure of social capital in rural Tanzania, using data from the Tanzania Social Capital and Poverty Survey (SCPS). This large-scale survey asked individuals about the extent and characteristics of their associational activity, and their trust in various institutions and individuals. They match this measure of social capital with data on household income in the same villages (both from the SCPS and from an earlier household survey, the Human Resources Development Survey). They find that village-level social capital raises household incomes.
Temple and Johnson (1998), extending the earlier work of Adelman and Morris (1967), use ethnic diversity, social mobility, and the prevalence of telephone services in several sub-Saharan African countries as proxies for the density of social networks. They combine several related items into an index of "social capability", and show that this can explain significant amounts of variation in national economic growth rates.
Measuring social capital may be difficult, but it is not impossible, and several excellent studies have identified useful proxies for social capital, using different types and combinations of qualitative, comparative and quantitative research methodologies (Woolcock and Narayan, 2000).
How we measure social capital depends on how we define it. The most comprehensive definitions of social capital are multidimensional, incorporating different levels and units of analysis. Trust, civic engagement, and community involvement are generally seen as ways to measure social capital. Depending on the definition of social capital and the context, some indicators may be more appropriate than others.
Once it has been decided which how social capital is to be measured, for example by measuring civic engagement through household surveys, cultural factors may be taken into account in designing the survey instrument. Newspaper readership may be a better indicator of civic engagement in Italy (Putnam, 1993) than in India because of the varying literacy rates.
Measuring social capital among the poor, particularly studying the same households over time, is difficult because the poor are often involved in informal work, may not have a long-term address or may move.
Robert D. Putnam (2000) suggested a social capital concepts of bonding and bridging. Bonding is viewed as relations among members of the same community. Bridging is viewed as relationships between members among different communities.
Influences on communities.
Business 'cluster' is “used to represent concentrations of firms that are able to produce synergy because of their geographic proximity and interdependence” (Rosenfeld, 1997). Steinfield, C. et al. (2010) found, that “the amount of perceived social capital significantly predicted market exposure” of company performance in a knowledge-intensive business cluster. Social capital strengthens regional production networks.
The rate of networking (defined as various forms of strategic alliances and joint ventures) generally reflects the levels of social capital and trust that exists (Rosenfeld, 1997). Robert Putnam (1993) found that stock of social capital predicts economic performance. There is some evidence suggesting that social relationships play an important role in the survival of small businesses (Granovetter, 1984), yet the relative contribution of other factors, such as managerial skills and environmental context are unknown.
At the institutional level, disciplinary climate and academic norms established by the school community and the mutual trust between home and school are major forms of social capital. These forms of social capital are found to contribute to student learning outcomes in East Asian countries such as Singapore, Korea, and Hong Kong. They have been shown to have a significant impact, not only on creating a learning and caring school climate, but also on improving the quality of schooling and reducing inequality of learning outcomes between social-class groups.
Information and communication technologies (ICT) affect various aspects of communities, including communications, social capital, friendships and trust. Internet has the most influence on communities due to its interactive nature and wide usage. According to Katz, Rice, Aspden (2001) “Internet has unique, even transformational qualities as a communication channel, including relative anonymity and the ability to easily link with others who have similar interests, values, and beliefs”.
Internet, and computer-mediated communication supports and accelerates ways how people operate at the centers of partial, personal communities, and switching rapidly and frequently between different groups (Wellman, 1996). Internet usage is associated with positive and negative aspects for communities.
For example, Bargh and McKenna (2004) claim that “Internet use does not appear to weaken the fabric of neighborhoods and communities”. Galston (1999) claims, that Internet is “capable of promoting a kind of socialization and moral learning through mutual adjustment”.
Kavanaugh and Patterson (2001) did not find that increased Internet usage increased community involvement and attachment. According to Gilleard, C. et al. (2007), “ownership and use of domestic information and communication technology reduces the sense of attachment to the local neighborhood among individuals 50 and older in England.” But they continue that “domestic information and communication technology may be more liberating of neighborhood boundedness than destructive of social capital.”
Anonymity is often mentioned in popular media as a possible cause for negative effects. But according to Bargh and McKenna (2004), anonymity also associated with positive effects: “research has found that the relative anonymity aspect encourages self-expression, and the relative absence of physical and nonverbal interaction cues (e.g., attractiveness) facilitates the formation of relationships on other, deeper bases such as shared values and beliefs.”
Pigg and Crank (2004) suggest how Internet can facilitate interaction within members of community. They suggest a concept of “reciprocity transaction”, that implies that “one person provides something of value to another in expectation that, at some point in time, the other person will act similarly”. It is suggested that ICT supports reciprocity transaction by providing social support or valuable information not available to public, and share meaning. Shared presence combined with depth of information provides shared meaning (Miranda and Saunders, 2003).
Internet usage is generally not associated with decline in social contact. For example, Katz, Rice, Aspden (2001) found that Internet users were more likely to communicate with others through other media (especially telephone) more than do nonusers, and Internet use was associated with greater levels of social interaction (although this was more widely dispersed). Thy claim, that “Internet use does not appear to weaken the fabric of neighborhoods and communities.” Ellison, Steinfield and Lampe (2007) claim that online interactions do not necessarily remove people from their offline world, but support relationships, especially when life changes move them away from each other. They say, that Internet “seems well-suited to social software applications because it enables users to maintain such ties cheaply and easily”.
Internet-based communications is usually cheaper than phone, fax and letter-based communications, and are regarded as cheap to keep up with family and friends abroad (Foley, 2004), to keep up with business friends (e.g. Molony, 2009).
Galston (1999) suggested an approach to analyze virtual communities based on entry and exist costs: “when barriers to leaving old groups and joining new ones are relatively low, exit will tend to be the preferred option; as these costs rise, the exercise of voice becomes more likely.” He suggested, that “exit community will be the predominant response to dissatisfaction”. Also, “virtual communities do not promote the development of voice; because they emphasize personal choice, they do not acknowledge the need for authority”, and do not foster mutual obligation.
Influences on family, friends and neighbors.
Positive Internet usage on relationships between family members and friends were found. For example, Bargh and McKenna (2004) wrote that “Internet, mainly through e-mail, has facilitated communication and thus close ties between family and friends, especially those too far away to visit in person on a regular basis”.
ICT helps to create friendships. “When Internet-formed relationships get close enough (i.e., when sufficient trust has been established), people tend to bring them into their “real world”—that is, the traditional face-to-face and telephone interaction sphere” (Bargh, McKenna, 2004.) “Internet facilitates new connections, in that it provides people with an alternative way to connect with others who share their interests or relational goals” (Ellison, Heino, & Gibbs, 2006).
Cummings, Lee and Kraut (2006) found that students who move off to college “communicating with these friends prevents the relationships from declining as swiftly as they otherwise would. Communication seems to inject energy into a relationship and prevents it from going dormant.” Email and instant messaging are found to be especially useful.
Hampton and Wellman (2001) found that, in a wired community, many neighbors got to know each other better through the use of a local computer network. But according to Katz (2001), “use of the Internet per se is not associated with different levels of awareness of one’s neighbors”.
Influences on social network.
Social networks play increasingly larger role for Internet users. According to Castells (1999), “social networks substitute for communities, with locally based communities being one of the many possible alternatives for the creation and maintenance of social networks, and the Internet providing another such alternative.”
Social networks provide possibilities to create new relationships, and to maintain existing ones. According to Lampe, Ellison, Steinfield (2007), users of a popular social network Facebook mainly use the network to learn more about people they meet offline, and are less inclined to initiate new connections: “Facebook members seem to be using Facebook as a surveillance tool for maintaining previous relationships, and as a “social search” tool by which they investigate people they’ve met offline”.
Connections formed online sometimes are transformed to off-line personal relationships. Parks and Floyd (1996) report that 60% of their random sample “reported that they had formed a personal relationship of some kind with someone they had first contacted through a newsgroup”, and that “relationships that begin on line rarely stay there”.
Privacy issues are commonly reported in popular media. According to Gross and Acquisti (2005), “many individuals in a person’s online extended network would hardly be defined as actual friends by that person; in fact many may be complete strangers. And yet, personal and often sensitive information is freely and publicly provided.” Therefore users potentially expose themselves to physical and cyber risks.
Influences on social capital.
Internet usage can cause multiple effects for social capital, and its effects are not yet clear. For example, Pigg & Crank (2004) suggest that studies of relationship between online networks and social capital is still too much in their infancy to reach any useful conclusions. Although it is generally thought that Internet affects social capital, “mechanisms are unclear” (Hampton, Wellman, 1999).
Internet usage can both increase and decrease social capital: “people engage in social and asocial activities when online” (Hampton, Wellman, 1999).
For example, Nie (2001) claims that that social capital can be decreased: “Internet use may actually reduce interpersonal interaction and communication”. He also claims, that “Internet users do not become more sociable; rather, they already display a higher degree of social connectivity and participation”. Hampton, Wellman (1999) claims, that “increased connectivity and involvement not only can expose people to more contact and more information, it can reduce commitment to community”, because “immersiveness can turn people away from community”.
Some researchers claim, that social capital can be increased by Internet usage. For example, Ellison, Heino, & Gibbs (2006) claim that “Internet facilitates new connections, in that it provides people with an alternative way to connect with others who share their interests or relational goals”. Hampton, Wellman (1999) state that Internet supplements network capital “by extending existing levels of face-to-face and telephone contact.”
Reduction of communication costs increase frequency and duration of communication, and increase social capital’s bonding and bridging.
The Net is particularly suited to the development of multiple weak ties (Castells, 1999), thus expanding sociability beyond the socially defined boundaries of self-recognition. Internet supports weak ties between individuals, which can the foundation for bridging social capital (Ellison, Steinfieldm, Lampe, 2007). Resnick (2001) suggests that with the help of new technologies (e.g. distribution lists, photo directories, search) new forms of social capital occurs in online social network sites. Ellison, Steinfield and Lampe (2007) suggest that intensity of Facebook use is positively associated with individuals’ perceived bridging social capital: for undergraduate students there is a “strong association between use of Facebook and the three types of social capital, with the strongest relationship being to bridging social capital.
According to Williams (2006), because low costs of communication, there might be more of the bridging function online than offline. "The social capital created by these networks generates broader identities and generalized reciprocity". Williams (2006) suggested Internet Social Capital Scales (ICST) to measure social capital bridging and bonding. Ellison, Steinfield and Lampe (2007) assessed social capital bonding by using ICST, and found, that “Facebook is indeed implicated in students’ efforts to develop and maintain bridging social capital at college, although we cannot assess causal direction.”
Intensity of Facebook use was positively associated with individuals’ perceived bonding social capital (Ellison, Steinfield and Lampe, 2007). But they also found, that bonding social capital was also predicted by high self-esteem, satisfaction with university life, as with use of Facebook. Therefore high self-esteem, and satisfaction with university life are likely causes of perceived bonding social capital, and heavier Facebook use.
Friends use Internet to maintain ties. “Internet is particularly useful for keeping contact among friends who are socially and geographically dispersed. ... Distance still matters: communication is lower with distant than nearby friends” (Hampton, Wellman, 1999).

</doc>
<doc id="31184657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184657" title="Ivo Wesby">
Ivo Wesby

Ivo Wesby (1902-1961), born "Ignacy Singer" in Kraków, Poland, was a composer and director. He studied music in Vienna. In the 1920s he was music director of various revi-teaters (revue theaters) in Warsaw, and in the last years before the outbreak of World War II he led the well known "Groyse Revie (Big Revue)". He was music director for some famous Polish and Yiddish films including "Mamele, Fredek uszczęśliwia świat, Co mój mąż robi w nocy, Serce matki, Moi rodzice rozwodzą się, Gehenna, Rena", and "Królowa przedmieścia."
In the Warsaw Ghetto, with Jerzy Jurandot he created a revi-teater in the Polish language, with actors from the Polish stage. He survived the war thanks to a polish singer Mieczysław Fogg, who had a family of Wesby, and emigrated to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31184665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184665" title="Francis d'Aguilar">
Francis d'Aguilar

Francis d'Aguilar (1849–1896) was a rugby union international who represented England in 1872, scoring a try in that match.
Early life.
Francis d'Aguilar was born on 11 December 1849. He was the grandson of Lieutenant-Colonel George Thomas d'Aguilar and Catherine Burton, who between them reportedly had 20 children. George Thomas d'Aguilar having secured a commission on the Bengal Establishment of the Honourable East India Company's service, left England and was posted to the 13th Madras Native Infantry and was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant on 29 May 1800. He eventually died in Calcutta on 9 October 1839. Francis' grandmother, Catherine Burton, was the daughter of Reverend Edward Burton, Vicar of Annaghdown, County Galway and Maria Margaretta Campbell, who it is claimed was descended from Louis XIV of France by a Countess of Montmorency. Francis uncle was the explorer Sir Richard Francis Burton (1821–1890).
Rugby union career.
D'Aguilar played rugby for the Royal Engineers within the army and made his international debut on 5 February 1872 in front of 4,000 spectators at The Oval in the England vs Scotland match. This was the second time the teams had met and in fact the second international match, as well as being the first time England had hosted an international rugby match. England won the match, a reversal of the previous year's result in Scotland. In this 1872 meeting Scotland opened the scoring with a drop goal from Cathcart. England responded through Hamersley touching down for a try. In itself, the try was not worth any points, but afforded England a "try at goal" and this was converted by Francis Isherwood. England then scored a dropgoal from the boot of Freeman in the second half. England continued to dominate and Francis d'Aguilar himself scored a try but Isherwood failed to convert d'Aguilar's try, thus no points were scored. Finney's try for England was also not converted. However, England prevailed by two goals to one, with two extra tries. Shortly after his international appearance he was posted to India and spent much of his life there. He did return to England in the early part of the 1880s and on his return played for Bath as well as Somerset. His participation for Bath made him the earliest international to play for Bath, though he had already been capped when he joined them. Thus, Herbert Fuller who represented England in 1882 remains Bath's first international whilst playing for the club.
Military career and later life.
D'Aguilar attended the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. He followed in the footsteps of Charles Sherrard in gaining international honours shortly after leaving that institution. On 1 December 1870 was promoted from Gentleman Cadet to Lieutenant, with temporary rank. He was promoted from the rank of captain to major in 1889. D'Aguilar spent most of his life in India and was married that to Frances L Stockwell in 1874. In 1876 they had a son, John Burton Stockwell D'Aguilar, in 1885 a daughter, Frances Windfred D'Aguilar, and in 1887 a daughter, Violet Marion D'Aguilar, all christened in Dalhousie, West Bengal, India. In 1889 another daughter was born, Rose Aileen D'Aguilar, in Mean Meer, Bengal, India. Francis' son, John, like his father played rugby for Bath as well as Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="31184666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184666" title="2003–04 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team">
2003–04 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team

The 2003–04 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team represented Gonzaga University in the NCAA men's Division I competition.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2004 West Coast Conference Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31184682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184682" title="Monumental Challenge">
Monumental Challenge

Monumental Challenge is a television series created by the History Channel. 

</doc>
<doc id="31184708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184708" title="Revenue and Customs Commissioners v Holland">
Revenue and Customs Commissioners v Holland

Re Paycheck Services 3 Ltd or Revenue and Customs Commissioners v Holland [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKSC/2010/51.html UKSC 51 is a UK insolvency law and company law case, concerning misfeasance.
Facts.
Mr Holland set up several composite companies that paid salaries and dividends to its contractors as if they were employees and nonvoting shareholders, so as to reduce the amount of tax they paid, but not load them with the administrative burdens if they set up themselves as companies. However the tax scheme failed because the result of the share structure was that Holland was in control of them and they were associated for tax purposes, each was liable for high corporation tax and the companies went insolvent. Holland was the director of another company which itself was the director of those companies, and the Revenue was the sole remaining creditor. It claimed Holland was liable under Insolvency Act 1986 section 212 to account for dividends as they were misapplied or Holland was guilty of misfeasance or breach of fiduciary duty, and for that Holland needed to be treated as a "de facto" director.
Judgment.
Lord Hope, Lord Collins and Lord Saville held that because the parent company and Holland were separate legal persons, simply acting as a director of a corporate director was not enough to make Holland a "de facto" director. Holland needed to have assumed responsibility in relation to the subject companies, but he had only discharged his duties as director. If he was the "guiding mind" then that would be true in all cases of corporate directors.
Lord Walker and Lord Clarke dissented and would have held that if Holland deliberately procured dividend payments he was a "de facto" director of the composite companies and owed them a fiduciary duty.

</doc>
<doc id="31184763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184763" title="Paul Gowsell">
Paul Gowsell

Paul Gowsell is a Canadian curler from Calgary, Alberta. Gowsell hit the men's competitive curling world by storm in the late 1970s with his unorthodox antics.
Playing career.
Gowsell was the first skip to win two World Junior Curling Championships. He won his first World Junior championship in 1976, defeating Sweden's Jan Ullsten. He repeated in 1978 by defeating Sweden again, this time skipped by Thomas Håkansson. Gowsell was the third skip to win two Canadian Junior Men's Championships which he did in 1975 and 1978. After juniors, Gowsell was very successful on the cash 'spiel circuit, but played in just one Brier. When he was in his early 20s, Gowsell took his Alberta championship team to an 8-3 record at the 1980 Labatt Brier, and lost to Al Hackner's Northern Ontario team in the semi-final. Gowsell to date has not returned to the Brier, but has played some competitive events since, most recently at the Alberta provincial seniors curling championship in 2010.[http://www.calgarysun.com/sports/othersports/2010/02/16/12894646-sun.html]
On January 5, 2013, Gowsell made a return to men's playdown curling, qualifying for the Alberta Southerns (a qualifier for the Boston Pizza Cup) for the first time in numerous years. He teamed up with former Junior Alberta Provincial Champion, Mike Sali, his son, Sam Gowsell, and young up and coming lead Jamie Cochrane. They are set to continue their season on January 18, 2013 in Brooks, Alberta for Southern Playdowns. http://apps.saca.ca/pdm/Playdowns/ViewTreesWrapper/38
Antics.
Gowsell was considered the "rebel of the curling world" in the 1970s and early 1980s. According to curler Brent Pierce, "in the '70s, he'd travel in a VW van, partying and drinking beer. And he always wore plaid pants. Rumour has it that he never washed them." In those days, he sported long hair and a beard; Hec Gervais once commented about Gowsell that, "with a shave and "two" haircuts, he'd be alright."
In a game against Saskatchewan's Larry McGrath, Gowsell was known to have ordered a pizza to the game. Gowsell's team ate the pizza on the ice, and according to legend, McGrath's last stone picked on an olive from the pizza, losing him the game.
Gowsell's teams were also credited with popularizing the use of the "pushbroom" in the sport. His teams revolutionized sweeping techniques in the sport, taking advantage of the chaff left on the ice by most of their competitors who had been using the "Blackjack" style of corn brooms prior to the Gowsell successes at the championship levels. [http://slam.canoe.ca/Slam/Columnists/Bender/2008/03/09/4953041-sun.html]

</doc>
<doc id="31184774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184774" title="Hendon Publishing Company">
Hendon Publishing Company

Hendon Publishing Company is an American law enforcement publishing and trade-show exposition company. Hendon Publishing offers four distinct business-to-government publications: LAW and ORDER, Tactical Response, Public Safety IT and Police Fleet Manager – and two expositions – Police Fleet Expo and Police Fleet Expo-West.
History.
"Law and Order Magazine", the company's flagship publication, was started in 1953 on Long Island, New York, at the Copp Organization. From the very first issue, William Copp tried to produce a publication that would be useful to the police department administrator of the day. Not a theoretical discussion of what policing should look like in the future. This was truly a how-to magazine for police department administrators who had little or no formal education in Criminal Justice. Most police officers in the 1950s did not graduate from high school and advanced by moving up the ranks from patrolman. Under the guidance of Editor-in-Chief Lee Lawler, "Law and Order" was able to produce useful content from experts in the field. The first issue of the publication even carried a guest editorial from then Georgia Governor Herman Talmadge, who was embroiled in controversy over his segregationist policies. The civil rights demonstrations from those days continue to have an impact on policing today.
In the early 1960s, Lawler left the company and was replaced by Frank G. MacAloon. MacAloon, who used a wheelchair, continued to guide the publication successfully until 1979. During his tenure, Mr. MacAloon continued to seek out editorial guests to comment on issues of the day. The protests of the sixties brought policing into a specific light as never before. Television news brought nightly pictures of protesters engaged with police both violently and non-violently. "Law and Order" magazine was there to guide police departments on how to properly train their officers and avoid nasty confrontations. Mr. MacAloon also oversaw the explosion of illicit drugs in America during the 1970s, when police had to utilize many new techniques to combat the massive influx of illegal narcotics. Again, Law and Order Magazine was there educating administrators on new tools and techniques to combat a problem that had not existed 20 years prior. At one point in the late 1970s, "Law and Order" carried a guest editorial from then Arkansas Governor William J. Clinton who eventually became President of the United States.
From the very beginning in 1953, H. Scott Kingwill, the eventual founder of Hendon Publishing Company, was working as an advertising salesman at the Copp Organization focusing primarily on Law and Order Magazine. During those early years, the publication carried advertising from Metcalf Uniform, Federal Signal and Midland Radio to name a few. In 1978, Mr. Copp, who was looking to retire, sold "Law and Order" Magazine to Kingwill. At the time, Kingwill was also running a successful forensic equipment supply business, Ace Fingerprint Company, on Elston Avenue in Chicago, IL. In early 1979 Mr. Kingwill moved the magazine headquarters from Long Island to Chicago. At that same time Mr. Kingwill hired Bruce Cameron, a Public Relations executive with Bell & Howell, to become the new Editorial Director of Law and Order.
Currently, Hendon is headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois and is under the co-ownership of Peter C. Kingwill and Henry S. Kingwill. 
Publications.
LAW and ORDER<br>
Tactical Response<br>
Public Safety IT<br>
Police Fleet Manager

</doc>
<doc id="31184779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184779" title="Vien (Rabbinical dynasty)">
Vien (Rabbinical dynasty)

Vien (וויען) is a Rabbinical hasidic dynasty originating in present-day Vienna. The current rav of Vien is Rav Chaim Z. Hersh Zegelbaum of Brooklyn, New York, a descendant of Rav Menachem Mendel Stern (1759–1834) of Sighet, author of "Derech Emunah".

</doc>
<doc id="31184781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184781" title="Use of social media in the Wisconsin protests">
Use of social media in the Wisconsin protests

The use of social media over the past few years has changed from social conversation to being directly used in major issues. An example of this is the use of social media in the 2011 Wisconsin protests over public unions that have occurred during February and March 2011.Both sides to this debate have used various social media networks to get their message out and in attempt to convince others to join their cause. Many organizations around the country have joined this use of social media to voice their own opinions about the issue in Wisconsin. With the use of these mediums this issue quickly went from a state issue to one on the national and even international stage.
Positions.
Pro-Union.
The Pro-Union side has used many forms of social media to help attempt to sway public opinion and to organize protests. The group called "Wisconsin Students for Solidarity" organized a national student walkout via a Facebook page to take place on March 11. An attorney named Bill Mahler decided to close his law firm early on March 11 as well to show support for the Unions. With the use of his blog and Twitter account he was able to get the message out in attempt to convince other law firms to do the same. The interesting part is that Mahler's firm is not located in Wisconsin, but in Seattle, Washington. This shows that the internet and social media has allowed issues that were confined to geographic areas the ability to take a nation or world-wide stage. These protests and actions have had positive effects in other states for opponents of the bill in Wisconsin. Republicans recently dropped a similar bill under pressures from Democrats and other union supporters.
Governor Walker and supporters.
Governor Scott Walker used Twitter to state his ideas, communicate with those who agree with him, and allow those who do not to respond. Some of the tweets have even been looked at as actively negotiating with the Unions by some writers. His supporters used the same types of social media to drum up support around not only Wisconsin but the entire nation, just as the opposition had done. One website, americansforprosperity.org has a petition set up on their website available for those who agree with Walker to sign. this site also has Twitter updates and a link to a Facebook] page. Other major political figures have also used the internet] to voice their support for the governor. Former Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty posted a video and started a petition on his website. Also, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich posted a public appeal on a conservative website.
Media.
On Twitter, people used the hashtag "#wiunion" to tag tweets related to the protests.

</doc>
<doc id="31184783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184783" title="Where's Raymond?">
Where's Raymond?

"Where's Raymond?" is an American sitcom that aired on ABC, starring Ray Bolger. The series aired from October 1953 to April 22, 1955. The series' title was spurred by Bolger's Broadway stage hit "Where's Charley?".
In the 1954-1955 season, the series was renamed The Ray Bolger Show.
Synopsis.
Bolger stars as Raymond Wallace, a song-and-dance man who is consistently barely on time for his performances. Bolger's co-stars in both seasons were Richard Erdman as Pete Morrisey, Ray's landlord and press agent and Sylvia Lewis as Sylvia, Ray's dancing partner and the series choreographer. Allyn Joslyn appeared as Jonathan Wallace, Ray's brother. Betty Lynn played Jonathan's wife June, and Frances Karath played their daughter Ginny.
In the second season, Marjie Millar played Susan, Ray's girlfriend and an aspiring writer from Iowa, and Christine Nelson portrayed Katie Jones, Susan's friend. 
Production notes.
The series was filmed by Desilu at General Service Studios in Hollywood. "Where's Ramond?" aired at 8:30 EST on Thursdays opposite "Four Star Playhouse", an anthology series on CBS and "Treasury Men in Action" on NBC. 

</doc>
<doc id="31184789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184789" title="Oraphasmophaga">
Oraphasmophaga

Oraphasmophaga is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31184814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184814" title="Service blueprint">
Service blueprint

The service blueprint is a technique used for service innovation, but has also found applications in diagnosing problems with operational efficiency and can be used to conceptualise structural change (i.e. repositioning). The technique was first described by Lynn Shostack, a bank executive, in the Harvard Business Review in 1982. The blueprint shows processes within the company, divided into different components which are separated by lines.
Contents.
The service blueprint defines:
Building a blueprint.
The process of structuring a blueprint involves six steps: 
Traditionally, service blueprints have been depicted with lines and text boxes to depict 
anything from user actions to support processes.

</doc>
<doc id="31184821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184821" title="Frank &amp; John Bredow House">
Frank &amp; John Bredow House

The Frank & John Bredow House is an historic home located in the Hamburg Historic District in Davenport, Iowa, United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The house was individually listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 2000.
History.
John T. and Anna Bredow were both born in Schleswig-Holstein in 1825. Their eldest son, John F., was born there in 1853. The family immigrated to Kiel, Wisconsin about the same time. Their sons Frank and Gerhard were born in Wisconsin. In 1870 the family moved to Davenport where John T. operated a tavern. He built the family home on Gaines Street around 1876. His son John F. married Bertha Krieger in 1883 they had a daughter, Rhoda, who was born the following year. The three lived with John T. and Anna in the house on Gaines Street. The other sons had moved elsewhere. John F. worked for the German Savings Bank for 25 years. He became president of Iowa Mantle Manufacturing Co. and then president of Hydraulic Concrete Construction Co. 
The elder Bredows died around 1896, and John F. and his family continued to live in the house until 1920, when they moved to West Fourth Street. At some point after they moved the home was divided into apartments. By 2005 the house had been vacant for 20 years; it was boarded up, part of its roof was missing and it was slated for demolition by the city. Volunteers from the Gateway Redevelopment Group and the Davenport HAPPEN program renovated the structure into a single family home.

</doc>
<doc id="31184828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184828" title="Torquoselectivity">
Torquoselectivity

Torquoselectivity is a special kind of stereoselectivity observed in electrocyclic reactions in organic chemistry, defined as "the preference for inward or outward rotation of substituents in conrotatory
or disrotatory electrocyclic reactions." Torquoselectivity is not to be confused with the normal diastereoselectivity seen in pericyclic reactions, as it represents a further level of selectivity beyond the Woodward-Hoffman rules. The name derives from the idea that the substituents in an electrocyclization appear to rotate over the course of the reaction, and thus selection of a single product is equivalent to selection of one direction of rotation (i.e. the direction of torque on the substituents). The concept was originally developed by Kendall N. Houk.
For ring closing reactions, it is an example of enantioselectivity, wherein a single enantiomer of a cyclization product is formed from the selective ring closure of the starting material. In a typical electrocyclic ring closing, selection for either conrotatory or disrotatory reactions modes still produces two enantiomers. Torquoselectivity is a discrimination "between" these possible enantiomers that requires asymmetric induction.
Torquoselectivity is also used to describe selective electrocyclic ring openings, in which different directions of rotation produce distinct structural isomers. In these cases, steric strain is often the driving force for the selectivity. Studies have shown that the selectivity can also be changed by the presence of electron donating and electron withdrawing groups.
Other mechanisms by which torquoselectivity can operate include chiral Lewis acid catalysts, induction via neighboring stereocenters (in which case the torquoselectivity is a case of diastereoselectivity), and axial-to-tetrahedral chirality transfer. An example of the latter case is shown below for the torquoselective Nazarov cyclization reaction of a chiral allenyl vinyl ketone. 

</doc>
<doc id="31184840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184840" title="Edward Webster Bemis">
Edward Webster Bemis

Edward Webster Bemis (7 April 1860 Springfield, Massachusetts – 25 September 1930) was a United States economist and a public utility expert. He was a proponent of municipal ownership.
Biography.
He graduated from Amherst College in 1880, and received a degree of Ph.D. in 1885 at Johns Hopkins University after over three years' advanced work in economics and history. He was a pioneer lecturer in the university extension system, 1887–88; professor of economics and history, Vanderbilt University, 1889–92; and associate professor of economics, University of Chicago, 1892-95. At the latter institution, he was obligated to leave because of his “radical” viewpoint. He was assistant statistician to the Illinois bureau of labour statistics in 1896, and in 1897 he was professor of economics and history in the Kansas State Agricultural College.
He was superintendent of the city water department of Cleveland, Ohio, 1901–09; deputy commissioner of water supply, gas and electricity of New York City, 1910; consulting expert for cities and states on public utilities after 1910. He became a member of the advisory board, valuation division, Interstate Commerce Commission; city representative on board of supervising engineers, Chicago Traction; and director of valuations of public utilities for the District of Columbia, the city of Dallas, Texas, and other places.
Works.
He did many scientific studies of co-operation, trades unions, immigration, etc., but after 1900 chiefly confined his writing to technical reports for various public bodies.
Family.
He married Annie L. Sargent on 28 October 1889, and they had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="31184845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184845" title="2011 Medallion Shield">
2011 Medallion Shield

The 2011 Medallion Shield commenced in December 2011 with 38 teams participating. The 102nd Medallion Shield final was won by Sullivan Upper School.
Format.
Each team iss assigned to a seeding group which determines the stage at which that team joins the competition. Each stage is run on a single tie knock-out basis, with replays for drawn games when necessary.
The structure for the 2010-11 season was as follows:
In 2010-11 the top eight seeded teams were Belfast Royal Academy, Campbell College, Limavady Grammar School, Methodist College Belfast, Royal Belfast Academical Institution, Sullivan Upper School, The Royal School, Armagh and Wallace High School.
Record of matches played.
Round 1.
Round 1 results were as follows.
Round 2.
Round 2 was marred by the death of a Carrickfergus Grammar School pupil Ben Robinson who collapsed near the end of their tie against Dalriada School and later died in hospital. The results in round 2 were as follows.
Losing teams from round 1 and 2 enter the Medallion Trophy.
Round 3.
Losing teams from round 3 enter the Medallion Bowl.
Round 4.
Round four saw the entry of the top eight seeded teams with the following results.
Losing teams from round 4 enter the Medallion Plate.
Quarter-finals.
Results were as follows
Final.
The final was contested by Sullivan Upper School, Holywood and Limavady Grammar School, Limavady. This was Sullivan's second final, winning their previous final in 2002 against Regent House. Limavady Grammar School was appearing in its first final. The final was played at Ravenhill on 22 March 2011. 
The Sullivan Upper team was coached by former Ireland Rugby Captain and Scotland coach Willie Anderson.
Subsidiary finals.
Methodist College Belfast beat Ballymena Academy in the Plate, Rainey Endowed School beat Grosvenor Grammar School in the Bowl final and Dalriada School defeated Foyle and Londonderry College in the Trophy final.

</doc>
<doc id="31184851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184851" title="Transformers Universe (video game)">
Transformers Universe (video game)

 
Transformers Universe is an upcoming browser-based massively multiplayer online game currently under development by British online computer game developer Jagex Games Studio and American toy company Hasbro. Very little is known about the game beyond that it would be released in North America, Latin America, Europe, New Zealand and Australia in 2014. The game was first revealed to the public at BotCon 2011as an MMORPG, but has since changed to a massively online tactical action game. The gameplay will be very team-based, with players choosing to be an Autobot or a Decepticon. The game is set in the "" timeline. "Transformers Universe" is currently being developed with an advanced version of the Unity engine. In early February 2014, Jagex CEO & CTO Mark Gerhard made a statement on the official Transformers Universe forum where he revealed that Jagex are "100% set to launch Transformers Universe this Summer." 

</doc>
<doc id="31184890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184890" title="National Numismatic Collection">
National Numismatic Collection

The National Numismatic Collection is the national coin cabinet of the United States. The collection is part of the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History.
Overview.
The National Numismatic Collection is one of the world's largest collections of coins, paper currency, exonumia and related items. In total the collection contains over 1.6 million objects, including 450,000 coins, medals and decorations and 1.1 million pieces of paper money.
History.
As of 2004, the exhibit housing the Collection was the last surviving exhibit from the Smithsonian Museum of American History's original 1964 arrangement. In late 2004, the exhibit was closed, and the Collection returned to the Smithsonian's vaults. Only a few dozen of the Collection's most notable specimens remain on display today.

</doc>
<doc id="31184902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184902" title="Tony Kehl">
Tony Kehl

Tony Kehl (born October 21, 1942) is a college football coach, who served as the head coach of the Sonoma State Cossacks from 1982 to 1986. During this time he compiled an overall record of 12–40.

</doc>
<doc id="31184903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184903" title="Jesse Van Saun">
Jesse Van Saun

Jesse Van Saun is a retired American soccer player who played professionally in Major League Soccer and USISL.
Van Saun graduated from Pascack Valley High School. He played soccer with the Brooklyn Italians youth team. He attended St. John's University where he was part of the school's 1996 NCAA Men's Division I Soccer Championship team. In February 1, 1998, the New England Revolution selected Van Saun in the second round (seventeenth overall) of the 1998 MLS College Draft. He played five games for the Revolution and went on loan to the Worcester Wildfire of the USISL in April. He struggled with injuries including an abdominal strain and hospitalization due to dehydration. In August he went on loan with the Project 40 team. When the Revolution signed Tony Kuhn in April 1999, they waived Van Saun to free up a roster spot. Two days later the Chicago Fire claimed Van Saun off waivers. On May 6, 1999, the Fire traded him to the Kansas City Wizards in exchange for Ryan Tinsley. His problems with heat stroke continued with the Wizards. In July 1999, he went on loan for two games with Project 40. The Wizards waived him in November 1999. In 2000, he played for the Long Island Rough Riders. In 2002, he played for the New York Freedom.

</doc>
<doc id="31184905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184905" title="Don Bosco SC">
Don Bosco SC

Don Bosco SC is a Sri Lankan football club located in Negombo. 
Achievements.
Sri Lankan Premier League: 1

</doc>
<doc id="31184913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184913" title="List of people from Kirklees">
List of people from Kirklees

This is a list of people from Kirklees, a metropolitan district in West Yorkshire, England. This list includes people from Batley, Birstall, Cleckheaton, Denby Dale, Dewsbury, Heckmondwike, Holmfirth, Huddersfield, Kirkburton, Marsden, Meltham, Mirfield and Slaithwaite. The list is arranged alphabetically by surname:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31184923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184923" title="Tipperary senior hurling team season 2010">
Tipperary senior hurling team season 2010

In 2010 Tipperary claimed their twenty sixth All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship title after a 4-17 to 1-18 win against Kilkenny in the final at Croke Park, Dublin on the 5 September.
Season Summary.
2010 Waterford Crystal Cup.
On 26 January, Tipperay started the new hurling year with a 1-12 to 0-17 point defeat to Clare in Borrisoleigh in the Waterford Crystal Cup Quarter-Final. The game was physical from the throw in and Clare dominated the majority of the game. Clare put over many brilliant scorers with Tipp managing to keep in touch at half time, 0-10 to 0-6. Liam Sheedy decided tpo make some changes, bringing on Lar Corbett, Micheal Webster and Noel McGrath. Tipp never got within a point of Clare during the game. Eoin Kelly also missed a penalty chance at goal. Tipp's Noel McGrath got the only goal and Tipp were back within 2 points. Clare's backs never looked like being beaten and Tipp got the last point of the game.
2010 National Hurling League.
After Tipp's first round game of the 2010 National Hurling League against Kilkenny called off twice due to bad weather, Tipps first game was against Dublin on the 28 February in Parnell Park. Tipp started the game by scoring a penalty in the first minute. Dublin then got 6 points in a row to gain a lead they would not surrender. The first half was evenly fought with both teams hitting over points with Dublin keeping their lead The first sight of the new rules was evident as Dublin got a goal by knocking the ball out of Tipp goalie Darren Gleeson's hands, which would have been called as a 'square ball' if the new rules were not in place. The second half began with Dublin taking the game and pulling away. Tipp and Dublin both scorned goal chances and both tems hitting many wides. The game ended 1-21 to 1-12.
Tipp finally got their first round game against Kilkenny underway on the 7 March 2010. Tipp started off well, matching Kilkenny point for point. Eoin Kelly putting over all his frees. It was a low scoring first half, with both teams putting over 6 points each. With a minute to go in the first half, Eoin Kelly got the ball and turned to his right, putting the ball in the back of the Kilkenny net to make it 1-6 to 0-6. Kilkenny got two points straight after the resumption, but Tipp kept putting over the points. Tipp would never relinquished the lead. With ten minutes to go, A me-lee started by the players escalated into a confrontation between manager's Brian Cody and Liam Sheedy, but the referee Barry Kelly quickly handled the situation. Tipp would make it 1-13 to 0-13 near the finish and sub Jody Brennan put over the insurance point at the death. Tipp winning 1-14 to 0-13. 
Tipp got their third league game underway against Galway in Semple Stadium on the 14th of March. Tipp started out by giving away two early points, but a lucky goal from the '65 from Eoin Kelly, doubled on by John O'Brien and a point put them ahead. Galway still had the edge over Tipp and got into a 0-8 to 1-1 lead. Tipp finished off the half stronger, bring their deficit to 4 points, 0-13 to 1-6. The second half would be much different for both teams. Tipp hit three consecutive points, before Noel McGrath scored their second goal, leading 2-9 to 0-13. Galway would then score their first and only point of the second half, but Eoin Kelly hitting two more points to see a 2-12 to 0-14 lead. Tipp got five more points to close off the game, beating Galway 2-17 to 0-14. 
Tipp's 4th round game was against Limerick in the Gaelic Grounds, Limerick. The game started off with Tipp and Limerick getting their opening points early on, but the contest ended there. Tipp went to score a goal after 25 minutes when Timmy Hammersley rasped in a shot. The half time score 1-10 to 0-2. The second half began with Limerick player Dean Madden being sent off and then substitute John O'Brien scored Tipps second goal, to make it 2-15 to 0-2. Tipp continued to hit points, but Limerick also hit six points in the second half. The score ended 2-24 to 0-8. 
Tipp's 5th round game was against Waterford in Semple Stadium on the 28th of March. The game was 0-2 to 0-0 at 7 minutes with Tipp getting the first point nearly 10 minutes into the first half. Timmy Hammersley scored to bring it to a point. Tipp led by three points 0-9 to 0-6, before Stephen Molumphy scored the goal for Waterford to level it up. The first half ended with Tipp leading by a point, 0-13 to 1-9. The second half started out at blistering, near championship pace. Noel McGrath missed a penalty to put Tipp ahead but Noel McGrath made up for it with another strike later on, this time it was a goal. Waterford kept answering back with a well-struck 20 metre free from Eoin Kelly, which landed in the net. Tipp led by a point in the closing stages, but Eoin Kelly from Waterford slotted over a free to level it up. The referee, who added one minute of injury time, didn't play the minute and blew it up. The final score was 1-19 to 2-16. 
Tipp's 6th round game was against Cork in Pairc Ui Chaoimh on the 4th of April. Cork started off the better, getting two opening points, but Eoin Kelly levelled it up with two frees. Cork then took a four point lead, 0-6 to 0-2. Both exchanged points, but Cork finished the half the stronger with a 0-11 to 0-7 scoreline, their last point coming from a free that resulted from a controversial line ball. The second half began with Tipp the stronger. Cork keeper Martn Coleman saved a rasping shot from Lar Corbett with Eoin Kelly failing to put in the rebound. Shane McGrath and Eoin Kelly scoring two points to put it 0-11 to 0-9. Two quick points from Paul Kelly resulted in 0-11 tally each, before Gearoid Ryan putting over the leading score. Paul Kelly then took on a massive run, running past the Cork backs before hitting a low shot into Cork's net to make it 1-12 to 0-11. Cork quickly responded with a shot saved by Brendan Cummins, but a good piece of skill saw Pat Horgan sending in the rebound. Cork quickly equalized, but Tipp kept putting over points. Cork finally got the leading score and then led by two with a great run from Shane O'Neill resulting in a scored free. Tipp brought it back to a point game, but couldn't find the equalizer. Cork winning the game 1-16 to 1-15.
Tipp's 7th and last round game was against Offaly in O'Connor Park, Tullamore on the 18th of April. Tipp started off well, getting a 0-4 to 
0-2 lead, but Tipp and Offaly traded points afterwards. The game was close and at half time, the score was 0-11 to 0-7. The second half started out with Offaly taking the initiative and putting over the points. Tipp stayed ahead, but Offay's Shane Dooley got a goal. Tipp were now two points behind, but soon conceded another Shane Dooley goal within 2 minutes of his first one. Tipp started putting over points to bring the deficit down to two points. With injury time almost up, Tipp got a free on the 20 metre line. Seamus Callanan stepped up to take it. Only a goal would win the match, seeing as when the ball would go over a boundary, the game would be over. He took th ball and struck it low into the net to give Tipp a one point win and third place in the league table.
2010 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship.
Tipp started out their Munster championship campaign against Cork in Pairc Ui Chaoimh on 30 May. The winner had the chance of playing Limerick in the semi-final, which for both teams would be a mis-match. In a competitive sense, a Munster Semi-final. Tipp started out getting a point in the opening few minute, but Cork soon replied. Tipp got two more points to make it a 0-3 to 0-1 lead, but Cork would soon lead. With just 13 minutes gone, Aisike O'hAilpin caught a ball above Padraig Maher and was brought down for a penalty. Pat Horgan had taken a penalty last year, but missed. This year he did the opposite and gave Cork a 1-1 to 0-3 lead. Lar Corbett had a chance beforehand to score a goal, but a great Save from Donal Óg sent it for a 65'. Cork then got two more points to get a three point lead. Just a few minutes later, Cork would be up again and Pat Horgan cracked in another fine goal to give Cork a 2-5 to 0-9 lead at half time. Tipp would reduce the lead back to a point, but Cork answered them again. Cork would then score five points on the trot before Tipp would score again. With 10 minutes remaining, Cork's Jerry O'Connor gave a handpass to a free Aisike O'hAilpin who drove the ball into the net for the killing blow. Tipp would only score a small four points in the whole second half to be beaten by the Rebel's, 3-15 to 0-14 points. 
Tipp's qualifier round 1 game was against Wexford in Semple Stadium on 3 July. The winner would go on while the loser's championship would be ended prematurely. Tipp started off well, and by half time they were 0-15 to 0-7 up. Right after the second half began, the game was effectively killed with two goals from Lar Corbett plus two points from play. The pace of the game slowed down and Tipp ran the game out winners on the scoreline 3-24 to 0-19.
Tipp's qualifier round 3 game was against Offaly in O'Moore Park, Portlaoise on 18 July. The winner would be back in an All-Ireland quarter final. Tipp and Offaly both started well, but Tipp started putting more points away and were leading by six points, 0-7 to 0-1 after 20 minutes. Tipp finished out the half with a 9-point lead, 0-14 to 0-5 points. Offaly battled hard in the second half, but Tipp kept putting away the points and never relinquished the lead below 8 points until the final minute of the game, when the Tipp backs were caught off guard and Offaly slotted home a goal to put the deficit to 6. The final score 0-21 to 1-12 to Tipp.
Tipp were back in Croke park once again for their All-Ireland quarter final clash with Galway. The game started out at a blistering pace with Tipp and Galway getting scores. It was 0-4 to 0-1 till Galway's Eanna Ryan made it 0-4 to 1-1 with a goal. It was point for point till the score was 1-3 to 0-6 then 'Bonnar' Maher caught a great ball and hand-passed it off to Eoin Kelly who finished it to give Tipp a 1-6 to 1-3 lead. Galway kept fighting back and staying in the game. Galway would gain a three-point lead, but points from Kelly and Brendan Maher brought it down to one before substitute Seamus Callinan blasted home a goal to make it 2-8 to 1-9 at half time. Galway had more fight in them and gained the lead once more thanks to a goal from Damien Hayes after a bad mistake from Paul Curran. Tipp battled back and the score was 2-10 a piece before Gearoid Ryan got Tipp the lead 3-10 to 2-10. Galway then got a penalty and Joe Canning stepped up and scored. Galway put over the points and were two points ahead with 5 minutes to go. Substitute John O'Brien scored a point and Gearoid added his point to tie it up with a minute to go. Other sub Pa Bourke got the ball on the 21-metre line and headed for goal before turning back and giving the ball to Lar Corbett. Lar Corbett put it over the bar for the lead. Galway had one minute to get an equalising point and had the ball 21 metres out and there was a ruckus with many players from each team fighting for the ball with a Galway man lying on top of the ball. The ref deemed the ball wasn't going anywhere and blew up. Tipp won 3-17 to 3-16.
Tipp's semifinal against Waterford was on 15 August in Croke Park. The match started off very evenly with both teams going point for point up until they were 0-5 each. Tipp got a point before striking a goal from Lar Corbett,putting Tipp 5 points ahead. Waterford got some points, but the half finished Tipp 1–11 Waterford 0-8. Waterford started out the half strong and got the deficit back to three points, 1-12 to 0-12. However that was the closest they were going to get as Tipp scored another goal, this time Eoin Kelly. Tipp got more points and another goal from Eoin Kelly sealed the deal. With the game over before 5 minutes to go, Waterford snuck in and got a consolation goal from Eoin McGrath. The game ending on the score Tipp 3–19, Waterford 1-18.
Tipp reached the All-Ireland final for their second time in a row to face last year's opponents Kilkenny on 5 September. The match began well as Kilkenny struggled for some time when they lost Henry Shefflin through injury. Tipp got a goal in the tenth minute struck by Lar Corbett which gave Tipp a 5-point lead. Kilkenny did have a goal chance soon afterwards but was comfortably dealt with by Brendan Cummins. Kilkenny however got back in the game with points from Richie Power. Power scored Kilkenny's only goal just before half-time, but Tipp made sure Kilkenny never got the lead and Tipp went in at half-time Tipp 1–10 Kilkenny 1-9. Kilkenny began the second half with points from Richie Power and the captain T.J. Reid to level up the game. However, Kilkenny never led as Tipperary regained points by captain Eoin Kelly before Lar Corbett struck Tipp's second goal in the 41st minute. Two minutes later, Noel Mcgrath fired Tipp's third goal past P.J. Ryan to certainly Kilkenny's 5 in a row. With under 3 minutes to go, Lar Corbett striked his third goal of the match and it ended Tipp 4–17 Kilkenny 1-18 and Tipp were crowned All-Ireland champions for the first time in nine years.
All Ireland Homecoming.
The Tipperary team arrived back to Thurles by train on 6 September after the traditional stop at Our Ladies Children's Hospital with the Cup earlier in the day. They then boarded an open top bus for the journey to the reception at Semple Stadium where an estimated 40,000 supporters turned out to welcome the team home to a rainy Thurles.
Awards.
The nominations for the 2010 GAA All Stars Awards were announced on 24 September 2010. Tipperary had 14 players nominated for awards, winning captain Eoin Kelly was going for his sixth All-Star while final hat-trick scorer Lar Corbett was hoping to pick up his second award. 
At the awards ceremony on 15 October 2010, Tipperary won six All Star awards, Brendan Cummins, Paul Curran, Brendan Maher, Noel McGrath, Lar Corbett and Eoin Kelly won awards. Lar Corbett was named All Stars Hurler of the year while Brendan Maher collected the All Stars Young hurler of the year award.
Tipperary's Lar Corbett and Brendan Maher were also shortlisted for the GPA Hurler of the Year award for 2010. On 5 November, Corbett was named as the GPA Hurler of the year for 2010, and received a new Opel Astra car worth €25,000.
Aftermath.
On 11 September 2010, six days after the Senior final, the Tipperary Under-21 Hurling team completed the double by winning the All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship against Galway by 5-22 to 0-12 at Semple Stadium to claim their ninth title. Five members of the victorious senior starting team started for Tipperary in the Under-21 final, Pádraic Maher, Michael Cahill, Brendan Maher, Noel McGrath, and Patrick Maher. Senior substitutes Séamus Hennessy, Brian O'Meara and Michael Heffernan also started for the Under-21 team.
On 7 October 2010 it was announced that Liam Sheedy would be stepping down from his position as the Tipperary manager. Sheedy and his selectors, who found themselves working up to 16 hours a day during their three-year term, cited work commitments as the reason for stepping down and Sheedy thanked the board for their “top class” support.
In December 2010, Sheedy was named the Philips Sports Manager of the Year for 2010 for managing Tipperary to their All Ireland win.
In November 2010, Tipperary half back Declan Fanning announced his retirement from inter-county hurling.

</doc>
<doc id="31184924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184924" title="Phoenix King">
Phoenix King

Phoenix King may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31184986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184986" title="Teengirl Fantasy">
Teengirl Fantasy

Teengirl Fantasy is a pop group who released the album "7AM" in 2010 on True Panther Sounds in the United States and Merok Records in the United Kingdom. Teengirl Fantasy was formed by Logan Takahashi and Nick Weiss while they were studying at Oberlin College. The duo now study at Gerrit Rietveld Academie in Amsterdam. The single, "Hoop Dreams", which sampled The Tammys "Egyptian Shumba", was released on YouTube in July 2009 with a fan-created video. "Cheaters", a track from 7AM album, was named the number one track of 2010 by Fact Magazine. In 2011 they toured with Crystal Castles. They also played in 2011 at the music festival All Tomorrow's Parties curated by Animal Collective.

</doc>
<doc id="31185014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185014" title="Jabal Al-Mukaber Club">
Jabal Al-Mukaber Club

Jabal Al Mukaber is a Palestinian football team from the city of East Jerusalem, that plays in the West Bank Premier League.
Achievements.
West Bank Premier League: 1

</doc>
<doc id="31185090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185090" title="Sierra de Baza">
Sierra de Baza

Sierra de Baza is a mountain range near the city of Baza in the Granada province in Spain. It is named after the town of Baza and its highest point is the 2,269 m high Calar de Santa Bárbara. 
It is located between the Sierra Nevada and the Sierra de Cazorla and Sierra de Segura mountain ranges. It merges towards the east with the Sierra de los Filabres mountain range.

</doc>
<doc id="31185132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185132" title="Manor Farm, Ruislip">
Manor Farm, Ruislip

Manor Farm is a historic site in Ruislip, Greater London. It incorporates an old barn dating from the 13th century and the remains of a motte-and-bailey castle believed to date from shortly after the Norman conquest of England. Original groundwork on the site has been dated to the 9th century.
Ownership of the site passed to the King's College, Cambridge in the 15th century, with whom it remained until 1931. At this point Manor Farm was included in the sale of Park Wood as a gift to the people of Ruislip. The Great Barn and Little Barn were recognised by a member of the Royal Society of Arts in 1930 as in need of conservation. The site continued as a working farm until 1933.
Throughout 2007 and 2008, the site was restored with National Lottery funding, and has become a heritage area for the London Borough of Hillingdon. Manor Farm is within the Ruislip Village Conservation Area. Events are regularly held within the 13th-century Great Barn and around the rest of the site.
History.
Origins.
What remains of the motte-and-bailey castle can be seen today in part of the moat and bank on the site. Today, the moat on the site is a scheduled monument, believed to have been extended to create an oval area upon which a wooden castle covering by was built, presumably for the landowner, Ernulf de Hesdin. He was given control of the manor of Ruislip shortly after the Norman conquest, in recognition of his loyalty to William the Conqueror. The castle is believed to have been built between 1066 and 1087, but does not appear in the 1086 "Domesday Book" and so could have been demolished or changed significantly.
Ruislip parish was owned by the Benedictine Bec Abbey of Normandy between 1096 and 1404 during which time the prior built a home for himself on the site, surrounded by a moat. During the 16th century, the remains of the motte-and-bailey site were used as the gardens of the Manor Farm House when it was built. In 1888 the moat extension was filled in by Henry James Ewer, who farmed on the site. The moat's shape and the presence of traces of a fortified building have allowed this part of the site to be dated to the 11th century. However, the castle is believed to have been built around 1066 then either demolished or changed significantly as it does not appear as a castle in "Domesday Book".
The farm buildings date back to the 13th century with the Great Barn the most prominent. The barn is the second largest such structure in Middlesex after another in Harmondsworth. The Great Barn is constructed of English oak from the nearby Ruislip Woods. It was built to a design known as an aisled barn, whereby smaller out-shoots run alongside the main supports underneath one main roof.
Ownership.
Studies by English Heritage have found that the site originally functioned not only as the manorial court hall for Ruislip, but also as a working farm. The main building was built over two existing structures, possibly to accommodate the new lessee of the manor, Robert Drury, a former Speaker of the House of Commons. The study concluded this was most likely achieved by a team of masons and carpenters. Manor Farm was also known as Ruislip Court until the 19th century.
In 1451, ownership of the farm passed with the rest of Ruislip to King's College, Cambridge who remain titular Lords of the Manor. King's completed two surveys of the manor during their ownership, in 1565 and 1750.
The Farm House was built from locally produced bricks, tiles and timber in the 16th century, and served as the manorial court until 1925 when the last court was held. Work in the 18th and 19th centuries saw the windows and doorways replaced, while an extended kitchen was installed. The kitchen extension was replaced in 1958 as part of a general refurbishment of the house.
Manor Farm and Park Wood were nearly demolished in the early 1900s to make way for a new development planned in partnership with King's College and the Ruislip-Northwood Urban District Council. A town planning competition was won by A & J Soutar from Wandsworth, who suggested a symmetrical design across the parish which would have seen a total of 7,642 new homes built. St. Martin's church would have been the only example of historical architecture left in Ruislip. An outline map of the new development proposal was made public on 30 November 1910 with few objections. A Local Board inquiry followed on 17 February 1911 which required negotiations with landowners to allow for a full planning scheme to be compiled. This was presented in February 1913 with an adaptation of the original Soutars plan and received approval from the Local Government Board in September 1914. Three roads with residential housing, Manor Way, Windmill Way and Park Way were completed before the outbreak of the First World War when all construction work was halted. It was not resumed until 1919, though the plan was substantially scaled back as work slowed throughout the next decade.
The protection of Manor Farm and the local woods from redevelopment was eventually confirmed in January 1930, after a visit by a member of the Royal Society of Arts to choose buildings that should be conserved. The Great Barn and Little Barn were selected, along with the old Post Office, the Old Bell public house and the Priest's House of the local church. The woods, part of the centre of the manor of Ruislip along with Ruislip village square, were included when King's College sold the land to the district in February 1931. Park Wood was sold for £28,100 with Manor Farm and the old Post Office included as a gift to the people of Ruislip. King's had wished to also present the wood as a gift but was required by the University and College's Act to receive payment as it was the trustee of the land. Middlesex County Council contributed 75% of the cost as the urban district council argued that many of those who would make use of the land would be recreational day trippers from outside the district. Under a 999 year lease, the council agreed to maintain the wood and ensure no new buildings were constructed without the permission of the county council. An area of the wood to the south was not included in the lease agreement and three residential roads were later constructed on it.
In 1932, the two cart sheds on either side of the lane leading into the farm were removed. That year, Councillor T. R. Parker purchased a plot of land on the site from King's College. Manor Farm continued as a working farm until the following year, when the local council began to sell off much of the land surrounding the buildings for housing developments. Councillor Parker presented his land to the Ruislip Village Trust as the site of a future public hall, and the Trust passed it to the urban district council in 1964 stipulating that that would be the sole use. The council obliged and the Winston Churchill Hall was built in 1965.
A smaller barn built in the 16th century, the Little Barn, was converted to a library and opened on 2 November 1937. The original cowbyre was destroyed by fire in 1979 and was rebuilt as an exhibition centre. An archaeological excavation was carried out by the Museum of London Archaeological Service in 1997 around the Farm House. This discovered the remains of the old priory were beneath the house, as this had been the bailey, surrounded by the motte.
Restoration.
The site was refurbished with funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund in April 2007 with the work completed in June the following year. This included the renovation of the Grade II listed Manor Farm library as part of a borough-wide programme by the London Borough of Hillingdon. The Duck Pond Market began in the Great Barn in December 2008, following the refurbishment, and runs once a month. Winston Churchill Hall, not included in the original restoration work, received a £370,000 grant from Hillingdon Council in March 2011 to enable its refurbishment.

</doc>
<doc id="31185144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185144" title="Thomas Dacres">
Thomas Dacres

Sir Thomas Dacres (19 October 1587–December 1668) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1626 and 1660. He supported the Parliamentary cause in the English Civil War.
Dacres was the son of Sir Thomas Dacres of Cheshunt, Hertfordshire and his wife Dorothy Piggott, daughter of Thomas Pigott of Dodershall, Buckinghamshire. He matriculated from St John's College, Cambridge at Easter 1603. He succeeded his father in 1615 and was appointed High Sheriff of Hertfordshire for Aug-Nov 1615 to complete his fathers year of shreivalty and knighted on 22 February 1617. 
In 1626, Dacres was elected Member of Parliament for Hertfordshire. He was re-elected MP for Hertfordshire in 1628 and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. In 1641 he was re-elected MP for Hertfordshire in the Long Parliament and sat until 1648 when he was excluded under Pride's Purge. During the civil war he served on various parliamentary commissions.
In 1660, Dacres was elected Member of Parliament for Higham Ferrers in the Convention Parliament. His main interest in parliament was to recover a loan of £250 made in 1642 for suppression of the Irish rebellion. He never received the money and suffered losses in the Great Fire of London.
Dacres died at the age of 81 and was buried at Cheshunt on 26 December 1668.
Dacres married Martha Elmes, daughter of Thomas Elmes of Lilford Northamptonshire. His son Thomas was also an MP.

</doc>
<doc id="31185148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185148" title="The Impossible Astronaut">
The Impossible Astronaut

"The Impossible Astronaut" is the first episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". Written by show runner Steven Moffat, and directed by Toby Haynes, the episode was first broadcast on 23 April 2011 in the United Kingdom, as well as the United States and Canada. It also aired in Australia on 30 April 2011. The episode features alien time traveller the Doctor (Matt Smith) and his companions Amy Pond (Karen Gillan) and Rory Williams (Arthur Darvill), and is the first of a two-part story, which concluded with "Day of the Moon".
In the episode, Amy Pond, Rory and River Song are summoned to Utah, USA, by the Eleventh Doctor, who is killed by a mysterious figure in a space suit. The dead Doctor is revealed to be an older self, after his younger version returns. They try to understand what the future Doctor said and are sent to Washington D.C. The team deals with the Silence, a race of aliens with the ability to make people forget their encounter with them when they look away.
The Silence was created to compete with other past aliens in terms of "scariness," including the Weeping Angels. The episode was partially filmed on location in Utah; the first time in "Doctor Who" that principal photography took place in the United States. Before the broadcast, a fan leaked the plot of the episode following a press screening. The episode was seen by 8.86 million viewers in the United Kingdom, and received generally positive reviews from critics. "The Impossible Astronaut" gained an Appreciation Index of 88 – considered excellent. The episode was dedicated to Elisabeth Sladen, known for playing former companion Sarah Jane Smith, who died from cancer on 19 April 2011.
Plot.
Prequel.
On 22 March 2011, a short scene serving as a prequel for the first episode was released on the programme's website. In the prequel, Nixon receives a phone call from the little girl who keeps calling him in the episode. She begs for the President to look behind him, but he asks how she got that number, which the 'spaceman' told her. She tells him it is about monsters, to which he replies "Young lady, there are no monsters in the Oval Office." He then hangs up and leans back. Behind him stands an out-of-focus Silent.
Synopsis.
After a two-month break from their travels with the Doctor, his companions, Amy Pond and her husband Rory Williams, receive a "TARDIS blue"-coloured envelope providing a time, date and set of coordinates leading them to Utah. They arrive to meet River Song (Alex Kingston), who also received an envelope, and the Doctor, now 1,103 years old, 194 years older than he was when he last saw them. He takes them to a picnic at a nearby lake, telling them he is taking them on a trip to "Space 1969." Amy catches a glimpse of a mysterious figure from a distance, but appears to immediately forget about it after she looks away. Later, a figure in an American astronaut suit emerges from the lake; the Doctor approaches it but warns his companions not to interfere. The astronaut shoots the Doctor, causing him to begin to regenerate, but his companions are horrified to witness the astronaut shoot him again, killing him before he can fully regenerate. The three are met by Canton Everett Delaware III (William Morgan Sheppard) who also received an envelope and was instructed to bring a can of gasoline, which the group then uses to give the Doctor a Viking-style funeral.
Regrouping at a diner, Amy, Rory, and River are speculating about who might have sent the envelopes when they are shocked to see the Doctor walking in, 200 years younger again. He reveals that he too was given an envelope, but does not know who sent it to him. Reluctantly his companions decide not to tell the Doctor either about his death or that the sender was his future self. The four do a search on Delaware and "Space 1969." The TARDIS travels back to 8 April 1969, and ends up cloaked in the Oval Office. President Richard Nixon (Stuart Milligan) converses with a younger Delaware (Mark Sheppard) about a series of phone calls he received from a young girl asking for help. The Doctor quickly gains Delaware's trust, convincing Nixon to give him a few minutes to locate the girl.
While the Doctor works, Amy sees the mysterious figure again, and excuses herself to the restroom. There, the figure, a member of a species known as the Silence, waits for her and kills an innocent woman despite Amy's pleas. Realising the alien is wiping her memory of their encounters, Amy takes a picture of the alien. When she leaves the restroom, however, she yet again forgets the encounter. By then the Doctor has found the girl's location, a building near Cape Canaveral, Florida, at the intersection to streets named Jefferson, Adams, and Hamilton. The Doctor and his companions leave in the TARDIS, followed closely by a curious Delaware.
Upon arrival, they find pieces of a space suit and alien technology. River and Rory explore a vast network of tunnels that have apparently spread across the planet for centuries, unnoticed by the human population. The two find a control room with a design similar to one seen in "The Lodger" but are unaware they are surrounded by the Silence. Meanwhile, Delaware hears the little girl screaming and gives chase. As Amy and the Doctor follow, Amy tells him she is pregnant. When they find Delaware unconscious, a figure in an astronaut suit appears. Without thinking, Amy picks up Delaware's gun and shoots at the suit. However, she realises too late that the helmet's visor has opened to reveal the little girl.
Continuity.
The episode ties into the series five story arc phrase, "Silence will fall." The phrase was first used in the series five premiere, "The Eleventh Hour," and repeated through that series, but was left unresolved in the series ending to be carried into this series. 
River Song tells Rory that she and the Doctor are travelling through time "in opposite directions." She comments that a day is coming when "I'll look into that man's eyes, my Doctor, and he won't have the faintest idea who I am. And I think it's going to kill me." In the series four episodes "Silence in the Library" and "Forest of the Dead," the Tenth Doctor meets River for the first time (from his perspective); at the conclusion of that story, River is killed saving people trapped inside the Library's core, although only corporeally; her consciousness is "saved," preserved in the core, along with those of all her crewmates.
The TARDIS had been previously turned invisible by damage to its visual stabiliser in the Second Doctor story "The Invasion". When Canton first leaves the TARDIS, the Doctor remarks, "Brave heart, Canton," a reference to the Fifth Doctor's recurrent statement to his companion Tegan Jovanka, "Brave heart, Tegan." When Amy asks the younger Doctor to trust her, he asks her to swear to him on something that matters. After some thought, she smiles and says "Fish fingers and custard," referring to events in the first Series 5 episode "The Eleventh Hour," when Amy first meets the Doctor as a little girl.
Production.
Writing.
The episode was written by Steven Moffat, who took charge of the show in 2010. Moffat wanted the 2011 season to start with a two-part story in an attempt to begin with more gravity and a wider scope in plot, as well as wanting the episodes to be one of the darker ones in the series. "The Impossible Astronaut" / "Day of the Moon" was the first two-part episode to open a series since the 1985 Sixth Doctor story "Attack of the Cybermen."
In the "Doctor Who Confidential" episode following the broadcast of "The Impossible Astronaut," Moffat stated that in his view, it was one of the darker episodes of the series, but still maintained the same level of humour. The inclusion of the Doctor's death felt like a series ender for some of the producers, but was actually there to "kick it off." In writing the death scene of the older version of the Doctor, Moffat wanted to acknowledge to the audience that Time Lords are not invincible, and could still die permanently if killed before regeneration. In creating the Silence, the alien antagonists of the episode, Moffat wanted them to challenge past monsters in terms of "scariness." He felt these creatures are a "much bigger deal." The aliens' design was partially inspired by the figure from the Edvard Munch painting "The Scream."
Casting.
In October 2010, it was announced that Mark Sheppard, who had appeared in other past science fiction series, including "Battlestar Galactica", "Firefly", "Supernatural", and "Warehouse 13", would make a guest appearance on "Doctor Who". Sheppard described playing Canton as a "dream job," and said he wished to appear in another of Moffat's works, including "Sherlock". Even though Sheppard is an English actor, it was his first appearance in a British-made television show. For the scene depicting the older Canton Delaware, the producers originally planned that Sheppard would appear older using makeup effects. However, Sheppard suggested instead that his father, William Morgan Sheppard, play the role, a suggestion that was accepted.
American actor Stuart Milligan was cast as President Nixon, which he said he found exciting, having played other presidents in the past, including Dwight D. Eisenhower. Prosthetic pieces were applied on Milligan's cheeks, nose, and ears to make him resemble Nixon as much as possible. He also practiced how Nixon would speak, but initially found it difficult since he had to wear fake teeth. Milligan previously appeared in the animated Tenth Doctor special "Dreamland" as the voice of Colonel Stark. Chuk Iwuji, who played Carl, previously appeared in the Seventh Doctor audio drama "A Thousand Tiny Wings," where he played Joshua Sembeke.
Filming and effects.
This pair of episodes marks the first time that "Doctor Who" has filmed principal photography footage within the United States; the American-produced TV movie of 1996 was filmed in Canada, and some second unit establishing shots of New York and the Statue of Liberty were filmed on Liberty Island for the episode "Daleks in Manhattan", but none of the cast of the episode were involved in the shoot. Filming took place in the state of Utah. For the opening shot for the location, director Toby Haynes wanted it to be epic so that the audience could recognise where the episode was set. Scenes on the roadway were filmed on U.S. Route 163 (several miles east of the coordinates listed on the Doctor's invitations). The crew wanted to add as many American icons as they could into those shots, including a Stetson hat, a 1950s Edsel Villager, and a yellow school bus. Moffat, having enjoyed writing episodes featuring River Song, wanted to give her an impressive entrance. Haynes had Alex Kingston block the sunlight from the camera angle and blow smoke from her revolver. The scenes involving the picnic and the future-Doctor dying took place on the shore of Lake Powell. The suit worn by the future-Doctor's killer was a fabricated replica of an Apollo space suit. In filming the death scene the filming crew noticed that Karen Gillan was genuinely upset and "was acting her heart out." In filming the "Viking funeral" scene, Haynes wished to film it during the sunset. However, the sun set over the desert, so was instead filmed during sunrise, as the sun rose over the water.
Kingston had to genuinely slap Matt Smith several times in a scene because it was difficult to fake. Kingston recalled that after a few takes, Smith got red cheeked and grew frustrated at having to do the sequence over and over again. The Oval Office set was constructed at Upper Boat Studios in South Wales. Because the production crew had access to several pictures and plans of the real office, they were able to replicate it in almost every detail. The main problem for building the set was the plastering; the crew normally plaster one wall at a time for normal rooms, but because the Oval Office was round, they had to do the entire set at once. The American-style diner scene when the companions reunite with the Doctor in this episode is actually located in Cardiff Bay. The Laurel and Hardy film "The Flying Deuces", in which the Doctor intruded, was done by Smith dancing in front of greenscreen.
Broadcast and reception.
Pre-broadcast leak.
At some point before the broadcast of the episode, it and "Day of the Moon" were released in a press screening, where a number of fans were invited to attend. The production team present asked them not to give away any spoilers. However, following the screening a fan gave away the entire plot of the two episodes on an internet forum. News of this angered Moffat. In an interview on BBC Radio 5 Live, Moffat stated;
Despite this he added that the majority of "Doctor Who" fans are "spoiler-phobes," who refused to go online to be spoiled.
Broadcast and ratings.
"The Impossible Astronaut" was first broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom on 23 April 2011 at 6 pm. It began with a still-caption tribute to actress Elisabeth Sladen, who died from cancer on 19 April 2011. Sladen had previously appeared in the series as companion Sarah Jane Smith, and as the same character on the spin-off series "The Sarah Jane Adventures". After the broadcast "The Impossible Astronaut" received preliminary, overnight figures of 6.52 million viewers. Final consolidated ratings for the episode increased to 8.86 million, with a 43.2 per cent audience share. This made the episode the second highest rated programme of the day, behind "Britain's Got Talent" on ITV1. The episode was the third most watched on BBC One, and sixth overall for the entire week ending 24 April. An additional 300,000 viewed the episode from BBC iPlayer within two days of its original broadcast. It received an Appreciation Index of 88, one of the higher scores for the weekend.
In the United States the episode aired on BBC America on the same day it was released in the United Kingdom, as was the case in Canada for Space. 1.3 million viewers saw "The Impossible Astronaut" on BBC America, making it the highest rated telecast in the history of the channel. It was reportedly up by 71,000 from "The Eleventh Hour". When Live + 7 day DVR ratings were added, the total rose to 1.8 million. In Canada, the episode was seen by 538,000, making it the most watched "Who" episode for the channel, and its most watched telecast in 2011. It was shown on ABC1 in Australia on 30 April 2011, and was viewed by 860,000 from the five capital cities, matching the ratings from "A Christmas Carol" on Boxing Day 2010.
Audience measurement service Kantar Media reported that "The Impossible Astronaut" is the most recorded television event of all time. Analysis of BARB data revealed that 4.11 million people recorded and viewed the programme within a week of broadcast, accounting for 46% of the episode's total viewers. A total of 1.38 million requests were placed on iPlayer for the month of April, placing it at number one for the month.
Critical reception.
The episode was met with generally positive reviews from television critics. Dan Martin of "The Guardian" reacted positively towards the episode, believing the cast performed better than the previous fifth series. He stated "Steven Moffat has thrown away the rule book and made "Doctor Who" as, you imagine, he's pictured it should be his whole life. Killing the Doctor leaves the shape of the series mapped out, raises the bar so that no one is safe, and sees Amy, Rory and River facing a terrible dilemma." Martin liked that "Amy's numbed horror ramps things up to a series-finale level on intensity from the off," and then switches "into an Oval Office comedy of manners," and "morphs into gothic horror and finally flings you to the ground with its cinematic cliffhanger." He was also positive towards the American setting, and "our eccentric British foursome bumbling through it," believing the series raised its game with this. With regards to the Silence, Martin believed it was "a standard Moffat psychological trick, but the most refined to date." Martin later rated it the second best episode of the series, though the finale was not included in the list.
Morgan Jeffery of Digital Spy called the episode "a fantastic launch for the sixth series," adding "the "Doctor Who" team's US location shooting has certainly paid off, lending these early scenes a grand scale that the series could scarcely have expected to achieve in 2005, let alone in 1963." Commenting on the future-Doctor's death, Jeffery said "seven minutes in, a nation's collective jaw dropped as The Doctor — this show's lead — is mercilessly gunned down. This plot twist is simply stunning, and it's difficult to imagine even casual viewers not sitting up to pay attention at this point." Jeffery also believed that the series regulars were on "top form," adding "the more abrasive aspects of Amy Pond's personality seem to have been toned down this year, and Karen Gillan responds with her best, most sympathetic performance to date. Arthur Darvill also lives up to his recent promotion to full-time companion. His comic timing is simply superb, but he excels too in the episode's darker moments." Jeffery rated the episode five stars out of five.
Gavin Fuller of "The Daily Telegraph" believed it was "a cracking start to the first part of the 2011 series, with the shocking ending of Amy seemingly shooting a girl making one keen wait for the conclusion next week to see how it all resolves itself," as well as enjoying the concept of the Silence. Rick Marshall of MTV believed that "Steven Moffat and the "Doctor Who" crew offer up yet another great episode," but also said the "big cliffhanger will likely cause more than a few fans' heads to explode." In addition, Marshall believed the alien antagonists "give the Weeping Angels a run for their money in scare factor." Simon Brew of "Den of Geek" thought the episode was "a triumphant return for "Doctor Who", bubbling with confidence and throwing down story strands that hint at an engrossing series." Brew liked Sheppard's performance as Delaware and Darvill's increasing presence as Rory. Brew also complimented Haynes' work in the United States, saying it was an improvement from "Daleks in Manhattan", which featured British actors attempting to play with American accents. Tom Phillips of "Metro" said the 1969 US setting were "beautifully used," and enjoyed the "spookiness" of the Silence. However Phillips felt the episode would be "a bit hard to get into" for new viewers. Kevin O'Sullivan "The Sunday Mirror" was more negative towards the episode, stating it was "impossible to understand," and for "strictly sci-fi nerds only," adding that Smith "remains a derivative Doctor who brings nothing new to the party."

</doc>
<doc id="31185151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185151" title="Friday (Rebecca Black song)">
Friday (Rebecca Black song)

"Friday" is a song by American recording artist Rebecca Black, written and produced by Los Angeles record producers Clarence Jey and Patrice Wilson. It was released on March 14, 2011, by ARK Music Factory as Black's debut single. The song features a rap verse from Wilson, uncredited on the single. Its music video caught a sudden surge of hits after Mystery Science Theater 3000's Michael J. Nelson called it "the worst video ever made." The song's reception was highly negative, mainly for its songwriting and Black's singing performance. The original video was removed from YouTube on June 16, 2011 due to legal disputes between ARK Music and Black herself. By then, it had already amassed more than 167 million views, with over 3.1 million "dislikes" (87% of total ratings) from YouTube users. The video was uploaded to YouTube again on September 16, 2011. (The video currently has 1.3 million "dislikes" — 80% of total ratings — on YouTube.) Since the growth in popularity of the song and video, there have been numerous parody videos and remixes. "Forbes" stated that the notoriety of the song is another sign of the power of social media—specifically Twitter, Facebook, and Tumblr, in this instance—in the ability to create "overnight sensations."
Background and production.
"Friday" co-writer Patrice Wilson, a worker at Ark Music Factory, explained that he wrote the lyrics "on a Thursday night going into a Friday. I was writing different songs all night and was like, 'Wow, I've been up a long time and it's Friday.' And I was like, wow, it is Friday!"
An Ark Music Factory client told Black's mother about the company's production services in late 2010; Black was 13 at the time, and living in Anaheim Hills, California. Black's mother, Georgina Kelly, paid Ark Music $4,000 for a song and accompanying video that included a choice of two pre-written songs. According to Kelly, the payment covered one half or less of the production costs of the music video, and Black's family could have paid nothing in exchange for giving up all rights to the song. Black chose "Friday", as "the other song was about adult love – I haven't experienced that yet. I felt like it was my personality in that song." Ark Music extensively used the pitch-correcting software Auto-Tune. Although Kelly had some doubts over the quality of the lyrics, Black assured her that "I sang it as they wrote it, Mom."
Composition.
"Friday" uses the 50s progression, an I-vi-IV-V chord progression that hundreds of popular songs have used such as "Heart and Soul" and "Unchained Melody". It is performed in the key of B major at a tempo of 112 beats per minute. According to Randy Lewis of "Los Angeles Times", the familiar structure contributes to the song's catchiness, making it what others have called an earworm. The song also sees Black on a harmony track. In a review for "Rolling Stone", writer Matthew Perpetua described the vocals as having "a peculiar tonality that inadvertently highlights the absurdity of boilerplate pop lyrics," adding that the tone in the refrain "sounds unlike anything else in pop music." He noted the sound as being not entirely agreeable to listen to, but stated that Black ultimately ends up "sounding like a distinct singer with an alluring sort of anti-charisma." The lyrics of the song speak about "hanging out with friends and having fun." Paul Asay of "Plugged In" noted that lyrics reflect the happenings of a day, in the life of a teenager like Black, like eating breakfast and going to school. "She's excited 'cause it's Friday. Which means a weekend full of possibility awaits," he concluded.
Critical reception.
The song has received almost universally negative reviews. Lyndsey Parker of "Yahoo! Music" asked if it could be "the worst song ever." On March 29, 2011, it surpassed Justin Bieber's "Baby" as the most disliked YouTube video, with 1,310,000 negative votes, and once had over 3 million "dislikes", accounting for 87% of the total ratings of the video. The video was later removed, though it has since been officially re-uploaded. The co-writer and producer of "Friday", Clarence Jey said about the song that "the concept we feel seems to have crossed a lot of boundaries, for the better or worse." Observers have called it "bizarre," "inept," and "hilariously dreadful." The song and Black herself were "savaged" on social networks across the Internet, while being seen as a "YouTube laughing stock." On YouTube, the video was met with negative comments and video responses, including comments interpreted as "violent". Kevin Rutherford, a columnist for Billboard magazine, wrote, "Black's video for 'Friday' is one of those rare occurrences where even the most seasoned critics of Internet culture don't know where to begin. From the singing straight out of Auto-Tuned hell to lyrics such as 'Tomorrow is Saturday / And Sunday comes afterwards / I don't want this weekend to end' and a hilariously bad rap about passing school buses, 'Friday' is something that simply must be seen and heard to be fully appreciated." Many other reviewers also singled out the lyrics in particular for criticism, which were described as "overly simple and repetitive" by TNT Magazine. Jim Edwards of BNET and Doug Gross of CNN both noted that the rap break from the considerably older rapper was "creepy."" "Time" "ranked it number two on a list of "Top 10 Songs with Silly Lyrics."""
Despite the overwhelmingly negative reviews, a few reviewers had positive things to say about the song and video. "Entertainment Weekly" writer Joseph Lynch noted that there was "something sickeningly catchy about this tune that keeps you coming back for more." "Rolling Stone"'s Perpetua stated, "When you see this video, you immediately notice everything that it does 'wrong', but it actually gets a lot of things about pop music right, if just by accident." "OK! Magazine" also noted that "some are calling the 13-year-old signed singer the next Justin Bieber." After watching the video, singer Chris Brown said: "Honest opinion? It was great. I'll be jammin' to it on "Friday", "Friday"." Fellow teenage singer Miley Cyrus denied that she had criticized Black, saying "I "am" a fan" and that she sang "Friday" while driving. Simon Cowell praised Black, saying "I love her the fact that she's gotten so much publicity. People are so upset about the song, but I think it's hysterical. [... Anyone who can create this much controversy within a week, I want to meet. I love people like that." He observed that "any song to do with the weekend annoys you. It reminds me of 'Saturday Night'... It's what we call a 'hair-dryer song,' a song girls sing into their hair dryers as they're getting ready to go out. But the fact that it's making people so angry is "brilliant"." Cowell advised Black not to "listen to anyone over the age of 18. I'm being deadly serious. Whatever she's done has worked. Whether you like her or not, she's the most talked-about artist in America right now. Nobody over the age of 18 should understand her or like her. So she should just do it her way."
On May 6, 2012, Patrice Wilson released his sequel to the song "Friday", titled "Happy", focusing on Saturdays.
In December 2013, Rebecca Black released her own sequel, titled "Saturday".
Chart performance.
By March 21, 2011, the "Friday" music video had been viewed more than 30 million times on YouTube. "Forbes" estimated that as of that date, Black and ARK Music had earned $20,000 from YouTube's revenue-sharing program, and "Billboard" estimated iTunes sales of approximately 43,000 copies, roughly equivalent to $26,700 in royalties. Within a week after being released on iTunes, it had jumped to 19 on their sales chart, on March 19, 2011. "Friday" debuted on the US Hot Digital Songs chart at number 57 and went on to peak at number 38. "Friday" debuted on the New Zealand Singles Chart at number 33 on March 21, 2011. The song entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 72 and rose to 58 the next week. It sold 87,000 copies in the United States over its first two weeks and has gone on to sell 442,000 copies, as of December 2013. The song also received airplay in Sweden. In the United States, it was played 12 times from March 16 to 22, considered low for a "Hot 100" song. Despite the song's strong performance elsewhere, Georgina Kelly claimed in late March 2011 that her daughter had not received any money from the song's sales to that point in time, saying "e haven't received a dime from anywhere."
Music video.
Development and summary.
The concept for the music video is based on the lyrics and presented as a typical Friday for Black. She wakes up and goes to school, meeting her friends on the way. In the evening, after debating whether to sit in the front or back of a convertible, Black and her friends ride the car to a party at 7:45 pm. Patrice Wilson appears near the end of the song to deliver a short rap. The video was shot on January 6, 2011 at Black's father's house with friends and family as extras, and requiring multiple takes over 12 hours. Some of those extras became stars in their own right, her friends Benni Cinkle, Amanda Cooper and Hayley Grodt. Ark Music, according to Black's parents, cautioned them and her that they should not expect her to become famous. Black hoped that her friends and family would enjoy watching the video on YouTube and that it would perhaps help her to later begin a singing career.
Reception.
The video was posted on February 10, 2011 and received 4,000 views, enough to please Black, before comedian Michael J. Nelson's Twitter account and a "Tosh.0" blog post, "Songwriting Isn’t for Everyone", drew attention to it on March 11, 2011, turning the video into a viral hit. Criticism of the song's lyrics, the use of Auto-Tune on Black's vocals, as well as the content of the video also caused it to become viral. On May 9, 2011, comments became subject to prior approval for posting. Two days later, commenting was disabled altogether and archives removed. By June 15, 2011, the video had more than 166 million views, and 3.2 million "dislikes" from YouTube users against just 454,000 "likes". It is also the 22nd most watched video of all time on YouTube. After Ark Music attempted to begin charging $2.99 to watch the video a limited number of times on YouTube in June, Black asked YouTube to take the video down.
After reading the harsh reviews of "Friday", Black said that "those hurtful comments really shocked me." Ark Music offered to take the video down from YouTube, but Black refused the offer, saying that she did not wish "to give the haters the satisfaction that they got me so bad I gave up." Black's father has accompanied her in public to guard against potential accosters. In response to criticism over the song's significant use of Auto-Tune, Black performed an acoustic version during an interview with ABC News, which earned over 180,000 dislikes on YouTube (84% of total ratings) by November 2011. Later in the interview Black's mother, Kelly, stated that she was "angry and upset" after Black was brought to tears by comments, such as "I hope you go cut yourself and die" and "'I hope you cut yourself and get an eating disorder so you'll look pretty." Black said, however, that she soon was able to ignore such comments, and asked Justin Bieber, her idol, to perform a duet with her. Although Bieber has not released an official announcement regarding the offer, he posted on Twitter "sunday comes after saturday? weird." Bieber later sang part of the chorus at one of his concerts. "Rolling Stone's" Perpetua again praised Black after the interview and said, "She is actually a pretty decent singer. [...] She is a total sweetheart. [...] Black comes off as a well-adjusted, happy and grateful kid." He also pointed out Black's intention to donate part of the profits from the song to school arts programs and relief efforts in Japan following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. Benni Cinkle, who became known as "that girl in pink" and appears during the second verse of the video, released her own song entitled "Can You See Me Now" and created an anti-bullying organization (That Girl In Pink Foundation) due to the negative response she got from Friday.
The video for "Friday" was later placed at number one in the "NME" list of "50 Worst Music 
Videos".
Controversy.
Not long after the "Friday" video went viral on YouTube, Black and her mother, Georgina Kelly, got into legal issues with Ark Music over rights to the song. In a March 29, 2011 letter from Kelly's lawyer to Ark Music, it was alleged that Ark Music failed to fulfill the terms of their November 2010 agreement by not giving her the song and video's master recordings, by claiming Black as exclusively signed to the label, and by exploiting the song without permission — for example, selling a "Friday" ringtone. While Wilson stated that Kelly "will get the masters and the song [...] hey can have it all", and agreed that Black was not exclusive to Ark, his attorney claimed that Ark owns the copyright for the song and the November agreement is invalid. In June 2011, Ark Music Factory started charging $2.99 to watch the music video on YouTube. Black's initial response was through a message through her Twitter account saying: "Thanks for all the messages regarding the $2.99 fee added to Friday video, I have "nothing" to do with this!!"
On June 16, 2011, YouTube took down the official video for "Friday". Instead a message in place of the video read: "This video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by Rebecca Black. Sorry about that." A spokesman for Rebecca Black said her legal team had asked YouTube to take the video down because of an ongoing legal dispute with the song's producers Ark Music Factory. Ark Music Factory responded by saying it was disappointed that Black decided to have the video pulled from YouTube despite the two parties being in "good faith negotiations". It added: "There's been an ongoing, open dialogue with our company. So we were blindsided to get a 'Take Down Notice' alleging copyright infringement instead of a call or e-mail from Rebecca's representatives. Our use of the video has fully been authorized (as evidenced by four uninterrupted months and 160 million-plus viewings without objection) by both Ms. Black and the copyright holder. Regardless, we are going to continue to take the high road and work out the complaint as soon as possible, so that the million-plus people who watch Friday for free each day can continue to enjoy the video." On September 16, 2011, the video was restored to YouTube, on Black's official channel.
Cover versions and popular culture.
"Glee" Cast cover.
A cover version was released by the cast of season two of the television series "Glee". The cast performed it on the show as well. The official release features cast members Puck (Mark Salling), Artie (Kevin McHale) and Sam (Chord Overstreet) on vocals, as part of the prom festivities on the "Prom Queen" episode that aired on May 10, 2011. Series co-creator Ryan Murphy explained to "The Hollywood Reporter" the use of the viral hit as a tribute to popular culture. He said: "There’s a rule for it that's explained in the show. The Glee Club is hired to perform songs for the prom and they were told by the principal to please do popular songs that the kids know." Murphy noted that "Glee"s "Friday" cover offers a different take since it's sung by males for other 17-year olds. The show pays tribute to pop culture and, love it or hate it, that song is pop culture."
Other versions and performances.
On April 1, 2011, "Friday" was performed by Stephen Colbert, Jimmy Fallon, Taylor Hicks and The Roots on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon". The New York Knicks City Dancers joined in. Jimmy Fallon released "Friday" as part of his 2012 Warner Records album, "Blow Your Pants Off", which featured high profile acts such as Paul McCartney and Bruce Springsteen. The album won "Best Comedy Album at the 2013 Grammy Awards.
The song has also been covered in a recording by Richard Cheese, and live in concerts by Todd Rundgren, Nick Jonas, Katy Perry, and Justin Bieber. Singer Katy Perry performed the song on selected dates during her "California Dreams Tour", including at the Rod Laver Arena, Newcastle Entertainment Centre, TD Garden, Air Canada Centre and the 1stBank Center. During the August 5 concert at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live, Rebecca Black joined Perry onstage, performing the song as a duet.
Numerous parodies of "Friday" have been uploaded to YouTube and become viral in their own right. Conan O'Brien and Andy Richter also made a joint parody entitled "Thursday" on the "Conan" show on TBS. The YouTube phenomenon Bad Lip Reading was launched when an anonymous music and video producer replaced the audio to the "Friday" video with new music and lyrics about gang fighting. "Gang Fight", released in March 2011, earned Bad Lip Reading a million hits and thousands of subscribers, with many spoofs soon following.
Black appears as herself in the music video of Katy Perry's single "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)". She appears as the host of a party in the house next door to that of "Kathy Beth Terry". At the end of the video, "Terry" attempts to blame the excesses of the party (which had subsequently moved to her own house) on Black, only for her parents (Corey Feldman and Debbie Gibson) to disbelieve her.
ARK Music Factory launched its "Ark's TGI Friday Covers" project, showcasing cover versions of "Friday" by well-known artists alongside other user-submitted tributes, re-works, and parodies of the song/video and inviting users to submit their versions for relaying through Ark Music Factory's site. In November 2012, multiple outlets suggested that Nicole Westbrook was "the new Rebecca Black", on release of Patrice Wilson's "It's Thanksgiving". Kohl's Department Stores used a modified version of the song as its 2011 Black Friday advertising jingle. The hook "It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down on Friday" was changed to "It's Black Friday, Black Friday, Gotta go to Kohl's on Black Friday".
Black made her national television debut by performing a mash-up of the song along with her second single, "My Moment", during "America's Got Talent"'s result night for the YouTube Special round on August 10, 2011. The round featured various acts who have auditioned via YouTube. Rebecca Black sang an acoustic version of the song on "Good Morning America". Rebecca performed Friday along with "My Moment", live in Suncorp Place, Sydney as a part of Telstra's 4G LTE network launch. She also sang "Friday" live on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno".

</doc>
<doc id="31185153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185153" title="Kantor">
Kantor

Kantor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31185171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185171" title="Cantor">
Cantor

Cantor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31185188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185188" title="Nikolai Kryukov (composer)">
Nikolai Kryukov (composer)

Nikolai Nikolayevich Kryukov (February 2, 1908 – April 5, 1961) was a Russian composer active in the Soviet era.
Kryukov was prominent in the Soviet film industry, with more than 40 film score credits for films released between 1949 and 1962. His name is attached to the score provided for a 1950 release of Eisenstein's film "The Battleship Potemkin" (1925).

</doc>
<doc id="31185199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185199" title="Hayim Hillel Ben-Sasson">
Hayim Hillel Ben-Sasson

Haim Hillel (H.H.) Ben-Sasson (1914–1977) was professor of Jewish medieval history at Hebrew University of Jerusalem and the editor of "History of the Jewish People".

</doc>
<doc id="31185204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185204" title="The Monitors (Australian band)">
The Monitors (Australian band)

The Monitors was an Australian pop band of the early 1980s. They were primarily a studio group which involved a collaboration between Mark Moffatt and Terry McCarthy, featuring various vocalists.
Their biggest single was "Singin' In The '80s" which was released in 1980 and reached #16 on the Australian singles charts. The song was co-written by Moffat and McCarthy, with Kim Durant providing the vocals on the chorus. The video featured Gayle & Gillian Blakeney lipsyncing the vocals, the sisters went on to become television hosts on children's television show "Wombat" and actresses on television soap opera "Neighbours". The video for the song famously featured the singers in the makeup used by pop group KISS.
Mark Moffatt has performed as a guitarist with other artists and bands. He is also a music producer and engineer who has worked with such artists as The Saints, Richard Clapton, Tim Finn, Renee Geyer, Mondo Rock, Mental As Anything, Jimmy and the Boys, Jenny Morris and Melinda Schneider.
Terry McCarthy went on to became a successful advertising executive.
Ricky Fataar went on to become a music producer.

</doc>
<doc id="31185260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185260" title="FCC regulations on children's programming">
FCC regulations on children's programming

The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) of the United States of America, established by the Communications Act of 1934, is in place in order to regulate interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable. Children's programming has not been exempt from FCC regulation and has been subject to multiple rules and regulations, particularly over the last few decades. The educational character and learning processes inherent in public service broadcasting have a central role in the development of knowledge and participation in citizenship that is vital for a mature democratic society.
Background and History.
The Children’s Television Act specifically regulated children’s television.
Safe Harbor Hours.
The term "safe harbor" refers to the hours during which broadcasters may transmit material deemed indecent for children. This "safe harbor", enforced by the Federal Communications Commission, extends—legally—from 10 PM to 6 AM and was established by the US Supreme Court case FCC v. Pacifica. This "safe harbor" is based on evidence that children 17 years of age and under are less likely to be in the audience during these hours. Sexual content and foul language are lawfully channeled to times of the day when children are less likely to be in the broadcast audience. Paradoxically, viewing televised violence is perceived to have a more harmful effect on children than fleeting expletives or brief nudity. With respect to violent program content, the research suggests that younger children are most at risk, possibly requiring a different conclusion as to the ages of children to be protected, the appropriate "safe harbor" hours.
Children's Television Act of 1990.
In 1990 Congress unanimously passed and enacted the Children's Television Act (CTA) in order to increase the amount of informational and educational programming available for children on television after increasingly bleak and commercialized children programming landscape. The act displeased many, including both the most loyal supporters of protecting legislation for children and broadcasters alike. Parents and children's advocacy groups disapprove of the way broadcasters are responding to the Act, and broadcasters are uncertain how to respond to the Act's demand that they serve "the educational and informational needs of children." The FCC has adopted the following rules in order to carry out this mandate. Television stations, under FCC rule, must:
Core Programming.
Core programs are designed to serve the educational and informational needs of children (ages 16 and under). Core programming must be a regularly scheduled weekly program that is at least thirty minutes in length and aired between 7:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. There is also the "Three-Hour Rule", which states that broadcasters have to air a minimum of 3 hour/week of educational television for children in order for the FCC to have their license renewed. (More information below under 1996 Mandate)
Commercial Time Limits.
Children 12 years old and younger are more susceptible to the power of television advertisements than adults with limited information-processing capabilities that constrain their early understanding of the nature and purpose of television advertising. Therefore the FCC enforces time limits (10.5 minutes per hour on weekends and 12 minutes per hour on weekends) on commercials for television shows aimed at this audience.
Program-length commercials.
Program-length commercials consist of commercials that advertise a product associated with the program being aired. This also includes programs in which a product or service is being advertised within the program. The commercial is not separated from the program, therefore making it a program-length commercial. This has been prohibited due to the FCC's fear that children will not be able to recognize the difference between the programming and the commercial, which could lead to them thinking the entire program is one big commercial (see Infomercial). As FCC Commissioner Michael J. Copps stated, “Although the kids with their remotes in hand won’t know it, that single click of the button will transport them beyond the regulated world of television, with its restrictions on commercial messages aimed at children, to an Internet bazaar bereft of any rules. Shouldn’t we get a handle on this before really harmful consequences are felt?” Adding to the idea that the impressionability of children is a serious concern: The impressionability of children can lead to "nag factor" situations; situations brought on by advertisements whose effects are amplified when children are involved. These types of situations can be reduced when the FCC implements measures to reduce program-length commercials.
Obtaining Children's Programming Information.
One of the main goals of the FCC's rules is to provide more information about educational programming to parents and other members of the public. The FCC forces the "E/I" (Educational/Informational) icon to be used to identify core educational programs. Television stations must provide the information identifying these programs to publishers of television guides and television listings. These rules also require television stations to file quarterly reports with the FCC (which are to be made available to the public) regarding their educational programming.
Sex-Role Stereotyping.
Studies have found that there has been an increase in male representation over female representation in children's programming. These programs are educational and informational. It was discovered that men tended to have more aggressive roles while females tend to have more passive roles. Additionally, It has been found that these programs have an effect on children's understanding and development of sex roles. This study was presented in an effort to change the future of how children's educational programming is classified.
1996 Mandate.
Federal Communications Commission unanimously passed a regulation that requires television stations to show three hours of children's educational programming each week. Rather than an inflexible three-hour requirement, the nations television stations are required to either broadcast three hours of regularly scheduled half-hour educational shows for children weekly, or offer enough other programs or public-service activities to fulfill their legal mandate at the discretion of the FCC. The mandate is originally from the Children's Television Act of 1990, which required stations to better serve educational or informational needs of children but set no hourly quota. The law left it to the FCC to determine compliance. Many stations either counted dubious shows, like The Jetsons, as educational, or added some educational shows but scheduled them at 5:30 or 6 A.M. The new rule tightens the definition of educational programming, requiring that it be "specifically designed" to serve an educational purpose.
Fines.
The FCC monitors children’s programming and creates regulations that must be followed specifically for children’s programming, with correlating punishment. The most common way to punish a station for breaking a rule or regulation set in place by the FCC is fines. The fines charged against the stations vary based upon which regulation was violated and the severity of the violation. On average, fines range from $25,000-$70,000 per station.
One of the largest fines was for $70,000 given for a program that they claimed was of "program length". This occurred when a commercial for a memorabilia website shown during a "Yu-Gi-Oh " television program contained a "very brief" reference to Yu-Gi-Oh trading cards. In so doing, the station was considered to have exceeded the commercial limits by the entire length of the program less the number of commercial minutes allowed.
The FCC claim that a Pokémon program was a program length commercial in which a Pokémon game card with the letters "MON" was briefly displayed in a Nintendo Game Boy commercial during the show. In addition they cited other reasons including failing to provide program guide publishers with information regarding the target child audience of core programs; failing to update the public file regarding compliance; and failing to publicize the existence and location of the station's children's television programming reports.
In 2007, the FCC levied a record $24 million fine against the Spanish-language television company Univision for airing a program called "Compliance Al Rescate" (in English it translates to ""Friends to the Rescue""), which was similar to the original movie "The Parent Trap". The movie had the same story line about 11-year-old identical twins, who discovered they were separated at birth and then proceeded to swap lives. The FCC accused Univision of falsely labeling it as an E/I show.
In 2004, Disney and Viacom were fined with $1.5 million after the FCC claimed they went over the commercial time limit . Viacom agreed to pay $1 million while Disney was left to pay $500,000 since their Disney commercials aired on the ABC Family Channel.
Rules.
Multicasting Rule.
This order is a revised version of the educational and informational programming processing guideline that the FCC adopted in 2004 for DTV multicasting. This order clarifies the limit on the repeat of core programs that applies to DTV channels. On the other hand, this does not apply to analog channels. You will now be able to use different episodes of the same program to fulfill your necessities with no time restrictions. Another positive aspect is that you will also be able to use the same episodes that aired in previous weeks on a different stream to do this.
Preemption Rule.
In order to qualify a program as "core programming", children's programming must be regularly scheduled. This means that the program must be scheduled to air once per week at the least and must also air on an ordinary basis.
Website Rule.
In the 2004 order, the FCC put restrictions of website addresses aired during children's programming. This rule was applied to both analog and digital programming. The FCC's restrictions provided guidelines programmers were forced to follow including:
Host Selling Rule.
The Commission has prohibited the use of show hosts or program characters to sell products in commercials aired either during or after the children's programs. Research claims that children don't enjoy a product as much when it is seen by the host characters. There are numerous workarounds to host selling, however.
Promotions Rule: Definition of "Commercial Matter.".
In 2004, the definition of "commercial matter" was expanded. This was conformed to the commercial limits for children's programming to include every program promotion other than for children's educational or informational programs. Not only did this cover analog channels, but digital channels too. The new order changed the rules under two conditions: (1) there has to be promotions for educational and informational programming on any channel and (2) there has to be promotions for any children's or other age-appropriate programming to appear on the same channel. This channel is not required to be informational or educational and will not be considered commercial matter.
Advocacy groups.
Action for Children's Television.
Action for Children's Television (ACT) was a grass-roots activist group that was founded by Peggy Charren and a group of "housewives and mothers" in her home in Newton, Massachusetts in 1968. The members of A.C.T. were initially concerned with the lack of quality television programming offered to children and were dedicated to improving the quality programming offered to them. In 1970 A.C.T. petitioned the Federal Communications Commission asking that television stations be required to provide more programming for the child viewer. While concerned about "commercial abuses targeted to children," ACT took a stance, in Charren's words, "violently opposed to censorship." Of particular concern was their finding that one-third of all commercials aimed at children were for vitamins. Partially due to their efforts, the FCC enacted rules pertaining to program length commercials, host selling, and the placement of separation devices between commercials and children's programming. A.C.T. was responsible for bringing many cases before the FCC including a major media case law Action for Children's Television, et al. v. Federal Communications Commission and the United States of America (821. F. 2d 741. D.C. Cir. 1987). One of the major successes of A.C.T. was the passing of the Children's Television Act of 1990. Shortly after the passing of this act, Charren announced the closing of Action for Children's Television, suggesting that it was now up to individual citizens' groups to police the airwaves. It was disbanded in 1992. At its peak, A.C.T. included 20,000 volunteer members and an operational budget of up to a half a million dollars. Critics of A.C.T. accused the Action for Children's Television of being pro-censorship or undermining funding for children's programming.

</doc>
<doc id="31185273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185273" title="Kant (disambiguation)">
Kant (disambiguation)

Immanuel Kant (1724–1804) was a Prussian philosopher.
Kant may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31185281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185281" title="Soldier's Monument (Davenport, Iowa)">
Soldier's Monument (Davenport, Iowa)

The Soldier's Monument is an historic structure in the College Square Historic District in Davenport, Iowa, United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The monument, which was built from 1880 to 1881, was individually listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1993.
History.
A movement to erect a monument began in 1865 when an association was created to establish a monument to President Abraham Lincoln after his assassination. The Lincoln Monument Association of Scott County, Iowa was incorporated on May 25, 1865. After six years the association collected $529.25, with the accumulated interest of $148.50, the total amount they had for the monument amounted to $707.40. Nicholas Fejervary offered to donate $1,300 if the monument would be erected to Scott County’s Civil War dead instead. After accepting the offer donations to the monument fund increased.
The association hired R.J. Carver of South Rydate, Vermont to design the monument. The monument association approved the design on June 5, 1880. A site was chosen in the middle of Main Street between Grace Cathedral, now Trinity Cathedral, and Griswold College, now the campus of Davenport Central High School. The monument was built for $8,000. It was constructed 1880-1881 and dedicated on July 4, 1881. The monument was given to the city of Davenport on January 15, 1906. At one time patriotic exercises were held at the monument each Memorial Day by the local Grand Army of the Republic post, the Loyal Legion, the Sons of Veterans, the Woman's Relief Corps and other patriotic organizations.
Architecture.
The monument is an obelisk of English Granite that rises 50 feet (15.24 m). It is topped by a statue of a Union soldier, which faces south towards the Mississippi River in the valley below. He measures eight feet (2.4 m) tall. The base for the monument is 17 feet, six inches square, with buttress extensions at the corners. The monument's foundation are at least seven feet (2 m) in the ground and is composed of Nauvoo stone and it rests on a cement floor.
There are four panels with inscriptions on each side of the monument. The south panel reads: "Erected by Grateful Citizens of Scott County In Memory of the Fellow Citizens who Died in Defense of the Union 1861-5". The west panel bears a quote from General H. W. Halleck: "Proved themselves the Bravest of the Brave". The panel on the north bears a quote taken from Lincoln's Gettysburg Address: "They died, that the government of the People, by the People and for the People might not perish from the Earth." The east panel's quote is from Inspector General W. E. Strong: "An Honor to their Friends at Home, to their State and their Country * * * a Terror to their Foes."
The lower section of the shaft features bas reliefs of the following emblems: the coat of arms of the United States (south); heavy crossed sabers, belt, cartridges and revolvers, which represent the cavalry (west); crossed cannon, which represent the artillery (north); and an anchor and shot, which represent the navy (east). On the first plinth above the lower section of the column, are emblematic wreaths. Over the U.S. coat of arms is the laurel-representing joy; over the cavalry symbols, the ivy-representing lasting remembrance; over the artillery symbols, the oak-representing strength; and over the navial symbols, the olive-representing peace. The two plinths above the second and third sections of the column have the names of the battles in which local soldiers fought engraved on each side of the column. The battles listed are: Shilo, Donelson, Iuka, Wilsons Creek, Fort Blakely, Corinth, Prairie Grove and Vicksburg. 
The capstone at the top of the column features a shield and carving on each side. Above the capstone is a pedestal for the statue of a soldier who represents the infantry. At one time the monument was surrounded by an iron fence.

</doc>
<doc id="31185286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185286" title="Dima Khatib">
Dima Khatib

Dima Khatib () is a Syrian-born Palestinian journalist. Since 1997, she has worked as a correspondent, producer, and Latin America Bureau Chief for the Al Jazeera network. Khatib speaks eight languages (Arabic, English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Chinese, German).
Prior to her work with Al Jazeera, Khatib has worked for Swiss Radio International in Bern. During the Iraq War, she worked as a live news producer in Doha. She gave an interview to CNN's Larry King and Wolf Blitzer, and was featured in "Control Room", a 2004 documentary film about Al Jazeera and its coverage of the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
During her assignment as the Latin America Bureau Chief, she reported that Chávez was the first head of state to harshly condemn Israel over the Israeli-Lebanon conflict. She dismissed the claims that Gaddafi has escaped to Venezuela reporting from Caracas.
She received attention during Arab revolutions for providing frequent updates and commentary about recent events via her Twitter account. She has been classified among the most influential Arabs on Twitter [http://forbesmiddleeast.com/read.php?story=289 [http://klout.com/#/Shusmo/list/top-arab-women-on-twitter-6 [http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2012/06/19/introducing_the_fpwomeratti?page=0%2C2

</doc>
<doc id="31185305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185305" title="Yahalom">
Yahalom

Yahalom (meaning "diamond" in Hebrew) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31185324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185324" title="Dennis Spicer">
Dennis Spicer

Dennis Spicer (born Coventry, Warwickshire, 1936 - died 15 November 1964) was a British ventriloquist who appeared on British television, and in variety in its twilight years, with his dummies: mainly James Green and Maxwell Monkey, but also Sexy Rexy the Wolf, Puppy Doll the Poodle, Rikki Tikki the Tiger, the Ugly Duckling and Russian Bear. He was also well known in America, with five performances on the Ed Sullivan Show between 1962 and 1964. He appeared on the Royal Variety Performance on 2 November 1964 with a corgi as a dummy.
He died in car crash on the A1, near RAF Wittering, near Stamford, Lincolnshire, on 15 November 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="31185356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185356" title="Longitudinal callosal fascicle">
Longitudinal callosal fascicle

Longitudinal callosal fascicles (or Probst bundles) are abnormal collections of brain cells characteristic of patients with Agenesis of the corpus callosum. Failure of the neurons that normally make up the corpus callosum to cross the midline results in anomalous collection of these cells in both hemispheres. Longitudinal callosal fascicles were originally described by Moriz Probst in 1901 by gross anatomical observation. More recently, these anomalies are detected by Magnetic Resonance Imaging or Diffusion Tensor Imaging.

</doc>
<doc id="31185368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185368" title="Lost Freedom">
Lost Freedom

Lost Freedom () is a 2010 Turkish drama film, written and directed by Umur Hozatlı, about the relationship between the sister of a detained terror suspect and the son of the Turkish gendarmerie chief who has detained him. The film premiered out-of-competition at the 47th International Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival and was screened in-competition at the 22nd Ankara International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31185374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185374" title="FBI Atlanta Field Office">
FBI Atlanta Field Office

FBI Atlanta Field Office (also called the "Atlanta Division") is a Federal Bureau of Investigation field office located in Atlanta, Georgia. The office is one of 56 field offices and 400 resident agencies located around the United States. The Atlanta Division has a wide jurisdiction that includes 159 counties that cover 57,906 square miles.
Early History.
The FBI Atlanta Field Office was formed in 1911 under the control of Special Agent Lewis Josiah Baley, who was the first and longest serving head of the field office in its history. He left the field office in 1919 when he was appointed the Chief of the bureau of Investigation. The Atlanta division played a key role in investigating the domestic terrorism case held in Atlanta in 1919. The office also played a role in the investigation on Alexander Berkman.
The pressing matter of corruption within the Atlanta detention system had arisen once more. J Edgar Hoover, the then FBI director, ordered the division to find evidence of these allegations. They were also told to investigate the prison warden, in which they received reports that he was running the prison in a laid-back manner. A conspiracy was quickly uncovered by Atlanta officers which included bribery for special treatment. The Bureau's 1925 report led to a series of arrests of prison management officers. In the 1920 and 1930s, the office investigated and charged a number of white collar criminals.
Post 9/11.
In the post September 11 period, The Atlanta office — as with the rest of the Bureau — made terrorism a top priority. In order to prevent more attacks on the United States, the division increased terrorism efforts by expanding the divisions terrorism force, improving the inner machination of the office's information collection methods by initiating the "Field Intelligence Group". In the case of Ehsanul Sadequee and Syed Ahmed, two men residing in Georgia who had ties to terrorists around the globe, these efforts were put to great use. The division helped investigate the matter. The subsequent investigations of these terrorists unraveled a conspiracy of terrorists in other parts of the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Pakistan, Bosnia and several other countries around the world. At current, the special agent in charge of the FBI Atlanta Field Office is Brian D. Lamkin. Lamkin has held this position since April 2010.
Currently the office handles a number of matters including child pornography, health care fraud, violent prison gangs, drug trafficking and many more areas of crime.
Jurisdiction.
The FBI field office in Atlanta, Georgia has jurisdiction in 14 cities. The investigative arm of the FBI Atlanta Field Office which is located in these jurisdictions are called satellite offices (also called ""resident agencies""). The FBI Atlanta has resident agencies in the following cities.

</doc>
<doc id="31185389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185389" title="Dayan (disambiguation)">
Dayan (disambiguation)

Dayan is the English transliteration of personal and place names in several languages, which are not linguistically related to each other. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31185396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185396" title="Dream 2 (Canada)">
Dream 2 (Canada)

Dream 2 is a Canadian exempt Category B Arabic language specialty channel and is owned by Ethnic Channels Group. It broadcasts programming from Dream 2 as well as local Canadian content. 
Dream 2 is a top rated general interest television service from Egypt. It features a wide variety of programming including news, current affairs, sports, movies and popular series including comedies & dramas.

</doc>
<doc id="31185422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185422" title="Saddlebrooke, Arizona">
Saddlebrooke, Arizona

Saddlebrooke is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pinal County, Arizona, United States. The population was 9,614 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
In 2010 the racial and ethnic makeup of Saddlebrooke's population was 92.8% non-Hispanic white, 0.8% black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.9% Asian, 0.9% two or more races and 4.9% Hispanic or Latino.

</doc>
<doc id="31185435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185435" title="37th Street (Austin)">
37th Street (Austin)

37th Street is a street in Austin, Texas known for its many houses that are decorated with Christmas lights. The tradition attracts tens of thousands of visitors each year, though neighbor participation has decreased the past few years due to the economy and original residents having moved away.
History.
In the mid-1980s, a couple of neighbors began bridging the street with Christmas lights left by other neighbors and found at fraternity and sorority houses near the University of Texas. Soon, other neighbors followed suit. Early participant Bob Godbout recalled, "It didn't start out as Christmas lights. It started out as a wild art form and stayed that way."
In 1993, city workers removed lights strung from city poles due to fire hazard concerns. In response, street residents turned off all lights, resulting in numerous complaints directed at the city from visitors expecting light displays. City workers returned the following day to reinstall the lights.

</doc>
<doc id="31185453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185453" title="Enos H. Nebecker">
Enos H. Nebecker

Enos H. Nebecker (June 26, 1836 – January 6, 1913) was a United States banker who was Treasurer of the United States from 1891 to 1893.
Biography.
Enos H. Nebecker was born in Covington, Indiana on June 26, 1836. His parents had moved there from Piqua, Ohio. His father was a country banker and farmer and was active in the Whig, and later the Republican, parties. Enos received a common school education and studied for a year at Asbury University (now DePauw University). He then returned home to work with his father.
Nebecker was elected Auditor of Fountain County, Indiana in 1870 and held that office for four years. He was a delegate to the 1880 Republican National Convention, where he supported James G. Blaine, and, after Blaine's elimination, James A. Garfield. 
He later campaigned for Benjamin Harrison. In 1891, President Harrison named Nebecker Treasurer of the United States, with Nebecker holding office from April 25, 1891 to May 31, 1893.
Nebecker died in Covington on January 6, 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="31185479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185479" title="James Black (educator)">
James Black (educator)

James Black (April 27, 1826 – December 22, 1890) was the fourth President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1868-1870.

</doc>
<doc id="31185493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185493" title="Gunhild of Wessex">
Gunhild of Wessex

Gunhild of Wessex (1055–1097) was the eldest daughter of Harold Godwinson and his first wife or mistress, Edith the Fair, who may have been the wealthy magnate, Eadgifu the Fair.
Life.
Gunhild remained in England after her father's death at the Battle of Hastings in 1066 and received her education at Wilton Abbey. This was a centre of learning, which attracted many high-born women, both English and Norman. Matilda of Scotland was educated here, with her sister Mary. It was also the home of the poetess Muriel. 
According to Danelaw, she was the heiress of her mother's claims to some counties, properties which had been acquired by Alan Rufus (Alan the Red). It may be for this reason that she attracted Alan's attention, who, some claim, abducted her, though Anselm of Canterbury, in letters addressed to her, stated that they loved each other.
The historian Richard Sharpe has argued that Alan and Gunhild had a daughter named Matilda who was the wife of Walter D'Aincourt (q.v.).
After Alan Rufus's death in 1093, Gunhild lived with (some say married) his brother Alan Niger (Alan the Black) whom she may have predeceased.
Later People named Gunhild.
Waltheof of Allerdale, son of Gospatric, Earl of Northumbria, named his heir Alan and one of his daughters Gunnilda (also known as Gunhilda of Dunbar). Gunnilda married Uhtred of Galloway; their son and heir was Roland, also known as Lochlann of Galloway, whose heir was Alan of Galloway.

</doc>
<doc id="31185494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185494" title="Melody Aflam (Canada)">
Melody Aflam (Canada)

Melody Aflam is a Canadian exempt Category B Arabic language specialty channel and is owned by Ethnic Channels Group. It broadcasts programming from Melody Aflam as well as local Canadian content. 
Melody Aflam is a top rated film channel from Egypt. It features a wide variety of top tier films from the Arab world including classics and current hits, spanning all decades from the 50s through to the present day. The movies aired cover all genres from Action to comedy to historical films.

</doc>
<doc id="31185586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185586" title="Glasman">
Glasman

Glasman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31185589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185589" title="Gluzman">
Gluzman


</doc>
<doc id="31185632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185632" title="Erez (disambiguation)">
Erez (disambiguation)

Erez is a kibbutz in south-western Israel.
Erez may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31185656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185656" title="Christian W. Slagle">
Christian W. Slagle

Christian W. Slagle (November 17, 1821 – September 26(?), 1882) was an acting President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1877-1878.

</doc>
<doc id="31185678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185678" title="Josiah Little Pickard">
Josiah Little Pickard

Josiah Little Pickard (March 17, 1824 – March 28, 1914) was the Superintendent of Public Instruction of Wisconsin, 1860-1864, and the sixth President of the University of Iowa, 1878-1887.
Born in Rowley, Massachusetts, Pickard grew up on a farm near Brunswick, Maine and went to Lewiston Falls Academy in Maine. He graduated from Bowdoin College in 1844. In 1845, he moved west and then moved to Wisconsin, in 1864, and was principal of Platteville Academy now University of Wisconsin–Platteville. From 1860 until 1864, Pickard was Superintendent of Public Instruction of Wisconsin. During that time he was on the University of Wisconsin Board of Regents. In 1864, he resigned and moved to Chicago, Illinois to be head of the public school system. Finally, he went to the University of Iowa and served as President until his retirement in 1887. He also was President of the State Historical Society of Iowa. After 1889, he retired and from 1900, Pickard lived in retirement with his daughter in Cupertino, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31185693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185693" title="Persian Gulf Bridge">
Persian Gulf Bridge

The Persian Gulf Bridge is a 2.2 km long bridge currently under construction that will link Qeshm Island to Bandar Abbas on mainland Iran.
The groundbreaking ceremony for the project was attended by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on 14 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31185697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185697" title="Kattaha Brahmin">
Kattaha Brahmin

The Kattaha Brahmin are a Hindu caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. They are also known as Mahabrahmin, Acharj and Acharya.
Social Organization.
The Kattaha or Mahabrahmin are the traditional funeral priests of North India. They are said to derive their name from the Hindi word "pind-kattana", which means to cut the flour balls, an important ritual in Hindu funerals. Little is known about the origin of this community, and their status as Brahmin is barely recogonized by other Brahmin grouping. The Kattaha are found throughout Uttar Pradesh, with special concentrations in the districts of Sitapur, Hardoi, and Unnao in Awadh, and the districts of Shahjahanpur and Bareilly in Rohilkhand. They speak various dialects of Hindi, such as Awadhi.
Present Circumstances.
The Kattaha are strictly endogamous, and like Brahmin castes, practice clan exogamy. Their three main clans or gotras are the Kashyap, Bharadwaj and Sandilya. They live in multi-caste villages, but occupy their own quarters.
Traditionally, the Kattaha were employed as funeral priests. Some of the Kattaha obtained land through donations from their patrons, which has led to a change of occupation. Many Kattaha are now cultivators. Like many Brahmin groupings, many Kattaha are now white collor workers.

</doc>
<doc id="31185707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185707" title="Charles Ashmead Schaeffer">
Charles Ashmead Schaeffer

Charles Ashmead Schaeffer (August 14, 1843 – September 23, 1898) was the seventh President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1887-1898.

</doc>
<doc id="31185731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185731" title="Naimark">
Naimark

Naimark is a surname. Notable persons with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31185733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185733" title="Daniel N. Morgan">
Daniel N. Morgan

Daniel Nash Morgan (August 18, 1844 – May 30, 1931) was a United States banker who was Treasurer of the United States from 1893 to 1897.
Biography.
D. N. Morgan was born in Newtown, Connecticut on August 18, 1844. His father owned a store, which he took over as a young man. He later took a partner, running the store as Morgan & Booth. In 1869, he moved to Bridgeport, Connecticut, becoming a partner in Birdsey & Morgan, a firm producing dry goods and carpets. He also ran a grocery, Morgan, Hopson & Co., in 1877. In 1879, he became president of the City National Bank of Bridgeport.
Morgan was elected to the Bridgeport common council in 1873 and served until 1874; was a member of the Bridgeport Board of Education 1877-78; and was mayor of Bridgeport in 1880 and 1884.
In 1893, President of the United States Grover Cleveland named Morgan Treasurer of the United States, and Morgan held that office from June 1, 1893 until June 30, 1897. 
Morgan was a candidate to be Governor of Connecticut in 1898, but he lost to George E. Lounsbury.
Morgan died in Bridgeport on May 30, 1931, twelve days after being hit by an automobile. He is buried in Mountain Grove Cemetery, Bridgeport.

</doc>
<doc id="31185736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185736" title="Melody Hits (Canada)">
Melody Hits (Canada)

Melody Hits is a Canadian exempt Category B Arabic language specialty channel and is owned by Ethnic Channels Group. It broadcasts programming from Melody Hits as well as local Canadian content. 
Melody Hits is a top rated music channel from Egypt featuring all the latest hits from the Arab world as well as from International stars It airs non-stop video clips as well as fashion and lifestyle. It also features an interactive component which allows viewers to request their favorite music videos.
History.
The channel originally launched as Melody Arabia but was subsequently re-branded as Melody Hits in November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31185741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185741" title="Amos Noyes Currier">
Amos Noyes Currier

Amos Noyes Currier (October 3, 1832 – May 16, 1909) was an acting President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1898-1899.

</doc>
<doc id="31185743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185743" title="Carrier Dove">
Carrier Dove

Carrier Dove was the name of several ships:

</doc>
<doc id="31185757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185757" title="George Edwin MacLean">
George Edwin MacLean

George Edwin MacLean (August 31, 1850 – May 4, 1938) was the eighth President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1899-1911. He was an alumnus of Williams College (A.B. 1871, A.M. 1874, LL.D. 1895), Yale (B.D. 1874), and Leipzig (Ph.D. 1883). From 1884–1895 he was a professor of English language and literature at the University of Minnesota. From 1895–1899 he was the Chancellor of the University of Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="31185777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185777" title="2011 Ulsan Hyundai FC season">
2011 Ulsan Hyundai FC season

The 2011 season was Ulsan Hyundai FC's twenty-eighth season in the K-League in South Korea. Ulsan Hyundai FC will be competing in K-League, League Cup and Korean FA Cup.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Statistics accurate as of match played 4 December 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31185780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185780" title="Melody Drama (Canada)">
Melody Drama (Canada)

Melody Drama is a Canadian exempt Category B Arabic language specialty channel and is owned by Ethnic Channels Group. It broadcasts programming from Melody Drama as well as local Canadian content. 
Melody Drama is a top rated entertainment channel from Egypt featuring popular Arabic television series including comedies and dramas.

</doc>
<doc id="31185782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185782" title="Sauer (disambiguation)">
Sauer (disambiguation)

The Sauer is a tributary river to the Moselle, flowing through Belgium, Luxembourg and Germany.
Sauer may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31185785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185785" title="Greatest Hits – Live (Don McLean album)">
Greatest Hits – Live (Don McLean album)

Greatest Hits - Live is an album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean, released in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31185796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185796" title="Hakim Syed Atiqul Qadir">
Hakim Syed Atiqul Qadir

Hafiz Hakim Syed Atiqul Qadir (1909–2000) was a noted Unani Physician from Tijara and Bhopal.
Brief biography.
Hakim Syed Atiqul Qadir belonged to the family of Gardēzī Sadaat and was born on 24 Ramadan 1328 AH / 1909 AD at Tijara. He was a practicing Unani Physician from Tijara and Bhopal.
Education.
He learned Quran by heart (Hafiz) in 1920. From 1920 to 1925, he went to Alwar for basic education from Mian Wahid Ali Shah of Alwar. In 1929, he took admission in the Bhupinder Tibbi College, Patiala and obtained the degree ‘Haziqul Mulk’ in 1931. This college was named after Maharaja Bhupinder Singh of Patiala.
Professional life.
He started practicing Unani medicine with his father Hakim Syed Karam Husain at Dawakhana Shifaul Amraz, where he worked till 1947. After partition of India and complete devastation of the whole region of Alwar and Tijara, the family of Hakim Syed Atiqul Qadir migrated to Bhopal and started afresh the whole set up of the 'Dawakhana'. Many of his family members were already living in Bhopal before the partition of India since 1857, even his wife, Aziza Begum, belonged to Bhopal.
Hakim Hafiz Syed Atiqul Qadir practiced Tibb continuously in Bhopal till 1975 and then off and on in Bhopal and Aligarh. In Aligarh, he stayed with his younger brother Hakim Syed Fazlur Rahman and nephew Hakim Syed Zillur Rahman.
Social, literary and religious life.
In 1934, he performed Hajj with his family members including father Hakim Syed Karam Husain.
From 1935 to 1947, he remained an active member of the Municipality of Tijara and took participation in the civic life of Tijara city.
He was editor of ‘Masih-i Zaman’ and co-authored ‘Usool-e Sehat’ with his younger brother Hakim Syed Fazlur Rahman.
Marriage and children.
He was married to Aziza Begum (died 12 Shawwal / 27 April 1991), daughter of Muniruddin 'Munir' and granddaughter of Munshi Hakimuddin on 29 October 1925 with whom he had one daughter Siddiqa Begum. Siddiqa Begum was married to Mohammad Ayub Tirmizi (died 15 May 1979)
Death.
He died on 3 Rajab 1421 AH / 31 October 2000 AD at Bhopal and was laid in his family graveyard located at Church Road, Mohallah Jinsi, Bhopal.

</doc>
<doc id="31185812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185812" title="Euro Plus Pact">
Euro Plus Pact

The Euro-Plus Pact (or Euro+ Pact, also initially called the Competitiveness Pact or later the Pact for the Euro), is a 2011 plan in which some member states of the European Union make concrete commitments to a list of political reforms which are intended to improve the fiscal strength and competitiveness of each country.
The plan was advocated by the French and German governments for more widespread adoption by other Eurozone countries. As such it is designed as a more stringent successor to the Stability and Growth Pact, which has not been implemented consistently. It was adopted in March 2011 and uses the EU's Open Method of Coordination.
Euro-Plus Pact.
The Euro-Plus Pact came with four broad strategic goals along with more specific strategies for addressing these goals. The four goals are:
An additional fifth issue is:
Although for tax policy coordination, member states only "commit to engage in structured discussions on tax policy issues, notably to ensure the exchange of best practices, the avoidance of harmful practices and proposals to fight against fraud and tax evasion."
The four key goals listed above are intended to be addressed with individualized measures by all member countries of the pact, unless a Member State can "show that action is not needed" in a specific area. While the pact comes with specific strategies, these are not compulsory. Specifically the pact states:
"The choice of the specific policy actions necessary to achieve the common objectives remains the responsibility of each country, but particular attention will be paid to the set of possible measures mentioned below."
The aims and strategies of the pact are to be updated yearly using the following procedure:
"...each year participating Member States will agree at the highest level on a set of concrete actions to be achieved within 12 months."
The actions and initiatives taken by each member state across the five strategic goals are published as part of their "National Reform Program", which is submitted along with their Stability/Convergence reports annually by the end of April. In addition to this:
"Member States also commit to consult their partners on each major economic reform having potential spill-over effects before its adoption".
Competitiveness.
This area of the pact is the same as addressed in Abolishing Wage Indexation. It will be evaluated by the national "Unit Labour Cost" (ULC), a quantitative measure of wage costs, and is to be addressed by both reducing the cost of labour as well as increasing productivity. Labour costs are to be reduced by reforming the "degree of centralisation in the bargaining process", the "indexation mechanisms" as well as decreasing wages in the public sector. Productivity is to be increased by deregulating industries as well as improving infrastructure and education.
Employment.
The goal will be evaluated by quantitative measures of "long term and youth unemployment rates", and "labour participation rates." This aim is to be achieved by promoting the “flexicurity” model as well as "lowering taxes on labour" and "taking measures to facilitate the participation of second earners in the work force".
Sustainability of public finances.
Indicated as being the most important aim of the pact this objective is to be addressed by increasing the "sustainability of pensions, health care and social benefits" as well as implementing "national fiscal rules." Increasing the sustainability of pensions, health care and social benefits means limiting the liability of the government to a more manageable level, this will be done by "limiting early retirement ... in the age tranche above 55" as well as implementing "schemes and using targeted incentives to employ older workers", reducing the burden on pension systems.
One of the most stringent conditions of the pact is given with respect to fiscal rules:
"Participating Member States commit to translating EU fiscal rules as set out in the Stability and Growth Pact into national legislation."
When implementing a balanced budget amendment "Member States will retain the choice of the specific national legal vehicle to be used" provided that it has a "sufficiently strong binding" condition and a "durable nature." The pact recommends a constitutional amendment or framework law that is formulated as either a "debt brake, rule related to the primary balance or an expenditure rule." Additionally it should "ensure fiscal discipline at both national and sub-national levels" in case these have autonomy to issue debt or other liabilities.
Financial stability.
The Financial stability will be measured quantitatively with respect to the ""level of private debt for banks, households and non-financial firms."" With assistance from the President of the European Systemic Risk Board countries are expected to put into place "national legislation" to resolve these in case they exceed benchmark levels.
Tax policy coordination.
The Euro Plus Pact does not entail any specific commitments on tax policy initiatives, other than to briefly outline that member states commit to engage in discussions about it. Tax policy coordination is expected to help strengthen the sharing of best practices and fight against tax fraud and evasion. Direct taxation remains a national competence for each Euro Plus Pact member to decide upon individually. The European Commission has presented a proposal to introduce a Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base (CCCTB), which could be a revenue neutral way to ensure consistency among national tax systems, while respecting national tax strategies, and to contribute to the fiscal sustainability and the competitiveness of European businesses. The CCCTB does not set a common tax rate. As of January 2013, the proposal was pending the outcome of further discussions among the heads of state in the Council of the European Union.
Participation.
On 25 March 2011 the proposal for economic measures and cooperation was adopted by the European Council and included as participants without any caveats the Eurozone member states as well as Bulgaria, Denmark, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and Romania. The EU members which did not participate are Czech Republic, Hungary, Sweden and the United Kingdom, all for different reasons. Croatia subsequently acceded to the EU in July 2013.
Progress.
According to the latest Euro Plus Monitor report 2011, published on 15 November, many eurozone member countries are now rapidly reforming to increase the competitiveness of their economies. The authors write that "Many of those countries most in need to adjust [...] are now making the greatest progress towards restoring their fiscal balance and external competitiveness". Greece, Ireland, Malta and Spain are among the top five reformers among 17 countries included in the report.
The original plan: The Competitiveness Pact.
The original plan was announced by Germany and France in February 2011 and called for six policy changes to be set as well as for a monitoring system to be implemented to ensure progress. The six objectives are: abolishing wage indexation, raising pension ages, creating a common base for corporate tax and adopting debt brakes. In the following sections the motivation for and criticism of each objective is summarized.
Wage indexation is the process of adjusting wages to compensate for inflation, which reduces the value of money over time. Abolishing indexation would allow for real wages to decrease increasing the competitiveness of countries as it becomes less expensive to employ people. Understandably this policy objective has been called into question by some governments such as Belgium as it reduces people's purchasing power.
In countries with "pay as you go" pension systems, as most European countries have, raising pension ages has a very profound impact on government revenue as people who continue working will also pay taxes instead of requiring them. This too is a controversial proposal as can be seen in the 2010 French pension reform strikes.
Creating a "common base" is perceived by some as a first step in a process of unifying tax rates and as such has been opposed by countries such as Ireland, which have low corporate tax rates. The opinion of the European Commission is that having a common rules for calculating of the base amount over which the different national tax rates are applied is beneficial for the enterprises since it will reduce the administrative burden and costs of maintaining compliance with 27 different rule sets for corporate bookkeeping.
The word "debt brake" comes from the German "Schuldenbremse", an amendment to the constitution legally limiting the size of sovereign debt countries are allowed to run. These have been implemented in Switzerland in 2003 and in Germany in 2010. Debt brakes can vary in strictness and details of the intended implementation are not yet clear, but the motivation for this rule is to create a legally binding policy instead of the current budget guidelines on deficits which have been not been implemented by member countries.
Criticism.
The plan has been criticised for impinging on the sovereignty of countries, due to its authority to set policy in areas that were previously under national sovereignty. The reforms that the pact contain have also been criticised as being too harsh, or conversely called into question for not being strict enough in its requirements to implement reforms. On the other hand, some leaders agree that in order to avoid dangerous nationalisms and have fiscal and economic governance, it is necessary to transfer sovereignty.

</doc>
<doc id="31185829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185829" title="Thomas Huston Macbride">
Thomas Huston Macbride

Thomas Huston Macbride (July 31, 1848 – March 27, 1934) was the tenth President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1914-1916. Macbride was a naturalist and botanist, Macbride Hall at the University of Iowa is named for him. He often collaborated with Samuel Calvin.

</doc>
<doc id="31185843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185843" title="I Know You Know (disambiguation)">
I Know You Know (disambiguation)

I Know You Know is a film.
I Know You Know may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31185844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185844" title="Rauschenberg (disambiguation)">
Rauschenberg (disambiguation)

Robert Rauschenberg (1925–2008) was an American painter and graphic artist.
Rauschenberg may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31185849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185849" title="Walter Albert Jessup">
Walter Albert Jessup

Walter Albert Jessup (August 12, 1877 – July 5, 1944) was the eleventh President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1916-1934. Jessup Hall on the university campus is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="31185857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185857" title="Lectionary 300">
Lectionary 300

Lectionary 300 (Gregory-Aland), designated by siglum ℓ "300" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, written on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th-century. The manuscript is written in gold and contains Gospel lessons for selected days. It was named as "Gospel of Theodosius".
Description.
The codex contains lessons from the Gospel of John, Matthew, and Luke ("Evangelistarium") on 204 parchment leaves measuring (). The text is written in large golden letters described by at least one observer as beautiful.
It contains breathings (rough breathing and smooth breathing) and accents and some images. The text is divided into verses as in modern editions of the Bible.
The text is written in Greek uncial letters in two columns per page and 16 lines per page. The manuscript contains lessons for selected days, opening with the Gospel lessons for the first five days of Easter week and followed by 65 more lessons from other parts of the yearly services.
History.
According to tradition it was supposedly written by the Emperor Theodosius († 395). However, in 1864, J. Dury Geden called this absurd and suggested that Theodosius III (716) was probably intended. Today, it is now dated on palaeographical grounds as much later still. Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 9th-11th century, Gardthausen and C. R. Gregory dated it to the 10th or 11th century. It is presently assigned by the INTF to the 11th century.
The manuscript was probably seen in 1761 by the Italian traveller, Vitaliano Donati, when he visited the Saint Catherine's Monastery in Sinai. His diary, published in 1879, notes:
"In questo monastero ritrovai una quantità grandissima di codici membranacei... ve ne sono alcuni che mi sembravano anteriori al settimo secolo, ed in ispecie una Bibbia in membrane bellissime, assai grandi, sottili, e quadre, scritta in carattere rotondo e belissimo; conservano poi in chiesa un Evangelistario greco in caractere d'oro rotondo, che dovrebbe pur essere assai antico".
"In this monastery I found a great number of parchment codices ... there are some which seemed to be written before the seventh century, and especially a Bible (made) of beautiful, very large, thin and square parchments, written in round and very beautiful letters; moreover there are also in the church a Greek Evangelistarium in gold and round letters, it should be very old."
The "Bible on beautiful vellum" noted above is probably the Codex Sinaiticus and the gold evangelistarium is likely Lectionary 300.
Others who saw it later include Dean Burgon (1862), M. E. Young, J. Dury Geden (1864), and Victor Gardthausen. The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Caspar René Gregory as number 300e. Frederick Scrivener cataloged the manuscript as 286e on his list.
The manuscript is not cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3,UBS4).
Currently the codex is housed at the Saint Catherine's Monastery (Gr. 204) in Sinai Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="31185872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185872" title="Janež">
Janež

Janež is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31185880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185880" title="West Memorial Hall">
West Memorial Hall

The West Memorial Hall, or West Memorial Institute, is a Victorian Grade II listed building at 7-9 Gosbrook Road, Caversham, Berkshire, designed by Alfred Waterhouse. The Hall is a former Baptist Free Church that has now been converted to apartments.
Architecture.
The Hall was designed by the noted Victorian architect Alfred Waterhouse in 1865-66 in the Gothic style. It is positioned gable end to the street and built in red brick with blue brick decorative features including bands above and below a large rose window and an alternating red and blue pattern above the ground floor windows. It also has a distinctive hipped rectangular stair turret to the gallery with external stairs. Flying buttresses may be seen on the outside walls.
In 1911 the Hall was extended on the east side in a similar style to the existing building with a central gable facing the road and a small ornamental cross on the apex of the roof as on the original.
History.
The Hall was the original Baptist church in Caversham, and its construction was mostly funded by the Reverend Ebenezer West, principal of Amersham Hall. West also funded most of the cost of building the new Caversham Baptist Free Church a decade later, also by Waterhouse, which stands on the opposite side of the road. After the new church opened, the Memorial Hall was used as a school. In 1911 it was extended "..."to find rooms for wholesome recreation and moral improvement for the young men of Caversham, and to increase the space available for religious teaching on Sundays in connection with the Caversham Free Church, of which the late Mr Ebenezer West was so generous a supporter"."
The Hall was Grade II listed by English Heritage on 14 December 1978, meaning that it is regarded as "nationally important and of special interest". From 1980 it was the Caversham Dance Centre.
Around 2000, the Hall was converted into apartments and it is now known as "The Waterhouse". In 2010 a planning application to build apartments on an adjacent site was refused by Reading Borough Council, partly on the grounds that the application was not in keeping with the Grade II listed status of the Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="31185908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185908" title="Fishy Business">
Fishy Business

Fishy Business may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31185910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185910" title="Chester Arthur Phillips">
Chester Arthur Phillips

Chester Arthur Phillips (July 17, 1882 – December 1, 1976) was an acting President of the University of Iowa, serving in 1940. Phillips Hall at the university is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="31185929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185929" title="Orbit Al Yawm (Canada)">
Orbit Al Yawm (Canada)

Orbit Al Yawm is a Canadian exempt Category B Arabic language specialty channel and is owned by Ethnic Channels Group. It broadcasts programming from Orbit Al Yawm as well as local Canadian content. 
Orbit Al Yawm is a lifestyle and general variety television service from the United Arab Emirates. Programming includes cooking shows, television series, game shows and programs aimed at women with a focus on style & beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="31185930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185930" title="Virgil Melvin Hancher">
Virgil Melvin Hancher

Virgil Melvin Hancher (September 4, 1896 – January 30, 1965) was the thirteenth President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1940-1964. Hancher Auditorium at the university was named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="31185933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185933" title="Highland Village Museum/An Clachan Gàidhealach">
Highland Village Museum/An Clachan Gàidhealach

The Highland Village Museum / An Clachan Ghàidhealaich is an outdoor living history museum dedicated to Nova Scotia’s Gaelic folk-life, culture, and language. Highland Village is located in Iona, Nova Scotia, on 43 acres of natural landscape overlooking the Bras d'Or Lakes in Central Cape Breton.
History.
The roots of Gaelic Nova Scotia are found in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland where significant socio-economic changes in the 18th century disrupted a pastoral life-style. These changes prompted many to emigrate to Nova Scotia. 
Throughout the late 18th and early 19th centuries, thousands of Scots settled in eastern Nova Scotia. Through a pattern of chain emigration, settlers often chose to create new communities based on family connections, religious or political beliefs. The settlers faced new hardships such as a vastly different climate, however they persevered and began clearing land, building homes and outbuildings, cultivating their land and establishing new lives and communities.
Vision / mission of the Highland Village Museum.
The Nova Scotia Highland Village Society was founded in 1959, to create a living history museum to interpret, preserve and promote the Scottish Gaelic language, culture and heritage as found in Nova Scotia. In 2000, the Society entered into a new relationship with the Province of Nova Scotia, which resulted in the Highland Village becoming a part of the Nova Scotia Museum family. The Society continues to operate the site on behalf of the Province. 
The vision of the Highland Village Museum/An Clachan Gàidhealach is "to be internationally acknowledged for advancing research, fostering appreciation, learning and sharing Gaelic language and heritage while serving a vibrant Gaelic cultural community (i.e. a Gaelic institution)."
The mission of the Highland Village Museum/An Clachan Gàidhealach is "to research collect, preserve and share the Gaelic heritage and culture of 'Nova Scotia'. Inclusive of Gaelic folk-life from settlement to present, including but not limited to, language, cultural expressions, lifestyles, crafts, customs, and represent it accurately and vibrantly."
The Highland Village Museum serves as a resource for those interested in the language, culture, life-style, and music that these Gaelic settlers brought with them and which thrived in this new environment. Through 11 historic and period buildings visitors experience a taste of what life was like for Scottish Gaelic settlers in Nova Scotia. Highland Village’s costumed animators provide details on the day to day life and language.
Interpretation and collections.
Highland Village Museum depicts 4 distinct eras in the history of Nova Scotia’s Gaelic settlers. Gàidhealtachd na h-Albann, Gaelic Scotland 1770-1830s is depicted in the Black House (an Taigh dubh). Coille Mhór na h-Albann Nuaih, The Forests of Nova Scotia 1770-1850s is depicted in the Log House (an Taigh Logaichean), the Centre Chimney House (Taigh an t-Similer), and the Barn (an Sabal). A’ Stéidheachadh Gàidhealtachd Ùireadh, Building New Communities 1850s – 1880s, is depicted by the Church (an Eaglais) and the Centre Hallway House (Taigh na Tranna). Gàidhealtachd na h-Albann Nuaidh, Gaelic Nova Scotia 1880s – 1920s, is depicted and interpreted through the School House (an Taigh-sgoil), the General Store (an Taigh-marsantachd), the Forge (a’Cheàrdach), the Carding Mill (am Muileann-càrdaidh) and the Turn of the Century house (Taigh tùs na Ficheadamh Lìn). 
Visitors to Highland Village explore these 4 distinct eras of Nova Scotia’s Gaelic history while interacting with costumed animators throughout the historic buildings. The interpretation of this aspect of Nova Scotia’s history is enhanced by the inclusion of farm animals, traditional gardening and farming techniques, and other aspects of the life of the Gaels in this part of the world. The artifacts that make up the collection of the Highland Village Museum are carefully chosen to best represent the specific era they are reflecting. All artifacts at Highland Village are part of the Nova Scotia Museum Collection. 
A virtual museum site entitled "Cape Breton Céilidh" has been created which provides a brief look at the history of the Gaels in Nova Scotia and the cultural legacy they created.
Gaelic cultural promotion.
Highland Village Museum / An Clachan Gàidhealach offers programs and events designed to promote Gaelic language, culture and heritage. Through partnerships with other like-minded community groups, and government agencies, the Highland Village Museum and Nova Scotia highland Village Society is able to host educational programs such as Stòras a’ Bhaile, a four day Gaelic immersion folk-life school for advanced Nova Scotia Gaelic learners, among others learning opportunities. 
Highland Village Museum hosts an annual Highland Village Day outdoor Scottish Concert each August. Highland Village day began in 1962 as both a celebration of the beginnings of creating the Highland Village Museum, and as a fundraiser for further development. This annual tradition showcases local musicians who are continuing the musical traditions passed down through their ancestors. 
Other programs and events held annually include Pioneer Day, a traditional cod-fish supper, educational programs for youth, as well as the regular interpretive programming available on site daily. Highland Village offers an in-class visitation program to local schools entitled Sgadan’s Buntata which provides opportunities for students to see, and interact with, demonstrations of crafts performed by staff in period dress. In addition to being made aware of the material culture of Gaelic Nova Scotia, students experience an introduction to the Gaels’ language and customs.
Roots Cape Breton Genealogy & Family History Centre.
Roots Cape Breton is a computer-assisted research service for those in search of their Cape Breton roots. Through data extracted from census, cemetery, birth, marriage and death records, as well as other sources of information, the database will provide researchers with information which will assist them in their work. Roots Cape Breton is open to researchers each summer, and by appointment in the winter months.
Hours of operation.
Highland Village Museum is open to visitors from early June through mid October from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm. School groups, and tour groups can arrange special visitation appointments.
Further reading.
The Nova Scotia Office of Gaelic Affairs and the Gaelic Council of Nova Scotia both provide more information on the Gaels settlement in Nova Scotia as well as contemporary information on modern Gaelic culture in Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="31185965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185965" title="Kohlman">
Kohlman

Kohlman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31185968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31185968" title="Geoffrey Kingscott">
Geoffrey Kingscott

Geoffrey Kingscott (1936 – 2 March 2011) was a British writer, journalist, editor, translator, and UKIP politician.
Educated at Long Eaton Grammar School and University College London, where he took a BA degree in French in 1958.
He wrote several articles and books on railway history.
A UKIP activist, in 2005 he ran for a parliamentary seat for Erewash.

</doc>
<doc id="31186001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186001" title="The Bird in the Bush (Traditional Erotic Songs)">
The Bird in the Bush (Traditional Erotic Songs)

The Bird in the Bush (Traditional Erotic Songs) is a folk album by A. L. Lloyd, Anne Briggs and Frankie Armstrong, released by Topic Records in 1966. The album is a collection of traditional erotic British folk songs, although the album's content is in the form of euphemism and metaphor, like "sport and play". The album was re-released in 1996 by Topic on CD with 5 additional tracks taken from other Topic folk albums of the same period.
Track listing.
All songs are traditional.

</doc>
<doc id="31186006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186006" title="Duane C. Spriestersbach">
Duane C. Spriestersbach

Duane Caryl Spriestersbach (September 5, 1916 - April 25, 2011) was an acting President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1981-1982. Nicknamed "Sprie", he was born in Pine Island, MN, graduated from Winona State University in 1939, and received his MA in 1940 and his Ph.D. in 1948 from the University of Iowa. He served as dean of the University of Iowa's Graduate College from 1965-1989 and served both as vice president for research and as vice president for educational research and development, before serving as the acting president. The University's most distinguished dissertation prize, the D.C. Spriestersbach Dissertation Prize, is named in his honor. He was known for being able to tackle any problem assigned to him and for being a friend to students. He helped transform research by creating "centers" that organized research across department and college lines.

</doc>
<doc id="31186011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186011" title="Milwaukee County District Attorney">
Milwaukee County District Attorney

The Milwaukee County District Attorney is a state constitutional officer responsible for criminal prosecution in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. The current district attorney is John T. Chisholm, who has served since 2007.
History.
The first Milwaukee County District Attorney was Charles James, who served a two-year term beginning in 1848. District attorneys from then until 2008 also served two-year terms in office. Since that year, the district attorney serves for four years. The position is not, and has never been, subject to term limits. 
In the first decade of the 1900s, district attorney Francis E. McGovern and his office investigated and prosecuted corrupt city officials. The administration of Mayor David Rose was notorious for this, often ignoring illegal activity. Rose, although termed by McGovern "the self-elected, self-appointed attorney general" of local crime, was not indicted but was defeated in the 1910 mayoral election by Socialist Emil Seidel.
Responsibilities.
The district attorney's office is responsible for prosecuting state-level criminal offenses committed in Milwaukee County. The office also prosecutes county ordinance violators. Separate units within the office prosecute offenses such as violent crimes, sexual assault, domestic violence, white-collar crimes, and drug-related crimes, among others. The office also contains a unit devoted to prosecuting misdemeanor offenses.
Employees.
The district attorney's office is composed of about 125 assistant district attorneys, who are supervised by 4 deputy district attorneys and a chief deputy district attorney. The office is assisted by a relatively large support staff, and has ten investigators, who are law-enforcement officers.

</doc>
<doc id="31186017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186017" title="Kerala State Film Development Corporation">
Kerala State Film Development Corporation

Kerala State Film Development Corporation (KSFDC) is an organization founded by the Government of Kerala for promoting film making in the state of Kerala, India. It was founded in 1975, an era when production of Malayalam film was based in Chennai. KSFDC was formed with a purpose of moving the Malayalam film industry to Kerala. At the time of its founding it was the first of its kind in India being the first public sector organization for film development. KSFDC was the organizers of the International Film Festival of Kerala until after which the management of IFFK was handed over to the Kerala State Chalachitra Academy in 1998. KSFDC was the founder of the Chithranjali Studio. KSFDC also owns an exhibition network with 10 cinemas in Kerala. KSFDC also works as a production agency which makes public interest documentary films and short films for the Government of Kerala.
Subsidiaries.
Kalabhavan Digital Studio.
A digital post processing studio owned by the KSFDC.
Cinemas.
KSFDC owns an exhibition network of 11 cinemas in Kerala namely:

</doc>
<doc id="31186026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186026" title="Synchromy">
Synchromy

Synchromy (French: Synchromie) is a 1971 National Film Board of Canada visual music film by Norman McLaren utilizing graphical sound. To produce the film's musical soundtrack, McLaren photographed rectangular cards with lines on them. He arranged these shapes in sequences on the analog optical sound track to produce notes and chords. He then reproduced the sequence of shapes, colorized, in the image portion of the film, so that audiences see the shapes that they are also hearing, as sound.
McLaren had experimented with this technique for creating notes through patterns of stripes on the soundtrack area of the film in the 1950s, working with Evelyn Lambart. Their technique was based on earlier work in graphical sound by German pioneer Rudolf Pfenninger and Russian Nikolai Voinov.
The creation of "Synchromy" was documented by Gavin Millar in 1970 in a film called "The Eye Hears, The Ear Sees". In McLaren's production notes, he stated that "Apart from planning and executing the music, the only creative aspect of the film was the “choreographing” of the striations in the columns and deciding on the sequence and combinations of colours."
The film received eight awards, including a Special Jury Mention at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31186030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186030" title="Polygasropteryx">
Polygasropteryx

Polygasropteryx is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31186034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186034" title="Aldo Vannucchi">
Aldo Vannucchi

Aldo Vannucchi (born 24 September 1928) is an educator from Sorocaba, Brazil, former rector of the University of Sorocaba UNISO.
He was born in São João da Boa Vista, São Paulo, the son of Elvira Betiole and José Vannucchi. In 1932, a child, his family moved to Sorocaba.
In 1952 he was ordained priest by Don Aguirre, the first Diocesan Bishop of Sorocaba, one of the founders of the Faculty of Philosophy, Sciences and Letters, which had been a great inspiration in his life. He said the big lesson learned in 20 years of priesthood was that the true Church is the Church of the people, covering all but it has to be built from the reality of the mass of the people.
At the time of the military regime in Brazil, Aldo Vannucchi was arrested for a night, based on false accusations and due to his involvement with the working class. His release came after intervention by the Brazilian clergy. Alexandre Vannucchi Leme, his nephew, student of geology at the University of São Paulo - USP is arrested, tortured and murdered by the military, thus becoming one of the martyrs of the struggle by the end of military rule.
Requested dismissal of the clergy in 1963. He married Rosalia Cortez Vannucchi and have two sons João Estêvão Cortez Vannucchi e Ana Maria Cortez Vannucchi. He devoted himself exclusively to teaching, and as director and professor of Philosophy in schools and colleges of Sorocaba. In 1988, engaged in the struggle for the creation of the University of Sorocaba (UNISO), recognized in September 1994 and he was rector until 2010.
He is Master of Science in theology and Philosophy, with several specialized courses at universities in Rome, Geneva and Louvain in Belgium, it is also the author more than a dozen books and translator of many others. He was president of ABRUC (Brazilian Association of Community Universities), an organization that brings together about 50 community colleges in existence in Brazil. Aldo Vanucchi was also chosen by the minister of Education to form the National Council of Education in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="31186043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186043" title="Alan Phillip Gross">
Alan Phillip Gross

Alan Phillip Gross (born May 2, 1949) is a U.S. international development professional. In December 2009 he was arrested while in Cuba working as a U.S. government subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) as part of a program funded under the 1996 Helms-Burton Act. He was prosecuted in 2011 after being accused of crimes against the Cuban state for bringing satellite phones and computer equipment (to members of Cuba’s Jewish community) without the permit required under Cuban law. and is currently serving a 15-year prison sentence in Cuba.
Life and career.
Gross was born in New York and later moved to Maryland. He studied social work at the University of Maryland and the Virginia Commonwealth University. He had a long career as an international development worker who had been active in some 50 countries and territories across the Middle East, Africa, and Europe, including Iraq and Afghanistan, where he was setting up satellite communications systems to circumvent state-controlled channels.
In 2001, he founded "Joint Business Development Center", a small company earning less than US$70,000 in 2009, which supports "Internet connectivity in locations where there little or no access", according to the "New York Times". Gross and his wife Judy lived in Potomac, a Washington, D.C. suburb. The couple has two daughters.
Arrest and trial.
Background.
Gross was working with Development Alternatives Inc. (DAI), a contractor working with USAID who had won a US$6 million U.S. government contract for the program in which Gross was involved, a controversial "democracy-promotion program" that ballooned under the Bush administration, to provide communications equipment to break the Cuban government's 'information blockade'. Gross received more than US$500,000, despite the fact that he spoke little Spanish and had not worked in Cuba before.
USAID's US$20 million Cuba program, authorized by a law calling for regime change in Cuba, has been criticized repeatedly in congressional reports as being wasteful and ineffective, and putting people in danger. The equipment he brought to Cuba on his fourth trip, most, but not all of which is legal in Cuba, included 12 iPods, 11 BlackBerry Curve smartphones, three MacBooks, six 500-gigabyte external drives, three Internet satellite phones known as BGANs, three routers, three controllers, 18 wireless access points, 13 memory sticks, three VoIP phones, and networking switches. In his report on this trip, marked as final, he summarized: “Wireless networks established in three communities; about 325 users”. However, he went to Cuba for a fifth time in late November 2009, and was arrested 11 days later. When he was arrested, he was carrying a high-tech chip, intended to keep satellite phone transmissions from being located within . The chip is not available on the open market. It is provided most frequently to the CIA and the Defense Department, but can also be obtained by the State Department, which oversees USAID. Asked how Gross obtained the card, a USAID spokesman said that the agency played no role in helping Gross acquire equipment.
Arrest.
Gross was arrested on December 3, 2009 at the Havana Airport. He was jailed at Villa Marista prison, a detention center. According to classified U.S. diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks which show that the arrest came amid heightened tensions between Cuba and the U.S., Gross spent 25 days in jail before receiving his first visit from a U.S. diplomat, but was visited by a Cuban attorney earlier and was allowed to telephone his wife three days after his arrest on December 6 for the first time and again on December 23. During the one hour visit by the U.S. consul general in Havana on December 28, 2009, Gross stated that Cuban officials were "treating him 'with respect', though his interrogation had been 'very intense at first', lasting an average of two hours a day". According to the cable, the cell Gross had to share with two other men had a TV and a fan.
The attorney who visited Gross in jail, Armanda Nuria Piñero Sierra, was hired as Gross' lawyer and handled his trial and appeals. She also represents the families of five Cubans held in U.S. prisons, after being convicted in 2001 on charges of conspiracy to commit espionage against U.S. military installations, leading to the immediate speculation after Gross' arrest, that Cuba wanted to swap him for the five Cubans. In October 2011, it was revealed that the U.S. State Department had offered to let one of them who had been released from prison in the U.S. on probation serve the remainder of his probation in Cuba, in exchange for Gross' release.
US Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen said Gross' treatment was an attempt by Cuba to get a 'concession'. Many Jewish groups, including the Conference of Presidents of Major North American Organizations and the American Jewish Committee, protested against his detention.
Charges.
In January 2010, Ricardo Alarcón, the president of the Cuban National Assembly, claimed Gross was "contracted to work for American intelligence services", an allegation denied by both the U.S. government and Gross′s attorneys. Gross's trial was set on March 4, 2011. More than a year later, Gross was charged in February 2011 not with espionage but with "Acts against the Independence and Territorial Integrity of the State" ("Actos Contra la Independencia o la Integridad Territorial del Estado"), facing up to 20 years in prison.
Indictment.
On March 12, 2011, Gross was sentenced to 15 years in prison. According to the Cuban News Agency, he had been part of a "subversive project of the U.S. government that aimed to destroy the Revolution through the use of communication systems out of the control of authorities". Gross′ wife attended the trial with her attorney. Three U.S. officials also attended as observers.
Gross's case was appealed to the Supreme Court of Cuba, which affirmed the sentence in August 2011.
Reactions and advocacy.
After the sentence was passed, Gross' American attorney Peter J. Kahn said in a written statement: 
"The Gross family is devastated by the verdict and harsh sentence announced today by the Cuban authorities. Having already served a 15-month sentence in a Cuban prison, Alan and his family have paid an enormous personal price in the long-standing political feud between Cuba and the United States". Kahn pledged to "continue to work with Alan's Cuban attorney in exploring any and all options available to him, including the possibility of an appeal". He also called for Gross' immediate release on humanitarian grounds.
U.S. National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor responded to the ruling, saying that it "adds another injustice to Alan Gross's ordeal", and that "he has already spent too many days in detention and should not spend one more", and asked for "the immediate release of Mr. Gross so that he can return home to his wife and family".
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters that Gross had been "unjustly jailed for far too long... He needs to be able to leave Cuba and return home", adding "this is a matter of great personal pain to his family and concern to the U.S. government".
Several members of Congress have visited Cuba to see Gross.
The Jewish community and others called on Pope Benedict XVI to appeal to Raul Castro during his visit to Cuba in March 2012 to release Gross.
Gross's wife, after fighting to persuade the organized Jewish community to rally behind a humanitarian campaign to free her husband, has publicly criticized President Barack Obama and U.S. policy toward Cuba. In a March 13, 2012 interview with "Politico", after having hired the public relations company Burson-Marsteller allegedly on the State Department′s recommendation, she called her husband a "pawn" in a "failed policy" between the Cuban and American governments, adding "the trial wasn’t about him. It was about USAID and U.S. policy towards Cuba". Gross reportedly insists that his "goals were not the same as the program that sent ," and called on the Obama administration to meet Cuba at the negotiating table to solve bilateral issues between the two states, including his case.
Relationship to the Cuban Five case.
Many groups, including the U.S.-based Center for Human Rights and Constitutional Law, have urged the US Administration to negotiate with Cuba for Gross's release in exchange for the release of three remaining Cubans of the original Cuban Five still serving long sentences in the U.S. as a result of their convictions in Miami for infiltrating anti-Castro groups planning terrorist actions against the Cuban Government and spying on the activities at two U.S. military bases. The Center argues that refusing to permit the humanitarian release of the three remaining members of the Cuban Five in return for the humanitarian release of Alan Gross by Cuba, likely guarantees that Gross will serve about ten more years in prison in Cuba, stands as a major stumbling block to any constructive steps towards normalization of relations with Cuba, and undermines the long-standing U.S. interest in moving Cuba towards political and economic liberalization. The U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention has equally criticized the Cuban conviction of Gross and the U.S. Government's treatment and convictions of the Cuban Five. The Center for Human Rights and Constitutional Law has written to President Obama pointing out that the U.S. Government's conviction of Gerardo Hernández Nordelo, one of the Cuban Five, for conspiracy to commit murder in the February 1996 Cuban shoot down of two Brothers to the Rescue planes and his life sentence is a stain on the U.S. justice system as he in fact had nothing to do with the shoot down and had less knowledge about Cuba's plans than the US Government possessed. The U.S. Government has a long history of reducing sentences or pardoning those convicted of far more serious activities contrary to the national security than the activities for which the Cuban Five were convicted. The Center for Human Rights and Constitutional Law has argued that there are several ways in which a prisoner exchange could be accomplished in a manner fully consistent with U.S. law.
Health Condition.
Reportedly, Gross' health has deteriorated during his incarceration. According to his wife and attorney, he has lost over 100 pounds (48 kg), has degenerative arthritis and is having difficulty walking. In May 2012, a mass developed on his right shoulder, which was diagnosed by Cuban doctors as a hematoma (collection of blood). But a U.S. radiologist consulted by Gross' family stated that the mass was improperly diagnosed, and that Gross could be suffering from cancer, which prompted Gross's new U.S. attorney Jared Genser, a Washington-based international human rights attorney to file a petition to the UN Special Rapporteur on Torture. At the same time, "extremely concerned about Alan Gross' health," the U.S. State Department called for Gross's immediate release.
On the other hand, the president of the Hebrew Community of Cuba, who has visited Gross in jail several times, claimed that Gross "looked very agile" and was not particularly worried about the mass on his shoulder. In November 2012, the "Miami Herald" reported that New York Rabbi Elie Abadie, who is also a physician, told The Associated Press that “Alan Gross does not have any cancerous growth at this time, at least based on the studies I was shown and based on the examination, and I think he understands that also,” after personally examining Gross and receiving a briefing from a team of Cuban physicians who attended Gross. 
The Cuban Foreign Affairs Ministry, in a statement detailing a meeting between diplomats of the U.S. Interests Section in Havana, a doctor and nurse from the U.S. mission, and members of the Cuban medical team that presented the results of the biopsy performed on the lesion behind Gross's right shoulder, confirmed that the hematoma was not carcinogenic. The Cuban Government also maintains that Gross's health is normal for a man his age and that he is being properly treated, after having stated a few months earlier that Gross, who is held at a military hospital, "could be held at any prison facility" in what is seen as a thinly veiled warning.
Lawsuits.
In November 2012, Gross and his wife, Judith, sued Development Alternatives Inc. (DAI) and USAID for failing to adequately prepare, train and supervise him given the dangerous nature of the program's activities. Reportedly, they are seeking $60 million compensatory damages. They filed another lawsuit, reportedly seeking $10 million from Gross' insurer Federal Insurance Company for benefits they say the company has denied.
References.
<ref name="nyt2010.1.12">

</doc>
<doc id="31186048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186048" title="Richard D. Remington">
Richard D. Remington

Richard D. Remington (August 2, 1931 - July 26, 1992) was an acting President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1987-1988. He received his bachelor's and master's degrees, both in Mathematics, from the University of Montana and his M.P.H. and Ph.D. in Public Health Statistics from the University of Michigan. He married Betty Brooks Morrison on Dec. 28, 1952. From 1982 to 1988, he was the vice president for academic affairs and dean of the faculties at the University of Iowa, and was acting president from 1987-1988. He also served as director of the Institute for Health, Behavior and Environmental Policy at the University of Iowa's College of Medicine. He held the position of UI Foundation Distinguished Professor of Preventive Medicine and Environmental Health, which he retained until his death in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="31186087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186087" title="Lucie Green">
Lucie Green

Lucie Green (born circa 1975) is an English solar researcher, based at the Mullard Space Science Laboratory (MSSL) of University College London (UCL). She is also an award winning science writer, and television and radio presenter.
Early life and education.
Educated at the all-girls Dame Alice Harpur School in Bedfordshire, where she studied art and physics to A-Level. She then gained her Masters in Astrophysics at the University of Sussex, where encouraged by visits to the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory, decided to study the sun and gained her doctorate at the MSSL in 2002.
Career.
After gaining her Ph.D, she moved to Cardiff University's School of Physics
and Astronomy, the UK base of the Faulkes Telescope Project.
Green is presently the Leverhulme Research Fellow (previously the Royal Society Dorothy Hodgkin Fellow), at MSSL. Her current work focuses on the pattern of magnetic fields in the Sun's atmosphere, which sporadically erupt to form a coronal mass ejections; how these relate to geomagnetic activity and what this means for those living on the Earth. Green regularly works with the major space agencies, including ESA, NASA and the Japanese Space Agency, JAXA, with whom she was Chief Observer on the Hinode mission.
Green sits on the board of the European Solar Physics Division (ESPD), the European Physical Society and the advisory board of the Science Museum.
Media.
She has appeared on many television programmes, including "Xchange", "The One Show", "Material World", "The Sky at Night" and "Stargazing Live". She also co-presented the Open University/BBC Two "Stardate" programme in 2004 and 2005, including "Stardate: Mission To Titan" with Adam Hart-Davis and "Stardate:Deep Impact" with Brian Cox. Since February 2013 she has been co-presenter of "The Sky at Night".
Awards.
In 2009 she was awarded the Royal Society's Kohn Award for Excellence in Engaging the Public with Science. In 2010 aged 35, she was named one the UK top 10 best scientific minds under 40 in "The Times" October science supplement, Eureka.

</doc>
<doc id="31186089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186089" title="Lady Drury's Closet">
Lady Drury's Closet

Lady Drury's Closet (also known as the Hawstead Panels) is a series of painted wooden panels of early 17th-century date, currently installed in the room over the porch of Christchurch Mansion in Ipswich, Suffolk, England.
They originally decorated a painted closet, about 7 feet square, adjacent to a bedroom in Hawstead Place, near Bury St Edmunds. It is believed they were made for Lady Anne Bacon Drury, wife of Sir Robert Drury of Hawstead and Hardwick, who died in 1615. They were removed to Hardwick House, Suffolk, probably by Sir Robert, before 1615; and when the Hardwick House contents were sold in 1924, they were purchased for and installed in Christchurch Mansion when it had already become the home of the Fine and Decorative Arts collections of the Ipswich Museum. 
The panels contain a series of emblems of the kind associated with emblem books—images fashionable throughout Europe for private religious meditation in that age. The original sequence of the emblems is unclear, although the panels as arranged under their Latin "headings" are as originally devised. In addition to their importance for the study of emblems in general, they are significant because the Drurys were patrons of the poet and divine John Donne, who wrote his two "Anniversaries" following the death in 1610 of their daughter Elizabeth Drury—namely, "" and "The Second Anniversarie or the Progresse of the Soule". The epigrammatic and verbally or visually paradoxical themes of the paintings are, however, linked more directly to the themes and techniques of meditation developed in the writings and sermons of the preacher Joseph Hall, who was chaplain and spiritual advisor to Lady Drury at Hawstead.
Sources.
Christchurch Mansion (Colchester & Ipswich Museums), Booklet.

</doc>
<doc id="31186090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186090" title="John Giordano (ice hockey coach)">
John Giordano (ice hockey coach)

John Giordano (born c. 1944) is a former ice hockey coach. He was the head coach of the Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team from 1980 to 1984.
Early years.
Giordano attended Notre Dame High School, a Catholic high school located in the Detroit suburb of Harper Woods, Michigan. He graduated in 1961 and later graduated from Wayne State University in Detroit.
Hockey coach at Harper Woods Notre Dame.
Giordano returned to Harper Woods Notre Dame High School as a teacher and hockey coach. He was the hockey coach at Notre Dame from 1969 to 1979. He led the Notre Dame hockey team to a Michigan state championship in 1972. While at Notre Dame, he coached future NHL player John Blum. Actor Dave Coulier also played hockey for Giordano in the 1970s. Coulier later recalled: "Giordano wasn't real happy when I made the guys laugh. He was very serious. Not a great combination with my constantly goofing-around personality. We had team curfews, haircuts, and if you didn't wear a suit to the games, you were benched."
Hockey coach at Michigan.
In 1979, Giordano was hired as an assistant hockey coach at the University of Michigan working under head coach Dan Farrell. Giordano was reunited at Michigan with John Blum, who had joined the Wolverines after graduating from Notre Dame High School. During the 1979-1980 hockey season, Giordano was in charge of the Wolverines' power play. Giordano was credited with molding the unit into "the most potent power play in the country," scoring on 40% of power play opportunities.
In the spring of 1980, Farrell resigned as Michigan's head coach and was replaced by former Wolverine hockey star Wilf Martin. In the fall of 1980, the Michigan hockey team became embroiled in two major controversies.
First, a hazing scandal dominated press coverage of the team in October. Veteran players reportedly forced a freshman player to drink large quantities of gin, vodka and beer, stripped him of his clothes, shaved his body from the neck down, covered him with jam, eggs and cologne, dumped him in the trunk of a car, and left him nearly unconscious in freezing weather. This was later found not to be true and the players actually returned the player, (J T Todd) to his dorm. Todd, who was walk-on from Detroit left the team. 
Second, head coach Martin developed health problems, reported in the press to be an emotional disorder, during the exhibition season. Martin coached only two games during the 1980-1981 season, and announced his resignation in late November 1980.
Giordano took over, initially as interim head coach, for a Michigan hockey team in crisis. Giordano was praised for his efforts in leading the team to a 23-17 record during the 1980-1981 season. "The Michigan Daily" noted:"The Wayne State graduate was faced with a very adverse set of circumstances from the outset, including the loss of Michigan's top three scorers, being picked to finish last in the WCHA by pre-season pollsters, and extremely negative publicity surrounding the hazing incident."
Athletic director Don Canham added, "He took over in a bad situation and he's done a remarkably good job." Giordano was named permanent head coach in early February 1981. At the end of the 1980-1981 season, he was named collegiate Coach of the Year by "The Hockey News", WCHA Coach of the Year by "The Denver Post", and WCHA Co-Coach of the Year with John MacInnes by the vote of WCHA coaches.
In Giordano's second year as head coach, the Michigan hockey team moved from the highly-competitive Western Collegiate Hockey Association ("WCHA") to the less-competitive Central Collegiate Hockey Association ("CCHA"). With the change in conferences, "the conventional wisdom was that the Wolverines would dominate the new circuit behind their successful young coach." Instead, the Wolverines finished in fourth place in the CCHA during the 1981-1982 season with a record of 18-15-5.;
The team continued to move in the wrong direction in Giordano's third and fourth years as head coach, finishing in ninth place in the CCHA both years with records of 14-22-0 and 14-22-1.
Giordano's position as head coach was further undermined by lagging attendance (Michigan averaged approximately 3,000 fans per game during Giordano's final two years as head coach) and a players' mutiny. Giordano had a reputation as a disciplinarian. Among other things, he strictly enforced curfews and ordered extra 6 a.m. practices when the team failed to perform. He was also alleged to have stripped seven players of their scholarships. In the spring of 1984, all 22 Michigan hockey players signed a petition listing their grievances and stating that Giordano was "an embarrassment to all of us in front of other coaches and players." Athletic director Don Canham later recalled:"I never talk to players about their coaches. I coached myself, and I know enough not to do that. But when all 22 players walked into my office the second time with a signed petition to say this situation is intolerable – well, I just had to let him go. He just never could get along with the players."
In his history of the Michigan hockey program, historian John U. Bacon noted: "In reporting the decision, the "Michigan Daily" described Giordano as being 'very unpopular with the players, parents, fans and alumni' – which didn't leave many in his corner."
Giordano was replaced as the head coach of the Michigan men's ice hockey team by current head coach Red Berenson.

</doc>
<doc id="31186107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186107" title="Marc Julia">
Marc Julia

Marc Julia (23 October 1922 Paris– 29 June 2010) was a French chemist and the winner of the 1990 CNRS Gold Medal in chemistry. He discovered the Julia olefination reaction in 1973.
Biography.
Julia was born in 1922 in Paris as son of the renown mathematician Gaston Julia. Julia studied at the École Normale Supérieure physics and after receiving his diploma he joined the group of Ian Heilbron at the Imperial College London where he received his first PhD. After being back to France he changed his subject to chemistry and he subsequently received his second PhD for work with Georges Dupont.

</doc>
<doc id="31186108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186108" title="The Islamic Society of Greater Manchester">
The Islamic Society of Greater Manchester

The Islamic Society of Greater Manchester is an Islamic organization based in Manchester, New Hampshire that is currently attempting to build the first mosque in the state of New Hampshire. As of 2006 there were approximately 3,000 Muslims in New Hampshire. 
Origins.
The society originated among the Muslim Student Association at the Southern New Hampshire University. They initially held their Friday prayers in a room on campus that the school allocated to them. Southern New Hampshire University economics professor Mahboubul Hassan was the advisor to the organization. After SNHU sold the part of campus that hosted the meetings, the group began working together with Muslim immigrants who settled in New Hampshire to attempt to build a mosque. In 1998 the Islamic Society of Greater Manchester was created to pursue this task and the society has been engaged in efforts to build a mosque in Manchester ever since. Mahboubul Hassan then became the president of the society. While the mosque is being built, they hold prayer meetings in the headquarters of the society. Their offices have been located in several different places, including a dance studio and the basement of a beauty school. 
Mosque.
In 1999 the society was twice denied permits to build a mosque in a rural area of east Manchester by the city of Manchester's Zoning Board of Adjustment and filed a lawsuit in response. The city of Manchester allowed the group to re-submit their plans in 2003. City officials had opposed the building plans because the road leading to the building site was of very poor quality, parking was limited, and blasting would be required. After the planning board approved the plans, neighboring residents individually sued to stop the construction claiming that they owned a portion of the land. In 2005 a judge ruled in favor of the society and they were able to begin construction. New Hampshire state representative Saggy Tahir has been a vocal supporter of the planned mosque. Siraj Wahhaj also traveled to New Hampshire to speak at a fundraiser for the project. After construction began, local pastors and the Greater Manchester Interfaith Council called on local churches to volunteer to help with the construction. The move caused some controversy among local residents, some of whom were vocally opposed to allowing the construction of a mosque. Construction commenced, however, though it often proceeded slowly due to unexpected costs. The society plans to build a three level domed octagonal building. It will not have a minaret or loudspeakers, however. The building site has been regularly vandalized, although vandalism was an issue for the previous owners as well. 
Other activities.
Leaders of the society engage in efforts to build tolerance for Muslims among New Hampshire residents and participate in interfaith activities. Some of them met with New Hampshire law enforcement officials and hosted gatherings with FBI officials designed to combat harassment of local Muslims. Such gatherings have been hosted in the wake of the September 11 attacks and the 2003 invasion of Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31186121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186121" title="Peter E. Nathan">
Peter E. Nathan

Peter E. Nathan (born April 18, 1935) was an acting President of the University of Iowa, serving in 1995. Prior to that, he served as Provost of the University of Iowa from 1993 to 1995. Nathan received his B.A. in Social Relations from Harvard College in 1957 and his Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology from Washington University in 1962. Nathan has been The University of Iowa Foundation Distinguished Professor of Psychology at the University since 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="31186179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186179" title="W. O. Woods">
W. O. Woods

Walter Orr Woods (October 31, 1873 – June 7, 1951) was United States Register of the Treasury from October 1, 1927 to January 17, 1929 and Treasurer of the United States from January 18, 1929 to May 31, 1933. Before becoming Treasurer, he was a member of the War Loan Board staff. As Treasurer he supervised the change from the large to the smaller sized U.S. currency now in use.

</doc>
<doc id="31186189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186189" title="Prosopodopsis">
Prosopodopsis

Prosopodopsis is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31186234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186234" title="Chroococcidiopsis">
Chroococcidiopsis

Chroococcidiopsis is one of the most primitive cyanobacteria, blue-green algae, known. It is a photosynthetic, coccoidal bacteria and is known for its ability to survive harsh environmental conditions, including both high and low temperatures, ionizing radiation, and high salinity. Organisms that are capable of living in such harsh conditions are referred to as extremophilic.
Desiccation resistance.
The ability of "Chroococcidiopsis" to resist desiccation in arid environments is due in part to the fact that it colonizes the underside of translucent rocks. The underside of these rocks provides enough condensed moisture for growth while the rock's translucent nature allows just enough light to reach the organism for photosynthesis to occur.
Mars colonization.
Due to its resistance to harsh environmental conditions, especially low temperature, low moisture, and radiation tolerance, "Chroococcidiopsis" has been thought of as an organism capable of living on Mars. Scientists have speculated about the possibly of introducing "Chroococcidiopsis" to the Martian environment to aid in the formation of an aerobic environment. In addition to oxygen production, "Chroococcidiopsis" could aid in the formation of soil on the Martian surface. On Earth, soil is formed from the decomposition of organic matter. On Mars, because there is no organic matter present, the organic material from the microbes themselves would provide the necessary organic matter. The soil and oxygen produced by these organisms could one day provide the conditions necessary for humans to grow food on Mars, possibly allowing for permanent human civilizations on the planet.

</doc>
<doc id="31186236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186236" title="Rangárþing">
Rangárþing

Rangárþing, or Rangárthing, may refer to a pair of Icelandic municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="31186251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186251" title="Eyolf Soot">
Eyolf Soot

Eyolf Soot (1858 or 1859 – 1928) was a Norwegian painter. He was born in Aremark, and was married to actress Inga Bjørnson from 1892 to 1900. Among his teachers were Knud Bergslien, Karl Gussow and Léon Bonnat. He is represented in the National Gallery of Norway with several paintings, including a portrait of Jonas Lie and his wife, a portrait of Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson and his wife, "Velkommen" from 1890, and "Barnemordersken" from 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="31186261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186261" title="1869 Atlantic hurricane season">
1869 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1869 Atlantic hurricane season was the earliest season in the Atlantic hurricane database in which there were at least ten tropical cyclones. Initially there were only three known storms in the year, but additional research uncovered the additional storms. Meteorologist Christopher Landsea estimates up to six storms may remain missing from the official database for each season in this era, due to small tropical cyclone size, sparse ship reports, and relatively unpopulated coastlines. All activity occurred in a three-month period between the middle of August and early October.
Out of the ten tropical storms, seven reached hurricane intensity, of which four made landfall on the United States. The strongest hurricane was a Category 3 on the modern-day Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale which struck New England at that intensity, one of four storms to do so. It left heavy damage, killing at least one person. The most notable hurricane of the season was the Saxby Gale, which was predicted nearly a year in advance. The hurricane was one of six to produce hurricane force winds in Maine, where it left heavy damage and flooding. The Saxby Gale left 37 deaths along its path, with its destruction greatest along the Bay of Fundy; there, the hurricane produced a 70.9 ft (21.6 m) high tide near the head of the bay.
Storms.
Hurricane One.
The first tropical cyclone of the season was observed on August 12, about 500 mi (800 km) southeast of Cape Race, Newfoundland. Its entire track was unknown, and its existence was only confirmed for 24 hours, based on three ship reports. The second, a barque, the "Prinze Frederik Carl", sustained damage to all of its sails. The Hurricane Research Division (HRD) assessed the storm to have moved northeastward in its limited duration, and based on the ship reports estimated peak winds of 105 mph (165 km/h); this would make it a Category 2 hurricane on the modern-day Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
Hurricane Two.
By August 16, a strong hurricane was located in the northwestern Gulf of Mexico south of Louisiana. With estimated winds of 105 mph (165 km/h), it tracked westward and struck Texas on Matagorda Island before passing near Refugio. The hurricane quickly weakened over land and dissipated late on August 17. Damage from the hurricane was heaviest in Refugio and Indianola. In the latter city, strong waves damaged wharves and boats while the storm surge flooded the streets with about of water. Intense winds knocked down several houses as well as a church, and many buildings lost their roofs. In Sabine Pass, the winds ruined a variety of fruit crops.
Hurricane Three.
The third hurricane of the season was only known due to it affecting one ship. A vessel in the Royal Mail Steam Packet Company reported a hurricane on August 27, about halfway between Bermuda and the Azores. The storm was estimated to have been moving north-northwestward with winds of 80 mph (130 km/h), although its entire track is unknown.
Tropical Storm Four.
A tropical storm was first observed on September 1 to the east of the Bahamas. There, it left heavy damage to a brig sailing from Nassau to New York. The storm tracked generally northeastward, damaging another ship on September 2 near Bermuda.
Hurricane Five.
On September 4, a hurricane was located in the northern Gulf of Mexico, moving north-northwestward. The next day, it moved ashore in southeastern Louisiana with winds estimated at 80 mph (130 km/h), passing west of New Orleans. It dissipated early on September 6. The hurricane dropped heavy rainfall along its path that caused flooding. In addition, strong winds uprooted trees and damaged fences. High tides flooded Grand Isle with of water.
Hurricane Six.
On September 7, three ships observed hurricane force winds over the western Atlantic Ocean, between the Bahamas and Bermuda. The storm moved northward, impacting several other ships as it paralleled the east coast of the United States; one of them reported a pressure of 956 mbar (28.24 inHg), which indicated the system was an intense hurricane. Late on September 8, it reached a peak intensity of 115 mph (185 km/h) with a pressure of 950 mbar (28.05 inHg). After brushing Long Island, the hurricane weakened slightly and made landfall on southwestern Rhode Island at peak intensity. It was one of four hurricanes, along with the 1938 New England hurricane, the 1944 Great Atlantic hurricane, and Hurricane Carol in 1954, to strike New England as a major hurricane, or Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson scale.
At landfall, the hurricane was compact, estimated around wide. However, less than 10 miles (16 km) west of the center, there were no strong winds. The hurricane produced a storm surge of , which was lessened due to it moving ashore at low tide. In Providence, Rhode Island, high waves damaged coastal wharves and left flooding. The hurricane weakened quickly over land, passing just west of Boston early on September 9 as a minimal hurricane. There, the winds downed many trees and left severe damage. All telegraph lines between New York and Boston were cut, although the storm did produce beneficial heavy rainfall. Shortly thereafter it dissipated over Maine. There was one confirmed death in Massachusetts. Offshore Maine, a schooner capsized, killing all but one in the crew.
Hurricane Seven.
A ship about halfway between South America and Cape Verde reported a hurricane on September 11. The storm tracked generally west-northwestward, affecting several other ships with damaging winds. On September 15, a ship traveling from St. Thomas to England encountered the hurricane and observed a minimum barometric pressure of 979 mbar (28.90 inHg); this suggested peak winds of 105 mph (165 km/h). By September 16 the hurricane had weakened slightly as its track turned to the north and northeast. It was last observed on September 18 to the west of the Azores as a tropical storm.
Tropical Storm Eight.
The only basis for identifying the eighth tropical cyclone of the season was from a report by the bark "Crescent Wave". On September 14, the ship encountered strong winds and heavy rainfall about halfway between the Lesser Antilles and Cape Verde. At the time, the storm was at least east of the previous hurricane.
Tropical Storm Nine.
On October 1, the brig "Jenny" observed "a revolting gale lasting 3 days" off the south coast of Puerto Rico, which indicated a tropical storm in the region. Despite being located near several islands in the Caribbean, no land stations experienced any effects from the storm.
Hurricane Ten.
The final hurricane of the season was first observed on October 4 by a ship off the southeast coast of North Carolina. With winds estimated at 105 mph (165 km/h), the storm tracked northeastward, passing just east of Martha's Vineyard before moving across Cape Cod late on October 4. As it moved along the coast, the storm produced heavy precipitation, reaching 12.25 in (311 mm) in Canton, Connecticut. The strongest winds did not affect Massachusetts, although a few hours later the hurricane struck just east of Portland, Maine at peak intensity. This made it one of six storms to produce hurricane-force winds in Maine, along with Hurricane Carol in 1953, Hurricane Edna in 1954, Hurricane Donna in 1960, Hurricane Gerda in 1969, and Hurricane Gloria in 1985. In Maine, the high rainfall caused widespread flooding, while the high winds destroyed at least 90 houses. The hurricane quickly weakened over land, and after turning northeastward into Atlantic Canada dissipated on October 5 near the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
The hurricane was referred as Saxby's Gale after Lieutenant S.M. Saxby of the Royal Navy predicted in November 1868 that an unusually violent storm would produce very high tides on October 5; he did not specify the location, however. Although heavy damage occurred in New England, the devastation was greatest in Atlantic Canada along the Bay of Fundy. The hurricane produced a storm surge of around , which, in combination with the winds, the low pressure, and being in a region of naturally occurring high tides, produced a 70.9 ft (21.6 m) high tide near the head of the bay. The high tides surpassed the dykes across New Brunswick and left widespread flooding, killing many cattle and sheep and washing away roads. In the Cumberland Basin, the floods washed two boats about 3 mi (5 km) inland. In Moncton, water levels rose about 6.6 ft (2 m) higher than the previous highest level. There were 37 deaths between Maine, New Brunswick, and New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31186294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186294" title="Charleston High School (Illinois)">
Charleston High School (Illinois)

Charleston High School is a public high school in Charleston, Illinois, United States. It is among the few public high schools in Illinois to receive a distinguished GreatSchools Rating of 8 out of 10. Charleston High School serves grades 9-12 in the Charleston Cusd 1 district. The AP® participation rate at Charleston High School is 12 percent. The student body makeup is 51 percent male and 49 percent female, and the total minority enrollment is 6 percent. The total enrollment from the year 2011 was 809. There are also 50 full time teachers on the staff of Charleston High School. The student teacher ratio is 16:1. They are rated from 0 (worst) to 100 (best) at 84. They did not meet the education standards for 2011. Charleston High School offers AP courses in nine subjects. They meet the immunization protection levels required by the state. 61.3% of students met PSAE standards in the year 2011. The enrollment of students by grade; Grade 9: 196, Grade 10: 203, Grade 11: 202, Grade 12: 208. Charleston High School follows Illinois and Charleston CUSD 1 District guidelines. The community rating for this school is four out of five stars. This is the reported crime rate since 2006 - 0 for Assault/Battery, 1 for Weapons, and 10 for Drugs. At Charleston High School in Spring 2010, 33.7% of juniors scored high enough on at least three of the four parts of the ACT to be considered “college-ready” for key freshman classes. 
Notable Alumni.
During his four year reign at Charleston High School, McInerney left no stone unturned as he dominated both the school's social sphere and its athletic arena. McInerney rose to the public eye after becoming Spirit Leader of the esteemed Charleston High School Cheering Section. Boosted by this first taste of success, McInerney carried his domination to the track where he avenged his previous jr. high letdown with a victory in the 3200m run at the IHSA Track & Field State Championships. McInerney rounded out his 4 year reign of terror with arguably his greatest achievements: his coronation as Charleston High School Homecoming King and Charleston High School Prom King.
References.
http://www.charleston.k12.il.us/chs/Athletics/athletics.htm 
http://www.eiupanthers.com/roster.aspx?rp_id=3657&path=mcross

</doc>
<doc id="31186303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186303" title="Economic impact of illegal immigrants in the United States">
Economic impact of illegal immigrants in the United States

The economic impact of illegal immigrants in the United States is challenging to measure and politically contentious.
Illegal immigrant population.
Number of illegal immigrants.
The Pew Hispanic Center estimated in December 2012 that there were 11.1 million unauthorized immigrants living in the United States as of March 2011, unchanged from the previous two years and a continuation of the sharp decline from its peak of 12 million in 2007. This decline has been the first significant decrease following two decades of growth up to 2007.
The reduction has been driven mainly by a decrease in the number of new immigrants from Mexico, the single largest source. Net immigration from Mexico to the U.S. has stopped and possibly reversed since 2010. At its peak in 2000, about 770,000 immigrants arrived annually from Mexico; the majority arrived illegally. By 2010, the inflow had dropped to about 140,000—a majority of whom arrived as legal immigrants.
One immigration research group reported that the number of illegal immigrants in the U.S. was 12.5 million in August 2007 at its peak. This decreased by 1.3 million to 11.2 million by July 2008 (11%) due to either increased law enforcement or fewer job opportunities. Based on the Department of Homeland Security estimates in 2009, unauthorized immigrant population living in the United States decreased to 10.8 million in January 2009 from 11.6 million in January 2008. Between 2000 and 2009, the unauthorized population grew by 27 percent.
A number of illegal immigrants have children once they are in the US, making their children US citizens and therefore not counted in the number of illegal children in the US.
For comparative purposes, as of September 2012, the U.S. civilian labor force had approximately 155 million people overall, relative to a U.S. population of approximately 315 million people.
Distribution of illegal immigrants by state.
Between 2000 and 2007, the fastest growth rate was in Georgia where the immigrant population grew by 152%. California, the state receiving the greatest number of immigrants, grew by 10.2%, Florida by 16.7%, and Texas by 32.7%.17. Arizona has the highest number of illegal immigrants than other states in US. They contribute about 12% a share of the workforce. illegal immigrants are filling gaps in fields where there is a low job demand among Americans workers because of a low pay. Per Georgia Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association 2010 report GA farmers suffered because of new state regulation for reporting and not hiring any illegal immigrant. GA farmers lost more than 50% of the labor and crops because of limited labor force.
Illegal immigrant income distribution.
Immigrants to the U.S. are concentrated at both the high- and low-income ends of the U.S. labor market, determined largely by their educational attainment. In 2004, at the low end, half of workers age 25 and older who lacked a diploma were from Mexico and Central America. These workers were employed in jobs that required little formal education, such as construction labor and dishwashing, and on average they earned much less than did the average native worker.
Geographic origins of illegal immigrants.
Illegal immigrants are all foreign-born non-citizens who are not legal residents. Most of them either entered the United States without inspection or were admitted temporarily and stayed past the date they were required to leave. It is very hard to study the illegal population, but estimates indicate that about one-third of the foreign-born population now living in the US is illegal. The Center for Immigration Studies reported in 2012 that about 50% of 12 million illegal immigrants in the United States arrived legally with temporary, non-immigrant visas and then overstay per David Seminara, CIS. Of all unauthorized immigrants living in the United States in 2009, 63 percent entered before 2000, and 62 percent were from Mexico.
About three-quarters (75%) of the nation's unauthorized immigrants are Latino. The majority of illegal immigrants (59%) are from Mexico. Significant regional sources of unauthorized immigrants include Asia (11%), Central America (11%), South America (7%), the Caribbean (4%) and the Middle East (less than 2%). illegal immigrants constitute 4% of the nation's population. Approximately two-thirds have been in the U.S. for 10 years or fewer.
Factors affecting population of illegal immigrants.
Ernesto Zedillo, former President of Mexico and current Director of the Yale Center for the Study of Globalization, argues that the US economy has a crucial need for migrant workers, and that the current debate must acknowledge this rather than just focus on enforcement. Peter Andreas, Professor of Political Science and International Studies at Brown University, asserts that illegal immigration is spurred on by periods of high demand for labor.
According to analyses by Zedillo and Andreas, greater demand for low-wage labor leads to higher illegal immigration. The numbers seem to support this analysis. Standard & Poor's estimated in April 2006 that, at that time, the U.S. was home to 11 million illegal immigrants. The Pew Hispanic Center estimated that the population of illegal immigrants grew from 1990 to a high of 11.9 million in 2006 plus another 1.1 million persons who are believed to be undercounted in the published estimates, and then dropped during the following recession. The change was noticeable by 2008, and was sharply down by 2010. In 2007, a decade-long trend reversed and the overall number of illegal immigrants fell below the number of legal permanent resident immigrants.
If considering the 2007 data for immigrant migration by the United States rate, the highest numbers of immigrants entered between 2000 and 2007 during a high demand for construction labor with real estate market growth. Then due to the economic slow down in late 2007, the number of illegal immigrants decreased.
From the data of the Current Population Survey (CPS), which is collected monthly by the Census Bureau follows that there is a clear evidence that the illegal population has declined significantly between 2008- 2011. The evidence indicates that since hitting a peak in the summer of 2007 the illegal population may have declined by almost 14 percent. A decline in the illegal population is caused by two factors like US economy and US enforcement. The decline is caused by fewer immigrants coming and more returning home.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) estimated that between January 2000 and January 2007 the illegal alien population grew 3.3 million. But the newest DHS estimates show that between January 1, 2007, and January 1, 2008, the illegal alien population declined 180,000. Future enforcement efforts as well as the state of the economy will likely determine if the current trend continues. There is evidence that the illegal population rose in the summer of 2007, while Congress was considering legalizing illegal immigrants. When that legislation failed to pass, the illegal population quickly began a dramatic fall. After that legislation failed many employers were audited by local enforcement agencies and their illegal employees were forced to depart. Consequently employers because of fear of huge fines reduced job availability for illegal immigrants and this caused a significant rise in their unemployment rate. This was a second factor to influence a reduction in illegal immigrants’ population in US. The relative importance of increased enforcement versus the economy is difficult to determine. What is clear is that a very long-standing migration pattern has reversed. But once the economy recovers and if enforcement is reduced, which seems likely, the illegal population will almost certainly resume its growth.
Economic effects: An overview.
At the current time (before amnesty), the average unlawful immigrant household has a net deficit (benefits received minus taxes paid) of $14,387 per household. During the interim phase immediately after amnesty, tax payments would increase more than government benefits, and the average fiscal deficit for former unlawful immigrant households would fall to $11,455. At the end of the interim period, unlawful immigrants would become eligible for means-tested welfare and medical subsidies under Obamacare. Average benefits would rise to $43,900 per household; tax payments would remain around $16,000; the average fiscal deficit (benefits minus taxes) would be about $28,000 per household. Amnesty would also raise retirement costs by making unlawful immigrants eligible for Social Security and Medicare, resulting in a net fiscal deficit of around $22,700 per retired amnesty recipient per year.
CBO study.
During 2007, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office reviewed 29 reports published over 15 years on the impact of unauthorized immigrants on the budgets of state and local governments. While cautioning that the reports are not a suitable basis for developing an aggregate national effect across all states, they concluded that:
Economic benefits of illegal immigrants.
Consumer demand.
Economic activity produced by illegal immigrant spending employs about 5% of the total US workforce. Illegal immigrants occupy over 3 million dwellings, or just under 4% of the total number of homes in the US. UCLA research indicates immigrants produce $150 billion of economic activity equivalent to spending stimulus every year. The advantages of illegal migration tend mostly to be on the side of the employer. An employer will benefit from the illegal status of a migrant who is desperate for work and therefore prepared to accept poor pay, usually below local norms. Hiring an illegal worker also brings the employer the advantage of paying less in the way of welfare contributions and other non-wage costs.
Nearly every dollar earned by illegal immigrants is spent immediately, and the average wage for US citizens is $10.25/hour with an average of 34 hours per week. This means that approximately 8 million US jobs are dependent upon economic activity produced by illegal immigrant activities within the US.
Taxes contributed.
Most arguments against illegal immigration begin with the premise that the illegal don't pay income taxes, and that they therefore take more in services than they contribute. However, IRS estimates that about 6 million unauthorized immigrants file individual income tax returns each year. Research reviewed by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office indicates that between 30 percent and 50 percent of unauthorized immigrants pay federal, state, and local taxes. Illegal immigrants are estimated to pay in about $7 billion per year into Social Security. In addition, they spend millions of dollars per year, which supports the US economy and helps to create new jobs. The Texas State Comptroller reported in 2006 that the 1.4 million illegal immigrants in Texas alone added almost $18 billion to the state's budget, and paid $1.2 billion in state services they used.
The Social Security and Medicare contributions of illegal immigrants directly support older Americans, as illegal immigrants are not eligible to receive these services.
The Internal Revenue Service issues an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN) regardless of immigration status because both resident and nonresident aliens may have Federal tax return and payment responsibilities under the Internal Revenue Code. Federal tax law prohibits the IRS from sharing data with other government agencies including the INS. In 2006 1.4 million people used ITIN when filing taxes, of which more than half were illegal immigrants.
Social Security subsidization.
Illegal immigrants pay social security payroll taxes but are not eligible for benefits. During 2006, Standard & Poor's analysts wrote: "Each year, for example, the U.S. Social Security Administration maintains roughly $6 billion to $7 billion of Social Security contributions in an "earnings suspense file"—an account for W-2 tax forms that cannot be matched to the correct Social Security number. The vast majority of these numbers are attributable to illegal workers who will never claim their benefits."
The Social Security Administration has stated that it believes unauthorized work by non-citizens is a major cause of wage items being posted as erroneous wage reports instead of on an individual's earnings record. When Social Security numbers are already in use; names do not match the numbers or the numbers are fake, or the person of record is too old, young, dead etc., the earnings reported to the Social Security Agency are put in an Earnings Suspense file . The Social Security spends about $100 million a year and corrects all but about 2% of these. From tax years 1937 through 2003 the ESF had accumulated about 255 million mismatched wage reports, representing $520 billion in wages and about $75 billion in employment taxes paid into the over $1.5 trillion in the Social Security Trust funds. As of October 2005, approximately 8.8 million wage reports, representing $57.8 billion in wages remained unresolved in the suspense file for tax year 2003.
Price levels.
NPR reported in March 2006 that when the wages of lower-skilled workers go down, the rest of America benefits by paying lower prices for things like restaurant meals, agricultural produce and construction. The economic impact of illegal immigration is far smaller than other trends in the economy, such as the increasing use of automation in manufacturing or the growth in global trade. Those two factors have a much bigger impact on wages, prices and the health of the U.S. economy. But economists generally believe that when averaged over the whole economy, the effect is a small net positive. Harvard's George Borjas says the average American's wealth is increased by less than 1 percent because of illegal immigration.
Dr. David Jaeger from Center for American Progress said if all illegal workers were removed from the workforce, a number of industries would face substantial shortages of workers, and Americans would have to be induced into the labor pool or provided incentives to take jobs far below their current education and skill levels. For this phenomenon to occur to a meaningful extent, substantial wage escalation would likely be necessary, thus eroding competitiveness in global markets. Dependence on foreign low skilled and low income labor will increase because the education level of US population has increased. If in 1960, about 50% of men in this country joined the low-skilled labor force without completing high school; the number is now less than 10%.
Economic costs of illegal immigrants.
Ernesto Zedillo, former President of Mexico and current Director of the Yale Center for the Study of Globalization, asserts that illegal immigrants are only a drain on government services when they are incapable of paying taxes; and that this incapacity is the result of restrictive federal policies that require proof of citizenship.
Impact on wages for native low skilled workers.
National Public Radio (NPR) reported in March 2006 that: "...overall, illegal immigrants don't have a big impact on U.S. wage rates. The most respected recent studies show that most Americans would notice little difference in their paychecks if illegal immigrants suddenly disappeared from the United States. That's because most Americans don't directly compete with illegal immigrants for jobs. There is one group of Americans that would benefit from a dramatic cut in illegal immigration: high-school dropouts. Most economists agree that the wages of low-skill high-school dropouts are suppressed by somewhere between 3 percent and 8 percent because of competition from immigrants, both legal and illegal. Economists speculate that for the average high-school dropout, that would mean about a $25 a week raise if there were no job competition from immigrants. Illegal immigrants seem to have very little impact on unemployment rates. Illegal workers certainly do take jobs that would otherwise go to legal workers, but illegal workers also create demand that leads to new jobs. They buy food and cars and cell phones, they get haircuts and go to restaurants. On average, there is close to no net impact on the unemployment rate."
Research by George Borjas found that the influx of immigrants (both legal and illegal) from Mexico and Central America from 1980 to 2000 accounted for a 3.7% wage loss for American workers (4.5% for black Americans and 5% for Hispanic Americans). Borjas found that wage depression was greatest for workers without a high school diploma (a 7.4% reduction) because these workers face the most direct competition with immigrants, legal and illegal. In contrast, a study by Economist Giovanni Peri concluded that between 1990 and 2004, immigrant workers raised the wages of native born workers in general by 4%.
In 2008 Gordon H. Hanson at University of California-San Diego and National Bureau of Economic Research performed study on US economy and illegal immigration trend. From the study was concluded that unauthorized immigrants provide a ready source of manpower in agriculture, construction, food processing, building cleaning and maintenance, and other low-end jobs.
The study was performed to see if illegal immigration affects the native workers employment. Cities with high percentage of illegal immigration were used in this study and data showed that illegal immigrants overall impact on the US economy is small. On the other hand, US employers gain from lower labor costs and the ability to use their land, capital, and technology more productively. Even if this study didn’t show huge impact on US employment by illegal immigrants, other studies show that illegal immigrant cause increase unemployment for US high school drop-offs. In February 2008, for instance, the national unemployment rate was 4.8 percent, but the unemployment rate for adults (over 25 years old) without a high school diploma was 7.3 percent. In addition the unemployment rate for youth 16–19 years old was 16.8 percent and for young adults 20– 24 years old was 8.9 percent in February, 2008. These three main groups are the employees of low paid and low skilled jobs that are usually taken by illegal immigrants.
Since Alabama's new immigration law was signed into law on June 9, 2011, Alabama's unemployment rate fell 1.2 percentage points in three months - September through November. At the same time neighboring state had the same trend. Tennessee and Florida had rate dropped 0.6 percent, Georgia’s unemployment declined 0.4 percent, and in Mississippi unemployment dropped mere tenth of a percent.
Costs of education.
Estimates indicate that about 4% of the school-age population is made up of children who are illegal immigrants. Many require remedial assistance in language skills, which increases costs to the public schools. During April 2006, Standard & Poor's analysts wrote: "Local school districts are estimated to educate 1.8 million illegal children. At an average annual cost of $7,500 (averages vary by jurisdiction) per student, the cost of providing education to these children is about $11.2 billion." Other estimates of the costs to educate illegal children and US-born children of illegal immigrants reached $30 billion in 2009.
Spending for public education of illegal immigrant children in K-12 public education in Minnesota for 2003-2004 was a total of $78.76 million to $118.14 million. Alabama alone spend a quarter billion dollars a year on education and social services for illegal immigrants and their children.
For the same time period, total spending in New Mexico at the state and local levels for illegal immigrant schoolchildren was about $67 million.
Illegal immigrants who have attended school in California for three years are eligible for reduced in-state tuition for public colleges.
Incremental legal expenses.
Jessica M. Vaughan, Director of Policy Studies at Center for Immigration Studies reported in March 2012 that the Obama administration is trying to move away from using detention centers that are currently housing thousands of illegal immigrants each day. These facilities are very costly. The 608-bed Karnes facility cost the private operator, GEO Group, $32 million to build. This works out to $52,632 per bed. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is expected to pay GEO Group about $15 million a year to run the center. Some apprehended near the border especially native Mexicans, stay less than one day in detention while are under quick processing for departure. Their stay in detention is about 12 hours. ICE detention centers in the southwest border areas handle groups of 100 of these illegal entrants twice a day. These quick turn-backs numbered about 75,000 last year, or nearly 20 percent of ICE's total reported removals. Some of these who had to stay more than 12 hours are released under bonds until their court hearing because of lack of space in detention centers. As of 2010 715,000 of these failed to appear for their hearings in court or who have ignored orders to depart. The US spending on enforcement activities is already very high. Center of Immigration Studies reported that in 2007-2008 enforcement resources like spending on border and interior enforcement cost far more than the tax savings they generated from reduced illegal presence in the United States. Because the net impact of illegal immigration.
Health care.
"Reuters" reported that illegal immigrants, as well as legal immigrants in the country less than five years, generally are not eligible for Medicaid. However, they can get Medicaid coverage for health emergencies if they are in a category of people otherwise eligible, such as children, pregnant women, families with dependent children, elderly or disabled individuals, and meet other requirements. The cost of this emergency care was less than 1% of Medicaid costs in North Carolina from 2001–2004 and the majority was for childbirth and related complications. "USA Today" reported that "Illegal immigrants can get emergency care through Medicaid, the federal-state program for the poor and people with disabilities. But they can't get non-emergency care unless they pay. They are ineligible for most other public benefits." In 2006, the Oklahoma Health Care Authority estimated that it would spend about $9.7 million on emergency Medicaid services for unauthorized immigrants and that 80 percent of those costs would be for services associated with childbirth.
Because of the U.S. Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act of 1986 (), most hospitals may not refuse anyone treatment for an emergency medical condition because of citizenship, legal status, or ability to pay. An example of the cost conflict between federal government, state and local government, and private institutions, the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) brings injured and ill illegal immigrants to hospital emergency rooms but does not pay for their medical care. Almost $190 million, or about 25 percent, of the uncompensated costs Southwest border county hospitals incurred resulted from emergency medical treatment provided to illegal immigrants.
At least two research studies have been done which attempt to discover the cost of health care for illegal immigrants by asking the illegal themselves.
Moreover, studies have also shown that not providing undocumented immigrants with a decent healthcare might actually cost the country in the long-run rather than save expenses. In 2000, researchers compared the perinatal outcomes and costs of undocumented women with and without prenatal care and inferred the impact of denial of prenatal benefits to undocumented immigrants in California. Nearly 10% of undocumented women had no prenatal care. These women were nearly 4 times as likely to be delivered of low birth weight infants and more than 7 times as likely to be delivered of premature infants as were undocumented women who had prenatal care. For every dollar cut from prenatal care, an increase of $3.33 in the cost of postnatal care and $4.63 in incremental long-term cost were expected. Elimination of publicly funded prenatal care for undocumented women could save the state $58 million in direct prenatal care costs but could cost taxpayers as much as $194 million more in postnatal care, resulting in a net cost of $136 million initially and $211 million in long-term costs. Although their parents are undocumented immigrants, these children are actually U.S citizens.
Effect on per-capita wealth due to contribution to population growth.
As recognized in a World Bank report, population growth has a deteriorating effect on per-capita wealth. Quantitatively, it introduces "a Malthusian term" in calculations of changes in per-capita wealth with time. Wealth includes public as well as private wealth. A water reservoir, or a highway for automobiles, for example, has a per-capita value that diminishes as the number of people using it increases, unless the reservoir or highway is enlarged (which has costs, including environmental ones that may be hard to measure). As of 2012, net immigration, including both legal and illegal immigration, constitutes more than 25 percent of US population growth.
Cost-benefit analysis.
Professor of Law Francine Lipman writes that the belief that illegal migrants are exploiting the US economy and that they cost more in services than they contribute to the economy is "undeniably false". Lipman asserts that "illegal immigrants actually contribute more to public coffers in taxes than they cost in social services" and "contribute to the U.S. economy through their investments and consumption of goods and services; filling of millions of essential worker positions resulting in subsidiary job creation, increased productivity and lower costs of goods and services; and unrequited contributions to Social Security, Medicare and unemployment insurance programs."
Aviva Chomsky, a professor at Salem State College, states that "Early studies in California and in the Southwest and in the Southeast...have come to the same conclusions. Immigrants, legal and illegal, are more likely to pay taxes than they are to use public services. illegal immigrants aren't eligible for most public services and live in fear of revealing themselves to government authorities. Households headed by illegal immigrants use less than half the amount of federal services that households headed by documented immigrants or citizens make use of."
Editorialist Robert Samuelson points out that poor immigrants strain public services such as local schools and health care. He points out that "from 2000 to 2006, 41 percent of the increase in people without health insurance occurred among Hispanics", although he makes clear that these facts are true of legal as well as illegal immigrants.
According to a 1998 article in "The National Academies Press", "many studies represented not science but advocacy from both sides of the immigration debate...often offered an incomplete accounting of either the full list of taxpayer costs and benefits by ignoring some programs and taxes while including others," and that "the conceptual foundation of this research was rarely explicitly stated, offering opportunities to tilt the research toward the desired result." One survey conducted in the 1980s found that 76 percent of economists felt recent illegal immigration had a positive effect on the economy.
National Public Radio (NPR) wrote in 2006: "Supporters of a crackdown argue that the U.S. economy would benefit if illegal immigrants were to leave, because U.S. employers would be forced to raise wages to attract American workers. Critics of this approach say the loss of illegal immigrants would stall the U.S. economy, saying illegal workers do many jobs few native-born Americans will do."
The Center for Immigration Studies, an organization that advocates Immigration reduction in the United States, reported in 2004: "Households headed by illegal aliens imposed more than $26.3 billion in costs on the federal government in 2002 and paid only $16 billion in taxes, creating a net fiscal deficit of almost $10.4 billion, or $2,700 per illegal household."
The Feb 2011 report "The Fiscal Burden of Illegal Immigration on US Taxpayers" from the Federation for American Immigration Reform "estimates the annual costs of illegal immigration at the federal, state and local level to be about $113 billion; nearly $29 billion at the federal level and $84 billion at the state and local level. The study also estimates tax collections from illegal alien workers, both those in the above-ground economy and those in the underground economy. Those receipts $13 billion do not come close to the level of expenditures..." 
Relative contribution by income tax bracket.
PEW studies on unauthorized immigrants estimates that the average household of 3.1 persons earns about $36,000 per year. This average wage is consistent with about the PEW estimate of 49% of illegal immigrants not having graduated from any kind of high school.
The Congressional Budget office (CBO) estimates that people in this salary bracket (the second quintile) pay about 6.8% of their income in Federal taxes. The average household in the bottom quintile received $29,015 in benefits and paid $4,251 in Federal, state and local taxes. In the second quintile the average household received $24,709 in benefits and paid $9,524 in Federal, state and local taxes. In the top quintile, the average household received $21,515 in benefits and services and paid $69,704 in Federal, state and local taxes.
The market for illegal labor.
Theoretical frameworks.
Labor is a key economic factor of production. There are many lenses through which one can view the mobility of factors of production, such as labor, across borders as part of international trade. These models are not very useful for examining illegal immigration because they tend to either disallow international labor mobility or assume perfect labor mobility, when neither is true in reality.
The minimum wage in the U.S. also plays a role from a theoretical perspective, with people arguing on both sides that the minimum wage is linked to immigration. This effect is generally explained in terms of reduced labor market experience, lower job-related skills, or just outright employer discrimination. Some argue that were the minimum wage higher, more U.S. natives would be willing to take the riskier jobs that are held by many immigrants. Others believe that because the U.S. has a minimum wage an illegal market for jobs is created for work that pays below the minimum wage, which fuels migration to the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="31186306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186306" title="Tom DeSylvia">
Tom DeSylvia

Tom DeSylvia (1924 – December 6, 2002) was a high school and college football head coach at various high schools in Portland, Oregon and for one season at Portland State. DeSylvia played at the guard position at Oregon State between 1946–1949.
Playing career.
DeSylvia played at the guard position at Oregon State between 1946–1949. During his tenure at Oregon State, DeSylvia competed in the 1948 East–West Shrine Game, served as team captain in 1949 and was selected to the Oregon State University Sports Hall of Fame in 1994 for his accomplishments. DeSylvia was drafted in the 24th round of the 1950 NFL Draft by the Philadelphia Eagles, but was released the following August before ever competing in a regular-season game.
Coaching career.
High school.
After leaving professional football, DeSylvia began his coaching career. He was noted for his time as head coach of Jefferson High School in Portland between 1953–1961. During that span, Jefferson won OSAA Championships in 1957 and 1958 and OSAA runner-up in 1959. In addition to the championships, DeSylvia led Jefferson to an Oregon large-school record of 34 consecutive victories between 1957–59, in addition to coaching future Heisman Trophy winner Terry Baker and NFL Hall of Fame member Mel Renfro. 
Following a one year stint as head coach at Portland State, DeSylvia returned to the high school ranks to lead both David Douglas High School and Grant High School prior to his retirement. For his impact on sport in Oregon, he was elected to the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31186317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186317" title="Hope Brook Aerodrome">
Hope Brook Aerodrome

Hope Brook Airport was an aerodrome located east of Grand Bruit, at the Hope Brook Gold Mine, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31186329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186329" title="Wilf Martin">
Wilf Martin

Wilfred "Wilf" Martin (born January 25, 1942) is a former ice hockey player and coach. He played at the center position for the Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team from 1963 to 1965, including the 1963–1964 NCAA national championship team. He also served briefly as the head coach of the Michigan hockey team in 1980 before resigning for health reasons. 
Martin was born in St. Paul, Alberta, and raised in Mallaig, Alberta. He played junior hockey for the Regina Pats of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League during the 1960–1961 and 1961–1962 seasons.
He subsequently attended the University of Michigan where he played on the Michigan Wolverines ice hockey team during the 1963–1964 and 1964–1965 seasons. During the Wolverines national championship season of 1963–1964, Martin scored 34 goals and totaled 24 assists and 58 points. During the Wolverines run for the national championship in 1964, Martin scored two goals to lead the team to a 4–3 playoff victory over Michigan Tech. He was the captain of the 1964–1965 team. In two seasons of college hockey at Michigan, Martin scored 54 goals and 37 assists.
During the 1965–1966 season, Martin played for the University of Alberta Golden Bears and won the scoring championship of the Western Canada Intercollegiate Athletic Association Hockey League. Martin scored 19 goals and 18 assists and broke WCIAA records for goals and points.
Martin played six years of professional hockey for the Muskegon Mohawks (1966–1967), Cleveland Barons (1967–1968), Denver Spurs (1968–1971), Providence Reds (1971–1972) and Salt Lake Golden Eagles (1971–1972). In his first two seasons at Denver, Martin scored 70 goals and tallied 74 assists and 144 points. Despite missing the first 10 games of the 1968–1969 season Martin was Denver's leading scorer with 67 points on 30 assists and 37 goals. When he retired, Martin held Denver's single-season and career records for goals, assists and points.
In 1972, Martin enrolled as a graduate student at Colorado State University. He also served as player-coach for the Colorado State hockey team during the 1972–1973 season. The 31-year-old graduate student led the Colorado State Rams to an 11–0–1 record in the regular season. 
In the late 1970s, Martin was the rink manager at the University of Colorado.
In March 1980, after Dan Farrell resigned as the head coach of Michigan's hockey team, Martin was hired to replace him. After coaching the first two games of the 1980–1981 season, Martin stepped down for health reasons. He announced his resignation in late November 1980, eight months after being hired. At the time of his resignation, Martin said, "I've been having some health problems and have been away from the team for quite a while. I felt that in all fairness to the
team and the program that I should resign." Athletic director said at the time that Martin would remain with the athletic department in
a position to be determined.
Martin remained an employee of the University of Michigan athletic department. He retired in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31186331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186331" title="1961 Diamond D Championship">
1961 Diamond D Championship

The 1961 Dominion Diamond "D" Championship was the very first Canadian women's curling championship. It was held at the Ottawa Hunt and Golf Club February 27 to March 3. The format was a round robin, and a playoff was held to determine 2nd place due to a three-way tie. Joyce McKee and her rink from Saskatoon, who were the unofficial national ladies' champion from 1960, won her first of five national championships, by posting an undefeated 9-0 record.
Games were 10 ends in length, except for the playoff (tie breaker) games, which were 12 ends. 
Scores.
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9

</doc>
<doc id="31186339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186339" title="The Hunger Games (film)">
The Hunger Games (film)

The Hunger Games is a 2012 American science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins. The picture is the first installment in "The Hunger Games" film series and was produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik, with a screenplay by Ross, Collins and Billy Ray. The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks, Lenny Kravitz, Stanley Tucci and Donald Sutherland. The story takes place in a dystopian post-apocalyptic future in the nation of Panem, where boys and girls between the ages of 12 and 18 must take part in the Hunger Games, a televised annual event in which the "tributes" are required to fight to the death until there is one remaining who will be crowned the victor. Katniss Everdeen (Lawrence) volunteers to take her younger sister's place in the games. Joined by her district's male tribute Peeta Mellark (Hutcherson), Katniss travels to the Capitol to train for the Hunger Games under the guidance of former victor Haymitch Abernathy (Harrelson).
Development of "The Hunger Games" began in March 2009 when Lions Gate Entertainment entered into a co-production agreement with Color Force, which had acquired the rights a few weeks earlier. Collins collaborated with Ray and Ross to write the screenplay. The screenplay expanded the character of Seneca Crane to allow several developments to be shown directly to the audience and Ross added several scenes between Crane and Coriolanus Snow. The main characters were cast between March and May 2011. Principal photography began in May 2011 and ended in September 2011, and filming took place in North Carolina. "The Hunger Games" was shot entirely on film as opposed to digital.
The film was released on March 21, 2012, in France and in the US on March 23, 2012, in both conventional theaters and digital IMAX theaters. Japan received it last, on September 28. When the film released, it set records for opening day ($67.3 million) and opening weekend for a non-sequel. At the time of its release, the film's opening weekend gross ($152.5 million) was the third-largest of any movie in North America. It is the first film since "Avatar" to remain in first place at the North American box office for four consecutive weekends. The film was a massive box-office success by grossing over $691 million worldwide against its budget of $78 million, making it the third-highest-grossing film in the United States and ninth-highest-grossing worldwide of 2012. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on August 18, 2012. With 7,434,058 units sold, the DVD was the best-selling DVD of 2012.
"The Hunger Games" received positive reviews from critics, with praise for its themes and messages, as well as Jennifer Lawrence's portrayal of Katniss. Like the novel, the film has attracted criticism for its similarities to other works, such as the Japanese novel "Battle Royale" and its film adaptation, and the Shirley Jackson short story "The Lottery". Collins' novel and screenplay drew on sources of inspiration such as the myth of Theseus, Roman gladiatorial games, reality television, and the desensitization of viewers to media coverage of real-life tragedy and war, not to think as just an audience member, "Because those are real people on the screen, and they’re not going away when the commercials start to roll." The song "Safe & Sound" won a Grammy Award and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song. For her performance, Lawrence won the Saturn Award for Best Actress, the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress in an Action Movie, the Empire Award for Best Actress and was also nominated for the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress. A sequel, "", was released on November 22, 2013 in the United States.
Plot.
The nation of Panem consists of a wealthy Capitol ruling twelve poorer districts. As punishment for a past rebellion and as a way to demoralize the districts to quell social uprising, each district must provide two "tributes" - one boy and one girl between the ages of 12 and 18 selected by lottery (the "Reaping") - every year to compete in the televised Hunger Games; they must fight to the death in a vast arena, with the sole survivor rewarded with fame and wealth.
In District 12, Katniss Everdeen volunteers to be the female Tribute when her younger sister Primrose is initially drawn. She and the male Tribute Peeta Mellark, a boy her age from the same village, are escorted to the Capital by chaperone Effie Trinket and their mentor Haymitch Abernathy, a past District 12 victor and severe alcoholic. Haymitch impresses on them the importance of gaining sponsors as they can provide gifts of food and supplies during the Games. During part of a series of interviews, Peeta publicly expresses his love for Katniss, which she initially takes as trying to earn sponsors' favor, but later learns his love is earnest. While training, Katniss observes the Career Tributes Marvel, Glimmer, Cato and Clove, from Districts 1 and 2, who have been illegally training for the Games since a young age.
At the start of the games, Katniss ignores Haymitch's advice and tries to acquire supplies from the Cornucopia, the central point of the arena, and narrowly avoids being killed; nearly half the Tributes are killed in the initial melee. Katniss tries to stay as far away from the other competitors but the gamemaster Seneca Crane directs his agents to trigger events on the field to force her back towards the others. She runs into the Careers, with whom Peeta has allied, and escapes up a tree, where she finds Rue, District 11's female Tribute, hiding. The two work together to knock a nest of poisonous tracker jackers onto the Careers, killing Glimmer and forcing the others to flee. Rue helps Katniss tend to her wounds, becoming friends, and they work a plan to secretly destroy a cache of supplies the Careers have been hoarding, causing the Careers to distrust each other. Marvel discovers them and kills Rue before Katniss can help her. Katniss shoots and kills Marvel with an arrow, then mourns for Rue's loss, making sure her moment of sorrow is captured on the broadcast. The people of District 11, taken by Katniss' action, start a riot. President Snow warns Crane that this turn of events does not bode well for the Games.
When Crane returns, Haymitch suggests that he alter the game rules to allow two winners to make things interesting. When this change is announced, with the stipulation that the winners have to be from the same district, Katniss searches for Peeta, finding him wounded after fleeing from the Careers. After moving him to safety, Katniss leaves to get medicine from the Cornucopia, where Clove attempts to kill her. Katniss is saved when Thresh, District 11's other tribute, arrives and kills Clove, believing she had killed Rue, sparing Katniss's life out of respect for the kindness she showed Rue. Katniss returns with the medicine and prepares Peeta for the final hours of the game. Crane sends out wild beasts that kill Thresh, leaving only Cato, Katniss, and Peeta alive. Katniss and Peeta make it to Cornucopia where Cato is waiting and threatens to kill them both as the wild animals approach. Katniss gets the upper hand, and Cato falls to the ground and is eaten by the beasts.
Morning arrives, and Katniss and Peeta are still alive. They think they are the victors, but Crane shuts the district rule down, only allowing one victor. Katniss then convinces Peeta to enact a double suicide with her by ingesting nightlock, which she had obtained in the woods. When the two are about to take the poison, Crane changes his mind again, because he sees that their double suicide will ruin the Games by eliminating anyone from becoming Victor. They are both crowned victors of the 74th Hunger Games. Haymitch warns Katniss she has made great enemies with her act of defiance. Snow condemns Crane to his death for being manipulated by Katniss and Peeta. In the end of the film, Snow is shown walking up a stairway, perhaps pondering his next course of action.
Production.
In March 2009, Lions Gate Entertainment entered into a co-production agreement for "The Hunger Games" with Nina Jacobson's production company Color Force, which had acquired worldwide distribution rights to the novel a few weeks earlier, reportedly for $200,000. Alli Shearmur and Jim Miller, President and Senior Vice President of Motion Picture Production at Lionsgate, took charge of overseeing the production of the film, which they described as "an incredible property... a thrill to bring home to Lionsgate". The studio, which had not made a profit for five years, raided the budgets of other productions and sold assets to secure a budget of $88,000,000—one of its largest ever—for the film. Collins' agent Jason Dravis remarked that "they had everyone but the valet call us" to help secure the franchise. Lionsgate subsequently acquired tax breaks of $8 million for shooting the film in North Carolina. The production was eventually brought in under-budget at $78 million.
Collins adapted the novel for film herself, in collaboration with screenwriter Billy Ray and director Gary Ross. The screenplay remains extremely faithful to the original novel, with Ross saying he "felt the only way to make the film really successful was to be totally subjective", echoing Collins' presentation of the novel in the first person present. Instead of Katniss' internal monologue about the Capitol's machinations, the screenplay expanded the character of Seneca Crane, the Head Gamemaker, to allow several developments to be shown directly to the audience. Ross explained, "In the book, Katniss speculates about the game-makers manipulations... in the film, we can't get inside Katniss’s head, but we do have the ability to cut away and actually show the machinations of the Capitol behind the scenes. I created the game center and also expanded the role of Seneca Crane for those reasons. I thought it was tonally important." Ross also added several scenes between Crane and Coriolanus Snow, the elderly President of Panem, noting that "I thought that it was very interesting that there would be one generation Panem citizens who knew that Games were actually an instrument of political control, and there would be a successive generation who was so enamoured with the ratings and the showbiz and the sensations and the spectacle that was subsuming the actual political intention, and that's really where the tension is".
The Gamemakers' control center, about which Katniss can only speculate in the novel, was also developed as a location, helping to remind the audience of the artificial nature of the arena. Ross commented that, "so much of the film happens in the woods that it's easy to forget this is a futuristic society, manipulating these events for the sake of an audience. The look of the control center, the antiseptic feeling of it and the use of holograms were all intended to make the arena feel 'constructed' even when you weren't seeing the control room." Ross and visual effects supervisor Sheena Duggal were keen to use the omniscient view that the setting provided to justify the literal dei ex machina Katniss experiences in the arena; Duggal explained that "we really didn't want to have to explain things... how do you get compelled by these that just appear at the end of the movie? We wanted to find a way to introduce them without having to explain specifically and exactly what they were and the game room was a really great opportunity for us to be able to do that."
Casting.
Lionsgate confirmed in March 2011 that about 30 actresses auditioned or read for the role of Katniss Everdeen, including Hailee Steinfeld, Abigail Breslin, Emma Roberts, Saoirse Ronan, Chloë Grace Moretz, Jodelle Ferland, Lyndsy Fonseca, Emily Browning, Shailene Woodley, and Kaya Scodelario. On March 16, 2011, it was announced that Jennifer Lawrence had landed the coveted role. Ross described Lawrence as having "an incredible amount of self-assuredness, you got the sense that this girl knew exactly who she was. And then she came in and read for me and just knocked me out; I'd never seen an audition like that before in my life. It was one of those things where you just glimpse your whole movie in front of you."
Though Lawrence was 20 when filming began, four years older than the character, Collins said that the role demanded "a certain maturity and power" and said she would rather the actress be older than younger. She added that Lawrence was the "only one who truly captured the character I wrote in the book" and that she had "every essential quality necessary to play Katniss". Lawrence, a fan of the books, took three days to accept the role, initially intimidated by the size of the production.
Jeremy Irvine was originally offered the role of Peeta Mellark but he turned it down for "Now Is Good". Contenders for the role of Peeta other than Hutcherson included Alexander Ludwig (who was later cast as Cato), Hunter Parrish, Lucas Till, and Evan Peters. Other actors considered for the role of Gale included David Henrie, Drew Roy, and Robbie Amell. In April 2011, John C. Reilly was in talks with Lions Gate Entertainment to portray Haymitch Abernathy. The following month Lionsgate announced that the role had gone to Oscar nominee Woody Harrelson. The casting of Lenny Kravitz as Cinna, Stanley Tucci as Caesar Flickerman, and Toby Jones as Claudius Templesmith, soon followed. Multiple-Golden Globe award winner Donald Sutherland was cast as President Coriolanus Snow in late May 2011.
Filming.
Gary Ross became director in November 2010. Fireman's Fund Insurance Company insured the production, but as part of the underwriting process insisted on a thorough risk analysis of hazards as diverse as wayward arrows, poison ivy, bears, bugs, and a chase across fast-running water.
Lawrence dyed her blonde hair dark for the part of Katniss. She also underwent extensive training to get in shape for the role, including archery, rock and tree climbing, combat, running, parkour, and yoga, and had an accident on the last day of her six week training phase, in which she hit a wall while running at full speed, but was not seriously injured. Other stars who dyed their hair for the movie include Josh Hutcherson as Peeta, and Liam Hemsworth as Gale. Lionsgate hired archer (and Olympic bronze medalist) Khatuna Lorig to teach Lawrence how to shoot.
With an initial budget of $75 million, principal photography began near Brevard in Transylvania County in Western North Carolina in May 2011 and concluded on September 15, 2011, with a final budget reported as between $90 and $100 million, reduced to $78 million after subsidies. Steven Soderbergh served as a second unit director, and filmed much of the District 11 riot scene. The movie was shot on film as opposed to digital due (in part) to the tightness of the schedule; as Ross said in an interview with "The New York Times", "I didn't want to run the risk of the technical issues that often come with shooting digitally—we simply couldn't afford any delays."
Virtually all production photography took place in North Carolina, with Lionsgate receiving tax credits of around $8 million from the state government to do so. Forbes magazine estimated that the state economy gained up to $60 million from the production, with over 5,000 people employed as extras, crew and support staff. Most outdoor scenes, both from the arena and from the outskirts of District 12, were filmed in DuPont State Forest; the Little River, with its multiple waterfalls, provided several locations for shooting the river running through the arena. The production team built a walkway across the top of Triple Falls for Lawrence to run over the rapids during Katniss' pursuit by the Career tributes.
Many of the urban and interior locations, in the Capitol and elsewhere, were filmed in Shelby and Charlotte; other scenes also took place and was filmed in the Asheville area. Ross and production designer Phil Messina drew on the buildings of the 1939 New York World's Fair and symbols of political power including Tiananmen Square and Red Square, when designing the Capitol architecture, which they wanted "to be set in the future but have a sense of its own past... it's festive and alluring and indulgent and decadent but it also has to have the kind of might and power behind it". For Katniss' neighborhood in District 12, the production team found Henry River Mill Village, an abandoned mill town which Ross said "just worked perfectly for the movie to evoke the scene"; Messina explained that "originally we talked about maybe building one house and the facade of the house next door and redressing it, and maybe doing some CG extensions... we ended up finding a whole abandoned mill town... it was absolutely perfect".
Music.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack album for "The Hunger Games" contains songs inspired by the film; only three of them ("Abraham's Daughter", "Safe & Sound", and "Kingdom Come", respectively) appear in the film itself, during the closing credits. The first single from the film's companion album, "Safe & Sound" by Taylor Swift featuring The Civil Wars, was released on December 23, 2011. It reached number one on the iTunes overall charts in 12 hours. The music video for "Safe & Sound" was released on February 13, 2012. Along with separate songs from Swift and The Civil Wars, the soundtrack also features songs by The Decemberists, Arcade Fire, The Secret Sisters, Miranda Lambert featuring The Pistol Annies, Neko Case, Kid Cudi Academy Award winner Glen Hansard, The Low Anthem, Punch Brothers, Birdy, Maroon 5, Jayme Dee, and Carolina Chocolate Drops. The soundtrack was released on March 20, 2012. The soundtrack track list was revealed on iTunes on February 13, 2012, and on the 14th "One Engine" was released as the second single. Jennifer Lawrence singing "Rue's Lullaby" was not included on the soundtrack. The album debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Top 200 chart, having sold 175,000 copies in its first week. It was the first since "Michael Jackson's This Is It" to debut at #1. It is one of just 16 soundtracks to grace the top slot in the history of the Top 200.
Score.
Lionsgate originally announced that Danny Elfman and T-Bone Burnett would score "The Hunger Games", with Burnett also acting as the film's executive music producer to produce songs for the soundtrack. Due to scheduling conflicts, Elfman was replaced by James Newton Howard. The score album was released on March 26, 2012.
Arcade Fire also contributed to the movie's original score. The group composed the grand, fascistic-inspired, ominous Panem national anthem, entitled "Horn of Plenty", an important and signature leitmotif appearing throughout the film. "We were interested in making music that would be more integral in the movie, just as a mental exercise," Butler, who co-wrote the song with Chassagne, explained. "And there's an anthem that runs throughout the books, the national anthem of the fascist Capitol. So as a thought experiment, we tried to write what that might sound like. It's like the Capitol's idea of itself, basically." He further added that "it's not a pop song or anything. More of an anthem that could be playing at a big sporting event like the Games. So we did a structure for that, and then James Newton Howard made a movie-score version of it that happens in several places in the film." Arcade Fire's Panem national anthem has received strong reviews. According to "Spin", "'Horn of Plenty' pulls off the neat feat of sounding both exactly like Arcade Fire and exactly like a futuristic anthem. It still has one foot in the band's uncorrupted neighborhoods, but another is up on the podium at the end of "Star Wars" accepting an Olympic gold medal or something. Horns blare, a choir booms, strings swell, the martial percussion steals the show, and we just realized how much we love Big Brother."
The film also featured a rather obscure analog track from the 1970s composed by Laurie Spiegel for its "cornucopia scene", as well as music by Steve Reich, Ólafur Arnalds, and the Hypnotic Brass Ensemble. These do not appear on the soundtrack or score releases.
The album reached a peak of 71st on the Canadian Albums Chart.
Reception.
Critical response.
"The Hunger Games" received positive reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film holds an 84% approval rating, based on 275 reviews, and a rating average of 7.2 out of 10. The site's consensus states "thrilling and superbly acted, "The Hunger Games" captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of its source novel". On Metacritic, the film has a 67 out of 100, indicating "generally favorable reviews", based on reviews from 44 critics. Many critics praised Jennifer Lawrence for her portrayal as Katniss Everdeen, as well as most of the main cast. According to "The Hollywood Reporter", Lawrence embodies Katniss, "just as one might imagine her from the novel". "Empire" magazine said "Lawrence is perfect as Katniss, there's very little softness about her, more a melancholy determination that good must be done even if that requires bad things." Several critics have reviewed the film favorably compared with other young-adult fiction adaptations such as "Harry Potter" and "Twilight". Justin Craig of Fox News rated the film as "xcellent" and stated: "Move over Harry Potter. A darker, more mature franchise has come to claim your throne." Rafer Guzman of "Newsday" referred to "The Hunger Games" as being "darker than '"Harry Potter",' more sophisticated than '"Twilight"'." David Sexton of "The Evening Standard" stated that "The Hunger Games" "is well cast and pretty well acted, certainly when compared with "Harry Potter"s juvenile leads".
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film three stars out of four, praising the movie as "effective entertainment" and Lawrence's performance. Despite being a largely positive review, he criticized the film for being too long and noted that the film misses opportunities for social criticism. Simon Reynolds of Digital Spy gave the film four stars out of five, calling it "enthralling from beginning to end, science fiction that has depth and intelligence to match its pulse-racing entertainment value". Reynolds also spoke highly of Lawrence's performance and director Gary Ross, whose "rough and ready handheld camerawork" meant that viewers were "with Katniss for every blood-flecked moment of her ordeal in the combat arena". However, film critic David Thomson of the magazine "The New Republic" called it a "terrible movie", criticizing it for a lack of character development and unclear presentation of the violence, describing the latter as "un-American".
Eric Goldman of IGN awarded the film four out of five stars, stating that director Gary Ross "gets the tone of The Hunger Games right. This is a grounded, thoughtful and sometimes quite emotional film, with its dark scenario given due weight. Ross doesn't give the film a glossy, romanticized 'Hollywood' feel, but rather plays everything very realistically and stark, as Katniss must endure these outrageous and horrible scenarios." The film received some criticism for its shaky camera style, but it was said to "add to the film in certain ways". The violence drew commentary as well. "Time" critic Mary Pols considered that the film was too violent for young children, even though the violence had been toned down compared with the novel, while critic Théoden Janes of the Charlotte Observer found that "[...] the violence is so bland it dilutes the message". Also writing in "Time", psychologist Christopher J. Ferguson argued that parents' fears of the effect of the film's violent content on their children were unnecessary, and that children are capable of viewing violent content without being psychologically harmed.
On February 22, 2012, "The Hunger Games" broke the record for first-day advance ticket sales on Fandango, topping the previous record of '. The sales were reported to be 83 percent of the site's totals for the day. According to first tracking, unaided awareness for "The Hunger Games" was 11%, definite interest was 54%, first choice was 23% and total awareness was 74%. In the week leading up to its release, the film sold-out over 4,300 showings via Fandango and MovieTickets.com On Fandango alone it ranks as the third-highest advance ticket seller ever behind ' and "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2". Finally, according to Fandango it broke the site's single-day sales record (March 23), the mobile sales record for a weekend (March 23–25, 2012) and the site's highest share of a film's opening weekend (Fandango sold 22% of the film's opening weekend tickets).
Box office.
"The Hunger Games" earned $408,010,692 in North America, and $283,237,076 in other countries, for a worldwide total of $691,247,768. It made the largest worldwide opening weekend for a film "not" released during the summer or the holiday period, earning $211.8 million, which was just ahead of "Alice in Wonderland" previous record ($210.1 million).
In North America, "The Hunger Games" is the 14th-highest-grossing film, the highest-grossing film released outside the summer or holiday period, and the highest-grossing film distributed by Lionsgate. The film set a midnight-gross record for a non-sequel ($19.7 million), which is also the tenth-highest midnight gross overall. On its opening day, it topped the box office $67.3 million (including midnight showings), setting opening-day and single-day records for a non-sequel. The film also achieved the tenth-highest opening-day and eleventh-highest single-day grosses of all time. On its opening weekend, the movie retained the No. 1 spot and grossed $152.5 million, breaking "Alice in Wonderland"s opening-weekend records for a film released in March, for any spring release, and for a non-sequel. Its opening weekend gross is also the largest for any film released outside the summer season and the eighth-largest overall. It remained in first place at the North American box office for four consecutive weekends, becoming the first film since "Avatar" to achieve this. On June 10, 2012 (its 80th day in theaters), it became the 14th movie to pass the $400-million-mark. On April 20, 2012, Lionsgate and IMAX Corporation announced that due to "overwhelming demand", "The Hunger Games" would return to North American IMAX cinemas on April 27 for a further one-week engagement.
Outside North America, the film was released in most countries during March and April 2012, with the exception of China, where it was released in June 2012. On its first weekend (March 23–25, 2012), the film topped the box office outside North America with $59.25 million from 67 markets, finishing at first place in most of them. The largest opening weekends were recorded in China ($9.6 million), Australia ($9.48 million), and the UK, Ireland and Malta ($7.78 million). In total earnings, its highest-grossing markets after North America are the UK ($37.3 million), Australia ($31.1 million) and China ($27.0 million).
Themes.
Interpretations of the film's themes and messages have been widely discussed among critics and general commentators. In his review for "The Washington Times", Peter Suderman expressed that "aybe it's a liberal story about inequality and the class divide. Maybe it's a libertarian epic about the evils of authoritarian government. Maybe it's a feminist revision on the sci-fi action blockbuster. Maybe it's a bloody satire of reality television", but concludes the film only proposes these theories and brings none of them to a reasonable conclusion.
Reviewers and critics have differing views on whether the film represents feminist issues. Historically, among the "top 200 worldwide box-office hits ever ($350 million and up), not one has been built around a female action star". Manohla Dargis sees Katniss Everdeen as a female hero following in the lineage of "archetypal figures in the literature of the American West" such as Natty Bumppo, as well as characters portrayed by American actors such as John Wayne and Clint Eastwood. Katniss is also seen as defying normative gender roles: she exhibits both "masculine" and "feminine" traits equally. Dargis also notes that Katniss is a female character with significant agency: "Katniss is a fantasy figure, but partly what makes her powerful—and, I suspect, what makes her so important to a lot of girls and women—is that she's one of the truest feeling, most complex female characters to hit American movies in a while. She isn't passive, she isn't weak, and she isn't some random girl. She's active, she's strong and she's the girl who motivates the story." Similarly, Shelley Bridgeman of "The New Zealand Herald" wrote that because the characteristics of "athleticism, strength, courageousness and prowess at hunting" are not given to a male protagonist, but to Katniss, her character is an abrupt departure from the stereotypical depiction of women as being innately passive or helpless. Mahvesh Murad of "The Express Tribune" said that the film's triumph is "a young female protagonist with agency", comparing her with Joss Whedon's Buffy Summers.
The film has drawn varying interpretations for its political overtones, including arguments in favor of left-wing, right-wing, and libertarian viewpoints. Bob Burnett of "The Huffington Post" observed the film displays a general distrust of government, regardless of the audience's political party affiliation. Steven Zeitchik and Emily Rome, in the "Dallas Morning News", also stated that some viewers formed an opinion about "The Hunger Games" as a parable of the Occupy Wall Street activity. "The Huffington Post" reported that Penn Badgley, a supporter of Occupy Wall Street, saw the film as a social commentary on the movement. Burnett also states that "Collins doesn't use the terms 1 percent and 99 percent, but it's clear that those in the Capitol are members of the 1 percent and everyone in the Panem districts is part of the 99 percent".
Steven Zeitchik and Emily Rome, in the "Los Angeles Times" and the "Dallas Morning News" reported that, among other disparate interpretations, some viewers saw "The Hunger Games" as a Christian allegory. Jeffrey Weiss of Real Clear Religion, published in the "Star Tribune" has remarked on what he saw as the intentional absence of religion in "The Hunger Games" universe, and has commented that while the stories contain no actual religion, people are "find aspects that represent their own religious values" within it.
Donald Brake from "The Washington Times", as well as pastors Andy Langford and Ann G. L. Duncan, wrote that the film has Christian themes, such as that of self-sacrifice, which is found in Katniss' substitution for her younger sister, analogous to the sacrifice of Jesus as a substitute for the atonement of sins. Brake, as well as another reviewer, Amy Simpson, both find that the film also revolves around the theme of hope, which is exemplified in the "incorruptible goodness of Katniss' sister, Primrose". She also describes that Peeta Mellark is "a Christ figure" in the film. Similar to the events in the passion, death, and resurrection of Jesus, in the Games, Peeta is stabbed and left for dead after saving Katniss' life—taking the wound that was initially meant for her—and is then buried in the ground and placed in a cave for three days before emerging with a new lease on life. Moreover, the Christian image of the Bread of Life is used throughout "The Hunger Games"; in the film, Peeta shows up "bearing a warm loaf of bread", and Katniss slowly comes "back to life". A news video starring Jonathan Morris aired on Fox News discussed the religious themes in the film further. One reviewer, Fr. Robert Barron, interpreted the film as "disturbingly prophetic" that "the instinct for human sacrifice is never far from the surface...as we in the West enter increasingly into a secular, post-Christian cultural space." In addition, many pastors have written Bible studies discussing the Christian allegories in the film.
Precedents in film and literature.
Charles McGrath, writing for "The New York Times", said that the film will remind viewers of the television series "Survivor", a little of "The Bachelorette", and of the short story "The Lottery" by Shirley Jackson published in 1948 by "The New Yorker". David Sexton of "The Evening Standard" compared "The Hunger Games" unfavourably to Kinji Fukasaku's Japanese film "Battle Royale", as did several other critics; the novel had earlier faced criticism for its similarities to the novel "Battle Royale" by Koushun Takami. Jonathan Looms of "The Oxford Student" argues that it is "unfair that the film is only drawing comparisons with "Battle Royale"" but that it "is a veritable pastiche of other movies" as well, comparing it to "The Truman Show", "Death Race", the "Bourne" films, and "Zoolander", and that it is common for artists to borrow from and "improve on many sources. Quentin Tarantino has built his career on this principle." It reminded an author at "Salon" of the 1932 film "The Most Dangerous Game".
Wheeler Winston Dixon, a film professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, listed several precedents: "Battle Royale", Jackson's "The Lottery", William Golding's "Lord of the Flies", "Metropolis", "Blade Runner", "Death Race 2000", and George Orwell's "Nineteen Eighty-Four". Manohla Dargis in "The New York Times" compares it to "Battle Royale", "Ender's Game", and "Twilight", but contrasts "The Hunger Games" in terms of how its "exciting" female protagonist Katniss "rescues herself with resourcefulness, guts and true aim". Steve Rose of "The Guardian" refers to the film as "think "Battle Royale" meets "The Running Man" meets "Survivor". Writing in "The Atlantic", Govindini Murty made a list of touchstones the film alludes to, from the ancient Greek, Roman and Egyptian civilizations to modern references such as the Great Depression, the Vietnam and Iraq Wars, and reality television. For her part, author Collins cites the myth of Theseus, reality television and coverage of the Iraq War as her inspiration.
Controversies.
During the film's opening weekend, controversial statements about various members of the cast arose, sparking open dialogue about issues of racism, sexism and unrealistic body image. In a Jezebel article published March 26, 2012, Dodai Stewart reported that several users on Twitter posted racist tweets, criticizing the portrayals of Rue, Thresh and Cinna by African American actors. In a 2011 interview with "Entertainment Weekly", Collins stated that while she did not have any ethnic background in mind for lead characters Katniss and Gale because the book is written in "a time period where hundreds of years have passed" and there would be "a lot of ethnic mixing", she explains "there are some characters in the book who are more specifically described", and states that both Rue and Thresh are African American. Lyneka Little of "The Wall Street Journal" states that although it is easy to find bigoted or offensive postings online, "the racist 'Hunger Games' tweets, because they are so shockingly ignorant even by the standards of the fringes of the internet, have kicked up a storm". Fahima Haque of "The Washington Post", Bim Adewunmi of "The Guardian", and Christopher Rosen of "The Huffington Post" all reiterate the fact that Rue and Thresh are described in "The Hunger Games" as having dark brown skin, as well as Collins' assertion that they were intended to be depicted as African Americans. Adewunmi remarked that "it comes to this: if the casting of Rue, Thresh and Cinna has left you bewildered and upset, consider two things. One: you may be a racist—congrats! Two: you definitely lack basic reading comprehension. Mazel tov!"
Erik Kain of "Forbes" saw the controversy as a way to appreciate the value of free speech. He states that while society may never be free of racism, "racist comments made on Facebook and Twitter quickly become public record. Aggregations of these comments, like the Jezebel piece, expose people for what they are. Sure, many hide under the cloak of anonymity, but many others cannot or choose not to. And as the internet becomes more civilized and its denizens more accountable, this sort of thing carries more and more weight." Amandla Stenberg responded to the controversy with the following statement: "As a fan of the books, I feel fortunate to be part of The Hunger Games family... It was an amazing experience; I am proud of the film and my performance. I want to thank all of my fans and the entire Hunger Games community for their support and loyalty." Dayo Okeniyi was quoted saying "I think this is a lesson for people to think before they tweet" and "It's sad... We could now see where society is today. But I try not to think about stuff like that."
A number of critics expressed disappointment in Lawrence's casting as Katniss because her weight was not representative of a character who has suffered a life of starvation. Manohla Dargis, in her review of the film for "The New York Times" stated " few years ago Ms. Lawrence might have looked hungry enough to play Katniss, but now, at 21, her seductive, womanly figure makes a bad fit for a dystopian fantasy about a people starved into submission". Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" said that in certain scenes, Lawrence displays "lingering baby fat". These remarks have been rebuked by a number of journalists for pushing unrealistic body image expectations for women.
L.V. Anderson of "Slate" states that "as living in a world with abundant calories does not automatically make everyone fat, living in a dystopian world like Panem with sporadic food access would not automatically make everyone skinny. Some bodies, I daresay, would be even bigger than Lawrence's." Since none of Lawrence's male co-stars have come under the same scrutiny, Anderson concludes complaints about Lawrence's weight are inherently sexist. MTV asked for responses from audiences on the controversy and reported that most found criticism of Lawrence's weight "misguided". One response pointed to Collins' physical description of Katniss in "The Hunger Games" novel which reads "I stand straight, and while I'm thin, I'm strong. The meat and plants from the woods combined with the exertion it took to get them have given me a healthier body than most of those I see around me." "Los Angeles Times" writer Alexandra Le Tellier commented that "[the sexist commentary along with the racist barbs made by so-called fans are as stomach-churning as the film's cultural commentary, which, in part, shines a light on the court of public opinion and its sometimes destructive power to determine someone else's fate".
Screening of "The Hunger Games" has been delayed indefinitely in Vietnam. The film was to be released on March 30, 2012, but, according to a member of the Vietnamese National Film Board, the Board considers the film to be too violent and unanimously voted for the indefinite delay. It is, in fact, banned.
The film has been rated 12A by the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) in the UK for "intense threat, moderate violence and occasional gory moments". To achieve that rating, Lionsgate had to cut or substitute seven seconds of film by "digitally removing blood splashes and the sight of blood on wounds and weapons". In the United States, the movie was granted a PG-13 rating from the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) for "intense violent thematic material and disturbing images—all involving teens"; as Collins had originally anticipated.
There have also been comparisons between "The Hunger Games" premise of children killing each other, and the child soldiers of the Lord's Resistance Army led by Joseph Kony.
Home media.
The film was released in North America and the Netherlands on DVD and Blu-ray Disc August 18, 2012, and in the rest of Europe on September 3, 2012. Extras include 'The World is Watching: The Making of The Hunger Games', numerous featurettes, the propaganda video in its entire form, a talk with the director Gary Ross and also Elvis Mitchell and a marketing archive.
In its first weekend on sale, Lionsgate reported that 3.8 million DVD/Blu-ray Disc copies of the movie were sold, with more than one-third in the Blu-ray Disc format. Three weeks after the release of the movie to home media formats in the US, over 5 million DVD units and 3.7 million Blu-ray Disc units have been sold. With 7,434,058 units sold, the DVD became the top-selling DVD of 2012.
Sequels.
On August 8, 2011, while still shooting the film, Lionsgate announced that a film adaptation of the second novel in "The Hunger Games" trilogy, "", was scheduled to be released on November 22, 2013. In November 2011, Lionsgate entered negotiations with screenwriter Simon Beaufoy to adapt the novel for screen, since the post-production schedule for "The Hunger Games" was too crowded for Ross and Collins to adapt the next film as originally planned. "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" began production in the summer of 2012. Gary Ross will not return for "Catching Fire", and instead Francis Lawrence will direct. On May 6, 2012, it was reported that Michael Arndt was in talks to re-write the script for "Catching Fire". Arndt officially signed on as the new script writer on May 24, 2012. "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" began filming September 10, 2012, and concluded December 21, 2012; it premiered in London on November 11, 2013, before premiering on November 22, 2013 in the US as was originally scheduled.
In July 2012, release dates were confirmed for two films based on the last book "Mockingjay". ' will be released November 21, 2014, and ' will be released November 20, 2015. Lawrence, Hutcherson, Hemsworth, and Harrelson have all signed on to the whole franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="31186390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186390" title="Bay d'Espoir Aerodrome">
Bay d'Espoir Aerodrome

Bay d'Espoir Airport was an airport located southwest of the Bay d'Espoir Hydroelectric Power Station, in Newfoundland, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31186407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186407" title="Fort Benton High School">
Fort Benton High School

Fort Benton High School is a high school in Fort Benton, Montana. Home of the Mighty Longhorns, the Fort Benton School District serves students living in: Fort Benton, Loma, and Carter, with total population nearing 2,000 people. It is located north east of Great Falls.
About the school.
Total 2010-2011 enrollment is 553 students, grades kindergarten through 12th grade. The high school currently has 115 students, making Fort Benton a Class C school in the Montana High School Association. 
Fort Benton's goals are that each student:
The high school building was built in 1943. after a Fire destroyed the original building that was built in the summer of 1920
The Fort Benton School district has had 5 separate building in the history of the district with the Original building built 1856 and then the separate building after the fire was built in 1920 the Elementary and High School that housed Chouteau County High School and then the current Elementary and High School that houses Fort Benton High School built in 1963
Athletics.
The Fort Benton Longhorns have had to move with the economy with what District, Division, and Classification they are placed in. Being one of the original schools founding schools in the MHSA, 
Original Classification: Class AA 1891-1931
Class A 1932-1977
Class B 1978-1982
Class A 1983-1988
Class B 1989-2008
Class C 2009-Current
AA West
Central A
Northern A
Northeast B
Northern B
Southern B
South/Central B
Northern C
District 1B
District 6B
District 7C/8C
Football.
The Fort Benton Longhorn Football team holds the longest running state playoff record out of all Class A' B' and C' Schools 20 state playoff shows from the Longhorns, Under Retired Coach Kevin Smith and Current Coach Pat Munson
Head Coach: Pat Munson
Assistant Coach: Skip Ross
Assistant Coach: Colton Kassmeier
Assistant Coach: Adam Olson 
State Championships: 2002,
State Runner-Up: 2003, 2004
Volleyball.
Fort Benton Volleyball
Head Coach: Christa Sprout
Assistant Coach: Julie McGinnis
Manager: Austin McGrann
State Champions: 
State Place: 4th-2010, 
Division Champions: 2010, 1993, 1992
Division Place: 4th-2009, 4th-2008, 3rd-2007
District Champions: 1993, 1992, 1991
District Place: 3rd-2010 2nd-2009, 4th-2008, 3rd-2007, 2nd-2006
Boys Basketball.
Head Coach: Kevin Shaw
Assistant Coach: Hardy Ohara
State Champions: 1953, 1952, 1951
State Place: 3rd-1973, 2nd-1972, 2nd-1956, 2nd-1955, 2nd-1954, 2nd-1950
Division Champions: 1973, 1972, 1956, 1955, 1954, 1953, 1952, 1951, 1950
Division Place: 4th-2006
District Champions: 2010, 2006, 
District Place: 3rd-2009, 4th-2008, 2nd-2007, 2nd-1996, 2nd-1992, 2nd-1991,
Girls Basketball.
Head Coach: Robert Schoonover
Assistant Coach: Marta Ferguson
State Champions: 2002
State Place: 3rd-2003 2nd-2001 2nd-2000 
Division Champions: 2002, 2001, 2000
Division Place: 2nd-2003, 2nd-1999, 3rd-1998
District Champions: 2003, 2002, 2001, 2000, 1999
District Place: 4th-2010, 4th-2009, 3rd-2007, 2nd-1998
Wrestling.
Head Coach: Kevin Lefurgey
Assistant Coach: Dan Holskey 
Assistant Coach: Tyler Starmen
State Championships:
Boys and Girls Track.
Head Coach: Kevin Shaw
Assistant Coach: Christa Sprout
Boys State Championships: 2003, 2001, 1987, 1986, 1985
Girls State Championships: 1997, 1983, 1982
Golf.
Head Coach: Skip Ross
Assistant Coach: Rosemary Koch
Boys State Championships: 2011, 2010, 2000
Girls State Championships: 2011, 2010, 1997, 1996, 1994, 1993, 1992
Tennis.
Head Coach: Brian Scott
Assistant Coach: Sheril Scott
State Champions:
State Runner-up: 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996
Divisional Champions: Many list coming soon
Gymnastics.
Program Retired
State Championships: 1973
State Runner-ups: 1972 1974 1975 1976 1978 1979 1980
Activities.
Cheerleading.
Coach: Diane Lehman
B Club.
Advisor: Pat Munson
B Club plays a large part throughout the school. They are responsible for creating banners supporting the classes and sports teams that are displayed in the gymnasium. They are also responsible for creating locker signs for participants in athletics and activities to show support.
National Honor Society.
Advisor: Pat Munson
National Honor Society is a group of students who have shown exemplary academic performance.
Band.
Director: Evan Goldhaughn
The Pep band plays at almost all FBHS athletic events Football, Volleyball, Basketball, Wrestling
Choir.
Director: Evan Goldhaughn
Speech and Drama.
Fort Benton S & D where in a Co-op with Highwood and Geraldine High Schools this creates a very competitive team that is contention for the state and division championships. Fort Benton now stands as a single team. 
Placing first in divistionals standing alone for the first time in three years . 
Divisional Championships: 2014, 2013,
State Championships: 2010, 1953
Newspaper/Annual.
Advisor: Carley V.
This group is responsible for the production and quality of the Annual yearbook.
Chouteau County High School.
Fort Benton High School was originally named back in 1891 when the first building was built Chouteau County High School which served all towns in Chouteau County which the high school first had about 200 students and then after the first building burnt to the ground in 1920 and the new building currently housing the high school was built the school split into 4 high schools Highwood, Geraldine, Big Sandy, and Fort Benton
Currently Fort Benton has two buildings. Big Sandy two, Highwood one, and Geraldine has one.

</doc>
<doc id="31186446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186446" title="Nuestra Belleza Tlaxcala">
Nuestra Belleza Tlaxcala

Nuestra Belleza Tlaxcala is a pageant in Tlaxcala, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010 and 2011 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization hasn't had a national winner in Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Tlaxcala, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.

</doc>
<doc id="31186451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186451" title="Bernhard Folkestad">
Bernhard Folkestad

Bernhard Folkestad (1879 – 1933) was a Norwegian essayist and painter. He was born in London, where his father assisted at the Norwegian Seamen’s Mission. Among his painting teachers were Kristian Zahrtmann and Laurits Tuxen. His paintings "Mørkeloftet" from 1905, and "Høns i høstsol" and "Grønnsaker" from 1906 are all located in the National Gallery of Norway. Among his books are "Svingdøren" from 1926, "Sol og morild" from 1929, and "Gullfisken" from 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="31186477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186477" title="Moran Canyon">
Moran Canyon

Moran Canyon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31186511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186511" title="Rosalie Levasseur">
Rosalie Levasseur

Rosalie Levasseur or Le Vasseur (8 October 1749 – 6 May 1826) was a French soprano. Known as 'Mlle Rosalie', she is best remembered for her work with the composer Christoph Willibald Gluck.
Born in Valenciennes in 1749, she first appeared at the Paris Opéra in a revival of Campra's "L'Europe galante". After an undistinguished beginning to her career, she appeared in the French première of Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice" on 2 August 1774 (also the revival of his "Iphigénie en Aulide"), after which she was asked to create the title roles in the tragédie "Alceste" on 23 April 1776, "Armide" on 23 September 1777, and "Iphigenie en Tauride" on 18 May 1779. She also appeared in operas by Gluck's rival Niccolò Piccinni, as well as Johann Christian Bach, André Grétry, and Antonio Sacchini.
Julian Rushton describes Levasseur as a "powerful rather than flexible singer, with a good stage presence if unattractive features."
She died in Neuwied am Rhein in 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="31186529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186529" title="The Sea (2000 film)">
The Sea (2000 film)

The Sea () is a 2000 Spanish film directed by Agustí Villaronga, starring Roger Casamayor. It is based on a novel by Blai Bonet. The plot, set in Mallorca, follows the fates of three childhood friends traumatized by the violence they witnessed during the Spanish Civil War. Ten years later, they are reunited as young adults in a sanatorium for TB patients. The film won the Manfred Salzgeber Award at the Berlin International Film Festival.
Plot.
In the summer of 1936, the violence of the Spanish Civil war reaches a small village in Mallorca. Four children: Andreu Ramallo, Manuel Tur, Pau Inglada and a girl Francisca are witness to the execution of leftists at the hands of pro-Franco villagers. In a desperate act of revenge, Pau, whose father has been killed the previous day by the lead executioner, plans to avenge his father's murder torturing Julià Ballester, the son of his father's killer. His idea is to force the boy to drink castor oil. However, things go wrong when the boy—Julià Ballester—taunts them and Pau becomes enraged. He brutally kills Julià by bashing his head against a rock and then stabbing him in the throat. Unable to deal with what he has just done, Pau commits suicide jumping inside a hole on a cave. The remaining children: Andreu, Manuel, and Francisa are witnesses to these tragic events.
Over a decade later, Ramallo, now a cocky young man, is sent to a tuberculosis sanatorium on Mallorca to recuperate from the initial stages of the disease. Ramallo, like all the tubercular and lung diseased patients, has to live in a large room, dormitory style. However, as a patient's health dwindles and they are expected to die, they are sent to a private room numbered 13 for their final days. Ramallo with his boastfulness and stories of sexual prowess attracts the admiration of the other patients particularly from Galindo, the youngest of the group.
Ramallo is shocked to find that Manuel Tur, his childhood friend, is also a patient. A pale and drawn man, Manuel has found solace to his health predicament in religion. Even more shocking is the sight of the beautiful Francisca, now a selfless nun, nursing the sick at the hospital. Alcantara, the brutal caretaker and Carmen, his unhappy wife, run the place. Shortly after his arrival, Ramallo receives the unwanted visit of Don Eugeni Morel his former boss in smuggling contraband. The well to do middle age Morel, has also sexually abused him for long time. Morel's visit makes Ramallo furious and from then on, he tries to disassociate himself from the crime lord. As a reminder than he can count only on himself, Ramallo gets his own name tattooed on his chest by Alcantara, the hospital's maintenance guy. In the clinic, Manuel has a pet cat that he dotes on. In a fit of anger Ramallo kicks the cat almost to death. Manuel gives the dying animal back to Ramallo to put it out of its misery. They bury the animal together and reconcile remembering their childhood friendship.
Ramallo wants to get rid of Morel for good, but his first attempt to steal some money from the church of the sanatorium fails when he is discovered by Francisca. As a child, she had a crush on him and now she is glad to see him again, but assures him that she is perfectly happy in her life as a nun. Ramallo starts scheming to hijack smuggling good from Morel. He recruits Manuel in helping him to steal the keys of Alcantara's car in order to go to the nearby port. In the middle of this dealing, Galindo's death affects Ramallo deeply. Carmen has a soft spot for Manuel and seduces him. At first Manuel tries to resist the temptation because she is a married woman, but she assures him that she is unhappy in her marriage and only feels disgust for her husband. They have sex, but when Manuel finds out that she came to visit him on Ramallo's suggestion, he tells her to leave him alone. Manuel angrily confronts Ramallo accusing him of being jealous of his purity. Ramallo leaves him silent telling him that his anger comes because he is secretly in love with him. In fact attracted to his friend, Manuel steals Ramallo's clothes but, in his morbid religious fervor, fights his desires that he believes are diabolical. Manuel's sexual panic turns into self-inflicted stigmata.
Francisca accidentally discovers Ramallo's schemes but does not turn him in, instead she travels with Manuel to recover from the cave in which Pau committed suicide, the items Ramallo stole from Morell. Ramallo escapes the sanatorium and returns to Morel's home. When Morell tells him that Manuel betrayed him, giving away the location of his purloined goods, Ramallo murders Morell with an axe. Ramallo returns to the sanatorium to take revenge on Manuel. Manuel tells Ramallo that he loves him and that he gave the goods to Moreel to fight his attraction for him. Ramallo begins to rape him, claiming that the pleasure will get Manuel torture for the rest of his life. Manuel plunges a knife into Ramallo's throat before slitting his own wrist. Francisca lays out the two bodies in the mortuary and removes her nun's coif.
DVD release.
"El mar " is available on DVD. It was released in the United States on December 14, 2004, in Catalan with English and Spanish subtitles available.

</doc>
<doc id="31186539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186539" title="Frank Alesia">
Frank Alesia

Frank Alesia (January 4, 1944 – February 27, 2011) was an American actor and television director. He was best known for his work in the beach party film genre during the 1960s, including such films as "Pajama Party" (1964) and "Riot on Sunset Strip" (1967). He later directed episodes of "Captain Kangaroo" and other television series.
Alesia was born in Chicago, Illinois, and moved to Los Angeles in 1964. According to the "Hollywood Reporter", Alesia became one of the last character actors in the film industry to work under the studio system, which was declining at the time. He appeared in several beach party films of the 1960s, including "Pajama Party", "Bikini Beach", which starred Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello, "Riot on Sunset Strip" and "Beach Blanket Bingo". His television credits as an actor also included appearances in "The Flying Nun", "The Odd Couple", "Gomer Pyle", "That Girl", "Room 222" and "Laverne & Shirley".
Alesia later directed episodes of "Captain Kangaroo", which earned him a Daytime Emmy nomination in 1979. He also joined the crew of "Laverne & Shirley" beginning in 1980 as both a screenwriter and television director. He directed three episodes of "Laverne & Shirley", wrote one episode, and served as an executive consultant for eight episodes of the show.
He later left the entertainment industry and raced and bred thoroughbred horses.
Death.
Frank Alesia died of natural causes at his home in Carlsbad, California, on February 27, 2011, aged 67. He was survived by his wife, Sharon, and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="31186591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186591" title="Sierra Hull">
Sierra Hull

Sierra Dawn Hull (born September 27, 1991) is an American bluegrass singer, mandolinist and guitarist.
Hull was signed to Rounder Records at the age of 13 and released her debut album, "Secrets", in 2008 at the age of 16. The album peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard Top Bluegrass Albums chart. Her second album, "Daybreak", was released on March 8, 2011.
Biography.
Sierra Hull was born and raised in Byrdstown, Tennessee and attended Pickett County High School before accepting a Presidential Scholarship to study at the Berklee College of Music.
Hull began playing the mandolin at the age of eight and put out the album "Angel Mountain" at 10. Hull was soon playing jam sessions with other musicians in her family, and by 2001 she was entering local talent contests. Her parents, Stacy and Brenda, took her to numerous bluegrass festivals and it was during an International Bluegrass Music Association festival that she came to the attention of Rounder Records chief talent scout Ken Irwin. At age 11 she was mentored and befriended by Alison Krauss, herself once a child prodigy on the fiddle. Hull and Krauss, along with Dan Tyminski, performed at the White House on November 21, 2011.
She has a brother, Cody, and is a distant cousin of former United States Secretary of State Cordell Hull.
Hull has already received five International Bluegrass Music Association nominations in the past three years.
Touring.
Hull performed with the band Highway 111 at the Gettysburg Bluegrass festival in 2005. She continues to tour, even while she attended Berklee College of Music.
Recordings.
"Secrets".
Hull's debut album on Rounder Records, released in May 2008, was co-produced by Alison Krauss and Ron Block which follows a self-released CD "Angel Mountain", in 2002. The production by Hull and Ron Block paid tribute and honored the tradition and style of bluegrass music. The album contained 3 original songs penned by Hull. She was just 15 when she recorded the album and released at just 16.
"Daybreak".
On her 2011 second release on Rounder Records, the 20-year-old has composed seven of the 12 songs and it was produced by Alison Krauss & Union Station bassist Barry Bales. The album features collaborations with Bryan Sutton on guitar and Randy Kohrs on dobro. Guest singers include Dan Tyminski, Shawn Lane and Ronnie Bowman.

</doc>
<doc id="31186624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186624" title="Jim Pixlee">
Jim Pixlee

James Ebenezzar "Possum Jim" Pixlee (March 29, 1889 – February 17, 1967) was an American football player and coach of football and basketball. He served as the head football coach at Oklahoma Agricultural and Mechanical College, now Oklahoma State University–Stillwater (1919–1920), Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri (1922–1928), and George Washington University (1929–1937), compiling a career college football record of 77–59–14. Pixlee was also the head basketball coach at Oklahoma A&M (1919–1921), Westminster (1922–1929), and George Washington (1930–1932), tallying a career college basketball mark of 0–50.
Pixlee attended the University of Missouri, where he lettered in football during the 1909, 1911, and 1912 seasons. He was head coach of the Oklahoma A&M Aggies for the 1919 and 1920 football seasons. During this period, the team won three of their 16 games. By 1929 Pixlee was director of athletics at Missouri's Westminster College.
In 1929, Pixlee took over the head coaching position of the George Washington Colonials, starting with an 0–8 season. He went on to win more football games than any other coach in George Washington's history, leading the Colonials to records crowds and coaching Alphonse "Tuffy" Leemans, whom David Holt described as "perhaps GW's greatest athlete ever". Pixlee left that position in 1937.
He was married to Blossom Pixlee.

</doc>
<doc id="31186639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186639" title="Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 26)">
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 26)

The following is a list of episodes from the 26th season of PBS "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" which aired in late 1995 and early 1996. This was the last season to have more than 15 episodes, and the last to be aired across two calendar years.
Episode 1 (Mad Feelings).
Rogers visits Red Grooms' studio, where he is currently working on a painting of the trolley. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe sees Lady Elaine in fits because she can't seem to draw the Eiffel Tower well. 
Episode 2 (Mad Feelings).
Maggie Stewart brings a water-and-oil motion sculpture to the television house. Jay Styperk, a wheelchair basketball specialist, gives Rogers a few exercises. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe is startled to see Lady Elaine has turned the Eiffel Tower upside down. 
Episode 3 (Mad Feelings).
Lady Elaine Fairchilde is distraught that, in a fit of anger, she has turned Mr. McFeely into a doll. 
Episode 4 (Mad Feelings).
Betty Okonak Templeton visits the Neighborhood of Make-Believe in an effort to ease Lady Elaine's mean mood. 
Episode 5 (Mad Feelings).
Rogers attends the rehearsals for "STOMP!". The Neighborhood of Make-Believe comforts a harried Lady Elaine, who rights the Eiffel Tower and learns that Mr. McFeely was not turned into a doll after all. 
Episode 6 (Transformations).
Mr. McFeely presents Rogers with a "hide-and-find ball", with which they play a little hide-and-seek. Rogers hears a storyteller at Mrs. McFeely's house. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe gets puzzled by a gift for Purple Panda, which is one that he is not supposed to open. 
Episode 7 (Transformations).
JoAnn Swaim does a juggling act outside Rogers' television house. Rogers shows pictures of the show's neighbors as children and as adults. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe is looking for Purple Panda so they can give him his package. 
Episode 8 (Transformations).
Rogers demonstrates that he doesn't change when he wears dark glasses or a black wig. Lady Aberlin tries the same tactic in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe. Mr. McFeely shows a time-lapse videotape of how the television house is set up in the studios of WQED in Pittsburgh. 
Episode 9 (Transformations).
Rogers fixes the ball float in the toilet. Maggie Stewart demonstrates some sign language, using a book in the process. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe remains perplexed by the mysterious package for Purple Panda. And things don't get any better once Purple Panda arrives. 
Episode 10 (Transformations).
Rogers shows a wooden egg that contains a speckled egg. He then returns to the McFeely's house, where plants are transplanted and ducklings are delivered. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Lady Elaine Fairchilde retrieves the package for Purple Panda. Much to everyone's surprise, the package opens itself. 
Episode 11 (Helping).
Lady Elaine frets about all the noise made by someone's "vacuum sweeper".
Episode 12 (Helping).
Jabali Afrika performs at Negri's Music Shop. Lady Elaine Fairchilde has a bad dream about "vacuum sweepers," where she dances with one while in human size and tries to rid them from the Neighborhood of Make-Believe.
Episode 13 (Helping).
Rogers visits B. Smith's restaurant and reunites with B. Smith herself. Smith returns to the Neighborhood of Make-Believe and leaves a napkin for Queen Sara. But the napkin is swept away, because of Lady Elaine's army of "vacuum sweepers".
Episode 14 (Helping).
After Rogers draws with some colored chalk, he sees a videotape on how this type of chalk is made. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Purple Panda is called on to help Lady Elaine overcome her fear of "vacuum sweepers".
Episode 15 (Helping).
Purple Panda sings a song that helps Lady Elaine overcome her fear of "vacuum sweepers". Rogers' visits an inner-city arts center for children in Los Angeles. 
Episode 16 (Brave and Strong).
The Neighborhood of Make-Believe has witnessed cereal falling like snow over a couple of areas. It stops snowing cereal over at the Platypus Mound, but not at Daniel's Clock. 
Episode 17 (Brave and Strong).
Rogers' friend Brad Brewer, a knitter and puppeteer, talks of the puppets and puppet shows he has performed in. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Elsie Jean Platypus explains that the cereal stopped falling on the Platypus Mound when she wasn't afraid of it. But Daniel is afraid of the cereal snowfall on his Clock. 
Episode 18 (Brave and Strong).
Rogers visits the McFeelys' house to see the lambs they are babysitting. Mr. McFeely plays a videotape on how lambs are sheared. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe sends armor-clad King Friday to the Clock, where he will attempt to command the cereal to stop falling. But only Daniel's presence at the Clock can stop the downpour. 
Episode 19 (Brave and Strong).
Rogers takes viewers to see his immunization at a doctor's office. Daniel finally faces his fears, with the aid of Chuck Aber and Lady Aberlin. They give him an inflatable boat prior to appearing at the Clock. Only Daniel can stop the falling cereal at the Clock, and he does.
Episode 20 (Brave and Strong).
With the crisis at the Neighborhood of Make-Believe over, Daniel asks that his pile of fallen cereal should be distributed to the people who need it most. A forklift is just the tool to cart boxes of cereal from the Clock. 

</doc>
<doc id="31186643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186643" title="The Hunger Games">
The Hunger Games

The Hunger Games, a multimedia franchise set in "The Hunger Games" universe, is derived from the "The Hunger Games" trilogy, a series of books by Suzanne Collins. The name of the series, the franchise, and the universe is based on the title of the first book in the series: "The Hunger Games". The Hunger Games universe is a dystopia set in "Panem" which is located in North America. The country consists of the wealthy Capitol located in the Rocky Mountains and twelve (formerly thirteen) poorer districts ruled by the Capitol. The Capitol is lavishly rich and technologically advanced but the twelve districts are in varying states of poverty. Young residents, aged 12 to 18, from twelve districts are chosen by random drawing (or "reaping") to participate in a compulsory annual televised death match called The Hunger Games.
The three novels in the trilogy are "The Hunger Games" (2008), "Catching Fire" (2009), and "Mockingjay" (2010). The books have either been adapted, or are in the process of being adapted, as installments in "The Hunger Games" film series, which includes the 2012 film, "The Hunger Games", followed by ' (2013), ' (2014), and "" (2015).
Additional media within the franchise include the soundtracks, ' (the soundtrack for the film adaptation of the first novel) and ' (the soundtrack for the film adaptation of the second novel).

</doc>
<doc id="31186717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186717" title="List of current Continental Indoor Football League team rosters">
List of current Continental Indoor Football League team rosters

The following is a list of current Continental Indoor Football League team rosters:

</doc>
<doc id="31186721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186721" title="Quantum-class cruise ship">
Quantum-class cruise ship

"Quantum" class is the name for an upcoming class of cruise ships from Royal Caribbean International, previously known by the code name "Project Sunshine". The "Quantum"-class ships will surpass the earlier "Freedom"-class ships by a mere 13,000 GT, becoming the second largest class of passenger ships behind Royal Caribbean International's "Oasis" class ships on a gross tonnage basis. The first two ships of this class, "Quantum of the Seas" and "Anthem of the Seas", are expected to be delivered in November 2014 and April 2015, respectively. A third unnamed ship is expected to be delivered mid-2016.
"Quantum of the Seas" will spend its inaugural 2014-2015 season sailing from Cape Liberty in Bayonne, New Jersey, United States, before repositioning to China in May 2015. Beginning late June 2015, the ship will sail three- to eight-night itineraries year-round from Shanghai to Japan and Korea. "Anthem of the Seas" will spend its inaugural 2015 season sailing from Southampton, Hampshire, UK, before repositioning to Cape Liberty in November 2015. , no ports or itineraries have been announced for the third "Quantum"-class ship.
History.
On February 11, 2011, Royal Caribbean announced that they had ordered the first of a new class of ships from the Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg, Germany scheduled to be delivered by Fall 2014. At the time, the project was code-named "Project Sunshine". Later that year, two 20.5-megawatt ABB Azipod XO propulsion units were ordered for that ship. On February 29, 2012 the company announced that a second "Project Sunshine" ship had been ordered and would be delivered by Spring 2015, and ordered identical Azipod propulsion units shortly thereafter. Just under a year later, on January 31, 2013, steel cutting for the first ship began with a silhouette of the ship being cut by the lasers. The same day, Royal Caribbean announced the official name of the new class of ships, "Quantum" Class, as well as the names of the first two ships in the class, "Quantum of the Seas" and "Anthem of the Seas". These names were among a series of names that Royal Caribbean had filed for trademarks on in late 2012, including "Passion of the Seas", "Vantage of the Seas", "Ovation of the Seas", and the "Pulse of the Seas" (these other trademarks were abandoned ). Details on the major features of "Quantum of the Seas" were announced on April 16, 2013. On May 30, 2013, Royal Caribbean announced that they had signed a contract with Meyer Werft for a third "Quantum"-class ship for delivery mid-2016 and that an option exists for a fourth ship, although that option has not been exercised.
Design.
Staterooms.
"Quantum"-class ships will have 16 passenger-accessible decks, 8 of which will feature balcony staterooms overlooking the ocean. Like the Celebrity "Solstice" class, those staterooms above the life boats will be recessed into the superstructure and won't look down directly at the ocean. There will be a total of 2,090 staterooms: 1,570 balcony staterooms, 147 ocean-view staterooms, and 373 inside staterooms. Of those staterooms, 34 will be wheelchair accessible and 28 will be studio staterooms for single travelers (including 12 studio staterooms with balconies). All aft-facing staterooms will be a 2-story "loft" suites. Expanding on the "Virtual Porthole" concept introduced by Disney Cruise Line on the "Disney Dream", all the interior staterooms will feature a floor-to-ceiling 80-inch high-definition TV screen showing live views from the outside of the ship, which Royal Caribbean calls a "Virtual Balcony". On average, staterooms on the "Quantum" class will be 9 percent larger than those on the preceding "Oasis" class.
Activities.
Like the earlier "Freedom" and "Oasis"-class ships, the "Sports Court" on deck 15 aft will feature a Wave Loch Flowrider surf simulator and a rock-climbing wall. A new feature on the "Quantum"-class is "RipCord by iFLY", a skydiving simulator set in a recirculating indoor recreational vertical wind tunnel. Reservations for RipCord will be able to be made online in advance of the cruise. All the features of the Sports deck are complimentary, although Royal Caribbean will charge for pictures and videos taken of RipCord participants.
The "NorthStar" observation tower, located at the forward end of the top deck, will use a glass-walled capsule on the end of a crane arm to lift groups of up to 14 guests up and over the edge of the ship, reaching heights of up to 300 feet above sea level. Rides on the NorthStar will be complimentary and on a first-come, first-served basis, with the exception of sunrise, sunset, and private trips which will have a charge and can be reserved online in advance.
Deck 14 will feature an outdoor pool with a large video screen, an indoor pool with a retractable roof, an indoor "Solarium" with an adults-only pool, the "H2O Zone" kids' water park, and at least 4 whirlpools. Other included features that have become standard on recent Royal Caribbean ships include a Spa and Fitness Center on decks 15 and 16, the "Adventure Ocean" kids club on decks 11 and 12, a Broadway-style "The Royal Theater" on decks 3-5, and a Casino on deck 3. Unlike the earlier "Voyager, "Freedom", and "Oasis" class, "Quantum"-class ships will not feature a Viking Crown Lounge or ice skating rink, and the Royal Promenade mall down the center of the ship will not be featured in its traditional form.
The ships will also feature a number of multi-purpose venues:
Two70°.
Two70° is a lounge on decks 5-7 at the stern of the ship, which will feature three-story-high 270-degree panoramic ocean views, a café, and an ice bar. Automatic window shades can cover the windows to limit the amount of sunlight entering, and a 13-projector projection mapping system can project live views from outside the ship onto those screens. At night, movable furniture and retractable dividers and chandeliers allow the space to be reconfigured to be used as a performance venue for a "nouveau-cirque"-style show or as a disco. Both nighttime uses will take advantage of the projection system and 5 robotically controlled 100-inch LCD television screens to provide digital backdrops.
SeaPlex.
Located at the middle of deck 15, the SeaPlex will be a large indoor gym with a full-size basketball court that can be converted into a dance floor, a flying trapeze school, a roller-skating arena, or a bumper cars ride. The "SeaPlex" also features the "SeaPlex Dog House" food truck and table tennis, air hockey and foosball tables on a second-level mezzanine.
The Music Hall.
The Music Hall will be a 2-story lounge on decks 3 and 4 that also serves as a nightclub and small music performance venue. The Music Hall will feature the self-leveling pool tables first seen on the "Radiance"-class ships.
Dining.
Unlike previous Royal Caribbean ships, "Quantum"-class ships will not have a main dining room, nor will they have an option for traditional cruise dinners where passengers have the same table and servers each night. Instead, these ships will use a "Dynamic Dining" concept similar to the "Freestyle" concept used on Norwegian Cruise Line, with guests being required to make reservations for their choice of restaurant for each night in advance. Each venue will maintain the same menu and staff throughout the cruise.
Complimentary.
There are five complimentary main restaurants (four of which are available to all passengers):
Other smaller complimentary dining venues include:
Additional fee.
There are several smaller dining concepts debuting on the "Quantum" class that will be available to passengers for an additional fee:
Other additional-fee restaurants available on the "Quantum" class that are also offered on previous Royal Caribbean ships are:

</doc>
<doc id="31186745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186745" title="Earl A. Pritchard">
Earl A. Pritchard

Earl Adrel Pritchard (born October 6, 1884, date of death unknown) was an American football, basketball, and baseball coach. He served as the head football coach at Oklahoma Agricultural and Mechanical College, now Oklahoma State University–Stillwater, for two seasons, from 1917 to 1918, compiling record of 8–7. Oklahoma A&M was then a member of the Southwest Conference. On Thanksgiving weekend of 1917, Pritchard led the Aggies to a 9–0 victory over their in-state rivals, the Oklahoma Sooners. Pritchard was also the head basketball coach at Oklahoma A&M from 1917 to 1919, tallying a mark of 11–15, and the head baseball coach at the school from 1917 to 1918, notching a record of 3–13.

</doc>
<doc id="31186817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186817" title="United States v. Lee">
United States v. Lee

United States v. Lee, , is a 5-to-4 ruling by the United States Supreme Court which held that the Constitution's prohibition on lawsuits against the federal government did not extend to officers of the government themselves. The case involved the heir of Mary Anna Custis Lee, wife of Confederate States of America General Robert E. Lee, who sued to regain control of Arlington House and its grounds. Arlington had been seized by the United States government in 1861 and eventually converted into Arlington National Cemetery. The estate had been sold to pay outstanding taxes, but the lawsuit contested the tax sale as improper. A jury found in favor of the Lees. The Supreme Court, too, concluded that the tax sale was illegal. In stripping the federal officers of their sovereign immunity, the Supreme Court agreed that suit against them was proper.
The jury verdict returned Arlington to the Lee family, but only temporarily. The family never returned to Arlington, but rather sold the estate to the United States government in 1883 for $150,000.
Background.
History of the Arlington estate.
John Parke Custis, son of Martha Parke Custis Washington and stepson of George Washington, purchased of forest and farm land in 1778 and called it "Arlington." The estate was located directly across the Potomac River from the future site of Washington, D.C., in what was then Alexandria County (now known as Arlington County). John Custis died in 1781, and his son, George Washington Parke Custis, inherited the property. G.W.P. Custis hired George Hadfield, then supervising construction of the United States Capitol, to design and build a two-story Greek Revival house atop the most prominent hill on the property, a mansion Custis named "Arlington House." G.W.P. Custis' daughter, Mary Anna, married Robert E. Lee in 1831. Custis died in 1857, leaving his estate and Arlington House to his daughter.
Seizure of the estate.
In April 1861, Virginia seceded from the United States and Robert E. Lee resigned his commission in the United States Army on April 20, 1861, and joined the military forces of the Confederate States of America. On May 7, troops of the Virginia militia occupied Arlington and Arlington House. With Confedrate forces occupying Arlington's high ground, the capital of the Union was left in an untenable military position. Although unwilling to leave Arlington House, Mary Lee believed her estate would soon be invested with federal soldiers. So she buried many of her family treasures on the grounds and left for her sister's estate at Ravensworth in Fairfax County, Virginia, on May 14. On May 3, General Winfield Scott ordered Brigadier General Irvin McDowell to clear Arlington and the city of Alexandria, Virginia, of all troops not loyal to the United States. McDowell occupied Arlington without opposition on May 24.
On June 7, 1862, the U.S. Congress enacted the "Act for the Collection of Taxes in the Insurrectionary Districts" (12 Stat. at L. 422), legislation which imposed a property tax on all land in "insurrectionary" areas of the United States. The 1863 amendments to the statute required these taxes to be paid in person. Congress knew that few Confederate sympathizers would appear in person to pay the tax, thus allowing the federal government to seize large amounts of property and auction it off to raise money for the war effort. A tax of $92.07 was levied on the Arlington estate in 1863. But Mary Lee, afflicted with severe rheumatoid arthritis and behind Confederate lines in Richmond, Virginia, gave the payment to her cousin, Philip R. Fendall (who lived in Alexandria). The tax collectors refused to accept his payment. On January 11, 1864, the entire estate was auctioned off to pay the tax due. (With a 50 percent penalty for nonpayment, the total of tax and fine was $138.11.) Although the auction was well-attended, the U.S. government was the only bidder and won the property for $26,800 (less than its assessed value of $34,100).
With local cemeteries in Alexandria County and Alexandria filling rapidly with war dead, Quartermaster General of the United States Army Montgomery C. Meigs proposed using of the Arlington estate as a cemetery. The first burial there was made on May 13, 1864. United States Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton approved the establishment of a military cemetery on June 15, 1864, creating Arlington National Cemetery. By the end of the war in April 1865, more than 16,000 people had been buried at Arlington. In September 1866, a memorial and a burial vault (containing the remains of 2,111 U.S. and Confederate soldiers who died at the First Battle of Bull Run, Second Battle of Bull Run, and along the Rappahannock River) were buried in Lee's former rose garden on the mansion's east side beneath the Civil War Unknowns Monument, a memorial to honor unknown soldiers who had died during the American Civil War.
Suit by Lee's heirs.
Robert E. Lee made no attempt to restore his title to Arlington before his death in 1870. Mary Lee died in 1873, having returned to the house a few months before her death. Too upset at its condition, she refused to enter and left after just a few moments.
In April 1874, Robert E. and Mary Lee's eldest son, George Washington Custis Lee, petitioned Congress for payment for the Arlington estate. Lee argued that tax sale of the entire property (rather than just that portion needed to pay the tax debt) amounted to confiscation and was unconstitutional. He also argued that the tax collectors' refusal to accept payment made the proceedings null and void. Finally, he asserted that the federal government should only be able to secure a life interest in the property (in other words, seize it only as long as Mary Lee lived) and could not assert title to the estate without the consent of the state of Virginia. He offered not to litigate the seizure of Arlington if paid. Lee's petition was referred to the United States House Committee on the Judiciary on April 6, but it was not acted on.
In April 1877, Lee filed suit in Alexandria County circuit court to eject the U.S. government from Arlington. His suit named, among others, Frederick Kaufman (a civilian in the United States Department of War who oversaw Arlington National Cemetery) and R.P. Strong (a U.S. Army officer who supervised the portion of Arlington which had become an Army post). Almost a thousand others were named in the suit, all of them former African American slaves who had been allowed to form a settlement known as Freedmen's Village on part of the estate. On July 6, United States Attorney General Charles Devens filed a writ of certiorari asking that the case be transferred to the United States Circuit Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, a request which the federal court approved three days later. On July 16, Devens filed a motion to have Lee's suit dismissed on the grounds that the Constitution made the federal government immune to suits at law (unless it gave its consent). Lee filed a demurrer, pointing out that the government had taken the contradictory position of being a private buyer in a tax sale and yet asserting sovereign immunity as if its purchase were a governmental act. On March 15, 1878, the circuit court held that not only did the court have jurisdiction to decide the issue but that the lawsuit presented a controversy over facts which should be decided by a jury. A jury trial was held January 24–30, 1879, in Alexandria. The jury found for Lee, concluding that the demand to accept payment only in person violated the Constitution's due process guarantees.
The federal government asked on April 6, 1879, that the jury verdict be set aside on the basis of the Supreme Court's ruling in "Carr v. United States", 98 U.S. 433, (a decision handed down on March 3, after the jury's verdict had been reached). "Carr v. United States" involved a case where the city of San Francisco, California, transferred title to property within the city to the federal government even though a private citizen claimed title to the land. The Supreme Court reaffirmed in "Carr" that the federal government cannot be sued without its consent, that a suit against an officer or agent of the federal government does not bind the government itself, and that courts do not have jurisdiction over title suits against the federal government's officers and agents. Only when property has been transferred by the courts does a private citizen establish a right to establish or reclaim rights to title. But the circuit court in "Lee" held that much of the decision in "Carr" was dicta, and reaffirmed the jury decision.
Two appeals were made to the U.S. Supreme Court. The first was by the United States government itself, while the second was made by the government on behalf of Kaufman and Strong. The question was whether the title actually transferred to the federal government. If yes, then Lee had no claim; but if not, then Lee had standing to sue to reclaim his title to the land. To determine this, the Supreme Court first had to rule out all other grounds for a suit, and then determine whether the tax sale actually transferred the title.
Opinion of the Court.
Associate Justice Samuel Freeman Miller wrote the decision for the majority, joined by Associate Justices Stephen Johnson Field, John Marshall Harlan, Stanley Matthews, and Samuel Blatchford. Most of Miller's ruling was technical.
After reviewing the facts of the case, Miller presented the two critical questions in the case: 1) Were there other grounds for a suit other than transfer of title in error, and 2) whether the tax sale had actually transferred title. The members of the Court were agreed that there no errors regarding interpretation of the law by the circuit court, in the jury instructions, or in the documents of the tax sale. But, citing "Bennett v. Hunter", 72 U.S. 326 (1869), (which had involved the nearby Abingdon estate); "Tacey v. Irwin", 85 U.S. 549 (1873); and "Atwood v. Weems", 99 U.S. 183 (1878), the majority reaffirmed that a tax collector's refusal to accept payment was the equivalent of payment. The majority considered whether a rule had been properly adopted by the tax commissioners to accept payment only from the title holder him or her self, and found that it had properly been adopted. However, the majority found that denial of a taxpayer's right to pay through an agent was improper:
The government claimed that prior Court rulings on tax payment regulations were not applicable because the 1862 the law specifically required payment to be made in person, but the Court disagreed and distinguished its previous decisions as being based on the 1862 law and its 1863 amendments. The government also claimed that the law did not permit payment to be made between the announcement of the tax sale and the date of the sale if the government were the purchaser. But the majority pointed out that this created a contradiction: How could the title holder know that the government was the purchaser until the actual purchase had occurred? This made no sense, and subsequently that section of the law was invalid.
The Court next considered whether payment had been attempted. Relying on "Cooley v. O'Connor", 79 U.S. 391 (1870), the majority noted that nothing in the law or the Constitution indicated that the government's title to land "should have any greater effect as evidence of title than in the case of a private purchaser, nor why it should not be subject to the same rules in determining its validity, nor why the payment or tender of the tax, interest, and costs, should not be made by an agent in the one case as in the other." Since there was uncontested evidence that Lee had attempted to make payment in full, the tax should have been considered paid.
But did sovereign immunity bar any challenge to the government's title, once title had been transferred? Justice Miller engaged in a lengthy historical review of the privilege of sovereign immunity, its roots in English and common law, its acceptance in Colonial America, its enshrinement in the Constitution, and its growing acceptance by the courts of the United States. But the Lee lawsuit was against Kaufman and Strong as individuals, not just the United States government. The government argued that title in the Arlington estate was held by the government, not these officers, and thus was immunized against suit. The Court, citing "Meigs v. M'Clung's Lessee" 13 U.S. 11 (1815), concluded there was no difference whether the officers were in possession of the land themselves or whether they held the land as agents of the government. The Court relied heavily on "Osborn v. Bank of the United States", 22 U.S. 738 (1824), in which officers of the state of Ohio (rather than the state itself) were sued but the actual party affected was the sovereignly immune state. The majority reaffirmed the statement of principle in "Davis v. Gray": "Where the State is concerned, the State should be made a party, if it can be done." The Court agreed that much of the holding in "Carr v. United States" was dicta, and could not be relied upon by the government.
The government also claimed that since Arlington had been put to a lofty public use (a cemetery and a fort), Lee should not be able to disturb title to it after so long a period of time. But the Court strongly disagreed, arguing that the Fifth Amendment made no such distinction. In ringing language, the majority upheld Lee's right against deprivation of property without due process of law:
The decision of the circuit court was affirmed.
Dissent.
Associate Justice Horace Gray wrote a dissent, which was joined by Chief Justice Morrison Waite and Associate Justices Joseph P. Bradley, and William Burnham Woods.
Justice Gray extensively reviewed the facts of the case. Then Gray asserted the critical principle in the case: "The sovereign is not liable to be sued in any judicial tribunal without its consent. The sovereign cannot hold property except by agents." Like the majority, the dissenters also provided a lengthy history of the right of sovereign immunity, but underscoring the uniform inviolability of the right. Citing "United States v. Clarke", 33 U.S. 436 (1834), the dissent reasserted that a lawsuit against the United States must be brought under the explicit authority of an act of Congress or the courts have no jurisdiction over it. Gray also reviewed the authority of private citizens to bring suit in the United States Court of Claims.
To permit Lee's suit, Gray argued, would open the United States to a multitude of suits over title to land it held. The cases cited by the majority (such as "United States v. Peters", "Osborn v. Bank of United States", "Meigs v. M'Clung", and "Davis v. Gray") were improperly cited, Gray argued, as in each case "either the money was in the personal possession of the defendants and not in the possession of the State, or the suit was to restrain the defendants by injunction from doing acts in violation of the Constitution of the United States." It was one thing for the Court to eject or dispossess officers or agents of the United States from land or funds; such actions, Gray concluded, continued to immunize the United States government from suits. "Carr v. United States" reaffirmed this principle, he concluded. To blur the distinction between officer and state or to assume or imply it without the state's consent, as the majority does, Gray said, would leave the sovereign immunity right in shambles.
Once the United States asserted that it was a party to the case, Gray concluded, the courts had no jurisdiction and should not have heard the case. Once the United States interposed itself between Kaufman and Strong and the plaintiff, the courts should not have ordered trial to proceed against them, either. Because the courts had no jurisdiction, the dissenters refused to address the issue of the validity of the title.
Subsequent developments.
The U.S. government faced the daunting prospect of having to disinter 17,000 bodies and transfer Arlington back to the Lee family. Additionally, much of the estate had been developed into the new Army post of Fort Myer. After several months of difficult negotiations, Lee and the government settled on a sale price of $150,000. Congress enacted legislation funding the purchase on March 3, 1883; Lee signed over the title on March 31; and the title transfer was recorded on May 14, 1883.
"United States v. Lee" is one of three important federal sovereign immunity cases, and the most important doctrinally. The case showed just how sharply divided the Supreme Court was over the scope and legitimacy of sovereign immunity in the United States. The majority opinion questioned whether sovereign immunity was appropriate in a republic, and suggested that it had been adopted in an unprincipled and careless way by previous court decisions. The decision was the first to refuse to extend sovereign immunity to officers of the state acting as individuals, a principle which would later become known as the "stripping doctrine". The decision also revised the Supreme Court's "nominal party rule," first enunciated in "Osborn" and "Davis". In those cases, the Court had salvaged federal and state sovereign immunity by creating a bright-line legal fiction that the suits were against government officers in their capacity as individuals and not acting on behalf of the state. The Court in "Lee" reaffirmed this "nominal party rule" but only with five votes—which proved to be the last time it was invoked. In "Louisiana ex rel. Elliot v. Jumel", 107 U.S. 711 (1882), a majority of the Court upheld the "nominal party rule" but refused to invoke it on an technicality. In "New Hampshire v. Louisiana", 108 U.S. 76 (1883), the Court abandoned the "nominal party rule" in favor of a "real party interest test." The Court openly rejected the rule (without necessarily overturning its previous decision) in "In re Ayers", 123 U.S. 443 (1887). Nevertheless, the Court did not overturn "Lee" but rather distinguished it narrowly and continued to affirm its basic principles in "Jumel" and "Ayers".
"United States v. Lee" also sharply limited the sovereign immunity doctrine by implying that it could be subordinated to other, more fundamental rights such as the Fifth Amendment's prohibition against "takings" without just compensation and due process. Justice Miller's ringing endorsement of the rights of individuals is seen as endorsing the concept that, in the United States, the people are the sovereign—not the government. In "Tindal v. Wesley", 167 U.S. 204 (1897), the Supreme Court expressly extended the "Lee" decision to "takings" suits against states (which had previously been barred by the Court's constitutional interpretations).
Although "Lee" seemed to invite a full-scale reconsideration of the doctrine of sovereign immunity, subsequent Supreme Court decisions in "Larson v. Domestic & Foreign Commerce Corporation", 337 U.S. 682 (1949) and "Malone v. Bowdoin", 369 U.S. 643 (1962) sharply limited the impact of the "Lee" Court's decision. "Larson" and "Malone" specifically carved out only two areas in which an officer of the United States may be sued: 1) If the officer acts outside her or his legally prescribed scope of authority, or 2) If the officer acts in a way that is unconstitutional.
Interestingly, the "Lee" decision also created a contradiction within the Supreme Court's approach to federal-state relations. Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the United States Constitution bars the federal government from acquiring the land of any state except with that state's express permission. In "United States v. Penn", 48 F. 669, 670 (C.C.E.D. Va. 1880), a circuit court had held that the federal government held no jurisdiction over Arlington National Cemetery because it had not obtained Virginia's permission to hold title to the land. The "Lee" Court never addressed this issue, and in fact came to the opposite conclusion (its decision to return the property to the Lee family being founded on other grounds).
At least one legal historian has concluded that "Lee" also laid an early foundation for the doctrine of executive immunity.
In many ways, the "Lee" decision is also more famous for its defense of the rights of citizens than its sovereign immunity jurisprudence. Miller's defense of the rights of the individual ("No man...is above the law...") is considered "elegantly elaborated" by lawyer Lawrence Walsh. Constitutional law scholar Louise Weinberg called the language "ringing". Another legal scholar called the language "remarkable" and emphatic.

</doc>
<doc id="31186821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186821" title="Global StarCraft II Team League">
Global StarCraft II Team League

GOMTV Global StarCraft II Team League (GSTL) is a tournament hosted by GomTV and Blizzard Entertainment in South Korea. The GSTL focuses on team play to see which is the best team. The GSTL is broadcast on Thursday and Friday, whereas the GOMTV Global StarCraft II League is broadcast on Monday to Wednesday.
Teams.
This is a list of teams currently participating in the GSTL (as of August 27th, 2013).
Champions.
Month Based Events.
For the first season of the GOMTV Global StarCraft II League, the GSTL was a short, 4 day event that invited the top 8 Korean teams to play. This format was eventually abandoned due to the popularity of the team leagues.
Season Based Events.
The GSTL format was drastically overhauled due to its popularity. The new format was season based, going on for three months at a time, and allowed all the teams that wanted to participate to participate, instead of limiting it to 8. This season also saw the debut of non-Korean teams participating in the GSTL.
World Championship Team Events.
Also on March 28, 2011 to March 29, 2011 GomTV hosted a special tournament called the 2011 LG Cinema 3D GOMTV World Championship Seoul. The GOMTV World Championship hosted Team Korea vs. World All Stars in a single elimination best of 15 format. The tournament lasted all the way till game 15 but the World All Stars could not complete the come back and beat Team Korea.
Preseason Events.
On February 12, it was announced that GomTV would be hosting a GSTL Preseason event for the first StarCraft II expansion, Heart of the Swarm. This would be the first GomTV HotS tournament, and is played on the beta servers.

</doc>
<doc id="31186824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186824" title="Fritz Zuber-Buhler">
Fritz Zuber-Buhler

Fritz Zuber-Buhler (1822 – November 23, 1896) was a Swiss painter in the style of Academic Classicism, born at Le Locle in Switzerland.
Biography.
At sixteen years of age he moved to Paris, France where found his first teacher, Louis Grosclaude. Later he studied at the “École des Beaux-Arts” and then refined his technical skills with François-Édouard Picot, who followed the same lineage of contemporaneous artists such as Léon Perrault, Bouguereau, and Alexandre Cabanel. Afterwards he spent some time in Italy searching for inspiration; he may have also studied in Berlin. After five years abroad, he returned to Paris, where he made his debut at the Salon in 1850. In subsequent Salons he showed works in many media: oil paintings, drawings, pastels and watercolors.
His painting "Innocence" shows his romantic view of the peasant children and their environment. He painted mythological and religious subjects, as well as commissioned portraits. Zuber-Buhler exhibited in the United States at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and achieved considerable success. He exhibited at the Salon (Paris) until 1891, by which time the European academic tradition he represented was past its heyday.

</doc>
<doc id="31186833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186833" title="Kalam Mari Katha Mari">
Kalam Mari Katha Mari

Kalam Mari Katha Mari () is a 1987 Malayalam film directed by M. Krishnan Nair, written by Devan. V. and starring Mammootty, Shobhana, Adoor Bhasi, and Lalu Alex. The film was produced by T. E. Vasudevan.
Plot.
Ummu Kholzu (Shobhana) is married to Kamarudeen (Mammootty), whose both hands are paralyzed. Ummu, hailing from a poor background had to marry him, hailing from a rich and aristocrat family against her wishes. She was in love with Razzak (Lalu Alex), her neighbor, but her father (Thilakan)objected to their relationship and made her married to Kamarudeen. After the marriage, she had to undergo severe mental torture and insults from both her father in law and sister in law. Fed up after seeing her sufferings, Kamarudeen leaves his house along with her and shifts to her house. At her house, Kamar discovers Ummu's past affair with Razak and becomes suspicious. In the mean time, Razak's wife dies of an accident. Kamar realizes his mistake and decides to save Ummu's life as he believes that Razzak is more suitable for her. Kamar giver her talaq and shifts to his house. There his father asks him to take back Ummu along with him. But Razzak and Ummu gets engaged. Ummu was ready to accept Razzak this time as for her Kamar is her husband. She leaves her home on the day of marriage and commits suicide. Kamar seeing her jumbing from a cliff to the waterfalls also slips and fell inside while saving her.

</doc>
<doc id="31186862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186862" title="Baseball in Palau">
Baseball in Palau

The sport of baseball is widely played in Palau, having been introduced by the Japanese during their occupation of the island nation. The highest level of league play in Palau in represented by Palau Major League (PML), which is overseen by the Belau Baseball Federation. The country is represented in international play by the Palau national baseball team.
The PML plays its games at the Asahi Field in Koror during a season lasting from January to April. No admission fee is charged for games. As of 2002 there were seven teams in the PML in one division. 
History.
1914-1944: Japanese Occupation.
Baseball was first brought to Palau by the Japanese, who annexed the islands from Germany in 1914 and controlled them until losing the Battle of Peleliu in November 1944. One noted early promoter of baseball on the islands was Motoji Kono, who worked for the Imperial Japanese government on Palau from 1922 to 1929. He is credited with a foundational role in Palauan baseball for his work teaching Palauan men the basic skill sets and rules necessary to play the game, as well as being an energetic promoter of the sport, primarily from 1925 onwards. Most Palauan players in the 1920s were employed with the Japanese administration on the island.
In 1927 and 1928, a team of top Palauan players dubbed the "All Palau Team" played an annual series against a team composed of Japanese administrators. Although the Japanese won the first series, the All Palau team took 1928 match, leading the Japanese to segregate baseball on the island so that Palauans and Japanese players competed amongst themselves but not against each other.
1945-1959: PML's Early Years.
American soldiers who occupied Palau at the end of and following World War II further promoted the game on the island. American soldiers provided endurance training and helped develop the islanders' pitching and fielding, particularly working to cultivate their infield skills.
The PML was founded in 1947, with the league culminating in the All-Palau Baseball Championship. A team from Peleliu was dominant in the postwar years, winning seven titles between 1947 and 1957. Peleliu suffered a notable defeat in the 1955 All-Palau Baseball Championship to a team of students from Koror Intermediate School.
1960-1969: First International Success.
Peleliu won three championships in the 1960s: in 1960, 1961 and 1969. The team hasn't won a PML championship since 1969. In 1962, the Airai Comets won the PML championship for the first time, defeating the Ngardmau Cardinals. In the same year, a team of Palauan all-stars secured the nation's first success in international competition, winning a three game set against a team of Guamanian all-stars 2-0. Palau was the visiting team for the series, which was held at Chief Quipuha Park.
The team was a sensation upon its arrival in Palau, where they were hosted at the Kebtol'l Bai (double bai) in Koror. Bai is the local Palauan name for the steep-roofed shelter built as a meeting place for the village elders. Chiefs from all the clans in Palau were present for a feast held in the team's honor.
In 1963, Palau Vocational School defeated Ngardmau to become the first student team to win the All-Palau Championship since 1955. The 1963 trophy is still kept in the trophy case at Palau Community College (PCC).
An team of Palauan all-stars participated in further international competition in 1963, defeating a team from Xavier High School on Chuuk and winning a three game series against a team of Pohnpei all-stars, two games to one. The final game narrowly avoided a rainout that would have led to a Pohnpei victory as Palau only pulled ahead in the late innings. As such, much credit for the victory was given to the Palauan team magician for overcoming the spells of the Pohnpeiian magician.
For the 1966 season, the PML contained ten teams divided into two, five team leagues. The Palau League contained Palau High School, Melekeok, Ngaremlengui, Peleliu A, and Airai. The Territorial League contained the Ngaraard Red Torch, Ngiwal, Koror, Aimeliik, and Peleliu B. However, the number and identity of the teams that participated in the PML varied significantly from year to year.
The Ngardmau Cardinals won the 1967 All Palau Baseball Championship, defeating team Asahi. The team won again in 1968, and went on to defeat a team of Palauan all-stars in the same year. The PML had 7 teams in one division for the 1968 season. The competing teams were the Cardinals, Asahi, the Red Torch, Ngarametal, Ngarabelod, Ngarchelong and Peleliu. Peleliu won the 1969 championship, going 8-2 over the course of the regular season. The Palauan National Baseball Team participated in the 1969 Micronesian Olympic Games in Saipan.
1970-1979: Red Torch Dominate.
There are few existing records chronicling the PML in the 1970s, but the Red Torch appear to have dominated the decade. The team won the All-Palau Baseball Championship in 1970, 1973, 1974, 1976, 1977, 1978 and 1979. Meyuns won the championship in 1971, and Palau High School won in 1972. Meyuns repeated in 1975. Asahi field also underwent a renovation at some point the 1970s that included covered bleachers.
In 1973, a lawsuit was brought forth by the team from Ngaremlengui against the Aimeliik team for a game that Ngaremlengui won in the bottom of the ninth that the manager of the Aimeliik team felt should have concluded in the top of the ninth due to time limitations. The Parks Board ruled in favor of Aimeliik, leading Ngaremlengui to file suit against the decision.
1980-1989: Rise of the Airai Aces.
The 1981 PML season was canceled to allow the Palauan national team time to prepare for the 1981 Ambassadors Memorial Baseball Tournament in Guam. The tournament was played from May 22 to May 31, and in addition to the team from Palau included the Ponape All-Stars, who represented all the Federated States of Micronesia, Athletes in Action Ambassadors, the University of Guam Tritons, and the APL Los Amigos, that year's champions of the Island Baseball League in Guam. Palau's team lost in the semi-finals, with Los Amigos winning the tournament.
The Airai Aces won every championship between 1982 and 1989 save for 1986. Peleliu opted to forfeit the third game of the 1982 championship after dropping the first two games, and lost to Airai in the 1982 championship as well. Ngerbeches overcame Airai in the 1986 PML championship series, winning the set 3-2. As of 1989, there were five teams in the PML in one division.
1990-1999: Aces Continue to Dominate.
The Airai Aces' success conintued into the 1990s, with the team taking the PML Championship outright in 1990, 1992, 1994, 1995, and 1996, and splitting the championship with Ngerbeched in 1991. Ngerbeched won the PML Finals in 1993 and 1997. A joint Ngerbeched-Ngerbeches team was the 1998 PML champion.
Palau's national team took the gold medal for baseball in the 1990 Micronesian Games in Saipan, beating Guam 8-0 in the final, and in the 1998 Games held in Palau. Palau took the bronze in baseball in the 1994 Micronesian Games. The 1999 PML season was cut short to allow Palau's athletes to train for the South Pacific Games, in which Palau finished 5th in baseball.
2000-Present: Koror wins First Title.
The PML had seven teams in one division for the 2000 season. Ngerbeched was the 2000 PML champion, the team's third title in a row (not including the shortened 1999 season for which no champion was announced). Ngerbeched repeated in 2001, narrowly defeating Aimeliik in the finals. Airai returned to form to take the 2002, 2003 and 2004 titles,
Koror defeated Ngerbeched to win the first PML title in the team's 60-year history in 2005. The team repeated in 2006, defeating Airai in the finals. Airai took the 2007 PML championship by defeating PCC four games to two in a seven-game championship series. Ngerbeched won the 2008 PML season.
A team of Palauan youths aged 16 to 18 years took second placed in baseball in the inaugural 2004 Oceania AAA Baseball Tournament, held in Palau. Palau's national team took the gold in baseball in the 2007 Pacific Games in Samoa, finishing the tournament unbeaten with an 8-0 record, though the championship game was canceled due to rain.
The national baseball team took the bronze in baseball in the 2002 and 2006 Micronesian Games. However, Palau rebounded to take the gold medal in the 2010 Micronesian Games in Palau, defeating a team from the Northern Mariana Islands 7 to 3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31186864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186864" title="ARK Music Factory">
ARK Music Factory

Ark Music Factory is a musical composition and production company based in Los Angeles, California. The company was co-founded in 2010 by Patrice Wilson, who partnered with producer/composer and multi-instrumentalist Clarence Jey. 
In May 2011, Jey left Ark Music Factory to focus on his own production company Music Intersection. Later in 2011, Patrice Wilson established his own enterprise, Pato Music World.
Business.
Patrice Wilson co-founded Ark Music Factory in 2010; Wilson is also the CEO of the company.
Ark's business centers on the recruitment/discovery of new young singers. The artists (or their parents) pay a $2,000 to $4,000 fee to Ark, and Ark then writes and produces music in collaboration with these artists, often producing music videos and promotion of the songs. The singer owns the master recording, and Ark retains publishing rights to the song and all the sales from the song.
They state that their main objectives are to bring aspiring acts to the musical fore: "We at Ark make it possible for an emerging artist to be discovered, defined and delivered, to advance in their chosen career and be successful." Ark is predominantly based in the US, although they claim that artists they have supported have had success in different regions across the globe.
Ark's Facebook page claims to be creating a community where artists from all fields can come together to build connections and interact. Their website also claims that their dedicated team has industry professionals who have worked with Miley Cyrus, the Backstreet Boys, and Ashley Tisdale. Wilson has rebuffed claims of exploitation, claiming that the company provides a relatively inexpensive entry into the pop market for artists:
"I'm getting a lot of criticism saying I'm exploiting rich kids and their parents," says Wilson, "but find me another company that would do all this at a cost this low. I don't promise anyone fame. In fact, if someone approaches me with their only goal to ‘get famous,' I tell them they're not in this for the right reasons."
The staff of Ark Music Factory includes Patrice Wilson (also known with the name Pato for his various acts) who is the founder of the company, CEO and Sri Lankan / Australian record producer, songwriter and co-founder and producer, Clarence Jey. At Ark, Jey writes the music and Wilson writes the lyrics. Ian Hotchkiss and Chris Lowe are the video directors.
Rebecca Black and "Friday".
In March 2011, Ark gained notoriety through a viral video when one of their songs, Rebecca Black's "Friday" (which also includes rapping by Wilson) unexpectedly became an Internet meme—most heralding it as potentially "the worst song ever". According to the British newspaper "The Independent", Black trended high on Twitter, after the release. The song has been viewed almost 65 million times on YouTube. The video was removed from YouTube for a time due to copyright claims from Black's family but has been reinstated. Mirrors of it remain available.
Wilson posted two music responses about "Friday" and the controversy it created. The first was posted on March 13, 2011 entitled "Friday (Rap Remix)"written and produced by Wilson and Jey, the second on April 4, 2011 entitled "Say What You Wanna Say"[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bus6a5oHqhM written by Wilson and Kustom. Both songs address some of the most common grievances against the song and the way Ark runs its business. Both these postings have received negative attention as well.
"One Week to Hit Big: Pop Star".
Wilson and his Ark Music Factory team appeared in "One Week to Hit It Big: Pop Star" the ABC (American Broadcasting Company) show "Good Morning America" (GMA) one-week special feature. After auditions of tens of candidates, Lexi St. George was chosen for the GMA challenge of trying to make a viral star in one week. She recorded the song "Dancing to the Rhythm" written for the show and made a music video that was broadcast on the program on June 30, 2011. The song was also used for Wowwee's Paper Jamz Pro microphones promotional ads.
"Ark Star".
Ark Music Factory is planning another nationwide online talent search and finalists will be chosen from online submissions, the company said in a statement. The contest named "Ark Star" began on July 22, 2011 offers eligible contestants the chance to win their own custom song, music video, and artist promotion by Ark Music Factory.

</doc>
<doc id="31186868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186868" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Grady County, Georgia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grady County, Georgia

This is a list of properties and districts in Grady County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).

</doc>
<doc id="31186905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186905" title="Joseph Auty Harley">
Joseph Auty Harley

Joseph Auty Harley (1843 – 9 July 1906) was Mayor of Nelson, New Zealand from 20 December 1899 to 1901 when he was succeeded by Henry Baigent. 
Early life.
Harley was born in Nelson in 1843, being the son of an early pioneer Charles Harley. He was educated at Nelson College. He married and had a son and a daughter.
Career.
Harley first worked in the Resident Magistrate's office in 1858. By November 1863 he was appointed deputy clerk to the District Court and assistant clerk to the Magistrates Court. He held this position for some considerable time. Harley also acted as collector of the sheep and dog tax,and education rates. In 1868 Harley was made clerk to the Resident Magistrates Court, and a year later he received the appointment of Deputy-Registrar of the Supreme Court, and Returning Officer. Also in 1869 he was appointed Provincial Accountant, a position he held for twelve years. In 1871 he left the Government service to enter into business as a brewer, an occupation he continued in until his death. 
Community activities.
Harley also took a very keen interest in sport, was Treasurer of the Nelson Jockey Club, President of the Nelson Trotting Club, Vice-President of the Nelson Rugby Union, and served on a number of other athletic bodies. He was also a volunteer fireman for a time.
He also a Chair of both the Foresters and Oddfellows Lodges. He joined the Masonic Brotherhood and was a member of the Southern Star Lodge, No 739.
Local government.
Harley was a Councillor and later for twenty years from 29 September 1881 to 1901. He held the office of Mayor from 1899 to 1901. Harley was first elected for the Waimea Ward, along with Edward Everett and William Akersten.
Death.
Harley died after a period of illness at his residence in Trafalgar Square, at 6.30pm on 9 July 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="31186945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186945" title="Punchbuggy (band)">
Punchbuggy (band)

Punchbuggy was an Pop punk band formed in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada in 1994. The band released four full length albums. Their song "Lucky Me, Lucky You" appeared in Tom Green movie Freddy Got Fingered.
History.
Punchbuggy formed in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada in 1994.
Punchbuggy was a high-energy Power-Pop band with a punky edge that was labeled as Canada's hardest working band. Having toured Canada, the United States and Europe, the band did little to dismiss the title. In addition to several singles and compilations, they have three CD releases under their collective belts: All Nite Christian Rollerskate (Shake/Warner), Grand Opening Going Out Of Business Sale (Shake/Warner), My Norwegian Cousin (Sour/Sony Music Canada) and The Great Divide (Boss Tuneage). This music is lively and splashed with euphonious vocals and crunchy guitars with little angst and no geopolitical references. The band likes to have fun and it comes across in their music. Their power-pop-punk charged songs and energetic live show has created a name for themselves coast to coast. Punchbuggy is: Andrew Kieran (vocals, guitar), Jim Bryson (guitar, vocals), Darren Hore (vocals, bass), and Adam Ludeckie (drums). The core members of the band (Hore, Luedicke and Kieran) have known each other since their school days growing up in the northern Ontario town of Elliot Lake. They used to play in a band called Uncommon Society, featured on the Ottawa compilation Plug! Uncommon Society was Darryl Orser, Adam Luedicke, Jean Belanger, Andrew Kieran and Darren Hore. Soon afterward came Punchbuggy. In 1997, Bryson left the band to pursue a solo career and was replaced by Bryan Curry. In September 1999, they won the Born on the WWW contest sponsored by MusicDirect and IUMA and subsequently flown to California for the webcast of the awards ceremony, where the band played with Offspring and No Doubt. The track "Cletus" from the 1996 CD, Grand Opening Going Out Of Business Sale is featured on a PlayStation title: RoadRash: Jailbreak and "Smash It Up" appears in the Roy Scheider film "Silverwolf". The song "Lucky Me, Lucky You" appeared in Tom Green movie Freddy Got Fingered.
Musical Style and Influences.
Punchbuggy was influenced by various styles, most notably Alternative Rock, Pop Punk and Power-Pop (Doughboys, Goo Goo Dolls, Hüsker Dü, Pat Benatar, All, Kiss, Cheap Trick).

</doc>
<doc id="31186948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186948" title="John G. Haskell">
John G. Haskell

John Gideon Haskell (February 5, 1832-November 25, 1907) is an architect who designed portions of the Kansas State Capitol and other public buildings in the state.
Haskell was born in Milton, Vermont. His father in 1854 moved to Lawrence, Kansas with the New England Emigrant Aid Company. He was attending Brown University at the time and had an architect job in Boston. His father died in 1857 and he moved to Kansas where he remained for the rest of his life.
He joined the Union army during the American Civil War. After the war he was named official state architect and as such finished the work on the Kansas State Capitol.

</doc>
<doc id="31186955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186955" title="Great Northern Conference">
Great Northern Conference

The Great Northern Conference is a high school athletic conference in the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association. It comprises seven teams from Marathon, Taylor, Lincoln, Oneida, Langlade and Vilas counties in Northern Wisconsin. The Conference was formed in 2008 with former Lumberjack members Lakeland, Medford, Northland Pines and Tomahawk, Cloverbelt member Mosinee, and Wisconsin Valley's Antigo and Merrill. In 2010, Merrill returned to the Wisconsin Valley conference and Rhinelander took its place.
Conference Champions.
Football
Volleyball
Girls Swimming
Boys Soccer
Boys Cross Country
Girls Cross Country
Girls Tennis
Girls Basketball
Boys Basketball
Wrestling
Girls Hockey
Boys Hockey
Gymnastics
Boys Swimming
Baseball
Softball
Girls Track
Boys Track
Girls Soccer
Boys Golf
Boys Tennis

</doc>
<doc id="31186957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186957" title="2002–03 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team">
2002–03 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team

The 2002–03 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team represented Gonzaga University in the NCAA men's Division I competition.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2003 West Coast Conference Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31186995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31186995" title="Fella Ababsa">
Fella Ababsa

Fella Ababsa (April 23, 1961) is a Algerian singer, pianist and performer. She's well-known under the name Fella Fulla, or simply Fulla.
Biography [http://ahlasoot.com/biography.asp?ID=48].
Fella Ababsa was born in the Paris suburb of Plaine Saint Denis, then moved to Algeria with her family a couple of years later. She comes from a well-known Algerian artistic family. Her father Abdelhamid Ababsa was a poet, musician and singer. Her brother Najeeb is a popular singer and so is her sister Naima.
From a very young age she was surrounded by Andalousian and Algerian music, and learnt the piano and the Oud as well as other musical instruments. At 15 years old, she joined musical groups in the capital, then aged 20 she left for a series of shows in London where she had built up publicity and stayed for several years and perfected her knowledge of oriental music. She also performed in the United States in the early 1990s.
Though she's Algerian she often sings in Egyptian-Arabic, as she never could get popularity in the Maghreb, she went later on to Egypt and the Middle-East and with success. However Ababsa's first songs were sung in Algerian-Arabic, she also sings occasionally in English, like in 'Rani Jay' (English translation: 'I Am Coming'). Probably the most obvious point about her is that she never sung in French, which is widely used by North-African artists and even more by raï-singers.

</doc>
<doc id="31187033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187033" title="Parti marxiste–léniniste du Québec candidates, 1989 Quebec provincial election">
Parti marxiste–léniniste du Québec candidates, 1989 Quebec provincial election

The Parti marxiste–léniniste du Québec fielded thirty candidates in the 1989 Quebec provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Candidates.
Dorion: Francine Tremblay.
Francine Tremblay ran for the Marxist-Leninist Party in four federal elections and two provincial elections.
Viger: Catherine Commandeur.
Catherine Commandeur was a physician who specialized in environmental workplace health. Her name is listed on the Marxist-Leninist party's Ottawa memorial. Commandeur was presumably related to Caroline Commandeur-Laloux, who has also sought election as a Marxist-Leninist candidate in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="31187045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187045" title="Daniel Clasen">
Daniel Clasen

Daniel Clasen, in Latin Danielis Clasenius or Clasenus (1 May 1622, Lüneburg – 20 November 1678, Helmstedt), was a German political theorist, religious scholar, and classicist.
His treatises, written in Latin, dealt with law, jurisprudence, religion, and politics. Clasen was one of the earliest theorists of political religion, though preceded by Tommaso Campanella (1568–1639), and argued against accommodation theory.
Clasen was a major mythographer of the 17th century, and wrote commentaries on classical texts such as the so-called "Tablet of Cebes" "(Cebetis Tabula vitae humanae)", for which he provided a Latin translation.
Works.
Clasen's works include:

</doc>
<doc id="31187052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187052" title="Ithaca Discovery Trail">
Ithaca Discovery Trail

The Ithaca Discovery Trail is a collaboration among hands-on museums and the public library in Tompkins County, New York. Its member institutions are: Cayuga Nature Center, Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Cornell Plantations, Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art, Museum of the Earth, Sciencenter, The History Center of Tompkins County, and Tompkins County Public Library.
History.
Prior to the founding of the Discovery Trail, museums worked together informally on joint promotions. In 1999, the Ithaca Discovery Trail was established using a grant to fund a part-time coordinator. It was incorporated in 2007 and gained a Section 501(c)(3) tax exemption in 2008.
In 2005, the Discovery Trail began the "Kids Discover the Trail!" (KDT) project with the Ithaca Public Education Initiative and Ithaca City School District (ICSD). KDT connects the eight ICSD elementary schools with the eight Discovery Trail institutions by providing curriculum-based field trips and instructional materials. About 2,900 students participate each year.
Programs.
The Discovery Trail cross-promotes the eight member institutions which form a "33-mile loop of exploration." The Discovery Trail promotes the "Ithaca Discovery Trail" as a distinctive brand that links the member institutions, and the Discovery Trail conducts the co-marketing effort among its eight members, which includes:
The Discovery Trail carries out joint events, programs, and exhibitions and works closely with the Tompkins County Convention & Visitors Bureau. The Discovery Trail also maintains a joint calendar of events.
The Discovery Trail is funded by the Tompkins County Strategic Tourism Board and by member contributions.

</doc>
<doc id="31187093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187093" title="Nuestra Belleza Veracruz">
Nuestra Belleza Veracruz

Nuestra Belleza Veracruz is a pageant in Veracruz, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
The State Organization has produced one Nuestra Belleza Mundo México titleholder in 2012 with Marilyn Chagoya.
Nuestra Belleza Veracruz is located at number 12 with a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Veracruz, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Veracruz contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México. Some have placed higher than the actual State winners.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31187111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187111" title="Singularity (song)">
Singularity (song)

"Singularity" is a single by Bright Eyes, released in February 2011 alongside their album "The People's Key".

</doc>
<doc id="31187112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187112" title="Maxim Mironov">
Maxim Mironov

Maxim Mironov (born in 1981 in Tula, Russia) is an operatic tenor, best known for his interpretation of the bel canto repertoire. After graduating from the Moscow Gnessin State Musical College in 2004 he joined the Helikon Opera Theatre in Moscow. Mironov's international career was launched by his winning the competition "Neue Stimmen" in Germany.
He has collaborated with such conductors as Alberto Zedda, Donato Renzetti, Bruno Campanella, Evelino Pidò, Vladimir Jurowski, Michele Mariotti, Claudio Scimone, Jesus Lopez-Cobos, Giuliano Carella, Gianandrea Noseda and Riccardo Frizza.<br>
The stage directors who he worked with include Pier Luigi Pizzi, Dario Fo, T. Servillo, G. Del Monaco, Daniele Abbado, I. Brook, Sir Peter Hall and S. Vizioli.
He has performed the stages of the world including Teatro La Fenice in Venice, Teatro Real Madrid, Théâtre des Champs-Élysées Paris, Théatre de la Monnaie in Brussels, Japan Opera Foundation in Tokyo, Los Angeles Opera, Las Palmas Opera, Vlaamse Opera in Antwerp, Théatre de Luxembourg, Teatro Massimo in Palermo, Teatro Petruzzelli of Bari, Teatro di San Carlo in Naples.<br>
He has participated in Glyndebourne Festival, Rossini Festival in Pesaro, Rossini in Wildbad Festival, the Festival of Stresa and the Aix en-Provence Festival.
Discography.
Maxim Mironov has numerous recordings on CD and DVD for Dynamic, Bongiovanni, Bel Air Classic, Naxos and Opus Arte.
-La Cenerentola, Rossini, (2011, DVD) "as Don Ramiro", <br> with José Maria Lo Monaco, Maxim Mironov, Paolo Bordogna, Roberto de Candia Nicola Ulivieri, director Evelino Pidò; "Dynamic"
-La Donna del lago, Rossini (2008, CD) "as Uberto/Giacomo V" Lorenzo Regazzo, Carmen Giannatasio, Maxim Mironov, Annarita Gemmabella; La Fenice Theatre Orchestra, director Claudio Scimone; "Dynamic"
-Pierre le Grand, Gretry (2003, DVD) "Title role" Maxim Mironov, Elena Voznessenskaya, Nikolai Galin, Chorus and Orchestra of Helikon Opera; director Sergey Stadler; "Arthaus"
-Opera and Ballet Highlights, "The Blu-Ray Experience" (DVD) "Opus Arte"
Selected Repertoire.
Adam: Le Postillon de Lonjumeau
Donizetti: La Fille du Regiment (Tonio)
Gluck: Orphée et Eurydice
Mozart:
Cosi' fan tutte (Ferrando),
Entfuhrung aus dem Serail (Belmonte),
Mitridate (Marzio)
Orff: Carmina Burana
Rameau: Castor et Pollux
Rimski Korsakov: The Golden Cockerel (Zvezdochyot)
Rossini:
Il Barbiere di Siviglia (Almaviva),
Il Turco in Italia (Narciso),
L'Italiana in Algeri (Lindoro),
La Cenerentola (Don Ramiro),
Le Comte Ory (Title role),
Otello (Rodrigo),
Il Viaggio a Reims (Libenskoff),
Messa di Gloria,
Petite messe solennelle,
Stabat Mater<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31187115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187115" title="Dalmau de Queralt, Count of Santa Coloma">
Dalmau de Queralt, Count of Santa Coloma

Dalmau de Queralt i de Codina, Count of Santa Coloma () (Unknown – 7 June 1640, Barcelona), was a Catalan noble, viceroy of Catalonia between 1638 and 1640, who was assassinated by Catalan rebels at the beginning of the Catalan Revolt.
Biography.
Dalmau was the son of Pere de Queralt and Icart Cardona i Luyando, first Count of Santa Coloma, and his wife Maria Codina.
He was named viceroy in 1638 by Philip IV, after the resignation of Enrique de Aragón Folc de Cardona y Córdoba. During the years 1639 and 1640 he participated in the campaigns of Roussillon against the French as the adjutant of Filippo Espínola, generalissimo of the armies of the Spanish monarchy on the frontier with France, in the framework of the Thirty Years War.
His greatest victory was the Siege of Salses.

</doc>
<doc id="31187119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187119" title="Asian Pacific Thematic Historic District">
Asian Pacific Thematic Historic District

The Asian Pacific Thematic Historic District (APTHD), San Diego's historic Chinatown, is an eight-block district adjacent to and in part overlapping with the Gaslamp Quarter Historic District. The APTHD is bounded by Market Street on the north, 2nd Ave. on the west, 6th Ave. on the east and J St. on the south. 22 structures are considered historically contributing.
History.
San Diego's Chinatown began in the area in the 1860s, settled by abalone fishermen. The area was once a thriving Chinatown full of Chinese and Chinese-Americans, who were not allowed to live in other sections of the city. However, the area no longer has an especially large Chinese or Asian population. After the repeal of the Chinese Exclusion Act in 1943 (which banned them from becoming citizens and owning property), and after returning from service in World War II, Chinese-Americans moved to other areas of San Diego.
The City of San Diego designated the area a historic district in 1987. 
A "makeover" by the Centre City Development Corporation is scheduled for completion in 2012.
Architecture and Contributing Buildings.
The 22 contributing structures date from 1883-1930. Contribution is based on their relation in the Asian (mostly Chinese) community. Buildings include the San Diego Chinese Historical Museum and the San Diego Chinese Center.
The San Diego Chinese HIstorical Museum was built in 1927 elsewhere and was originally a Chinese consulate. It was moved to its present location in 1996. Murray K. Lee, curator of the museum, is as of January 2011 preparing a book about the history of Chinatown.

</doc>
