<doc id="31100365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100365" title="2011 Frankfurt Airport shooting">
2011 Frankfurt Airport shooting

The 2011 Frankfurt Airport shooting occurred on 2 March 2011 at Frankfurt Airport in Germany. The shooter, Arid Uka, was arrested and charged with killing two United States airmen and seriously wounding two others. He was sentenced to life in prison on 10 February 2012.
The shooting was the first deadly attack in Germany in which the perpetrator had an Islamist background.
Shooting.
According to the German investigators, Uka targeted a United States Air Force bus parked outside the terminal building that was supposed to transport fifteen U.S. airmen to Ramstein Air Base. He reportedly walked up to a waiting airman, asked him for a cigarette, and wanted to know whether the airmen were bound for Afghanistan. When the airman said yes, according to German prosecutor Rainer Griesbaum, Uka waited for the airman to turn away and then shot him in the back of the head, killing him. Shouting "Allahu Akbar!" the attacker then entered the bus, shooting and killing the driver, and continued to fire three shots at two other airmen, wounding them. When he pointed his pistol at the head of another airman and pulled the trigger, the weapon jammed. Uka fled, but was pursued by the civilian airport employee Lamar Joseph Conner and Staff Sergeant Trevor Donald Brewer and shortly afterwards overpowered by two German police officers. He was subsequently arrested.
The two victims killed in the shooting were Senior Airman Nicholas Alden, 25, of South Carolina and Airman First Class Zachary Cuddeback, 21, of Virginia. Staff Sgt. Kristoffer Schneider was shot in the right temple and lost his sight in one eye. The right side of his face had to be rebuilt with titanium, and he suffers head pain and seizures. Part of his skull also had to be removed after an infection. Edgar Veguilla was hit in the jaw and arm and suffered nerve damage.
Conner and Brewer later received the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in a ceremony on 16 January 2012. Federal Interior Minister Hans-Peter Friedrich presented the decoration, citing their "exemplary courage and action which helped the Federal Police arrest the suspect".
Perpetrator.
Arid Uka, the 21-year-old perpetrator, had not been previously known to German authorities. He was described in media reports as an ethnic Albanian from Kosovo and a devout Muslim, whose family had been living in Germany for 40 years. He had been working at the airport post office.
According to German authorities, Uka confessed to the killings when interrogated after the shooting. He reportedly insisted that he had acted alone and was not a member of a terrorist group, but his Facebook page was reported to indicate contacts to Islamists from the Salafist movement, including Sheikh Abdellatif, a noted Moroccan Islamist preacher living in Germany. "Der Spiegel" reported that evidence held by German and United States authorities was claimed to link Uka to Islamist groups in Germany.
Uka told investigators that a YouTube video showing American soldiers raping Muslim women motivated him to commit the shooting. The interior minister of the federal state of Hesse said that Uka had apparently been radicalized over the past few weeks.
Trial.
German prosecutors charged Arid Uka with two counts of murder and three counts of attempted murder. On trial before the "Oberlandesgericht" Frankfurt am Main in August 2011, Uka confessed to committing the shooting. He said that he was radicalized by jihadist propaganda videos, but apologized for what he did, adding that today he could not understand how he could have acted this way.
Uka was sentenced to life in prison on 10 February 2012. The court found that his guilt was particularly severe, which means that he will not be eligible for parole after having served fifteen years.

</doc>
<doc id="31100397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100397" title="Arid Uka">
Arid Uka

Arid Uka (born 8 February 1990) is a Muslim Kosovo Albanian from Frankfurt am Main, Hesse, Germany. On 2 March 2011, he murdered two U.S. airmen and severely wounded two others at Frankfurt Airport. This incident is considered to be the first successful assassination in Germany with an Islamist background.
Background.
Since 1991, Uka has lived in Germany, where his family settled for four decades. His grandfather is a Kosovo-Albanian imam, while his parents and two brothers are considered to have a secular lifestyle. It was reported that Uka prayed five times a day, and when he was working for Deutsche Post at Frankfurt Airport, he was prompted not to pray during his shift.
He was described as an excellent pupil in school, but had frequent absences due to psychological problems. In 2005, his class was invited to the German Chancellery in Berlin when they won a prize for a school project about violence prevention in society. On the occasion, a photo was made which shows Uka next to German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder. Uka left school before his university-entrance diploma, but didn't tell his family. Instead, he told them that he had finished the diploma successfully. His family members, former friends, and one of his employers described him as introverted, polite, and not aggressive. Months before the shooting, Uka broke ties to all his friends and retreated. During this time, he was extensively surfing the web visiting websites with jihadist content.
Contacts.
Via the internet, Uka managed to establish contact with Sheik Abdellatif of the so-called Da'wa group, who preached in two mosques in Frankfurt. The Salafi mosque of these two is considered as a meeting-point for radical Islamists. Several well-known Islamists have been seen there.
Shooting.
Shouting ""Allahu Akbar"" ("God is great"), Uka fired with a pistol on unarmed United States Air Force airmen and the driver of an Air Force bus that was waiting at a terminal of Frankfurt Airport. The bus was a shuttle service for U.S. soldiers who were formerly stationed at Royal Air Force Lakenheath in the United Kingdom and intended to be forwarded to Ramstein Air Base in Rhineland-Palatinate.
The first airmen had already boarded the bus, while others still waited to do so. Uka first shot an airman in the back of the head as he climbed the bus stairs, and then the bus driver behind the steering wheel after screaming, ""Allahu Akbar""; both shooting victims died. Uka next entered the bus and fired at other passengers, severely wounding two. Then, as he was about to shoot Sergeant Trevor Donald Brewer, who was trying to cover himself between seat rows, his pistol jammed. Uka left the bus and tried to flee inside a terminal, but he was pursed by Brewer and an American airport employee, Lamar Joseph Conner. Inside the terminal, German Bundespolizei was able to catch the assassin. Brewer and Conner later were honoured with the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Motivations.
According to investigations, the motivation for the shooting was a video of YouTube, which showed U.S. soldiers raping Iraqi Muslim women. Uka was convinced that the video was genuine, but it was revealed that the video was a clip taken from "Redacted", an American movie based on the Mahmudiyah massacre. On the internet, Uka posted on several Islamist forums, later claiming that through the content and the discussions in these forums, he came to the belief that his Muslim fellows were in global war with the United States.
Trial.
During Uka's trial, his defense lawyer described him as a non-typical violent criminal who is neither religiously motivated nor an Islamist terrorist, while the Attorney General of Germany named Uka as a single perpetrator, which was applied for a sentence of life imprisonment plus a finding of "exceptional gravity of guilt". The Hessian High Court (Oberlandesgericht Frankfurt am Main) decided on 10 February 2012 to act on the applications filed by the Attorney General of Germany. Uka was sentenced to life imprisonment with the determination of an "exceptional gravity of guilt", which mandates that he be extradited to Kosovo since he does not hold a German citizenship. He was later sentenced to a fine of more than three years in a German prison.

</doc>
<doc id="31100420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100420" title="Argentines of European descent">
Argentines of European descent

Argentine people of European descent belong to several communities which trace their origins to various migrations from Europe, and which have contributed to the country's cultural and demographic variety. They are the descendants of colonists from Spain during the colonial period prior to 1810, or in the majority of cases, of Italians, Spanish and other Europeans who arrived in the great immigration wave from the mid 19th to the mid 20th centuries, and who largely intermarried among their many nationalities during and after this wave. No recent Argentine census has included comprehensive questions on ethnicity, although numerous studies have determined that Argentines of European descent have been a majority in the country since 1914.
Distribution.
Argentines of European descent may live in any part of the country, though their proportion varies according to region. Due to the fact that the main entry point for European immigrants was the Port of Buenos Aires, they settled mainly in the central-eastern region known as the Pampas (the provinces of Buenos Aires, Santa Fe, Córdoba, Entre Ríos and La Pampa), Their presence in the northern region is less evident due to several reasons: it was the most densely populated region of the country (mainly by Amerindian and Mestizo people) until the immigratory wave of 1857 to 1940, and it was the area where the European newcomers settled the least. During the last decades, due to internal migration from these northern provinces, and due to immigration especially from Bolivia, Perú and Paraguay (which have Amerindian and Mestizo majorities), the percentage of European Argentines in certain areas of the Greater Buenos Aires, and the provinces of Salta and Jujuy has significantly decreased as well.
Estimates.
Neither official census data nor statistically significant studies exist on the precise amount or percentage of Argentines of European descent today. The Argentine government recognizes the different communities, but Argentina's National Institute of Statistics and Censuses (INDEC) does not conduct ethnic/racial censuses, nor includes questions about ethnicity. The Census conducted on 27 October 2010, did include questions on Indigenous peoples (complementing the survey performed in 2005) and on Afro-descendants.
A detailed study on the ethnic composition of Latin America, written by Mexican UAEM scholar Francisco Lizcano Fernández, and "Ethnic Groups Worldwide: A Ready Reference Handbook", written by David Levinson, provide an estimate of 85% for people of Europeans origin in Argentina. The CIA World Factbook estimates Argentinians of European origin at 97%.
Genetic research.
Recent genetic studies concluded in 2005 have shown that a significant portion of the population has varying degrees of Amerindian and to a lesser extent African ancestry. The first study on the matter in Argentina was conducted in 1985. A scientific team from the University of Buenos Aires School of Medicine analyzed the blood types of 73,875 donors from the Blood Bank of the Policlínico Ferroviario Central, with the purpose of finding European and Amerindian genetic components. The samples were organized following a map of the country, and the study concluded that "the percentages found in native populación were: European component, 81.47%-81.77%, and Amerindian component 18.23%-18.57%."
Another study of the Amerindian ancestry of Argentines was headed by Argentine geneticist Daniel Corach of the University of Buenos Aires. The results of this study in which DNA from 320 individuals in 9 Argentine provinces was examined showed that 56% of these individuals had at least one Amerindian ancestor. Another study on African ancestry was also conducted by the University of Buenos Aires in the city of La Plata. In this study 4.3% of the 500 study participants were shown to have some degree of African ancestry. Nevertheless, it must be said here that this type of genetic studies -meant only to search for specific lineages in the mtDNA or in the Y-Chromosome, which do not recombine- may be misleading. For example, a person with seven European great-grandparents and only one Amerindian/Mestizo great-grandparent will be included in that 56%, although his/her phenotype will most probably be Caucasian.
A separate genetic study on genic admixture was conducted by Argentine and French scientists from multiple academic and scientific institutions (CONICET, UBA, Centres d'anthropologie de Toulouse). This study showed that the average contribution to Argentine ancestry was 79.9% European, 15.8% Amerindian and 4.3% African. Another similar study was conducted in 2006, and its results were also similar. A team led by Michael F. Seldin from the University of California, with members of scientific institutes from Argentina, the United States, Sweden and Guatemala, analyzed samples from 94 individuals and concluded that the average genetic structure of the Argentine population contains a 78.1% European contribution, 19.4% Amerindian contribution and 2.5% African contribution (using the Bayesian algorithm).
A team led by Daniel Corach conducted a new study in 2009, analyzing 246 samples from eight provinces and three different regions of the country. The results were as follows: the analysis of Y-Chromosome DNA revealed a 94.1% of European contribution (a little higher than the 90% of the 2005 study), and only 4.9% and 0.9% of Native American and Black African contribution, respectively. Mitochondrial DNA analysis again showed a great Amerindian contribution by maternal lineage, at 53.7%, with 44.3% of European contribution, and a 2% African contribution. The study of 24 autosomal markers also proved a large European contribution of 78.6%, against 17.3% of Amerindian and 4.1% Black African contributions. The samples were compared with three assumed parental populations, and the MDS analysis plot resulting showed that ""most of the Argentinean samples clustered with or closest to Europeans, some appeared between Europeans and Native Americans indicating some degree of genetic admixture between these two groups, three samples clustered close to Native Americans, and no Argentinean sampled appeared close to Africans"".
History.
Colonial and post-independence period.
The presence of European people in the Argentine territory began in 1516, when Spanish Conquistador Juan Díaz de Solís explored the Río de la Plata. In 1527, Sebastian Cabot founded the fort of "Sancti Spiritus", near Coronda, Santa Fe; this was the first Spanish settlement on Argentine soil. The process of Spanish occupation continued with expeditions coming from Upper Peru (present-day Bolivia), that founded Santiago del Estero in 1553, San Miguel de Tucumán in 1565 and Córdoba in 1573, and from Chile, which founded Mendoza in 1561 and San Juan in 1562. Other Spanish expeditions founded the cities of Santa Fe (1573), Buenos Aires (1580), and Corrientes (1588).
It was not until the creation of the Viceroyalty of Río de la Plata in 1776, that the first censuses with classification into "castas" were conducted. The 1778 Census ordered by viceroy Juan José de Vértiz in Buenos Aires revealed that, of a total population of 37,130 inhabitants, the Spaniards and Criollos numbered 25,451, or 68.55% of the total. Another census carried out in the Corregimiento de Cuyo in 1777 showed that the Spaniards and Criollos numbered 4,491 (or 51.24%) out of a population of 8,765 inhabitants. In Córdoba (city and countryside) the Spanish/Criollo people comprised 39.36% (about 14,170) of 36,000 inhabitants.
According to data from the Argentine government in 1810, about 6,000 Spanish lived in the territory of the United Provinces of Río de la Plata Spanish, of a total population of around 700,000 inhabitants. This small number indicates that the presence of people with European ancestors was very small, and a large number of Criollos were mixed with indigenous and African mothers, although the fact was often hidden; in this regard, for example, according to researcher José Ignacio García Hamilton the Liberator, José de San Martín, would be mestizo.
Nevertheless, these censuses were generally restricted to the cities and the surrounding rural areas, so little is known about the racial composition of large areas of the Viceroyalty, though it is supposed that Spaniards and Criollos were always a minority, with the other "castas" comprising the majority. It is worth noting that, since a person who was classified as "Peninsular" or "Criollo" had access to more privileges in the colonial society, many Castizos (resulting from the union of a Spanish and a "mestizo") purchased their "limpieza de sangre" ("purity of blood").
Although being a minority in demographics terms, the Criollo people played a leading role in the May Revolution of 1810, as well as in the independence of Argentina from the Spanish Empire in 1816. Argentine national heroes such as Manuel Belgrano and Juan Martín de Pueyrredón, military men as Cornelio Saavedra and Carlos María de Alvear, and politicians as Juan José Paso and Mariano Moreno were mostly Criollos of Spanish, Italian or French descent. The Second Triumvirate and the 1813 assembly enacted laws encouraging immigration, and instituted advertising campaigns and contract work programs among prospective immigrants in Europe.
The Minister of Government of Buenos Aires Province, Bernardino Rivadavia, established the Immigration Commission in 1824. He appointed Ventura Arzac to conduct a new Census in the city, and it showed these results: the city had 55,416 inhabitants, of which 40,000 were of European descent (about 72.2%); of this total of Whites, a 90% were Criollos, a 5% were Spaniards, and the other 5% were from other European nations.
After the wars for independence, a long period of internal struggle followed. During the period between 1826 and 1852, some Europeans settled in the country as well -sometimes hired by the local governments. Notable among them, Savoyan litographer Charles Pellegrini (President Carlos Pellegrini's father) and his wife Maria Bevans, Neapolitan journalist Pedro de Angelis, and German physician/zoologist Hermann Burmeister. Because of this long conflict, there were neither economic resources nor political stability to carry out any census until the 1850s, when some provincial censuses were organized. These censuses did not continue the classification into "castas" typical of the pre-independence period.
The administration of Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas, who had been given the sum of public power by other governors in the Argentine Confederation, maintained Rivadavia' Immigration Commission, which continued to advertise Agricultural colonies in Argentina among prospective European immigrants. Following Rosas' overthrow by Entre Ríos Province Governor Justo José de Urquiza, jurist and legal scholar Juan Bautista Alberdi was commissioned to prepare a draft for a new Constitution. His outline, "Bases and Starting Points for the Political Organization of the Argentine Republic", called the Federal Government to "promote European immigration," and this policy would be included as Article 25 of the Argentine Constitution of 1853.
The first post-independence census conducted in Buenos Aires took place in 1855; it showed that there were 26,149 European inhabitants in the city. Among the nationals there is no distinction of race, but it does distinguish literates from illiterates; at that time formal education was a privilege almost exclusive for the upper sectors of society, who were predominantly of European descent. Including European residents and the 21,253 Argentine literates, around 47,402 people of mainly European descent resided in Buenos Aires in 1855; they would have comprised about 51.6% of a total population of 91,895 inhabitants.
The great wave of immigration from Europe (1857–1940).
In February 1856, the municipal government of Baradero granted lands for the settlement of ten Swiss families in an agricultural colony near that town. Later that year, another colony was founded by Swiss immigrants in Esperanza, Santa Fe. These provincial initiatives remained isolated cases until differences between the Argentine Confederation and the State of Buenos Aires were resolved with the Battle of Pavón in 1861, and a strong central government could be established. Presidents Bartolomé Mitre (the victor at Pavón), Domingo Sarmiento and Nicolás Avellaneda implemented policies that encouraged massive European immigration. These were formalized with the 1876 Congressional approval of Law 817 of Immigration and Colonization, signed by President Avellaneda. During the following decades, and until the mid-20th century, waves of European settlers came to Argentina. Major contributors included Italy (initially from Piedmont, Veneto and Lombardy, later from Campania, Calabria, and Sicily), and Spain (most were Galicians and Basques), but there were Asturians.
Smaller but significant numbers of immigrants include those from France, Poland, Russia, Germany, Austria, Hungary, Croatia, England, Scotland, Ireland, Switzerland, Belgium, Denmark, and others. Europeans from the former Ottoman Empire were mainly Greek (Lebanese and Armenian immigrants arrived in larger numbers). The majority of Argentina's Jewish community descend from immigrants of Ashkenazi Jewish origin.
1) The exponential growth of the country's population. In the first National Census of 1869 the Argentine population was just 1,877,490 inhabitants, in 1895 it had doubled to 4,044,911, in 1914 it had reached 7,903,662, and by 1947 it had doubled again to 15,893,811. It is estimated that by 1920, more than 50% of the residents in Buenos Aires had been born abroad. According to Zulma Recchini de Lattes' estimate, if this great immigratory wave from Europe and the Middle East had not happened, Argentina's population by 1960 would have been less than 8 million, while the national census carried out that year revealed a population of 20,013,793 inhabitants. Argentina received a total of 6,611,000 European and Middle-Eastern immigrants during the period 1857–1940; 2,970,000 were Italians (44.9%), 2,080,000 were Spaniards (31.5%), and the remaining 23.6% was composed of French, Poles, Russians, Germans, Austro-Hungarians, British, Portuguese, Swiss, Belgians, Danes, Dutch, Swedes, etc.
2) A radical change in its ethnic composition; the 1914 National Census revealed that around 80% of the national population were either European immigrants, their children or grandchildren. Among the remaining 20% (those descended from the population residing locally before this immigrant wave took shape), around a fifth were of mainly European descent. Put down to numbers, this means that about 84%, or 6,300,000 people (out of a total population of 7,903,662), residing in Argentina were of European descent. European immigration continued to account for over half the nation's population growth during the 1920s, and was again significant (albeit in a smaller wave) following World War II.
The distribution of these European/Middle Eastern immigrants was not uniform across the country. Most newcomers settled in the coastal cities and the farmlands of Buenos Aires, Santa Fe, Córdoba and Entre Ríos. For example, the 1914 National Census showed that, of almost three million people -2,965,805 to be exact- living in the provinces of Buenos Aires and Santa Fe, 1,019,872 were European immigrants, and one and a half million more were children of European mothers; in all, this community comprised at least 84.9% of this region's population. The same dynamic was less evident in the rural areas of the northwestern provinces, however: immigrants (mostly of Syrian-Lebanese origin) represented a mere 2.6% (about 15,600) of a total rural population of 600,000 in Jujuy, Salta, Tucumán, Santiago del Estero and Catamarca.
Origin of the immigrants between 1857 and 1920.
Notes: <br>
Source: "Dirección Nacional de Migraciones: Infografías."
Second wave of immigration.
During and after the Second World War, many Europeans fled to Argentina, escaping the hunger and poverty of the post-war period. According to the National Bureau of Migrations, during the period 1941–1950 at least 392,603 Europeans entered the country: 252,045 Italians, 110,899 Spaniards, 16,784 Poles, 7,373 Russians and 5,538 French. Among the notable Italian immigrants in that period were protest singer Piero De Benedictis (emigrated with his parents in 1948), actors Rodolfo Ranni (emigrated in 1947) and Gianni Lunadei (1950), publisher César Civita (1941), businessman Francisco Macri (1949), lawmaker Pablo Verani (1947), and rock musician Kay Galiffi (1950).
Argentina also received thousands of Germans, including the humanitarian businessman Oskar Schindler and his wife, hundreds of Ashkenazi Jews, and hundreds of Nazi war criminals. Notorious beneficiaries of ratlines included Adolf Eichmann, Josef Mengele, Erich Priebke, Rodolfo Freude (who became the first director of Argentine State Intelligence), and the Ustaše Head of State of Croatia, Ante Pavelić. It is still matter of debate whether the Argentine government of President Juan Perón was aware of the presence of these criminals on Argentine soil or not; but the consequence was that Argentina was considered a Nazi haven for several decades.
The flow of European immigration continued during the 1950s and afterward; but compared to the previous decade, it diminished considerably. The Marshall Plan implemented by the United States to help Europe recover from the consequences of World War II was working, and emigration lessened. During the period 1951–1960, only 242,889 Europeans entered Argentina: 142,829 were Italians, 98,801 were Spaniards, 934 were French, and 325 were Poles. The next decade (1961–1970), the total number of European immigrants barely reached 13,363 (9,514 Spaniards, 1,845 Poles, 1,266 French and 738 Russians).
European immigration was nearly non-existent during the 1970s and the 1980s. Instability from 1970 to 1976 in the form of escalating violence between Montoneros and the Triple A), guerrilla warfare, and the Dirty War waged against leftists after the March 1976 coup, was compounded by an economic crisis caused by the 1981 collapse of the dictatorship's domestic policies. This situation encouraged emigration rather than immigration of Europeans and European-Argentines alike, and during the 1971–1976 period at least 9,971 Europeans left the country. During the period 1976–1983 thousands of Argentines and numerous Europeans were kidnapped and killed in clandestine centers by the military dictatorship's "grupos de tareas" (task groups); these included Haroldo Conti, Dagmar Hagelin, Rodolfo Walsh, Héctor Oesterheld (all presumably assassinated in 1977) and Jacobo Timerman (who was liberated in 1979; sought exile in Israel, and returned in 1984). CONADEP, the commission formed by President Raúl Alfonsín, investigated and documented the existence of at least 8,960 cases, though other estimates vary between 13,000 and 30,000 dead.
Recent trends.
The principal source of immigration into Argentina after 1960 was no longer from Europe, but rather from bordering South American countries. During the period in between the Censuses of 1895 and 1914, immigrants from Europe comprised 88.4% of the total, and Latin American immigrants represented only 7.5%. By the 1960s, however, this trend had been completely reversed: the Latin American immigrants were 76.1%, and the Europeans merely 18.7% of the total.
Given that the main sources of South American immigrants since the 1960s have been Bolivia, Paraguay and Peru, most of these immigrants have been either Amerindian or Mestizo, for they represent the ethnic majorities in those countries. The increasing numbers of immigrants from these sources has caused the proportion of Argentines of European descent to be reduced significantly in certain areas of the Greater Buenos Aires (particularly in Morón, La Matanza, Escobar and Tres de Febrero), as well as the Buenos Aires neighbourhoods of Flores, Villa Soldati, Villa Lugano and Nueva Pompeya. Unfortunately, many Amerindian or Mestizo people of Bolivian/Paraguayan/Peruvian origin have suffered racist discrimination, and in some cases, violence, or have been victims of sexual slavery and forced labor in textile sweat shops.
Latin American immigrants of European origin.
Latin Americans of predominantly European descent have arrived primarily from Chile, Brazil, Cuba, and in particular, Uruguay. Uruguayan immigrants represent a very distinct case in Argentina, for they may pass unnoticed as "foreigners". Uruguay received a great part of the same influx of European immigrants that changed Argentina’s ethnic profile, so most Uruguayans are of European origin (estimates vary from 87.4% to 94.6%). Uruguayans and Argentines also speak the same Spanish dialect (Rioplatense Spanish), which is heavily influenced by the entonation patterns of the Italian language’s southern dialects.
The official censuses show a slow growth in the Uruguayan-born community: 51,100 in 1970, 114,108 in 1980, and 135,406 in 1991, with a decline to 117,564 in 2001. Around 218,000 Uruguayans emigrated to Argentina between 1960 and 1980, however.
Third immigratory wave from Eastern Europe (1994–2000).
Following the fall of the Communist regimes of the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, the governments of the Western Bloc were worried about a possible massive exodus from Eastern Europe and Russia. President Carlos Saúl Menem - in the political framework of the Washington Consensus - offered to receive part of that emigratory wave in Argentina. Accordingly, Resolution 4632/94 was enacted on 19 December 1994, allowing "special treatment" for all the applicants who wished to emigrate from the former Soviet republics. A total of 9,399 Eastern Europeans emigrated to Argentina from January 1994 to December 2000, and of the total, 6,720 were Ukrainians (71.5%), 1,598 were Russians (17%), 160 Romanians (1.7%), 122 Bulgarians (1.3%), 94 Armenians (1%), 150 Georgians/Moldovans/Poles (1,6%) and 555 (5.9%) traveled with a Soviet passport.
Around 85% of the newcomers were under age 45, and 51% had a university education, so most integrated quite rapidly into Argentine society, albeit with some initial difficulties finding gainful employment. These also included some 200 Romanian Gypsy families that arrived in 1998, and 140 more Romanian Gypsies who migrated to Uruguay in 1999, but only to enter Argentina later by crossing the Uruguay river through Fray Bentos, Salto or Colonia.
European immigration in Argentina has not stopped since this wave from Eastern Europe. According to the National Bureau of Migrations, some 14,964 Europeans have settled in Argentina (3,599 Spaniards, 1,407 Italians and 9,958 from other countries) during the period 1999−2004. To this figure, many of the 8,285 Americans and 4,453 Uruguayans may be added, since these countries have European-descended majorities of 75% and 87% in their populations.
Influences on Argentine culture.
The culture of Argentina is the result of a fusion of European, Amerindian and Black African elements. The impact of European immigration on both Argentina's culture and demography has largely become mainstream and is shared by most Argentines, being no longer perceived as a separate "European" culture. Even those traditional elements that have Amerindian origin - as the "mate" and the Andean music- or Criollo origin - the "asado", the "empanadas", and some genres within folklore music - were rapidly adopted, assimilated and sometimes modified by the European immigrants and their descendants.
Tango.
Argentine tango is a hybrid genre, result of the fusion of different ethnic and cultural elements, so well intermingled that it is difficult to identify them separately. According to some experts, tango has combined elements from three main sources:
1) The music played by the Black African communities of the Río de la Plata region. Its very name might derive from a word in Yoruba -a Bantu language- and its rhythm appears to be based on candombe.
2) The milonga campera, a popular genre among the gauchos that lived in the Buenos Aires countryside, and later moved to the city looking for better jobs.
3) The music brought by the European immigrants: the Andalucian tanguillo, the polka, the waltz and the tarantella.
They heavily influenced its melody and its sound by adding instruments such as piano, violin and -especially- bandoneón.
In spite of this tripartite origin, tango mainly developed as urban music, and was assimilated and embraced by European immigrants and their descendants; most icons of the genre were either European or had largely European ancestry.
Argentine Folk music.
When the Spaniards arrived in what is now Argentina, the Amerindian inhabitants already had their own musical culture: instruments, dances, rhythms and styles. Much of that culture was lost during and after the conquest; only the music played by the Andean peoples survived in the shape of chants such as vidalas and huaynos, and in dances like the carnavalito. The peoples of Gran Chaco and Patagonia -areas that the Spaniards did not effectively occupied- kept their cultures almost untouched until the late 19th century.
The major Spanish contribution to music in the Río de la Plata area during the colonial period was the introduction of three instruments: the "vihuela" or "guitarra criolla", the "bombo legüero" and the "charango" (a small guitar, similar to the tiple used in the Canary Islands; made with the shell of an armadillo). Once the Criollos obtained their independence from Spain, they had the chance to create new musical styles; dances like "pericón", "triunfo", "gato" and "escondido", and chants such as "cielito" and "vidalita" all appeared during the post-independence period, primarily in the 1820s.
European immigration brought important changes to Argentina's popular music, especially in the Litoral; where new genres appeared, like "chamamé" and "purajhei" (or Paraguayan polka). Chamamé appeared in the second half of the 18th century -though it was not named as such until the 1930s- as a result of the fusion of ancient Guaraní rhythms with the music brought by the Volga German, Ukrainian, Polish and Ashkenazi Jewish immigrants that settled in the region. The newcomers added the melodic style of their polkas and waltzes to the native rhythmic base, and played it with their own instruments, such as accordions and violins.
Other genres -like chacarera and zamba- developed as an integral fusion of Amerindian and European influences. While traditionally played on guitars, charangos and bombos, they also began to be played with other European instruments, such as piano; one notable example is Sixto Palavecino's use of the violin to play the chacarera. Regardless of the origin of the different rhythms and styles, later European immigrants and their descendants rapidly assimilated the local music and contributed to those genres creating new songs.
Sports.
Many sports that nowadays are very popular in Argentina were introduced by European immigrants -particularly by the British- in the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
Football is by far the most popular sport in Argentina. It was brought by the British railway businessmen and workers, and it was later embraced with passion by the other collectivities. The first official football match ever played in Argentina took place on 20 June 1867, when the "White Caps" beat the "Red Caps" by 4-0. A look at the list of players -eight by team- shows a collection of British names/surnames. "White Caps": Thomas Hogg, James Hogg, Thomas Smith, William Forrester, James W. Bond, E. Smith, Norman Smith and James Ramsbotham. "Red Caps": Walter Heald, Herbert Barge, Thomas Best, Urban Smith, John Wilmott, R. Ramsay, J. Simpson and William Boschetti. The development of this sport in Argentina was greatly boosted by Scottish teacher Alexander Watson Hutton. He arrived in Argentina in 1882 and founded the Buenos Aires English High School in 1884, hiring his countryman William Walters as coach of the school's football team. On 21 February 1893 Watson founded the Argentine Association Football League, the historical antecedent of the Asociación de Fútbol Argentino. Watson's son Arnold continued the tradition playing during the amateur age of Argentine football.
Tennis was also imported by the British immigrants; in April 1892 they founded the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club. Among the founding members, we find all British surnames: Arthur Herbert, W. Watson, Adrian Penard, C. Thursby, H. Mills and F. Wallace. Soon their example was followed by British immigrants who resided in Rosario; F. Still, T. Knox, W. Birschoyle, M. Leywe and J. Boyles founded the Rosario Lawn Tennis.
The first Argentine tennis player of European descent to achieve some international success was Mary Terán de Weiss in the 1940s and 1950s; the sport, however, was considered an elite men's sport and her efforts to popularize this activity among women did not prosper at the time. Guillermo Vilas, who is of Spanish descent, won the French Open and the US Open both in 1977, and two Australian Open in 1978 and 1979, and popularized the sport in Argentina.
Another sport in which Argentines with European ancestry have stood out is car racing. The greatest exponent was Juan Manuel Fangio, whose parents were both Italian. He won five Formula One World titles in 1951, 1954, 1955, 1956 and 1957; his five-championships record remained unbeaten until 2003, when Michael Schumacher obtained his sixth F1 trophy. Another exponents are Carlos Alberto Reutemann (his grandfather was German Swiss, and his mother was Italian), who reached the second place in the World Drivers' Championship of 1981.
Boxing is another popular sport which was also brought by the British immigrants. The first championship ever organized in Argentina took place in December 1899, and the champion was Jorge Newbery (son of a White American odontologist who migrated after the American Civil War), one of the pioneers of boxing, car racing and aviation in the country. A list of Argentine boxers of European descent should include: Luis Ángel Firpo (nicknamed ""the wild bull of the pampas"", whose father was Italian and his mother was Spanish), Nicolino Locche (who was nicknamed ""the Untouchable"" for his defensive style; both his parents were Italian), etc.
Golf was brought to Argentina by Scottish Argentine Valentín Scroggie, who established the nation's first golf course in San Martín, Buenos Aires in 1892. The Argentine Golf Association was founded in 1926 and includes over 43,000 members.
Hockey was another sport imported by the British immigrants in the early 20th Century. It was initially played in the clubs founded by the British citizens until 1908, when the first official matches between Belgrano Athletic, San Isidro Club y Pacific Railways (today San Martín) took place. That same year the "Asociación Argentina de Hockey" was founded, and its first president was Thomas Bell. In 1909 this Association allowed the formation of female teams. One of the first feminine teams was Belgrano Ladies; they played their first match on 25 August 1909, against St. Catherine's College, winning by 1 to 0.
Cycling was introduced by Italian immigrants in Argentina in 1898, when they founded the "Club Ciclista Italiano". One of the first South American champions in this sport was an Argentine of Italian descent, Clodomiro Cortoni.
Rugby was also brought by British immigrants. The first rugby match ever played in Argentina took place in 1873; the teams were Bancos (Banks) against Ciudad (City). In 1886, the Buenos Aires Football Club and Rosario Athletic Club played the first official match between clubs. The River Plate Rugby Championship was founded on 10 April 1889, and was the direct antecedent of the Unión Argentina de Rugby, created to organize local championships; the founding clubs were Belgrano Athletic, Buenos Aires Football Club, Lomas Athletic and Rosario Athletic. Its first president was Leslie Corry Smith, and Lomas Athletic was the first champion that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="31100425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100425" title="Sarapancharam">
Sarapancharam

Sarapancharam (, ) is a 1979 Malayalam film written and directed by Hariharan starring Jayan, Sheela, Sathaar, P.K. Abraham and Oduvil Unnikrishnan in major roles. It was released in the golden era of Jayan, a popular superstar of Malayalam cinema. He played the main villain role in the film. It was also one of the first notable films of Oduvil Unnikrishnan. The storyline of the film is loosely based on D. H. Lawrence's 1928 novel "Lady Chatterley's Lover" though there are significant differences in plot and characterization.
Plot.
The story concerns a young married woman, Soudamini (Sheela), whose upper-class husband (P.K. Abraham) has been paralyzed and rendered impotent. Her sexual frustration leads her into an affair with the servant, Chandrasekharan (Jayan). She eventually gets married to him but later discovers that he has had relationship with many ladies and he aimed only at her wealth. She and her only daughter Baby (born from her first husband) are helpless as they are not able to put him out of their lives. Later, a young man named Prabhakaran, who is the son of an ex-servant of Soudamini, enters their life and helps them to get rid of Chandrasekharan. In the climax, Chandrasekharan is shot dead by Soudamini.
Box office.
This was a blockbuster hit film which strengthen the position of lead actor Jayan both as a villain and as a hero. This film also broke many box office records and was declared as the highest grossing movie ever released until another Jayan film "Angadi" released.

</doc>
<doc id="31100428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100428" title="Thomas Wharton (died 1684)">
Thomas Wharton (died 1684)

Sir Thomas Wharton (c. 1615 – 30 October 1684) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660.
Wharton was the son of Sir Thomas Wharton of Aske Hall and his wife Lady Philadelphia Carey, daughter of Robert Carey, 1st Earl of Monmouth. His father died in 1622. He was educated at Eton College from 1624 to 1625 and matriculated at Exeter College, Oxford on 3 March 1626, aged 11. He was created Knight of the Bath on 2 February 1626. From 1629 to 1632 he travelled abroad in France and entered Lincoln's Inn in 1638. 
In 1659, Wharton was elected Member of Parliament for Westmorland in the Third Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Westmorland in 1660 for the Convention Parliament.
Wharton married firstly in 1645, his cousin Lady Mary Carey daughter of Henry Carey, 1st Earl of Dover and had a son and three daughters. She died in June 1672 and he married secondly by licence dated 20 April 1677, Jane Robinson, widow of Leonard Robinson of Ravensworth, Yorkshire and daughter of Rowland Dand of Mansfield Woodhouse, Nottinghamshire. They had two daughters. His elder brother Philip inherited the barony from their grandfather.

</doc>
<doc id="31100446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100446" title="Immortalised cell line">
Immortalised cell line

An immortalised cell line is a population of cells from a multicellular organism which would normally not proliferate indefinitely but, due to mutation, have evaded normal cellular senescence and instead can keep undergoing division. The cells can therefore be grown for prolonged periods "in vitro". The mutations required for immortality can occur naturally or be intentionally induced for experimental purposes. Immortal cell lines are a very important tool for research into the biochemistry and cell biology of multicellular organisms. Immortalised cell lines have also found uses in biotechnology.
An immortalised cell line should not be confused with stem cells, which can also divide indefinitely, but form a normal part of the development of a multicellular organism.
Relation to natural biology and pathology.
There are various immortal cell lines. Some of them are normal cell lines - e.g. derived from stem cells. Other immortalised cell lines are the "in vitro" equivalent of cancerous cells. Cancer occurs when a somatic cell which normally cannot divide undergoes mutations which cause de-regulation of the normal cell cycle controls leading to uncontrolled proliferation. Immortalised cell lines have undergone similar mutations allowing a cell type which would normally not be able to divide to be proliferated "in vitro". The origins of some immortal cell lines, for example HeLa human cells, are from naturally occurring cancers.
Role and uses.
Immortalised cell lines are widely used as a simple model for more complex biological systems, for example for the analysis of the biochemistry and cell biology of mammalian (including human) cells. The main advantage of using an immortal cell line for research is its immortality; the cells can be grown indefinitely in culture. This simplifies analysis of the biology of cells which may otherwise have a limited lifetime.
Immortalised cell lines can also be cloned giving rise to a clonal population which can, in turn, be propagated indefinitely. This allows an analysis to be repeated many times on genetically identical cells which is desirable for repeatable scientific experiments. The alternative, performing an analysis on primary cells from multiple tissue donors, does not have this advantage.
Immortalised cell lines find use in biotechnology where they are a cost-effective way of growing cells similar to those found in a multicellular organism "in vitro". The cells are used for a wide variety of purposes, from testing toxicity of compounds or drugs to production of eukaryotic proteins. 
Limitations.
While immortalised cell lines often originate from a well-known tissue type they have undergone significant mutations to become immortal. This can alter the biology of the cell and must be taken into consideration in any analysis.
Methods for generating immortalised cell lines.
There are several methods for generating immortalised cell lines:
Examples of immortalised cell lines.
There are several examples of immortalised cell lines, each with different properties. Most immortalised cell lines are classified by the cell type they originated from or are most similar to biologically.

</doc>
<doc id="31100462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100462" title="X-Level Studios">
X-Level Studios

X-Level Studios, formerly Cosmos Studios, and Abbey Road Studios / EMI - studios, is a recording studio in Skärmarbrink on the outskirts of Stockholm, Sweden. It has been since the early 1960s.
It was founded by Kent Isaacs, who has been active both at the Swedish music-scene as well as internationally since the 1980s, and owned by him until 2012, when it was bought by X-Level Media Group. After the purchase, the name was changed to X-Level Studios.
As Cosmos Studios, it was closely affiliated with sister company Cosmos Music Group.

</doc>
<doc id="31100494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100494" title="Aaron Sangala">
Aaron Sangala

Aaron Sangala (born 1958) is a politician who was appointed Minister of Internal Affairs and Public Security in the cabinet of Malawi in May 2009.
Artistic and Educational Career.
Aaron Sangala was born in 1958, grandson of James Frederick Sangala, a founding member of the Nyasaland African Congress. 
Sangala worked for Lever Brothers (1974–1981), for the French Embassy teaching modern languages at the French Cultural Centre, and at St. Andrews High School teaching music. 
He is a founding member of the Sambangoma Cultural Troupe, Capital Theatre, Blantyre Round Table and Tiakalulu Guitar Quartet.
With Ricardo Garcia and Bashir Sacranie, he was a founder member of the group Kalulu.
Political Career.
Sangala was elected Member of Parliament for Blantyre Ndirande Malabada in 2004. 
In June 2006 he was appointed Deputy Minister of Health, and in May 2007 became Deputy Minister of Women and Child Development. 
In 2008 he became Minister of National Defense. 
He contested the May 2009 General Election on a Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) ticket and was reelected. 
Sangala was appointed Minister of Internal affairs and Public Security in the cabinet that became effective on 15 June 2009.
He retained this position in the cabinet announced on 9 August 2010.
He was infamously involved in a parliament brawl with MP Anita Kalinde in 2011 while serving as Minister of Defense. Sangala was physically assaulted in parliament by Kalinde, in a video that was aired on television and went viral in Malawi. 

</doc>
<doc id="31100499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100499" title="Bedford Lemere">
Bedford Lemere

Bedford Lemere & Co was a firm of British architectural photographers active in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century.
History.
The company was established by Bedford Lemere (born 1839, died 1911) in 1861, with its studio at 147 Strand, London from 1867 to 1947. His son Henry (also known as Harry) Bedford Lemere (born 1865, died 1944) joined the firm in 1881 and was one of the best known photographers, and the principal person behind the firm in its heyday.
Bedford Lemere & Co. was the leading English firm of architectural photographers between 1870 and 1930, and pioneered the photography of new buildings. Their images captured the use of new technologies such as the motor car, electric light and motion pictures and the introduction of the steel frame and reinforced concrete which revolutionised architecture.
Bedford Lemere & Co's client list was wide-ranging; they worked for anyone that needed architectural photography: property companies, estate agents, decorators, businesses needing photographs of their premises or house-owners who wanted photographs of their homes. Bedford Lemere & Co photographed buildings by notable architects; John Norton (architect), Matthew Digby Wyatt, Ernest George, Ernest George, Harold Peto, Arthur Blomfield, Waterhouse] and Edward Blakeway I'Anson who designed Winterfold House in Surrey. 
The firm was also particularly well known for photographs of cruise ship interiors, customers including Canadian Pacific Line, Cunard Line, Orient Lines, Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, Union-Castle Line and White Star Line; many of these are now in the collection of the National Maritime Museum in London. 
The firm also had premises in Manchester between 1875 and 1877, and kept a strong presence in the North West and Scotland for 40 years. This included working with Gillow’s of Lancaster and S J Waring & Sons of Liverpool, and the subsequent Waring & Gillow firm of furnishers and decorators, established in 1897 following their merger. Bedford Lemere went on to photograph the Waring & Gillow’s munitions factories during the First World War.
Henry Bedford Lemere received the Hood medal from the Royal Photographic Society in 1941.
After closing the studio at 147 Strand in 1947, the firm moved to 3 Park Lane, Croydon. We were acquired by Archie Handford Ltd in 1967.
Then by the successor firm, Chorley & Handford Ltd, we were located at 129a Stafford Road, Wallington in 1996.Much of our historical photographs have been donated to local museums our Arial archives of England and the South East and London have been sold to Google Earth to help create a 3D image of the UK. We are still based in a 6,500sqft building in Surrey originally used in the first world war as an industrial arms building. in 2000 the organisation was renamed Realistic Digital and offer different areas of expertise and various types of production and services.Who we are: ● One of the UK's leading suppliers in graphic display ● 6,500sqft Production site in Wallington Surrey. London. Realistic have a single display graphics production center in the UK. Running 24/7 and offering the widest range of graphic display production methods available.The production is mostly large format to produce graphics that are used in outdoor advertising, exhibitions, store display, museums, events and road shows, visitor centers and marketing suites.
Realistic are based a stones throw away from Croydon Airport, Many of its aviation images were donated to Croydon Airport Museum
Works.
The majority of Bedford Lemere & Co's surviving photographs are cared for by English Heritage in its public archive. Over a quarter of the firm’s output, estimated at 100,000 images, is held by English Heritage in its public archive in Swindon. The collection is by far the most important surviving collection of its work. This includes 21,800 large-format glass negatives, and around 3,000 prints. The collection also includes some albums and day books, which give a unique insight into the company’s activities 
English Heritage is undertaking a major project to conserve, catalogue and scan the Bedford Lemere & Co collection of negatives, with the aim of making the images accessible on the internet. Over 7,000 can already be seen, free of charge. Small caches of Bedford Lemere & Co’s photographs are held elsewhere including at the Royal Institute of British Architects, the V&A, the National Maritime Museum and the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="31100500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100500" title="The Peninsula Chicago">
The Peninsula Chicago

The Peninsula Chicago is a 20-story luxury hotel located at the intersection of East Superior Street and North Michigan Avenue in Chicago, Illinois. The hotel is part of The Peninsula Hotels group based in Hong Kong. In late 2009 the hotel was purchased by Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels who previously owned 92.5% of the hotel before the takeover. In 2004 the hotel won three major awards: "Travel + Leisure" Magazine's award for #1 Hotel in North America, the Zagat award for #1 Hotel in North America, and "Forbes" magazine awarded it with the Best Hotel Bar in the World. The Peninsula is one of only three 5-star hotels in Illinois, the others being the The Four Seasons Chicago and the Ritz-Carlton Chicago which are both located in the city of Chicago as well.
Location.
Due to the hotel's proximity to Chicago's most famous retail street, The Magnificent Mile (Michigan Avenue), the building is close to many famous brands like Cartier, Giorgio Armani and Louis Vuitton. As with most hotels in the area, the bottom floors are occupied by retailers, in this case Tiffany & Co., Ralph Lauren
and Banana Republic. The hotel is also very close to several tourist attractions such as the Chicago Water Tower, the John Hancock Center and the world-famous American Girl Store. The hotel is about 30–60 minutes from the two main Chicago airports depending on traffic. The closest 'L' station to the hotel is the Chicago station on the Red Line which is a 5-minute walk away.
Features.
The hotel offers limousine service to and from O'Hare International Airport and Chicago Midway International Airport. For business events and meetings the hotel has over available which includes boardrooms and a business centre. The hotel has four restaurants: Shanghai Terrace, Pierrot Gourmet and The Lobby, serving Oriental, European, American cuisine and small plates respectively. There are private dining rooms in Shanghai Terrace restaurant that are exclusively used for business meetings and special events. The hotel's bar is named simply The Bar.
Fitness Centre.
The Fitness Centre at the Chicago Peninsula takes up the top two floors. The top two floors of the hotel are different from the rest of the hotel because the pool room has floor to ceiling windows to optimize the view of Lake Michigan from the pool. The Fitness Centre also contains a spa which was awarded the Best Urban Spa Hotel by Spa Finder in 2007 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31100511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100511" title="Bates distribution">
Bates distribution

-e^{\tfrac{iat}{n}}) }{(b-a)t}\right)^n</math> 
In probability and statistics, the Bates distribution, is a probability distribution of the mean of a number of statistically independent uniformly distributed random variables on the unit interval. This distribution is sometimes confused with the Irwin–Hall distribution, which is the distribution of the sum (not mean) of n independent random variables uniformly distributed from 0 to 1.
Definition.
The Bates distribution is the continuous probability distribution of the mean, "X", of "n" independent uniformly distributed random variables on the unit interval, "Ui":
The equation defining the probability density function of a Bates distribution random variable x is
for "x" in the interval (0,1), and zero elsewhere. Here sgn("x − k") denotes the sign function:
More generally, the mean of "n" independent uniformly distributed random variables on the interval [a,b]
would have the probability density function of

</doc>
<doc id="31100519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100519" title="Bruce Bode">
Bruce Bode

Bruce Bode, MD, FACE is a diabetes specialist with the Atlanta Diabetes Associates in Atlanta, GA and is a clinical associate professor at Emory University in the Department of Medicine. He has served on the board of directors of the Atlanta chapters of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF), the American Diabetes Association (ADA), and various Georgia-based diabetes camps. Bode is a member of the board of directors of Glytec and an active member of the JDRF research team validating the efficacy and safety of real-time continuous glucose monitoring (CGMS), and is a former president of the ADA Georgia Affiliate and editor of the ADA's 2004 edition of Medical Management of Type 1 Diabetes.
In 2010, Bode was a co-author of the Statement by the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists Consensus Panel on Continuous Glucose Monitoring.
Inpatient glycemic management.
Bode has co-authored many publications on the subject of inpatient glucose control and was a co-developer of the Glucommander software, a computer-directed intravenous insulin system manufactured by Glytec, LLC.
The Glucommander is intended to evaluate the current as well as cumulative patient blood glucose values, and, based on the aggregate of those measurements, whether one or many, regulate the infusion of I.V. fluids, through an I.V. infusion pump, and drive the blood glucose level towards a predetermined target range. Once that target blood glucose range has been reached, the system's function is to recommend a titration of insulin, glucose, and saline for the purpose of maintaining the patient's blood glucose level in that target range. The system is programmed to provide intravenous dosing of glucose, saline, and insulin, as well as subcutaneous dosing of glucose and insulin.
Education.
Bode received his medical degree from Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta, GA and completed a fellowship in diabetes with Paul C. Davidson, MD, and an internship and residency at Emory University Affiliated Hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="31100529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100529" title="Katuna">
Katuna

Katuna is a town in Kabale District of Uganda at the border with Rwanda. In Kinyarwanda language the town is called Gatuna. 
Location.
Katuna is located on the Ugandan border with Rwanda, in extreme southwestern Uganda. The town is located in Kamuganguzi Sub-county, Ndorwa County, in Kabale District. This location is approximately , by road, south of Kabale, the largest city in the sub-region. The coordinates of the town are:00 25 48S, 30 01 03E (Latitude:-1.4300; Longitude:30.0175).
Overview.
Katuna is a major entrance point to Rwanda and handles most of Rwanda's imports and exports as most goods from the coast to Rwanda pass through Uganda. Due to increased commercial and tourist traffic, Gatuna is a fast-growing town. The border at Katuna/Gatuna is open 24 hours a day.
History.
In the pre-colonial times Katuna was a very important place. When the first Bakiga (named after their ancestor Kashyiga) arrived in the hills of Kagarama and Rwanyena, fearing to cross the big lake which they named Bunyonyi, (too big that small birds could not cross it), they discovered a shorter route along the plains where there was a tree under which they rested, played and prayed giving thanks to their ancestors before they could proceed to the hills. They called the place Gatuna for a meeting place.
However, some fellow Rwandese immigrants who came following their relatives lost their way and went to Rubaya. That time, they migrated from Rwanda in places like Byumba, Murindi, Ruhengyere, Mukaniga and Buganza (especially from the Bumbogo Kingdom) in search of fertile land and to escape natural hazards and internal political conflicts. When Chief Rubunga was sending envoys to Mpororo, it is at Gatuna under the command of the now called the Abagyesera and Abasigi clans that the first group disobeyed and went towards Ankore. This was the beginning of the decentralization of the Rukiga Kingdom. From that time, different clans were formed, no longer heeding allegiance to the Main Chief. Rubunga belonged to the Bamuhutu ruling as a Mungura. Till today, there’s still a dispute among the Bakiga who was their real King. However, many legends hold that, due to fear of the brutality of the Abungura who mistreated most of the Bakiga, after the death of Rubunga, the Bakiga formed Abakuru b’Ekika (elders of homesteads) but feared to ask the Abungura to give them Umwami or Omukama.
Thereafter they elected abakuru b’emidyango (elders of clans) who were representatives but since these had to refer to one elder, which idea they did not like, the whole of Kiga Kingdom collapsed. The colonialist benefited this situation by forming one big political district called Kigezi. Today, Gatuna is still largely occupied by the Abasigi, Abagyesera and the Abungura sub-clans.
Population.
The exact population of Katuna, Uganda is not known, as of April 2014.
Geography.
Until 1926 Katuna was located in the then Belgian Rwanda. It was the major exit point for political deserters who came to settle in Uganda. Katuna became a part of the then British Uganda after the demarcation of the Uganda-Rwanda border in 1926, based on an agreement between the British and Belgian governments. This was the last part to become part of Uganda.
Rubaya Subcounty is the wheat-growing area in the region. 70% of people who live Katuna, trace their ancestry to Rwanda. They are believed to have come from parts of Rwanda such as Murindi, Byumba, Ruhengyere and Mukaniga. Others trace their Rwandese roots through marriage between Rwandese women who got married to Ugandans.
Kamuganguzi on the other hand, is along the main road to Kigali and the inhabitants are believed to be more sociable compared to those in Rubaya.
Native Sons & Daughters.
Several important people who have steered or are steering the development of the area in the Republic of Uganda and others working for international organizations or institutions trace their ancestry to the Gatuna area. Because of the enterprising spirit of the people of Katuna, many of them work in the private sector. These sons and daughters include:
Katuna has many indigenous entrepreneurs who have contributed to the development of the area. Some of the notable businessmen in the area are James Nzeirwe, Thomas Rwomushana, Byenaku, Bernard Twebaze, Edson Mbyemeire, Godfrey Musekura, Bwabuhe.
Natural Attributes.
Katuna is also famous for very fertile lands that are used for dairy cattle keeping and the growing of Irish potatoes. Because of its strategic location at the border with Rwanda, Katuna has the potential to grow into a major border town in Uganda, just like other towns such as Malaba and Busia. Katuna has a distinctive terrain. On one side of the road are very steep and rocky mountains that make the construction of houses very tedious and expensive. On the other side of the road is a swampy and marshy valley. To construct houses on the swampy side of the road, one has to first fill the place with rocks and a lot of soil. These two aspects of physical landscape make construction in Katuna very expensive. They also make Katuna a very compact place.
Kabale University.
About north of Katuna, there is Kabale University in Kabale town where students from Rwanda, Burundi, and DRC come to study together with Ugandan students. This young university has distinguished itself by winning a World Bank grant for promoting the use of information technology. Enrollment of Kabale University now stands at about 1,400 students and is still growing. Some of the students at Kabale University have done their studies in schools neighboring Katuna such as St. Barnabas Senior Secondary School in Karujanga, Janan Luwum Secondary School in Kamuganguzi, Buranga Senior Secondary School, Rukore High School and Rubaya Secondary School. Kabale University offers both undergraduate and Post-graduate programs.
Tourism.
Katuna and the surrounding countryside has tourist potential. The hilly terrain that has earned Kigezi the nickname "Switzerland of Africa" is evident around Katuna. The terraced hills look beautiful with the wide variety of food crops and forest cover. Lake Bunyonyi is located about northwest of Katuna. The lake can be accessed from Katuna by following the murram road that passes via Kakoma to Rubaya. The numerous mountains around Katuna are good for mountain climbing. From Katuna one can also access Mt. Muhavura, a dormant volcanic mountain close to Lake Bunyonyi. Mgahinga Gorilla National Park is also accessible from Katuna. There are modest hotels, such as Katuna Inn, where tourists can relax for a drink and local dishes. There is a police station within the town. As of December 2009, there is no bank on the Ugandan side of the border. Foreign exchange transactions are conducted by "money changers" who deal with currencies including United States Dollars, Rwandan francs and Ugandan shillings. Temperatures in the town sometimes fall as low as at night. But during the day it gets warm, temperatures rising to as high as .

</doc>
<doc id="31100535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100535" title="2006 AFF Futsal Championship">
2006 AFF Futsal Championship

The 2006 AFF Futsal Championship was the fourth edition of the tournament. It took place from 2 May to 7 May 2006 in Bangkok, Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="31100570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100570" title="Gatuna (disambiguation)">
Gatuna (disambiguation)

Gatuna may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31100589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100589" title="Liam McKechnie">
Liam McKechnie

Liam McKechie (born 1951) is a judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland. He was educated at Presentation Brothers College, Cork, University College Cork and the King's Inns. He was called to the bar in 1972 and became a Senior Counsel in 1987. He was elected chairman of the Bar Council in 1999, and was appointed as a judge of the High Court in 2000. He holds a Master's degree in European law and presided over competition matters in the High Court.
In 2010 he was elected president of the Association of European Competition Law Judges, which represents judges from each of the 27 European Umion member states. In June 2010 he was appointed to the Supreme Court, following the retirement of Hugh Geoghegan.

</doc>
<doc id="31100607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100607" title="William Hay (died 1664)">
William Hay (died 1664)

William Hay (December 1594 – 26 December 1664) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1641 and 1660.
In 1641, Hay was elected Member of Parliament for Rye in the Long Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Rye in the Second Protectorate Parliament in 1656 and in the Third Protectorate Parliament in 1659. In 1660 he was re-elected MP for Rye in the Convention Parliament. 
Hay died at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="31100621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100621" title="Ellen Douglas">
Ellen Douglas

Ellen Douglas was the pen name of Josephine Ayres Haxton (July 12, 1921 – November 7, 2012), an American author. Her book "Apostles of Light" was a National Book Award nominee.
Douglas was born in Natchez, Mississippi and grew up in Louisiana and Arkansas. She graduated from the University of Mississippi in 1942. 
Douglas died of heart failure at the age of 91 on November 7, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31100633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100633" title="Oolampara">
Oolampara

Oolanpara is a suburb in the city of Thiruvananthapuram and is situated between Peroorkada and Sasthamangalam. The Government Mental Health Center is located here.
Etymology.
Oolanpara as the name implies used to be famous for its numerous wolves. Local legend is that the wolves used to assemble in the middle of the night near a hill. The authenticity of the hill is questionable because there are no indications of a hilly topography in the area. Nevertheless a boulder may have existed at the place and the gregarian behaviour o f wolves is widely accepted. The present place is famous for the Govt Mental Health centre whose fame extends even to the southern districts of Tamil Nadu, a neighboring state of Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="31100639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100639" title="Cenchrus spinifex">
Cenchrus spinifex

Cenchrus spinifex, known commonly as the common sandbur or coastal sandbur, is a perennial grass that grows from 5 to 30 inches high in sandy or gravelly terrain. It is found throughout the southern United States southward into Mexico and the Caribbean, and also grows in the Philippines and South Africa. 
It is a noxious weed in Europe where it was introduced.
The grass produces a bur, a type of grain fruit, consisting of 8 to 40 sharp, barbed spines that lodge in clothes, exposed feet, and fur.

</doc>
<doc id="31100651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100651" title="Uruguayan wine">
Uruguayan wine

Uruguay is the fourth-largest producer of wine in South America, with a production of 67,000 tonnes and of vineyards in 2012. Its signature wines are that of red wines produced from Tannat grapes.
History.
The modern wine industry in Uruguay dates back to 1870, and the wine industry was started by immigrants of mainly Basque and Italian origin. In 1870, Tannat was introduced to the country by Don Pascual Harriague, a Basque.
When the Mercosur free trade association started to take shape in the late 1980s, Uruguay took steps to increase the quality of its wines and stepped up its marketing efforts, due to fear of being out-competed by Chilean wines and Argentine wines, which had lower production costs.
Classification system.
There are two levels of classification for Uruguay wines:
Wine regions.
Uruguay's wine regions correspond to its administrative regions. While the country's other forms of agriculture are grouped into cardinal-intercardinal-oriented zones, which are then further divided by departments, there has never been an official grouping of wine regions into the larger zones – based on publications released by the Ministerio de Ganadería, Agricultura y Pesca de Uruguay ("Ministry of Livestock, Agriculture, and Fish of Uruguay").
The majority of vineyards and wineries are located in the hills north of the capital Montevideo, particularly in the departments: Canelones, Montevideo, Colonia, and San José. With the disappearance of vineyards in Flores, Rio Negro, and Treinta y Tres, roughly from 1989-2007, there are currently vineyards in 15 out of 19 departments.
Grape varieties.
Among the "vinifera" grapes, Tannat is the most common (36%). Other common varieties are Merlot (10%), Chardonnay (7%), Cabernet Sauvignon (6%), Sauvignon blanc (6%), and Cabernet Franc (4%). Muscat Hamburg is still a common variety for VC-classified rosé wines.
Much of Uruguay's vineyards have previously been planted with American and hybrid grape varieties.

</doc>
<doc id="31100663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100663" title="Virasoro element">
Virasoro element

A Virasoro element is a distinguished element of one of several related mathematical structures:

</doc>
<doc id="31100670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100670" title="Hotels in Moscow">
Hotels in Moscow

Like every other large city, Moscow has many hotels rated from 2 to 5 stars. Several large hotel chains are present in Moscow, including Sheraton, Mariott and Radisson. 
In 2010 there were 267 hotels in Moscow. The city plans to increase the amount of hotels to 535 in 2020.
Moscow hotel prices are usually very high, so that they tend to be half-empty even during peak holiday season It has been suggested that low occupancy rates are due to a sharp decline in global travel since the global recession that started in 2007, and that Moscow authorities have demolished many Soviet-era mid-priced hotels to make room for expensive 5 star ones.
In order to deal with high prices, numerous other options are available on the market, including hostels and short-term apartment rental.
Other accommodation options.
Short-term apartment rental and a wide selection of hostels are available in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="31100672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100672" title="James Maxwell (cricketer)">
James Maxwell (cricketer)

James Maxwell (13 January 1883 – 27 December 1967) played first-class cricket for Somerset from 1906 to 1908. He was born and died at Taunton, Somerset. 
Maxwell was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler. In first-class cricket for Somerset he tended to bat low in the batting order, but against Gloucestershire at Bath in 1906, batting at No 10, he made an unbeaten 67, his highest first-class score. In eight matches for Somerset in 1906 his bowling was not successful, but when he returned for two games in 1908 he took five Lancashire wickets for 63 runs in the first innings of the match at Liverpool.
From 1909, Maxwell played regularly as a professional cricketer in South Wales for the Glamorgan side, which was not then of first-class status. He appeared in 52 Minor Counties matches for Glamorgan. As at Somerset, he initially batted low in the batting order, but against Surrey's second eleven in 1910, batting at No 10, he scored 108. Thereafter, he often batted in the middle order. He was successful as a bowler too: for example, against the weak Carmarthenshire side in 1911, he took 13 wickets in the match for 64 runs. In 1912, he played in a single first-class fixture for a South Wales cricket team against the South Africans, top-scoring in the home side's second innings. He played Minor Counties cricket for Glamorgan up to the First World War, but did not reappear after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="31100676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100676" title="Hong Kong Airport Services">
Hong Kong Airport Services

Hong Kong Airport Services Ltd. (HAS) was founded in 1995 and began operations in July 1998 with the opening of Chek Lap Kok International Airport. It now employs 3,100 people and owns a fleet of over 2,700 ground-support equipment (GSE) and vehicles. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cathay Pacific Airways. 
HAS provides ground handling services to airline customers. These include loading and unloading of aircraft, baggage handling, cargo and mail delivery, ramp co-ordination, aircraft-load control, aerobridge and passenger steps operation, Unit Load Device storage and crew transportation. 
The company also provides passenger- and flight-handling services such as passenger check-in, ticketing, flight dispatch, and cargo documentation. HAS provides passenger handling for 19 airlines, and ramp and cargo services for 31 airlines. It services major local carriers Cathay Pacific Airways and Dragonair. In 2010, the company had a market share of 24.79% in passenger handling services and 54.17% in ramp handling services at Hong Kong International Airport. HAS is a member of the IATA Ground Handling Council.
HAS offices are located at Dragonair House, Passenger Terminal Building and SuperTerminal 1.
Handled by Hong Kong Airport Services Ltd. (HAS)
Airline Name Airline Code Terminal Aisle
Aeroflot Russian Airlines ( SU ) T1 D
Air Busan ( BX ) T2 P
Air Pacific ( FJ ) T2 P
Asiana Airlines ( OZ ) T1 J
Bangkok Airways ( PG ) T2 N
Biman Bangladesh Airlines ( BG ) T1 F
Dragonair ( KA ) T1 H
EVA Airways ( BR ) T1 E
Ethiopian Airlines ( ET ) T1 G
Finnair ( AY ) T1 E
Japan Airlines ( JL ) T1 G
Qantas Airways ( QF ) T1 J
Qatar Airways ( QR ) T1 E
Royal Brunei Airlines ( BI ) T1 D
S7 Airlines ( S7 ) T2 N
SWISS International Air Lines ( LX ) T1 D
Shenzhen Airlines ( ZH ) T2 Q
South African Airways ( SA ) T2 Q
Thai Airways ( TG ) T2 Q
Virgin Atlantic Airways ( VS ) T1 E

</doc>
<doc id="31100681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100681" title="Benktander Gibrat distribution">
Benktander Gibrat distribution

Benktander distribution of the first kind
Related distributions.
formula_1

</doc>
<doc id="31100683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100683" title="John Hollenbeck">
John Hollenbeck

John Hollenbeck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31100701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100701" title="Luxhay Reservoir">
Luxhay Reservoir

Luxhay Reservoir is an artificial reservoir near Angersleigh, Somerset, England. It is now owned by Wessex Water.
It was built in 1905 by the town corporation to provide drinking water for Taunton.
The reservoir is fed by other local water sources including Otterhead Lakes and Blagdon reservoir.
From 1969 leakage was detected in the retaining dam. This got worse in 1990s remedial works, including a diaphragm wall were undertaken.
In 2006 the lake was found to have an intense bloom of Microcystins which was associated high concentrations of cyanotoxins probably associated with eutrophication of nutrient enriched sediments.

</doc>
<doc id="31100709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100709" title="George Newport (cricketer)">
George Newport (cricketer)

George Bernard Newport (29 March 1876 – 12 July 1953) played first-class cricket for Somerset in 1902 and 1904. He was born at Muttum, in India and died at Wonford, Exeter, Devon. 
Newport was a lower-order right-handed batsman and a wicketkeeper. He played one match in 1902 against Gloucestershire at Bath and scored 11 and 16 in his two innings, as well as taking three catches. His only other appearance was a 12-a-side first-class match against Oxford University in 1904 in which he failed to score in either innings and took just one catch.

</doc>
<doc id="31100717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100717" title="Arab leaders">
Arab leaders

This is a list Arab leaders. It includes the heads of state and government in the Arab League.

</doc>
<doc id="31100726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100726" title="List of neighborhoods of Coronel Fabriciano">
List of neighborhoods of Coronel Fabriciano

Below is a list of the 63 bairros (neighborhoods) and seven sectors of Coronel Fabriciano, Minas Gerais, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="31100779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100779" title="Sandip Foundation">
Sandip Foundation

Sandip Foundation is a Private Institute/College located in Mahiravani, Nasik, Maharashtra, India. Sandip Foundation has three academic divisions. Its 200 acre primary campus is located approximately 13 km from Nasik, near Trimbakeshawar.
Affiliated to University of Pune Sandip foundation has approximately 1500 undergraduate and 1000 diploma students studying in its two polytechnics,two Engineering Colleges, One Degree Pharmacy Collegeand One MBA college Namely Sandip Institute of Technology and Research Center (SITRC), Sandip Institute of Engineering and Management(SIEM),Sandip Poytechnic(SP),Sandip Institute Of Polytechnic(SIP)and Sandip Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences (SIPS) ).

</doc>
<doc id="31100799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100799" title="Brian Sloan">
Brian Sloan

__NOTOC__
Brian Keith Sloan (born 1965) was a high school and college basketball player during the 1980s. Sloan, a high school center, led McLeansboro High School to an undefeated season in the 1984, Class A IHSA basketball championship. He averaged 20.5 points and 13.6 rebounds per game during the tournament. Sloan was selected as an all-state player for the 1983–84 season, he follows in the footsteps of his father, Jerry, who also was a first-team all-state selection at McLeansboro prior to starring for the University of Evansville and the Chicago Bulls. After leading the Foxes to the championship, Sloan was named Mr. Basketball for 1984 in Illinois.
Sloan went on to play for the Hoosiers of Indiana University for four years, 1984–85 & 1986–1989. He was part of the 1986–87 Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball team team that became champions of the NCAA men's basketball tournament. Sloan scored 181 career points while averaging 1.6 rebounds per game during his time at IU.
After playing college basketball under Coach Bob Knight serving as co-captain of the 1989 Big Ten champion Hoosiers, Sloan played professional basketball in Taiwan for one season.
Following his pro career, Sloan went back to IU to complete medical school where he graduated in 1997. His residency in Emergency Medicine was completed in 2000, also from Indiana. Sloan was awarded the 2000 resident teacher of the year. 
Sloan is married (Leslie) and has three children (Grant, Megan, and Ben). 

</doc>
<doc id="31100805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100805" title="Raccoon Creek (Ohio)">
Raccoon Creek (Ohio)

Raccoon Creek is a stream that drains parts of five Ohio counties. It originates in Hocking County, Ohio. It flows through Vinton County and Gallia County and a corner of Meigs County. Its largest tributary, Little Raccoon Creek, arises in Jackson County. The watershed also includes part of Athens County, drained by another tributary, Hewett Fork. The other major tributaries are Elk Fork, located entirely in Vinton County, and Brushy Fork, which is mostly in Vinton County with a small area in Hocking County.
Organizations.
The Raccoon Creek Partnership was established to deal with environmental and recreational issues pertaining to Raccoon Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="31100807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100807" title="Patrick A. Baeuerle">
Patrick A. Baeuerle

Patrick Baeuerle (*24. November 1957 in Friedrichshafen) is a German molecular biologist, Honorary Professor for Immunology at the University of Munich (LMU), and Chief Scientific Officer of the biopharmaceutical company Micromet, Inc. According to a survey of the Institute for Scientific Information, he was Germany’s most frequently cited biomedical researcher from 1991–2000, and ranked 38th worldwide. He has an h-index of 87 points.
Patrick Baeuerle did seminal work on tyrosine sulfation of proteins, transcription factor NF-kappaB, and on development of bi-specific T-cell engagers for therapy of cancer.
Education.
Patrick Baeuerle studied biology at the University of Konstanz, Germany. He did his Ph.D. work with Wieland B. Huttner at the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology in Martinsried, Germany, and at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg, and received his Ph.D. degree (summa cum laude) from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. His postdoctoral training was with Nobel laureate David Baltimore at the Whitehead Institute in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Career.
In 1989, Patrick Baeuerle started an independent research group at Klinikum Großhadern in Martinsried, Germany. In 1993, he became Chair of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the medical school of University of Freiburg. Three years later, he joined the start-up company Tularik in South San Francisco as its Director of Drug Discovery. In 1998, he moved back to Germany to head research and development of Micromet AG, a Munich-based biopharmaceutical company. By acquisition of CancerVax in 2006, Patrick Baeuerle became Chief Scientific Officer of NASDAQ -listed Micromet now headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, with a research centre in Munich, Germany.
Research Activities.
As a student, Patrick Baeuerle showed that tyrosine sulfation is a trans-Golgi-specific modification of secretory proteins. As a postdoctoral fellow, he discovered the inhibitory subunit I-kappa B of transcription factor NF-kappa B, and became inventor of the controversial NF-kappa B patent ‘516. His own research group studied the function of purified I-kappaB proteins, supported cloning of NF-kappa B subunits p50 and p65/RelA, identified NF-kappa as a redox-controlled transcription factor demonstrated the trans-activating potential of p65/RelA, showed that NF-kappa B is binding to DNA as a heterodimer, studied how I-kappa B proteins control nuclear translocation of NF-kappaB, and unravelled the basic mechanism of NF-kappa B activation, involving phosphorylation of I-kappa B and its subsequent degradation by the proteasome. His group was also first to show that NF-kappa B plays a functional role in the nervous system. Patrick Baeuerle authored more than 150 publications on NF-kappa B and related research.
Since 1998, Patrick Baeuerle investigates the therapeutic potential of T cell-engaging BiTE antibodies for therapy of cancer, and has been responsible at Micromet for the development of blinatumomab and several other antibody therapies. He authored more than 210 publications (Search in PubMed with author name “baeuerle p”).

</doc>
<doc id="31100828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100828" title="Maureen Darbyshire">
Maureen Darbyshire


</doc>
<doc id="31100830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100830" title="HMS Anson (S123)">
HMS Anson (S123)

HMS "Anson" is the fifth "Astute"-class nuclear-powered fleet submarine of the Royal Navy. She will be the eighth vessel of the Royal Navy to bear the name, after Admiral George Anson. 
On 25 March 2010, BAE Systems were given the go-ahead by the government to begin construction on boats 5 and 6 ("Anson" and "Agamemnon"), being given a £300 million contract for the "initial build" of boat 5 and "long lead procurement activities" for boat 6. Later that year work was begun on the pressure hull and reactor compartments and construction is currently ongoing as of 2011. On 15 September 2011 it was announced that boat 5 would be named Anson; it was previously believed that boat 5 would be Agamemnon and boat 6 Anson. Her keel was ceremonially laid on 13 October 2011.
Design.
Nuclear power.
"Anson"'s nuclear reactor will not need to be refuelled during the boat's 25-year service. Since the submarine can purify water and air, she will be able to circumnavigate the planet without resurfacing. The main limit is that the submarine will only be able to carry three months' supply of food for 98 officers and ratings.
Weapons.
"Anson" will have provision for up-to 38 weapons in six 21-inch (533 mm) torpedo tubes:

</doc>
<doc id="31100841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100841" title="SpliceInfo">
SpliceInfo

SpliceInfo is a database for the four major alternative-splicing modes (exon skipping, 5'-alternative splicing, 3'-alternative splicing and intron retention ) in the human genome

</doc>
<doc id="31100842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100842" title="Sandy Main">
Sandy Main

Alexander "Sandy" Main (born 1873) was a Scottish professional footballer and middle distance runner. Born in West Calder, West Lothian, Main started his career with his hometown club. He later played for fellow Scottish sides Rangers, Hibernian and Motherwell, as well as English clubs Woolwich Arsenal and Watford. He spent most of his career as a forward, but played predominantly as a right half at Watford.
Main scored two goals in Arsenal's biggest ever win, a 12–0 Football League victory against Loughborough on 12 March 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="31100898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100898" title="39th Berlin International Film Festival">
39th Berlin International Film Festival

The 39th annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from February 10 to 21, 1989.
Jury.
The following people were announced as being on the jury for the festival:
Films in competition.
The following films were in competition for the Golden Bear and Silver Bear awards:
Awards.
The following prizes were awarded by the Jury:

</doc>
<doc id="31100904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100904" title="Indian football clubs in Asian competition">
Indian football clubs in Asian competition

Indian football clubs have entered Asian association football competitions (AFC Champions League and AFC Cup) since the 1900s. The Asian Champion Club Tournament started in 1967, but there was no India representative during that inaugural season. Indian teams have participated every year in Asia, except for the early years between the 1990s and early 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="31100916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100916" title="Revenge of the Barracuda">
Revenge of the Barracuda

Revenge of the Barracuda is the fourth studio album by American rapper WC, released March 8, 2011, on Lench Mob Records, Big Swang Recordings, and E1 Entertainment. The album has featured guests like Ice Cube, Young Maylay, Daz Dillinger, Kokane among others, and was produced by many names like the duo Hallway Productionz, with THX, who worked on Snoop Dogg's 11th album, Doggumentary and the production team Djay Cas & Yung Fokus who also worked on WC's label mate Ice Cube's Raw Footage.
Singles.
The first single from the album is "That's What I'm Talking About", which is also included in an EP with the same name, released on July 27, 2010, the track was produced by the duo Hallway Productionz, and written by them and WC.
The second single is "You Know Me", which features Ice Cube and Young Maylay, was released on iTunes in February 1, 2011. This song has also produced by Hallway Productionz, and was written by the duo, WC, Cube and Maylay, alongside Jaret Griffin-Black.
Personnel.
By Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="31100918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100918" title="Klawasi group">
Klawasi group

The Klawasi group is a cluster of three large mud volcanoes on the western flank of Mount Drum, a Pleistocene stratovolcano in the Wrangell Mountains of east-central Alaska in the United States. The cluster includes the Upper Klawasi, the Lower Klawasi and the Shrub.
The volcanoes eject mostly warm mud, water, and CO2; the carbon dioxide is known to affect the flora and fauna of the area.

</doc>
<doc id="31100920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100920" title="List of The Twisted Whiskers Show episodes">
List of The Twisted Whiskers Show episodes

This is list of episodes for the American TV series, "The Twisted Whiskers Show". "The Twisted Whiskers Show" currently airs on Hub Network in the United States.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31100939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100939" title="Radomir Damnjanović Damnjan">
Radomir Damnjanović Damnjan

Radomir Damnjanović Damnjan (Serbian Cyrillic: Радомир Дамњановић Дамњан, Mostar, 10 December 1935), a Serbian painter and conceptual artist. He lives and works in Milan and Belgrade.
Biography.
He graduated on the Academy of Fine Arts in Belgrade in 1957, a post-graduate studies 1959. First time he exhibiting in Belgrade in 1958, and in numerous group exhibitions at home and abroad take part from 1959. He exhibited in The Documents in Kassel (1964), biennials in São Paulo (1963), Venice (1966, 1976), Tokyo (1967) and Bratislava (1968). As a Fulbright scholar was in Los Angeles and New York in 1971-1972. From 1974 he had lived in Milan.
Art.
Damnjan deals with painting, drawing, graphics, photography, film, video and performance. During the sixties, early in his career, Damnjan the painter symbolic, abstract and minimal features. Since the seventies he used to the new media - video, photography and performance, while the painting closer to its analytical stream. At the turn of the ninth decade of the last century, the theme turns Damnjan 'still life' and '(self)portraits' which implements a floor or wall installations painted in the spirit of postmodern citation as 'new pointillism'.

</doc>
<doc id="31100940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100940" title="Freiheit statt Angst">
Freiheit statt Angst

Freiheit statt Angst (Freedom not fear) is a political protest march, repeatedly taking place in Germany since 2006. The main issue is citizens' data privacy. The protests in Berlin in the last years were the largest demonstrations against public surveillance since the boycott of the Census in the 1980s. 
From 2007 to 2011 the event has been organized by the civil rights association Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung (working-group data retention).
History.
2006.
The first protest march called "Freiheit statt Angst" happened on 20 October 2006 in cooperation with the Big Brother Awards in Bielefeld. The demonstration was formed of approximately 250 people. It has been organized by 9 different organizations, e.g. Chaos Computer Club, Deutsche Vereinigung für Datenschutz (German association for data Privacy), Forum InformatikerInnen für Frieden und gesellschaftliche Verantwortung (forum of computer scientists for peace and social responsibility), FoeBuD (now digitalcourage), Humanistische Union, Netzwerk Neue Medien (network new media) and Stop1984
Some months ago the Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung appealed for a demonstration named "Freiheit statt Sicherheitswahn" ('Freedom not security delusion') which was also followed by about 250 people.
2007.
On 14 April 2007 a demonstration named "Freiheit statt Angst" happened to be in Frankfurt, being attended by at least 1000 people.
On 22 September 2007 about 15,000 people attended to the bigger demonstration in Berlin. According to the data protection commissioner of Schleswig-Holstein, Thilo Weichert those where the largest protests for data protection in the past 20 years. Fifty organisations appealed for the demonstration. Amongst others the Hedonist International and Freie Ärzteschaft (free doctors association) attended with their own trucks.

</doc>
<doc id="31100958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100958" title="2012 Tim Hortons Brier">
2012 Tim Hortons Brier

The 2012 Tim Hortons Brier, the Canadian men's national curling championship, was held from March 3 to March 11 at the Credit Union Centre in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. This Brier marked the sixth time that Saskatoon hosted the Brier; the last time that the Brier was hosted in Saskatoon was in 2004. The winner of the Brier, Glenn Howard, will represent Canada at the 2012 Capital One World Men's Curling Championship in Basel, Switzerland.
In the final, Ontario's Glenn Howard defeated Kevin Koe in ten ends with a score of 7–6. Howard won his fourth Brier title overall and his second Brier title as skip. Ontario third Wayne Middaugh became the first person in Brier history to win at three different positions, as second in 1993, as skip in 1998, and as third in 2012. Middaugh also set a record for best performance by a third in the final (with 98%), and won the Hec Gervais Award, which was awarded to the most valuable player in the playoffs.
This edition of the Brier saw the first Northwest Territories/Yukon team advancing to the page playoffs in Brier history since the induction of the playoffs format in 1980. Previously, the best performance from the Territories came in 1975, when Don Twa and his team tied for second place after the round robin. The Brier also saw Ontario skip Glenn Howard breaking the record for most career games played at the Brier, which was previously set by his brother Russ Howard at 174 career games, after defeating Saskatchewan in Draw 10.
Teams.
At this year's Brier, Alberta was represented by former Brier champion and former world champion Kevin Koe, who defeated Brock Virtue in the provincial final. He made his second appearance at the Brier with a new third, Pat Simmons, who had skipped for Saskatchewan in five previous Briers. Brad Gushue of Newfoundland and Labrador clinched a sixth straight berth to the Brier after defeating former provincial champion Ken Peddigrew in the provincial final. Gushue made his ninth appearance at the Brier with a new team formed at the close of the last season. Northern Ontario was represented by Brad Jacobs, who played at his third consecutive Brier after defeating former provincial champion Mike Jakubo in the provincial final. Glenn Howard of Ontario made his seventh consecutive and fourteenth overall appearance at the Brier after winning the provincial final over Peter Corner. Rob Fowler of Manitoba made his first appearance at the Brier after defeating Mike McEwen in the provincial final. Interestingly, Kevin Martin and Jeff Stoughton, two recent Brier champions who together won three of the past four Briers, were both eliminated before the finals of their respective provincial championships.
British Columbia was represented by Jim Cotter after Cotter, who played at his third Brier, won his second straight provincial championship over Brent Pierce. Terry Odishaw made his first appearance at the Brier since 1998 after winning the New Brunswick final over defending provincial champion James Grattan. Jamie Murphy represented Nova Scotia at his first Brier, after defeating former Brier champion Mark Dacey in the final of the provincials. Prince Edward Island was represented by Mike Gaudet, who made his fourth Brier appearance, his first as skip since 2004, as he was the third for last year's Prince Edward Island skip Eddie MacKenzie. Robert Desjardins represented Quebec at his second consecutive Brier, his first Brier as skip, after defeating Phillipe Lemay in the provincial final. Saskatchewan was represented by Scott Manners, his first appearance at the Brier after upsetting Bruce Korte in the provincial final. Jamie Koe made his fourth consecutive and sixth overall appearance representing the Northwest Territories and Yukon after finishing the provincials with an undefeated record.
Round Robin Standings.
"Final Round Robin Standings"
Round Robin Results.
All times listed in Central Standard Time (UTC-06).
Draw 1.
"Saturday, March 3, 1:30 PM"
Draw 2.
"Saturday, March 3, 6:30 PM"
Draw 3.
"Sunday, March 4, 8:30 AM"
Draw 4.
"Sunday, March 4, 1:30 PM"
Draw 5.
"Sunday, March 4, 6:30 PM"
Draw 6.
"Monday, March 5, 8:30 AM"
Draw 7.
"Monday, March 5, 1:30 PM"
Draw 8.
"Monday, March 5, 6:30 PM"
Draw 9.
"Tuesday, March 6, 8:30 AM"
Draw 10.
"Tuesday, March 6, 1:30 PM"
Draw 11.
"Tuesday, March 6, 6:30 PM"
Draw 12.
"Wednesday, March 7, 8:30 AM"
Draw 13.
"Wednesday, March 7, 1:30 PM"
Draw 14.
"Wednesday, March 7, 6:30 PM"
Draw 15.
"Thursday, March 8, 8:30 AM"
Draw 16.
"Thursday, March 8, 1:30 PM"
Draw 17.
"Thursday, March 8, 6:30 PM"
Playoffs.
1 vs. 2.
"Friday, March 9, 6:30 PM"
3 vs. 4.
"Saturday, March 10, 1:30 PM"
Semifinal.
"Saturday, March 10, 7:00 PM"
Bronze Medal Game.
"Sunday, March 11, 9:00 AM"
Final.
"Sunday, March 11, 6:00 PM"
Top 5 player percentages.
The top five player percentages for each position from the round robin are listed as follows:
Awards and Honours.
The all-star teams and award winners are as follows:
"First Team"
"Second Team"

</doc>
<doc id="31100970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100970" title="Wyresdale">
Wyresdale

Wyresdale is the valley of the River Wyre in Lancashire, England.
It may refer to one of two civil parishes:

</doc>
<doc id="31100973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100973" title="Adrian Garvey">
Adrian Garvey

Adrian Christopher Garvey (born Bulawayo, 25 June 1968) was a Zimbabwean-born South African rugby union player. He played as a prop.
Garvey played for Old Miltonians, Coastal Sharks, Natal and Newport RFC.
He is one of the few players to have competed at the Rugby World Cup for two different countries. He had 10 caps for Zimbabwe, from 1990 to 1993, scoring 2 tries, 10 points in aggregate. He played three games at the 1991 Rugby World Cup, scoring two tries at the 51-12 loss to Scotland, at 9 October 1991.
He later became a South African naturalized citizen and decided to play for South Africa. He had 28 caps, from 1996 to 1999, scoring 4 tries, 20 points in aggregate. He played two times at the Tri Nations, being a member of the winning side in 1998. He was called for the 1999 Rugby World Cup, playing a single game in the 47-3 win over Spain, in Murrayfield, at 10 October 1999. That would be his last game for the "Springboks".

</doc>
<doc id="31100986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100986" title="Haleri">
Haleri

Haleri kings(kingdom) are the rulers who ruled kodagu region for over 200 years between 1600-1834 A.D.The kingdom is named after a place called "Haleri" near Madikeri which they made as their capital.The haleri kings were devout Lingayats. Their origin is traced to Veeraraja, a nephew of Sadashiva Nayaka of Ikkeri dynasty.
Legacy.
The present day Madikeri was formerly known as "Muddu raja keri" which means Mudduraja's town, was named after the prominent Haleri king, Mudduraja who ruled Kodagu from 1633-1687.
The present day Virajpet derived from "Virarajendrapete" was the town established by Haleri king Dodda Veerarajendra,after whose name the city derives its name.
Chikka Virarajendra,the last ruler of Kodagu was from the Haleri Kingdom.The famous Kannada litterateur and Jnanpith Award recipient, Masti Venkatesha Iyengar, wrote a critically acclaimed book, "Chikavira Rajendra", based on the life and times of that ruler. The book is widely noted for its balanced handling of the subject; it neither comprises a litany of the supposed misdeeds of the protagonist, nor emerges as a tract against the British. The book is redolent with the culture and ethos of its milieu, being Kodagu in the mid-19th century.
King Dodda Veerarajendra built the famous Nalknad Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="31101022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101022" title="Joseph Kam">
Joseph Kam

Joseph Kam (born September 1769) was a Dutch missionary in Indonesia.
His father, Joost Kam, was a leather merchant in 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands. The family were are members of the Reformed Church, influenced by the spirit of Herrnhut pietism, and had links with Herrnhut groups in Zeist. Kam helped his father in the leather trade, but was eager to preach the gospel to the nations which did not yet not know Christianity. In 1802, when Kam's father and mother died, he left the leather business and worked at the National Court. He married in 1804, but his wife died two months after giving birth.
Kam then joined "Nederlandse Zendeling-Genootschap" and moved to Rotterdam to received the preparation of Zendeling candidate there. In Rotterdam he received the education of Zendeling candidate, together with Gottlob Bruckner and Johann Ch. Supper from Germany. In 1811, his preparatory education for was finished, but he was not yet able to be dispatched to the mission field because of the war between England and France.
NZG then tried to post Kam to the mission field by smuggling him into Britain. In October 1812, Kam and his colleagues arrived in London and saw the London Missionary Society administrators. They were then sent to Gosport, near Portsmouth to receive further educational preparation, while serving churches there. In 1813, he was ordained a priest in London.
In 1814, he arrived in Batavia with his two colleagues, Bruckner and Supper. At that time, Kam and his colleagues became "Indische Kerk" employees. Since the "Indische Kerk" prioritizes maintenance of the congregations that already exist. Therefore, Supper remained in Batavia to serve the congregation there, Bruckner was stationed in Semarang, and Kam himself stationed on Ambon.
Mid-1814, Kam traveled to Ambon but ended up stopping in Surabaya because no ships were sailing to Ambon. While in Surabaya, he worked in Indische Kerk's congregation there. In March 1815, he arrived in Ambon, and immediately started working with congregations in the Maluku Islands which had long been abandoned by the Dutch. In the Maluku Islands, Kam perform all the duties of a pastor, such as preaching, visiting the congregations, arbitrate disputes and quarrels, and served sacraments. He is also active in developing Christian readings, like the Bible, Psalms, Catechism, and sermons for congregations without ministers or teachers. Shortly after Kam arrived in Ambon, he married a woman of Indo-Dutch extraction, Sara Maria Timmerman, who remained at his side until the end of his life.
Kam is considered by the Protest Church in the Moluccas to be one of the significant shapers of their history.
In his trip to Southeast Maluku, he became seriously ill, and was forced to return to Ambon. After 20 years service in the Maluku Islands, he died on July 18, 1833, and was buried in Ambon.

</doc>
<doc id="31101056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101056" title="HMS Agamemnon (S124)">
HMS Agamemnon (S124)

HMS "Agamemnon" is the sixth "Astute"-class nuclear-powered fleet submarine of the Royal Navy and is currently under construction. She will be the sixth vessel of the Royal Navy to bear the name, after the legendary Greek king Agamemnon.
On 25 March 2010, BAE Systems were given the go-ahead by the government to begin construction on boats 5 and 6 ("Anson" and "Agamemnon"), being given a £300 million contract for the "initial build" of boat 5 and "long lead procurement activities" for boat 6. Initial construction work was begun on boat 6 late in 2010 and is ongoing as of 2011. On 15 September 2011 it was announced that boat 5 was to be named Anson; it had previously been stated that boat 5 would be Agamemnon and boat 6 Anson, and it is now believed that the Agamemnon name will be transferred to boat 6.
Her keel was 'laid' on 18 July 2013, when the Minister for Defence Equipment, Support and Technology, Philip Dunne, unveiled the "Agamemnon Keel Unit".
Design.
Nuclear power.
"Agamemnon"'s nuclear reactor will not need to be refuelled during the boat's 25-year service. Since the submarine can purify water and air, she will be able to circumnavigate the planet without resurfacing. The main limit is that the submarine will only be able to carry three months' supply of food for 98 officers and ratings.
Weapons.
"Agamemnon" will have provision for up-to 38 weapons in six 21-inch (533 mm) torpedo tubes:

</doc>
<doc id="31101067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101067" title="Cognitive bias modification">
Cognitive bias modification

Cognitive Bias Modification refers to the process of modifying cognitive biases in healthy people and also refers to a growing area of psychological (non-pharmaceutical) therapies for anxiety, depression and addiction called CBMT. Cognitive Bias Modification Therapy (CBMT) is sub-group of therapies within a growing area of psychological therapies based on modifying cognitive processes with or without accompanying medication and talk therapy, sometimes referred to as Applied Cognitive Processing Therapies (ACPT). Other ACPTs include attention training, interpretation modification, approach/avoid training, imagery modification training, eye movement desensitization and reprocessing therapy for PTSD.
According to Yiend et al. 2013 in an article in the peer reviewed scientific journal Cognitive Therapy Research, "CBM treatments are a more convenient,flexible mode of treatment, not requiring meetings with a therapist. They offer the potential for delivery using modern technologies (e.g. internet or mobile phone) and require minimal supervision. They could therefore become highly cost effective and widely accessible. CBM methods are also less demanding and more acceptable to patients than traditional therapies. This is because personal thoughts and beliefs are not directly interrogated and there is no need for social interaction or stigmatising visits to outpatient clinics. Similarly patient insight is not required because CBM seeks to target the underlying maintaining cognitive bias directly and therefore patient engagement is likely to be easier. In sum, CBM methods offer a high gain, low cost treatment option because they can circumvent many of the practical and psychological requirements that disadvantage competing psychological interventions." (Yiend, J., Lee, J. S., Tekes, S., Atkins, L., Mathews, A., Vrinten, M., . . . Shergill, S. (2013). Modifying Interpretation in a Clinically Depressed Sample Using 'Cognitive Bias Modification-Errors': A Double Blind Randomised Controlled Trial. Cognitive Therapy and Research, 1-14. doi: 10.1007/s10608-013-9571-y)
CBMT techniques are technology assisted therapies that are delivered via a computer with or without clinician support. CBM combines evidence and theory from the cognitive model of anxiety, cognitive neuroscience and attentional models.
CBM can be seen as one version of attentional retraining. It has been described as a 'cognitive vaccine'.
Efficacy evidence base and other research.
CBMT is a growing area of evidence-based psychological therapy, in which cognitive processes are modified to relieve suffering from serious;
CBM has been found to change brain activity, moving prefrontal cortex activity more to the left side, which is normally associated with more positive and happier thinking.
Description.
Some CBM apps ask the user to consistently select 'good' or 'positive' images over 'bad' or 'negative' ones. For instance the user may be asked to click on the smiling face amongst a group of faces, as in the McGill University research app.
A Layman's Explanation: How Does CBMT Reduce Anxiety? 
CBMT is different from most treatments. It’s not medication or talk therapy. CBMT changes how you think and mentally respond to everyday things in your life—your mental habits. CBMT changes mental habits in a new way that may be better than past treatments. These mental habits are often hard to control. For example, people with anxiety have a tendency to focus their attention on negative information. They also tend to interpret ambiguous information as negative. This habit is so automatic that it is very difficult to ‘‘catch’’ or change on purpose.However, just like other habits, such as typing or riding a bicycle, with practice we can change these mental habits and have new ‘nonanxiety-related’ habits become automatic.
ATTENTION BIAS
People differ in how they focus their attention. What you pay attention to plays an important role in how safe or unsafe you feel. If you tend to focus your attention on negative aspects of a situation or cues that might signal danger, you will be more likely to become excessively anxious. Also, the more you look for something, the more likely it is that you will find it; so, if you are always looking for signs of danger, you will be more likely to see danger.
INTERPRETATION BIAS
People differ in how they interpret ambiguous information in their environment as well. An interpretation bias or a tendency to interpret situations negatively also plays an important role in how safe or unsafe each situation seems to you. If you tend to think of situations as negative, you will be more likely to become excessively anxious. Because, in everyday life, many situations are ambiguous, a negative interpretation bias will lead to most situations being seen as negative. Moreover, by expecting a negative outcome, people with anxiety often create what is called a ‘‘self-fulfilling prophecy.’’ For example, if you walk into a party and expect people will not talk to you, you may be cold to them, and as a result, it is more likely that they will not talk to you.
Why practice?The CBMT programs are very simple and seem like a repetitive computer game.  CBMT  is similar to those ‘‘brain games’’ that improve memory or attention. Most people think it is weird at first, and you will not understand the purpose of the tasks. That’s normal! Gaining control over automatic mental habits is like strengthening a muscle in your body, it takes regular training. As you repeat this training each day, it will become easier to do, and you will be faster and more accurate.
Attention Training.
The attentional bias is one of several different cognitive biases. The attentional bias is the tendency of certain salient cues in a person's environment to preferentially draw and/or hold the person's attention. For example, individuals with anxiety disorders demonstrate an automatic attentional bias towards threatening cues in their environment and drug users and addicts demonstrate an automatic attentional bias towards drug related cues in their environment.
The rise of research in cognitive bias modification has led to the recent publication of a special issue of the Journal of Abnormal Psychology focusing on the methods and technologies used for cognitive bias modification in psychopathology. Attentional retraining as cognitive bias modification is predicated on the observed attentional bias evident in psychopathology. The most common task used to retrain attention in psychopathologies is the dot-probe task developed originally by Macleod et al. (1986). If attentional biases have a causal role on the maintenance of anxiety or drug addictions then lowering the attentional biases should therefore lower feelings of anxiety amongst the anxious and craving and promote abstinence amongst the drug addicted.
Criticisms and limitations.
One concern is whether CBM modification procedures will achieve lasting benefits. This is not yet clear from research.
Another concern is that participants with cognitive vulnerability are not able to maintain their new learning even within a CBM course, with their negative cognitive bias beginning to re-emerge over time.
Current developments.
One leading researcher of CBM is Professor Elaine Fox of Oxford University, who is also making CBM tools available. CBM was featured in the UK Horizon programme by Dr Michael Mosley in 2013.
Future directions.
One view is that CBM will continue to grow exponentially, both as a basic experimental psychopathology paradigm and as a treatment. Future expected directions are to personalise CBM to the individual, and to make CBM treatments available directly to consumers. Some apps are already available.

</doc>
<doc id="31101078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101078" title="Kiviaq">
Kiviaq

Kiviaq may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31101112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101112" title="Franklin Potts Glass, Sr.">
Franklin Potts Glass, Sr.

Franklin Potts Glass, Sr. (June 7, 1858 – January 10, 1934) was an American Democratic politician, newspaper publisher and editor, and United States Senator-Designate from Alabama.
Background.
Born in Centreville, Alabama, Glass graduated from Princeton University in 1877. Returning to Alabama, he founded the newspaper the "Bibb Blade" in Bibb County, Alabama, in 1880. In 1881, Glass bought the "Selma Daily News" in Selma, Alabama. He bought a share of the Montgomery Advertiser in Montgomery, Alabama and became the editor and publisher. Glass eventually moved to Birmingham, Alabama, where he was the editor and publisher of the "Birmingham News".
Appointment to the United States Senate.
In 1913, United States Senator Joseph F. Johnston died in office. The Governor of Alabama Emmet O'Neal appointed Glass to the United States Senate. Glass was a Democrat. However, on February 4, 1914, the United States Senate voted 32-31 to uphold the Committee of Elections and Privileges recommendation to deny Glass a seat, because the recent ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution supported Alabama state law that the Governor of Alabama had to call a special election to fill the vacancy.
Railroad Labor Mediation Board.
In 1933, President Franklin Roosevelt appointed Glass to the Railroad Labor Mediation Board. While traveling from Washington D.C. to Memphis, Tennessee to hear railroad mediation cases, Glass caught a cold. He died in Birmingham, Alabama on January 10, 1934 as a result of the cold.

</doc>
<doc id="31101129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101129" title="Benktander Weibull distribution">
Benktander Weibull distribution

The Benktander-Weibull distribution, also known as the Benktander distribution of the second kind has the property that if
then the mean residual life function equals

</doc>
<doc id="31101130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101130" title="Macedonian wine">
Macedonian wine

The Republic of Macedonia produces wine on some of vineyards, and the production was 108,100 tonnes in 2008. There are also some additional of vineyards dedicated to table grapes.
The production of red wine dominates the Macedonian wine production, with around 80 per cent.
Within the European Union, "Macedonia" (Μακεδονία) is a protected geographical indication (PGI) for wine from the Greek region of Macedonia.
History.
Ancient Macedonia.
In the culture of Ancient Macedonia, which was located in modern day Macedonia region of Greece, wine played an important role.
Yugoslavia and Republic of Macedonia.
While part of Yugoslavia, Macedonia was a major producer of wine. In the 1980s, it accounted for around two-thirds of the Yugoslav wine production. After the breakup of Yugoslavia, the Macedonian wine production decreased dramatically, from 1.8 million hectoliters in the mid-1990s to 447,000 hl in 2002.
Wine regions.
Macedonia has three wine-growing regions:
Grape varieties.
The grape varieties common in cultivation includes a large proportion of indigenous varieties and varieties common to Central Europe and the Balkans, as well as some international varieties. Red varieties include Vranec (the most common variety of Macedonia), Kratosija, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. To be noted that Stanušina Crna is a variety of grape od Macedonian origin, capable of producing very high quality wines, very popular on domestic market, little known outside of its native country. White varieties include Smederevka, Welschriesling (usually referred to as Laški Rizling), Chardonnay, Sauvignon blanc and Žilavka

</doc>
<doc id="31101137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101137" title="The AnswerBank">
The AnswerBank

The AnswerBank, is a question-and-answer website based in the United Kingdom, directed at United Kingdom citizens. Founded in 2000, it is run by AnswerBank Ltd.
On April 8, 2008, it was the "Website of the Day" on Pocket-Lint.com. It is recognized for its polls, which often garner in excess of 1,000 votes and have been featured in multiple press releases.
It is also known for its extensive "puzzle section," where puzzle-takers, such as crossword enthusiasts, can seek assistance in solving their puzzles.

</doc>
<doc id="31101142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101142" title="Weatherby, Oregon">
Weatherby, Oregon

Weatherby is an unincorporated community in Baker County, Oregon, United States. It is located about nine miles southeast of Durkee on Interstate 84/U.S. Route 30, near the Burnt River.
There was a post office named Express Ranch established in 1865 near what is now Durkee during the gold mining boom in the county. C. W. Durkee was the first postmaster. It was so-named because it was a stopover for stagecoaches or "expresses", while the term "ranch" in this case probably came from the Spanish "rancho", a term for a place of lodging popular with the miners who had come there from California. It had nothing to do with the pursuit of ranching. The name of the office was changed to Weatherby in 1879 and at the same time it was moved 10 miles south on the Burnt River to the property of Andrew J. Weatherby, who was also the first postmaster. In 1884, the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company established a Weatherby station on its line to Huntington. Weatherby post office closed in 1920. Meanwhile, an office was reestablished at the Express Ranch site in 1884 and named Express. The name of that office was changed to Durkee around 1902.
Weatherby is the site of an Oregon Department of Transportation rest area. There was formerly a state historic park north of Weatherby called Rattlesnake Springs that commemorated a stop along the Oregon Trail. It was displaced by the construction of I-84.

</doc>
<doc id="31101188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101188" title="A Place for Annie">
A Place for Annie

A Place for Annie is a 1994 Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movie that stars Sissy Spacek, Mary-Louise Parker and Joan Plowright. Directed by John Gray, the 191st presentation aired on the ABC network on May 1, 1994.
Plot.
Newborn baby Annie is HIV positive and has been left in the clinic by her drug addicted mother. To prevent being deported to a home where she will wait to die, nurse Susan decides to take care of Annie at her own home. One year later she plans to adopt the child but suddenly Annie's mother reappears and demands her back. Under the law, Susan, as just the foster-mother, has no claim to the child.
Critical reception.
Allmovie gave the film three out of five stars and described it as a ""touching drama"".
Entertainment Weekly gave a favorable review and stated ""There are a few crucial twists in this TV movie that don't bear giving away. You'll probably cry, but you won't feel manipulated. A Place for Annie is the kind of melodrama that gives tear-jerking a good name.""
People Magazine awarded the film an A- grade and stated ""You'll need sponges to watch this simple, affecting film. Tissues just ain't going to do it.""

</doc>
<doc id="31101189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101189" title="Fairleigh Dickinson Knights men's basketball">
Fairleigh Dickinson Knights men's basketball

The Fairleigh Dickinson Knights men's basketball team represents Fairleigh Dickinson University in Hackensack, New Jersey, United States. The school's team currently competes in the Northeast Conference and plays their home games at the Rothman Center. FDU is currently coached by Greg Herenda.
Postseason results.
NCAA Tournament results.
The Knights have appeared in four NCAA Tournaments. Their combined record is 0–4.
NAIA Tournament results.
The Knights have appeared in one NAIA Tournament. Their record is 1–1.
NIT results.
The Knights have appeared in two National Invitation Tournaments (NIT). Their combined record is 0–2.

</doc>
<doc id="31101215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101215" title="I Don't Want to Be Hurt Anymore">
I Don't Want to Be Hurt Anymore

"I Don't Want to Be Hurt Anymore" is a 1964 studio album by Nat King Cole, arranged by Ralph Carmichael.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by William Ruhlmann awarded the album three stars, and said it "suffered from a lack of strong material and arrangements...with the sad sentiments undercut by relatively quick tempos and a perky backup chorus"

</doc>
<doc id="31101226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101226" title="Amakusa (disambiguation)">
Amakusa (disambiguation)

Amakusa is a series of islands belonging to Japan.
Amakusa may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31101229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101229" title="Until the Whole World Hears... Live">
Until the Whole World Hears... Live

Until the Whole World Hears... Live is a live CD/DVD by the Christian rock band Casting Crowns. It was recorded on April 24, 2010 at the Greensboro Coliseum in North Carolina, and released in August 31, 2010 by Reunion Records.
Awards.
The album was nominated for a Dove Award for Long Form Music Video of the Year at the 42nd GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31101250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101250" title="We Are They Who Ache with Amorous Love">
We Are They Who Ache with Amorous Love

We Are They Who Ache with Amorous Love is an album released by the rock group Half Japanese.
Style.
This album seems to recall their earlier more ramshackle releases, such as Half Gentlemen/ Not Beasts, or Loud. There is a great deal of horn playing, and it's very chaotic, and it seems to be influenced by free jazz and Captain Beefheart. There are six covers, including Patti Smith's "Gloria". Two songs were co-written with Daniel Johnston; "Titanic", and " Hand Without a Body".
Legacy.
Kurt Cobain of Nirvana called this his 37th favorite album in his top 50 favorite album list in his Journals.

</doc>
<doc id="31101331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101331" title="Richard B. Hoover">
Richard B. Hoover

Richard B. Hoover (B.Sc.) (b. January 3, 1943) is a scientist who has authored 33 volumes and 250 papers on astrobiology, extremophiles, diatoms, solar physics, X-ray/EUV optics and meteorites. He holds 11 U.S. patents and was 1992 NASA Inventor of the Year. He was employed at the United States' NASA Marshall Space Flight Center from 1966, where he worked on astrophysics and astrobiology. He established the Astrobiology Group there in 1997 and until his retirement late 2011 he headed their astrobiology research. He conducted research on microbial extremophiles in the Antarctic, microfossils, and chemical biomarkers in precambrian rocks and in carbonaceous chondrite meteorites.
Hoover is best known for having claimed three times (1997, 2007, and 2011) to have discovered fossilized microorganisms in a collection of select meteorites.
Early life.
Hoover was born in Sikeston, Missouri on January 3, 1943. He obtained his B.Sc. degree with majors in physics, mathematics and French in 1964 from Henderson State University in Arkadelphia, Arkansas. He did graduate work in theoretical mathematics at Duke University on an NSF fellowship translating the Nicolas Bourbaki French volume on multi-dimensional vector spaces, and was completing his thesis on X-ray diffraction in the Physics Department of the University of Arkansas when he left the University in 1966 to join NASA.
Career.
Working at the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, beginning in 1966, Hoover has taken part in astrobiological research carried out there since 1997. In 1998, he participated in two of the astrobiology proposals funded by the newly formed NASA Virtual Astrobiology Institute. He was co-investigator with David McKay (PI) of the NASA Johnson Space Center on the study of biomarkers and microfossils in meteorites, astromaterials and ancient terrestrial rocks, and collaborated with Kenneth Nealson (PI) from NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory on the investigation of microbial extremophiles from some of the Earth's most hostile environments as related to the co-evolution of planets and biospheres.
Hoover is noted for his early work at NASA on Fraunhofer diffraction, and the development of X-ray/EUV telescopes for solar physics research. He developed the "ATM Experiment S-056 grazing incidence X-ray telescope" and obtained 25,000 solar x-ray images from Skylab, and developed the instrument that obtained the first high resolution X-ray/EUV (X-ray to extreme ultraviolet) images of the Sun ever obtained with a normal incidence multilayer X-ray telescope.
He performed research on unicellular algae known as diatoms, and is noted for his discovery of microbial extremophiles from places such as Mono Lake, deep Lake Vostok ice cores, deep sea hydrothermal vents, and the living pleistocene bacterium "Carnobacterium pleistocenium" isolated from the 32,000 year old permafrost from Fox Tunnel in Alaska. Hoover retired from NASA in December 2011.
Carbonaceous meteorites.
Since 1997, Richard B. Hoover has published numerous papers in scientific conference proceedings and in peer-reviewed scientific journal articles and book chapters describing controversial evidence and claims for the existence of indigenous microfossils of cyanobacteria and other filamentous prokaryotes in the CI1 (Ivuna and Orgueil) and CM2 (Murchison and Murray) carbonaceous meteorites. He organized and co-chaired the NASA/NATO/INTAS sponsored 'Astrobiology Advanced Study Institute' that was held in Chania, Crete in 2002. In 2005, he published a description of what he claims are microfossils found in the Murchison meteorites, and microfossils from the Orgueil meteorite.
Hoover's evidence for fossilized bacteria in meteorites has been published in 1997, 2007, and 2011. However, NASA officially distanced itself from Hoover's latest claim and his lack of expert peer reviews. 
Extremophiles.
Hoover has collected meteorites and microbial extremophiles from Antarctica; novel bacteria from glaciers and permafrost of Antarctica, Patagonia, Siberia, Alaska and from haloalkaline lakes, geysers and volcanoes of California, Alaska, Crete and Hawaii. Hoover has described and published several new species and two new genera of bacteria and archaea: Anaerovirgula and Proteocatella. He has authored four new species of bacteria ("Spirochaeta americana, Desulfonatronum thiodismutans, Tindallia californiensis") from Mono Lake; and "Carnobacterium pleistocenium" that survived for 32,000 years in a frozen Alaskan pond.
2008: Tawani Foundation International Lake Untersee, Antarctica Expedition to search for extremophiles in the Anuchin Glacier and beneath the permanent ice cover of Lake Untersee:;
2009: BBC Expedition to Vatnajökull Ice Cap and Kverkfjöll, Glacier Ice Cave in Iceland to explore life in ice and film the BBC/Discovery production "Seven Wonders of the Solar System."
For Expeditions to Alaska, Siberia and Antarctica Hoover was elected a Fellow National (FN’01) of the Explorer’s Club. He carried Explorer’s Club # 162 on the expeditions to study microbial extremophiles in the Schirmacher Oasis and Lake Untersee of East Antarctica and prepared the Flag Report describing preliminary results from these Antarctic expeditions:</ref>
Other.
Hoover co-directed the NATO Advanced Study Institute on Astrobiology and his book "Perspectives in Astrobiology" was published in 2005. He is a fellow of SPIE and has served on the Boards of Directors of SPIE (1991–2002); the American Association of Engineering Societies (1999–2001) and the Council of Scientific Society Presidents (2002). Richard B. Hoover was 2001 President of SPIE. In 2009, Hoover was awarded the highest honor bestowed by SPIE – the Gold Medal of the Society - "In Recognition for his work X-Ray/EUV Optics and Astrobiology". Hoover retired from NASA in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31101368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101368" title="Textile Education in Bangladesh">
Textile Education in Bangladesh

Numerous universities in Bangladesh offer degrees in textile fields, including a number called textile universities that specialize in textile education. Textile courses offered include spinning, weaving, knitting, dyeing, printing, finishing, and garments.
Public-Private-Partnership.
It's the first and only one public -private partnership (ppp) textile education institute in Bangladesh.
Diploma In Textile Institutes.
There are several Diploma institutes in Bangladesh under the Bangladesh Technical Education Board (BTEB) on order of Institute of Textile Engineering & Technology (ITET).

</doc>
<doc id="31101372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101372" title="1971 Scottish soldiers' killings">
1971 Scottish soldiers' killings

The three Scottish soldiers' killings was an incident that took place in Northern Ireland during The Troubles. It happened on 10 March 1971, when the Provisional Irish Republican Army shot dead three unarmed British Army soldiers of the 1st Battalion, Royal Highland Fusiliers. Two of the three were teenage brothers; all three were from Scotland. They were killed off-duty and in civilian clothes having been lured from a city-centre bar in Belfast, Northern Ireland, driven to a remote location and shot whilst relieving themselves by the roadside. Whilst three British soldiers had been killed prior to this event, all three had been on-duty and killed during rioting.
The deaths led to public mourning and protests against the Provisional IRA. Pressure to act precipitated a political crisis for the government of Northern Ireland, which led to the resignation of Northern Ireland Prime Minister James Chichester-Clark. The British Army raised the minimum age needed to serve in Northern Ireland to 18 in response to this incident. In 2010 a memorial was dedicated to the three soldiers near to where they were killed in north Belfast.
Events.
British troops had been deployed to Northern Ireland in 1969 for Operation Banner in response to a deteriorating security situation following the 1969 Northern Ireland riots. The British Army had become involved in the disturbances culminating in the Falls Curfew of July 1970. The Provisional Irish Republican Army was created in December 1969 after a split from the Official Irish Republican Army. After the split, the Provisional IRA planned for an "all-out offensive action against the British occupation". Provisional IRA Chief of Staff Seán Mac Stíofáin decided they would "escalate, escalate and escalate" until the British agreed to go. The IRA Army Council sanctioned offensive operations against the British Army at the beginning of 1971. In this year, Robert Curtis was the first British soldier shot and killed by the Provisional IRA, on 6 February 1971, and two more soldiers were killed prior to 10 March.
Brothers John and Joseph McCaig from Ayr and Dougald McCaughey from Glasgow in Scotland (ages 17, 18 and 23) were privates serving with the 1st Battalion, The Royal Highland Fusiliers, stationed at Girdwood barracks in Belfast. The shootings occurred on 10 March 1971 after the three soldiers had been granted an afternoon pass which allowed them to leave their base. McCaughey's younger brother was serving in the same unit but was on duty and unable to join them. The three soldiers were off-duty, unarmed and in civilian clothes. They were drinking in "Mooney's", a Belfast city centre bar in Cornmarket, one of the safer areas of the city for soldiers at this stage in "the Troubles". The three previous shootings that year had occurred in different circumstances, during rioting. One report said that the three Scottish soldiers were enticed into a car by Republican women who promised them a party. The three were taken to the White Brae, Squire's Hill, off the Ligoniel Road in North Belfast. There they were killed by Provisional IRA members; two were shot in the back of the head and the other in the chest.
Aftermath.
The day after the killings, British Home Secretary Reginald Maudling made a statement in the House of Commons in which he informed the house that security arrangements for off-duty soldiers were being reviewed and suggested that the aim of the killers was to provoke the security forces into reprisals. He said that: 
The funerals were held in Scotland with John and Joseph McCaig buried together in Ayr. Their older brother, serving with the Royal Marines in Singapore, was flown home for the service. That day, 20,000 people attended rallies in Belfast and Carrickfergus. In Belfast, the cenotaph at the City Hall was the focus of the mourning with 10,000 people attending including workers from factories in a gathering that stopped the traffic in the city centre. Many wept openly. The Reverend Ian Paisley led the mourners in laying dozens of wreaths. The crowd observed a two-minute silence and sang a hymn and the national anthem.
The deaths lead to a crisis for the government of Northern Ireland with calls for increased security measures. Ian Paisley demanded the Stormont Government's resignation, saying "We can no longer tolerate your weakness. You must go before the whole land is deluged with the blood of innocent men and women." On 12 March, 4,000 shipyard workers took to the streets of Belfast to demand internment. The Northern Ireland Prime Minister James Chichester-Clark flew to London to request more troops, and when the numbers were not what he wanted, he resigned. On 23 March 1971, Brian Faulkner was elected Ulster Unionist Party leader and was appointed Prime Minister the same day.
The British Army raised the minimum age for serving in Northern Ireland to 18 in response to the death of 17-year-old John McCaig.
No one has been convicted of the killings. The "Daily Mirror" reported in November 2007 that three Provisional IRA men were responsible for the deaths: Martin Meehan (died 2007), Patrick McAdorey, and a third unnamed man. Meehan was questioned over the killings but was never charged. McAdorey was shot and killed in August 1971 during a gun battle in the Ardoyne area of Belfast. He was also suspected of the fatal shooting, hours before his own death, of Private Malcolm Hatton of the Green Howards. The case of the three soldiers is one of those being re-examined by the Police Service of Northern Ireland's Historical Enquiries Team.
Memorial.
The mother of the two McCaig brothers visited the site of their deaths in May 1972. She expressed a wish to leave a monument to her sons but was advised that it might well be damaged by vandals. She later said that she was touched by the wreaths and flowers that had been left at the spot.
In 2010 the Royal British Legion Oldpark/Cavehill branch in Belfast raised money from the sale of badges to erect a memorial to the men. On 28 May 2010, a memorial stone was placed at the site of the killings on Squire's Hill by the families and former regimental colleagues of the three soldiers. The next day a 15-foot obelisk incorporating carved images of the deceased was dedicated to the soldiers at nearby Ballysillan Avenue. A service of remembrance with regimental drums and colours was then held at Ballysillan leisure centre attended by around 1000 people including Lord Mayor of Belfast Naomi Long and North Belfast MP Nigel Dodds.
Vandalism.
The memorial at White Brae, Ligoniel, that marks the place of the killings was vandalised on July 2011.
Sectarian graffiti was daubed on the memorial and the stones surrounding the memorial were scattered across the road. The ceremonial ropes were ripped off and the poppy wreaths that had been laid at a recent ceremony on 29 May 2011 to mark the first anniversary of the memorial's opening were scattered across nearby fields.
The memorial has been attacked on numerous occasions since, costing thousands to repair. Memorial vandalised again in hate crime.

</doc>
<doc id="31101375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101375" title="More Cole Español">
More Cole Español

More Cole Español is a 1962 studio album by Nat King Cole, arranged by Ralph Carmichael and recorded in Mexico City.
This was Cole's third album of Spanish themed music, following "Cole Español" (1958) and "A Mis Amigos" (1959).
Reception.
The Allmusic review by William Ruhlmann awarded the album three and a half stars, and said that compared to his two other Spanish albums Cole "still didn't sound like he always knew what he was singing, and he still seemed to be working on his pronunciation, but on "More Cole Español" he was clearly having a lot more fun"

</doc>
<doc id="31101380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101380" title="HMS Ajax (S125)">
HMS Ajax (S125)

HMS "Ajax" is a proposed "Astute"-class nuclear-powered fleet submarine of the Royal Navy and will be the seventh in her class. She will be the ninth vessel of the Royal Navy to bear the name, after the Greek hero Ajax.
The confirmation for the seventh and final "Astute"-class boat was given in the Strategic Defence and Security Review of October 2010, although an order has yet to be placed. On 11 December 2012 the British government announced that long-lead items had been ordered for boats 6 & 7.
Design.
Propulsion system.
A confusing press release suggested that "Ajax" would have the same PWR3 nuclear reactor as the Successor class SSBNs but in October 2012 it was confirmed that she would have a PWR2 like the rest of the Astute class. "Ajax"s nuclear reactor will not need to be refuelled during the boat's 25 year service. Since the submarine can replenish her air supply and purify water underway and while submerged, she will be able to circumnavigate the planet without resurfacing. The submarine's main limitation will be from the three months supply of food carried for the 98 officers and ratings.
Weapons.
"Ajax" will have provision for up-to 38 weapons in six 21-inch (533 mm) torpedo tubes:

</doc>
<doc id="31101384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101384" title="Fire in the Sky (Half Japanese album)">
Fire in the Sky (Half Japanese album)

Fire In the Sky is an album released by the rock group Half Japanese. 

</doc>
<doc id="31101389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101389" title="Asher A. Galbreath">
Asher A. Galbreath

Asher A. Galbreath (June 8, 1864 – December 18, 1935) was a lawyer, politician, educator, and businessman. He was the founder, president, and professor at two colleges. He was elected Mayor of Rogers, Ohio and State Senator. He was also the president of the National Typewriter Company. He was married and had six children.
Early life and education.
Galbreath was born on a farm in Fairfield Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, on June 8, 1864. He graduated from Lisbon High School. In 1888 he graduated from Mt. Union College, in Alliance, Ohio.
Political life.
Galbreath was an attorney in Columbiana County, Ohio. Locally, he was elected Mayor of Rogers, Ohio, and also held the position of County Liquor License Commissioner of Columbiana County. In 1917 he was elected State Senator and was part of the 82nd Ohio General Assembly. In 1924 and again in 1926, Galbreath ran for Lieutenant Governor of Ohio but was defeated in the primary election on both occasions.
College president and professor.
Galbreath served as president and professor at Volant Normal Academy in Volant, Pennsylvania. At that time, a normal school existed to provide high school graduates with necessary training to become teachers. Construction of Volant Normal Academy was started in 1888 and the first classes were held in the Methodist Episcopal Church starting in 1889. Galbreath was called the "driving force" behind the creation of the academy. His wife, Anna M. Galbreath, was referred to as "the mother of Volant College".
Volant Normal Academy was completed and dedicated in May 1889. The school was given the authority to grant degrees and the first commencement was held in the spring of 1890. The college was renamed Volant College in 1892. At its peak, the college had approximately 150 students.
Enrollment at the college declined due to the competition with schools such as Westminster College and Grove City College. Additionally, an investigation into the validity of the degree program took place in 1898. The college was cleared as a result of the investigation.
In 1894, Galbreath and his brother Charles purchased Mt. Hope Academy in Rogers. In December 1896 Professor Galbreath left Volant to manage Mt. Hope College.
The attorney general for the State of Ohio filed a petition against Mt. Hope College in February 1900 alleging that the college was conferring degrees solely on the basis of fees paid by the student to the president of the college and that the college was conferring degrees without requiring the students to attend classes or pass any kind of examination. As a result of the investigation the charter of Mt. Hope College was annulled and the college was closed.
After the closing of Mt. Hope College, Galbreath's endeavors included running a correspondence school known as Carnegie College in Rogers. and the renting and sale of typewriters for the Galbreath Typewriter Company (through Carnegie College).

</doc>
<doc id="31101423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101423" title="CI1 fossils">
CI1 fossils

CI1 fossils refer to alleged morphological evidence of microfossils found in five CI1 carbonaceous chondrite meteorite fall: Alais, Orgueil, Ivuna, Tonk and Revelstoke. The research was published in March 2011 in the "Journal of Cosmology" by Richard B. Hoover, an engineer. However, NASA distanced itself from Hoover's claim and his lack of expert peer-reviews.
Findings.
Hoover's team used Environmental (ESEM) and Field Emission Scanning Electron Microscopy (FESEM) to analyze the meteorite samples, studying internal surfaces. Hoover also produced electron micrographs which he believes resemble the shape of trichomic cyanobacteria and other trichomic prokaryotes such as the filamentous sulfur bacteria. For comparison, Hoover compared the samples to those of terrestrial minerals and biological materials. Hoover concludes from these results that the CI1 fossils are indigenous to the samples.
The claims were initially submitted to the "International Journal of Astrobiology", which rejected the paper. NASA distanced itself from Hoover's claims, and the claims were debunked soon after publication.

</doc>
<doc id="31101428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101428" title="Starkfield">
Starkfield

Starkfield can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31101431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101431" title="Kamaitachi (band)">
Kamaitachi (band)

History.
"Kamaitachi" was formed in October 1985 by drummer Ken-chan and bassist Mogwai. After several member changes, vocalist Sceana and guitarist Kazzy joined completing the final lineup. They signed with Free-Will in 1989 and released their debut album, "Itachigokko", in September. The album sold out by pre-orders alone, so a second press was released the following year under the title, "Super Itachigokko". That year the band signed to Toy's Factory and in September released their major debut, "Hachamecha Kyou". They released their third album, "Jekyll to Hyde -Masturbation-", on June 1, 1991. However, at a June 26 concert they announced they would disband after their last concert on September 6, 1991, for unknown reasons. Later that month a single and a compilation album, both titled "I Love You", were released to fulfill their contract.
After disbanding, Ken-chan started using the stagename "Kenzi" and started the band The Dead Pop Stars and the long-running hardcore punk act Anti Feminism. Sceana and Kazzy formed the industrial rock duo Genkaku Allergy, while Mogwai performs in the punk band Flesh for Flankenstein.

</doc>
<doc id="31101439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101439" title="Azarath (band)">
Azarath (band)

Azarath is a Polish death metal band from Tczew, formed in 1998.
History.
Azarath was formed in October 1998 by Inferno, Bruno and D. The band then recorded their first demos, "Traitors" and "Promo 2000". After being joined by Bart and completing the lineup, the band then played many shows to support the demos and eventually wrote and recorded their debut album, "Demon Seed", in Hertz Studio. The album was met with positive reviews and good response, which got the band an invitation from Polish death metal band Vader to be a supporting act for Vader's Revelations Tour in 2002.
In late August 2003, the band recorded their second album, "Infernal Blasting", in Hendrix Studio. Like the first album, it was met with a positive response from critics and fans. After the recording session for the album, D. left the band because of personal reasons. The band eventually found a second guitarist, Trufel, from the band Yattering, and began touring to promote new album.
Between June and August of 2006, the band recorded their newest album, "Diabolic Impious Evil", at Hendrix Studio and Hertz Studio. The album was released on September 16, 2006. After the release of the album, the band started touring in the Blitzkrieg 4 tour, supporting Vader, along with Vesania and Trauma. In November 2007, the band played the Legions of Death Attack Tour in Poland with Adam Sierzega on drums, the former drummer of Lost Soul, together with Stillborn and Deception.
In October 2008, the band signed a new deal with Agonia Records upon release of their forthcoming fourth studio album, "Praise the Beast", which was released as a standard CD, LP and limited digipak with bonus tracks. At around the same time, the band signed with American record label Deathgasm Records for a standard CD release for the North American territory. The album was released on May 25, 2009. The band played several festivals to support the album, including the Inferno Fest in Oslo in April, the Devilstone Fest in Lithuania in June, and the PartySan Fest in Germany in August 2009. Later on, for eleven days during September and October of 2009, the band (along with Hermh and Black River) supported Behemoth on their Polish "Evangelion" tour. After the tour, Bruno decided to leave the band and focus on his private life. The band continued on with Necrosodom, from the bands Anima Damnata, Thunderbolt, and Throneum, as the new bass player and vocalist.
In January 2011, the band underwent further lineup changes. The band split up with Thrufel, and Necrosodom took over guitar duties instead of bass. The band recruited P. as the new bassist. Towards the end of 2010, the band signed Witching Hour Productions. Shortly after, recording sessions for the band's fifth album took place between January and February of 2011 in Hertz Studio, wherethe Wiesławscy Bros were responsible for production, mixing, and mastering. On April 10, Witching Hour released an EP titled "Holy Possession", which consisted of the title track and a cover of "Rebel Souls" by the band Damnation. The band's fifth album, "Blasphemers' Maledictions", was released on June 6, 2011 by Witching Hour Productions. In September of 2011, the band began touring for the album by playing a tour in Poland along with Italian band Bulldozer, and Polish bands Witchmaster and Deus Mortem. In December 2011, the band played the European Hatefest Tour, supporting acts like Triptykon, Marduk, and Kataklysm. During the summer of 2012, the band played the Extreme Festival in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="31101445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101445" title="Ralph Ellerker">
Ralph Ellerker

Sir Ralph Ellerker (died 1546), was an English soldier, knight and Member of Parliament.
Ellerker was the eldest son of Sir Ralph Ellerker of Risby, Yorkshire, by Anne, daughter of Sir Thomas Gower of Stittenham. The elder Ellerker took part in the useless Spanish expedition in 1512, was an esquire of the king's body, received a salary as one of the king's spears of honour, and died in 1540. Both father and son were knighted in 1513 by the Earl of Surrey at Flodden Field. Whether it was he or his son who represented Scarborough in the parliament of 1529 is uncertain. 
The younger Ellerker was appointed chief steward of the lordships of Cotingham and Rise in 1522, and from that time onward frequently was on the commission of the peace for the East Riding. He was on the royal commission to treat for redress of outrages in the west marches in 1531, when he also served on a commission for the reform of the weirs and fishgarths in Yorkshire. In 1533 he was busy in the north mustering troops and fighting, and in July of that year he was one of the English commissioners who concluded a year's truce with Scotland. 
He was returned as knight of the shire for Yorkshire for the parliament of 1542. In that year he was also head of a commission appointed to survey the waste grounds on the border, to describe the condition of 'all castells, towers, barmekins, and fortresses,' and to advise on the best means for strengthening the defences and peopling the district. The official report of this commission is preserved among the Harleian MSS. (292, ff. 97-123). In the same year Ellerker was one of the council at Calais, and in 1544 he was marshal of the English army in Boulogne when that town was captured. He distinguished himself by taking the crest from the dauphin of France. He returned to England in January 1545-6, but in April was at Boulogne again, and died there in battle in that month. 
He was buried in the church of St. Mary at Boulogne. He had married Joan, daughter of John or Thomas Arden, by whom he had a son, Ralph. Ralph was High Sheriff of Yorkshire in 1529, was knighted by Henry VIII for winning an ensign in France, and was killed by the French on 1 August 1550.

</doc>
<doc id="31101455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101455" title="Gonipterus gibberus">
Gonipterus gibberus

Gonipterus gibberus is a species of weevil in the Curculionidae family. It is commonly known as the eucalyptus snout beetle, the eucalyptus weevil or the gum tree weevil. It feeds and breeds on "Eucalyptus" trees and is endemic to Australia.
Description.
This weevil is greyish-brown with a light coloured transverse band. It is about thirteen millimetres long and not readily distinguishable from the closely related weevil, "Gonipterus scutellatus", which shares the same common names. The larvae are yellowish-green with dark markings and no green stripes on the abdomen, which distinguishes them from larvae of "G. scutellatus".
Host plants.
"Eucalyptus" trees are the only hosts for the gum tree weevil. The species most susceptible to attack include "Eucalyptus camaldulensis", "Eucalyptus globulus", "Eucalyptus maidenii", "Eucalyptus punctata", "Eucalyptus robusta", "Eucalyptus smithii" and "Eucalyptus viminalis".
Distribution.
The gum tree weevil is endemic to Australia where "Eucalyptus" trees are native. The weevil has spread to South America, either as eggs and larvae on imported planting material or in soil, and is found in Argentina, Uruguay and the states of Paraná, Rio Grande do Sul and Santa Catarina in Brazil.
Life history.
Over a period of about three months, adult female gum tree weevils lay about two hundred eggs in batches of about ten contained in grey coloured capsules attached to leaves. These hatch after about a week and the larvae begin to feed on leaves and young shoots. After moulting three times, the larvae crawl or fall to the ground where they pupate a few centimetres beneath the surface. The weevil's life cycle takes seven to eleven weeks from egg laying to maturity, depending on the temperature. In Mauritius there are about four generations annually and the weevils breed throughout the year. In South Africa there are two generations and they overwinter as adults.
Significance.
The gum tree weevil is of little economic significance in Australia where it has natural enemies. In other countries where "Eucalyptus" has been introduced, that is not the case. Adult gum tree weevils feed mostly on leaves and the soft bark of twigs while the larvae feed mostly on leaves. Heavy infestations cause die back of shoots which may result in the development of epicormic shoots. Repeated defoliations may cause the splitting and death of branches or even whole trees.

</doc>
<doc id="31101474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101474" title="Manapuram">
Manapuram


</doc>
<doc id="31101494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101494" title="A Mis Amigos">
A Mis Amigos

A Mis Amigos is a 1959 studio album by Nat King Cole, arranged by Dave Cavanaugh and recorded in Rio de Janeiro.
This was Cole's second album of Spanish themed music (despite it also features three songs in Portuguese, "Suas Mãos", "Caboclo Do Rio" and "Não Tenho Lágrimas"), following "Cole Español" (1958) and preceding "More Cole Español" (1962).
Reception.
The Allmusic review by William Ruhlmann awarded the album three and a half stars, and said that Cole "still didn't have much feeling for Spanish"

</doc>
<doc id="31101519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101519" title="Thomas Ellerker">
Thomas Ellerker

Thomas Ellerker (1738–1795), was an English Jesuit.
Life.
Ellerker was born at Hart, near Hartlepool, County Durham, on 21 September 1738, entered the Society of Jesus in 1755, and in due course became a professed father. When the order was suppressed in 1773 he accompanied his fellow Jesuits to Liège, and thence emigrated with the community in 1794 to Stonyhurst, Lancashire, where he died on 1 May 1795.
Writings.
Ellerker, who is described by Dr. Oliver as "one of the ablest professors of theology that the English province ever produced" was the author of "Tractatus Theologicus de Jure et Justitiâ" (1767) and "Tractatus de Incarnatione".

</doc>
<doc id="31101533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101533" title="Winona Lake (Flathead County, Montana)">
Winona Lake (Flathead County, Montana)

Winona Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Winona Lake is west of Logging Lake.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (M-Z)

</doc>
<doc id="31101540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101540" title="Krsto II Oršić">
Krsto II Oršić

Count Krsto II Oršić Slavetićki (), (1718–1782) was a Croatian nobleman and high-ranking officer in the Habsburg Monarchy imperial army service, a member of the Oršić noble family.
Life.
Krsto Oršić was the son of Bernard III Oršić Slavetićki and his wife Ana née Patačić. He was educated in Bologna and Vienna. In 1741 he devoted himself to military career, taking part in several wars and many battles like War of the Austrian Succession and Seven Years' War. He achieved the rank of Field Marshal.
During his lifetime, Oršić performed some other duties as well, for instance the assessor at the Croatian Parliament seat in Zagreb and grand župan of Zagreb County. In 1744, he married the Hungarian countess, Josipa (Jozefa) Zichy (1725–1778) who bore him sons Adam (1748–1820) and Franjo (1758–1807).
As a descendant of a distinguished and rich noble family, he owned a large number of castles, palaces and estates in Croatia, e.g. Gornja Stubica Castle, Gornja Bistra Castle at Zaprešić, Slavetić Castle at Jastrebarsko, Jurketinec Castle at Varaždin, castle in Severin na Kupi and palaces in Zagreb and Varaždin. On the site of a previous fortress from the Middle Ages in Gornja Stubica, he had a brand new baroque castle built in 1756. Between 1770 and 1775 he had another baroque castle constructed on his Gornja Bistra estate.
After he retired from the army, Krsto Oršić withdrew with his wife Josipa to his newly built Gornja Bistra castle, where they spent their last years together. Josipa soon died (in 1778 in neighbouring Oroslavje) and Krsto lived alone until his death in Zagreb in 1782.

</doc>
<doc id="31101552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101552" title="List of tallest buildings in Zimbabwe">
List of tallest buildings in Zimbabwe

Zimbabwe is one of the most infrastructurally developed countries in Southern Africa. And the capital is Harare which is where most of development is concentrated. In Zimbabwe, there are 12 buildings that stand taller than 70 metres (230 ft). The tallest building in Zimbabwe is the New Reserve Bank tower at 28 stories and . These buildings were constructed in a modernist architectural style, representing the Country's efforts to add visual interest to the cities skylines. The second-tallest building in the country is the Joina City Tower in Harare, standing at , the project was completed in 2010 after 14 years of construction and is Zimbabwe's first skyscraper built in 10 years. However, the actual fact is that the tallest building is not in the capital city of Harare. The tallest building in Zimbabwe is in a small town of Zvishavane.
, the country contains 3 skyscrapers over and 30 high-rise buildings that exceed in height.
There are no major developments under construction or proposed in the country .
Buildings.
Apparently the tallest building in Zimbabwe is in Zvishavane. The building is 144m and has 33 floors.
This list ranks Zimbabwe high-rises that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.

</doc>
<doc id="31101554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101554" title="Murnaghan">
Murnaghan

Murnaghan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31101555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101555" title="Laurence Esmonde">
Laurence Esmonde

Laurence Esmonde may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31101559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101559" title="River Lynch">
River Lynch

The River Lynch, also known as the Lynch Brook, is a minor tributary of the River Lea in Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, England.
History.
Historically, the River Lynch was named after the flat terraces, known as a lynch in Old English, which were formed when cultivating the steep slopes of a river valley, much the same as the rice terraces of South East Asia. The terrace, or lynch, was designed to reduce soil erosion by slowing the rapid run-off of water, and a series of these terraces gave the Lynch landscape a stepped appearance. These terraces were used extensively in the area directly above the River Lynch for the production of water cress during the 19th and early 20th centuries, using the fertile brick earth soils of the valley sides. The site of these former terraces is still clearly visible today within the Lampits housing estate, in the sloping open area below the course of the New River, leading downhill to Conduit Lane East and the Lynch Mill Pond. 
The terraces at the Lynch were situated above a deep funnel-shaped natural hole that carried water up from the chalk. The pond and watermill at Lynch Corner, fed by the spring, were described in medieval court rolls, as being ancient and known locally as 'Le Lince.' 
The New River, which passes directly overhead, closely hugging the 100 foot contour of the Lea Valley, destroyed much of the original landscape of the area, notably Lynch Hill and the Lynch Gap.
Course.
The course of the River Lynch has been altered extensively over the centuries for use in agriculture and then later for gravel extraction. The spring by the Lynch also supplies the Admiral's Walk Lake in the Lee Valley Park with clear water. 
Beginning in the rear property of Spring Lodge on Conduit Lane East, Hoddesdon, the Lynch is joined by the flow of the Woollens Brook after Bridgeways, the site of the former Lynch Mill, and then flows in an eastern direction under the Lea Valley Lines towards the former Lee Valley Caravan Park at Dobbs Weir. The Lynch then continues its journey in a southerly direction along a straightened channel, forming the western boundary of the caravan park, before joining the former original loop of the River Lea, which in turn becomes Broxbourne Mill Stream, by Dobbs Weir Lock.
Public access.
It is possible to walk alongside the Lynch by following a public footpath to Dobbs Weir, albeit much of it has been enclosed within the gardens of the houses along Bridgeways, a private and unadopted road in Hoddesdon. The Lynch is visible and can be heard as you walk along the path where it is joined by the Woollens Brook before passing under the railway lines.

</doc>
<doc id="31101563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101563" title="Armando Carlini">
Armando Carlini

Armando Carlini (August 9, 1878–September 30, 1959)
was an Italian philosopher and author.
He was born in Naples, Italy. Carlini was a follower of the Fascist philosopher Giovanni Gentile. In 1922 he replaced Gentile in the chair of theoretical philosophy
at the University of Pisa. He died in Pisa, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31101568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101568" title="Winchester High School (Illinois)">
Winchester High School (Illinois)

Winchester High School, or WHS, is a public four-year high school located at 200 West Cross Street in Winchester, Illinois, a village in Scott County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States. WHS serves the communities and surrounding areas of Winchester, Alsey, and Manchester. The campus is located 19 miles southwest of Jacksonville, Illinois, and serves a mixed village and rural residential community.
Academics.
Winchester High School did not make Adequate Yearly Progress, with 53% of students meeting or exceeding standards, on the Prairie State Achievement Exam, an Illinois state test part of the No Child Left Behind Act. The average high school graduation rate in the period 1999-2010 was 95.6%.
Athletics and activities.
Winchester High School competes in the Western Illinois Valley Conference and is a member school in the Illinois High School Association. Their mascot is the Cougars, with school colors of black and silver. The school has 1 state championships on record in team athletics and activities, Girls Basketball in 2011 (1A). 
Due to relatively small student enrollments, WHS combines in a coop with neighboring Bluffs High School for all athletics. Their combined enrollment is 288. The coop is called the West Central Coop, not to be confused with West Central High School, or the West Central Conference. The coop maintains the mascot and colors of Winchester High School.
History.
Winchester High School incorporated neighboring Alsey High School in approximately 1949. They also incorporated neighboring Manchester High School sometime around that period.

</doc>
<doc id="31101582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101582" title="Laurence Esmonde, 1st Baron Esmonde">
Laurence Esmonde, 1st Baron Esmonde

Sir Laurence Esmonde, Ist Baron Esmonde (1570?–1646), was an Irish peer who held office as governor of Duncannon. He was a leading Irish Royalist commander in the English Civil War, but was later suspected of disloyalty and forced to surrender Duncannon. He was the ancestor of the Esmonde Baronets.
Early life.
Esmonde was the second son of Walter Esmonde of Johnstown, Wexford, and his wife Margaret, daughter of Michael Furlong of Horetown. He became a convert to Protestantism and served with credit against Spain in the Low Countries. In 1599 he was appointed to the command of 150 foot, and was actively engaged during the rebellion of Hugh O'Neill; and it appears from a letter of his to Lord Shrewsbury that he even endeavoured to procure the assassination or banishment of O'Neill but in this he was unsuccessful. His services were, however, rewarded with the honour of knighthood.
During one of his expeditions into Connaught he fell in love with the sister of Morrough O'Flaherty, whom he married, and by whom he had a son Thomas; but the lady was as remarkable for her Roman Catholic faith as for her personal charms, and fearing lest her infant son might be brought up a Protestant, she fled with him to her family in Connaught. Esmonde thereupon repudiated her and married the twice-widowed Ellice, or Elizabeth, daughter of the Hon. Walter Butler, fourth son of James, ninth earl of Ormonde. In December 1606 he succeeded Sir Josias Bodley as governor of the important fort of Duncannon, a post which he continued to hold till his death in 1646. In 1611, on the Lord Deputy of Ireland, Sir Arthur Chichester planning a plantation in Wexford, he and Sir Edward Fisher were appointed to survey the confiscated territory, and for his services he was rewarded with a grant of fifteen hundred acres.
Later career.
In 1619, having purchased a grant of certain lands in Wicklow from Sir Patrick Maule, Esmonde became involved in a transaction known as "the case of Phelim MacPheagh O'Byrne", which was thought to reflect discredit on him. He was charged with packing juries and torturing witnesses in order to wrest the land out of the possession of the O'Byrnes. The "finding of title" by Anglo-Irish and New English landowners to dispossess the Old Irish had become a common practice and the original landowners were largely helpless. O'Byrne's charges against Esmonde were dismissed and he in turn was convicted of perjury and imprisoned in Dublin Castle. O'Byrne however was undeterred, addressing a flood of petitions to the English Crown, accusing Esmonde and the Lord Deputy of Ireland, Lord Falkland, of conspiracy and perjury. O'Byrne did not regain his lands but he did damage his enemies' reputations, and Falkland's recall was thought to be partly due to the O'Byrne case. Wedgwood notes that the Earl of Strafford himself, when Lord Deputy, acquired much of the O'Byrne property by less than scrupulous means; bad as Esmonde's conduct may have been, it was no worse than that of many of his contemporaries.
Peerage.
He owned large properties in Wexford, Waterford, Kilkenny, and Tipperary, and was created Baron Esmonde of Lymbricke, Wexford, on 20 May 1632. The peerage was destined to die with him: his second marriage produced no heir, and while he treated his only son Thomas generously, he would not admit that his marriage to Thomas' mother was lawful.
Attack on Strafford.
In 1639 he was summoned before the Star Chamber for having conspired with Lord Mountnorris and Sir Piers Crosby to libel the Lord Deputy Strafford in the matter of one Robert Esmonde, a relative of Lord Esmonde, whose death Strafford was accused of causing by ill-treatment while he was being questioned about customs evasions. Wentworth, then at the height of his power, had the charge dismissed and brought a counter-suit for libel; but it was one of many accusations repeated at his impeachment two years later. Esmonde was one of many of the Anglo-Irish nobility who helped to bring Strafford down, only to see their own security destroyed in the ensuing Irish Rebellion of 1641.
Siege of Duncannon.
After the outbreak of the English Civil War he seems to have tried to maintain a neutral position between King Charles I and the English Parliament; but by 1646 the suspicions of the Irish Confederacy as to his loyalty had been aroused by the fact that many of his officers and soldiers were Roundheads and had broken the Cessation. They advised James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde 'to have a care of the fort of Duncannon.' Ormonde was unable or unwilling to interfere, but the Confederates were further alarmed by the defection of Lord Inchiquin to the side of Parliament. On the orders of the Confederacy, General Preston began the Siege of Duncannon in January 1646. The place was 'extremely decayed with age ;' but though 'the governor (Esmonde) was old and unable to act anything in this exigence,' 'the defendants behaved themselves exceeding well.'
The death of Esmond's second in command, Captain Lorcan, however, so discouraged them that they beat a parley, and without consulting Esmonde surrendered the fort on St. Patrick's Day. Next day a relief force from the English Parliament appeared in the river, but finding the place in the enemies' hands immediately sailed away. Esmonde, surviving the surrender of Duncannon two months, died at Adamstown, and was buried at Lymbricke in a church he had himself built.
Appearance.
He is said to have been a man of 'sanguine complexion, of an indifferent tall stature, a compact, solid, corpulent body, with robustious limbs.' 
Inheritance.
Having no issue by his second wife Elizabeth Butler, he bequeathed his immense property to Thomas Esmonde, the son of his repudiated first wife. Thomas could not inherit the barony, since his father, while willing to name him as his heir, would not admit his legitimacy, but in 1629 he was created the first of the Esmonde Baronets.

</doc>
<doc id="31101601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101601" title="Knute hitch">
Knute hitch

The Knute hitch is used to attach a lanyard of small stuff to a marlingspike or other tool. Rigger Brion Toss named the hitch after his favourite marlingspike of the same name, although the hitch is likely much older.
Tying.
The lanyard line should be just small enough to fit doubled through the lanyard hole in the tool. The end, with a figure-eight knot stopper, is placed into the protruding bight and then the bight is withdrawn, jamming in the hole. To release, pull on the end and remove it from the bight.

</doc>
<doc id="31101604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101604" title="Grace Kelly (musician)">
Grace Kelly (musician)

Grace Kelly (born Grace Chung; May 15, 1992) is an Asian-American jazz saxophonist, vocalist, songwriter, arranger, and bandleader. Kelly became the youngest ever musician voted to the "Down Beat" Magazine's Critics Poll at age 16. At 18 she released her sixth album, "Man with the Hat", a collaboration with jazz legend Phil Woods.
Biography.
Early life.
Born Grace Chung, in Wellesley, Massachusetts to Korean parents, she moved to Brookline, MA when she was two years old. Her mother remarried in 1997 to Robert Kelly, who legally adopted Grace a few years later, thus changing her name to Grace Kelly. Kelly was brought up in a family that greatly appreciates music and the arts.
Discovering the saxophone.
Kelly grew up in a household that appreciated music, especially the American Songbook, Broadway and jazz. Her parents used to play Stan Getz at Sunday brunch and she fell in love with “The Sound”. She wanted to play saxophone but was too young at the time. Kelly began taking classical piano lessons at age six, but changed to jazz because she liked making up her own melodies instead of playing what was written on the page. Kelly wrote her first song "On My Way Home" at age seven. In 4th grade, Kelly took up playing the clarinet through her elementary school, but switched over to saxophone privately later that year. At age 12, Kelly recorded her first CD, "Dreaming". While in the recording stages Kelly met Ann Hampton Callaway, a renowned jazz cabaret singer who offered to write the liner notes to Grace’s first CD. Of Kelly, she said “Her sensitivity, control and focus as an alto saxophonist is impressive. When I played some songs of hers for the legendary drummer Victor Lewis, he said, 'Wow I love her sound.'"
Education.
She left Brookline High School at age 16, earned her GED, and began study at Berklee College of Music on full scholarship, where she graduated December 2011 with a degree in Professional Music. Kelly studies or has studied saxophone with George Garzone, Lee Konitz, Greg Osby, Jerry Bergonzi, and Allan Chase.
Touring.
At age 14, Kelly appeared as special guest artist for two nights with Keith Lockhart and the Boston Pops 2007 Jazz Series. One of the selections Kelly performed was her award winning composition "Every Road I Walked" which she also arranged for the entire Pops orchestra.
Kelly opened the 2010 Newport Jazz Festival playing alongside Jamie Cullum.
She has performed in venues in the North America, Europe and Asia including Carnegie Hall, Rose Hall at JALC, Birdland, Kennedy Center, Detroit Jazz Festival, Blues Alley, Newport Jazz Festival, Montreal Jazz Festival, Toronto Jazz Festival, Boston Symphony Hall, Jazz Standard, 50th Grammy Awards (After party), Mary Lou Williams Jazz Festival, Ronnie Scotts, Duc des Lombard, Porgy & Bess.
Collaborations.
Kelly has recorded and/or performed with Lee Konitz, Phil Woods, Dave Brubeck, Hank Jones, Wynton Marsalis, Keith Lockhart, Frank Morgan, Kenny Barron, Cedar Walton, Marian McPartland, Harry Connick, Jr., Esperanza Spalding, Russell Malone, Rufus Reid, Matt Wilson, Ann Hampton Callaway, Jerry Bergonzi, Terri Lyne Carrington, Dianne Reeves, Chris Potter, Adam Rogers, Christian Scott, Peter Bernstein, James Cotton, Jamie Cullum, Monty Alexander, Dee Dee Bridgewater, Geri Allen, among others.
Critical reception.
Artist quotes.
"Grace Kelly plays with intelligence, wit and feeling. She has a great amount of natural ability and the ability to adapt. That is the hallmark of a first-class jazz musician.” ….Wynton Marsalis
"I first met Grace Kelly at the 2006 summer jazz program at Stanford University. I was amazed at her precocity and talent. Recently she sat in with me and the Jazz Ambassadors Jazz Band at the Pittsfield Jazz Fest. and we jammed together through "I’ll Remember April." How did she sound? I gave her my hat! That is how good she sounded! She is the first alto player to get one. Hooray for the future of jazz and the alto sax!” "Ten years ago I was asked by someone where the new Bird was going to come from. I said, half-jokingly, that it might be a dwarf, Albino woman from Africa. Jazz seems to be floundering right now, and we don’t have a clear-cut leader. Maybe Grace Kelly is the one. You just never know.” … Phil Woods
"Ms. Kelly is a phenomenon -- not a precociously talented child, but a complete improvising musician. With Konitz, one of the great individualists in jazz, she is a peer." ……Doug Ramsey- Rifftides
"Grace had invited me to play a few tunes on her new CD but once we got into the studio there were many inspired moments and it turned out to be a whole Cd on its own. I gave her permission to play better than I, if she just couldn’t stand it anymore. Grace is a fearless young improviser, and besides that she is fun to be around." …..Lee Konitz
"The future of our music is in good hands." …..Jimmy Heath
"Well after reading the glowing reviews from many of my peers on your CD jacket I expected something special, but words can only do so much justice toward introducing your talents and obvious dedication to music. It simply has to be heard...you know how to get to the essence of swing, sound, and true improvisation and whether you are playing or singing or composing this essence shines through and is the sign of a true artist at work. It also goes without saying, that you have a maturity far beyond your years. I look forward to following your career. I really think you will have a big impact on the music world.” ….. Randy Brecker
"Grace Kelly is a unique and genuine talent. Great young performers are nothing new, but someone who possesses such ease of expression and musical personality at such an early stage of her career is a find, indeed. I can’t wait to see what her future holds!" …Keith Lockhart
Critics quotes.
"Kelly does have a lovely tone, at her best she tends to avoid cliches in her playing, she has a knack for clever arrangements, she even writes decent tunes. Her singing is no match for her sax playing, though it’s not terrible, just a lot closer to pop and MOR than what we think of as jazz. Her lyrics are mostly what you’d expect from someone her age, a bit naive and not all that interesting.
In short, Kelly is not breaking any new ground and may not even as she matures." "...What’s not so easy to figure is how long she’ll remain so popular given the calculated style of show she put on in Ottawa Friday." Doug Fischer 
"It's a blessing from the gods, this kind of talent, and when we see it in someone young, we marvel at the contrast: a child with the outsize abilities of an adult." Todd Leopold 
"Grace is rapidly making her way up in the jazz music world. Grace's talents far outstrip others her age . . . So proclaims the teenagers web site. And this is no generic MySpace page, but (like everything associated with Ms. Kelly) a slick, professional presentation... Ah, I wish I was more impressed with Grace Kelly's saxophone playing. I have been told many times that I should be impressed with it." Ted Goia
"What if I told you that the future of jazz, which many have pronounced dead or dying in the last two decades, rested in the hands of a 16-year-old Korean American saxophonist named Grace Kelly? ….I’ve heard the future of jazz and it is Grace Kelly.” ...David Was, NPR’s Day to Day 
"Jazz has had its share of prodigies over the years, as well as players -- Miles Davis was one -- who established their creative credentials while they were barely out of their teens …..few teenage horn players, and even fewer who are female, have drawn much attention in recent years. With the exception, that is, of Grace Kelly, a 15-year-old alto saxophonist and singer Grace Kelly. Grace plays with stunning maturity and an extraordinary command of her instrument.” ...Don Heckman, Special to The LA Times
"I love this record…This young lady has bags of talent." ...Michael Jackson, Downbeat 
"Has she really got it? …. The answer turns out to be, yes.” ...William Ruhlman, JazzTimes 
"What gave the evening a "star is born" dramatic tension was the playing of an amazing alto saxophonist, Grace Kelly.” ...Mike Drew, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel 
"Grace Kelly is still on. No mere flash in the pan, Grace Kelly is here to stay.” ...Ken Dryden, All About Jazz 
"To say that Kelly plays with maturity beyond her years is to make the understatement of the decade. She has a strong, bright, centered sound, great harmonic and melodic command, and time and technique to burn... Make no mistake; Ms. Kelly has got the goods.” ...Billy Kerr, Saxophone Journal

</doc>
<doc id="31101606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101606" title="Sepp Haider">
Sepp Haider

Josef "Sepp" Haider (born 26 August 1953 in Dienten) is a former Austrian rally driver, who won Rally New Zealand in 1988, a round of the World Rally Championship.
Career.
After starting out in local rallies, Haider bought an Opel Kadett GT/E and competed in three rallies in the 1977 World Rally Championship season, but retired from all three. In 1987 he was signed by GM Euro Sport for a programme that included three WRC rounds, scoring his first points by finishing 10th on Rallye Sanremo. In 1988 he again did two WRC rounds, winning Rally New Zealand. He did three more WRC events for Opel in 1989, also winning the German championship. In 1993 he did three rounds in an Audi S2 entered by SMS, finishing seventh in Sweden and fifth in Australia, his final WRC event.

</doc>
<doc id="31101610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101610" title="Onycodes traumataria">
Onycodes traumataria

Onycodes traumataria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Australia, including New South Wales and Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="31101634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101634" title="Krupski">
Krupski

Krupski (, , , , ) - Belorussian are a noble, (gentry) family from Eastern Europe.
Origin of the Surname.
The family Krupski was before the 14th century together with common practice for all noblemen in Europe. Comes from attachment to a personal name of hereditary nobles who owned the family nest Krupe (now the village in Gmina Krasnystaw), founders genus Krupski. According to documentary texts in Latin and in Polish - "de Krupe". In Latin, Polish "Ivan de Krupe" - Johannis de Crupe (up to the 14th century). In the 15th century under the influence of Slavic culture in the texts in Polish there is definitely a modern form of surname Krupski. Polish, "Ivan Krupski" - Jan Krupski (Krupskij). Already on the Latin text of 1534 contains - "Crupsky" (an Act put on earth Krupski Jerome) in 1550 - "Crupski" (the Act of completing his studies at the Cracow University of Krupski Valery). In the Old Belorussian and Russian texts of the 19th century - "Крупскій (Крупскі)" or "Крупский". Surnames in Russian Empire became standard later than noble, after the abolition of serfdom in 1861 (Peasant Reform in Russia). Unique in the history of this genus is Prince Krupski (Andrey Kurbsky).
Origin.
The manuscript authoritative historian of the Polish Roman Catholic Bishop Jan Długosz (1415–1480) in the description of the emblem Korczak: ancestors Krupski - Korczak (in Latin - "Corczakowye"), and their nationality and ethnic origin - Rusyns (in Latin - "Genus Ruthenicum").
The first known Ancestor of the emblem Korczak - Rusin, diplomat and military commander Krupski Jerzy (1472–1548). He owned estates in Krupe "Chervona Rus" on land "Holmschina" (now - the village Krupe Gmina Krasnystaw Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship Poland). There he founded the fort in 1492. Provided the city the right to the little town Orchowo. In the battle with the Hungarians in Košice and Prešov (now - in Slovakia) in 1491-1492 saved by King John I Albert in battle, gave him his horse and sword (to escape persecution of enemies). Castellan city of Lviv in 1513, castellan city of Belz in 1515, with the 1509 canonik city of Lviv and canonik Belz and Cracow in 1518, restored for its money fortress Chełm town and the town of Belz, the starosta Holm city (Belz, Horodok, Hrubieszów - 1507) and governor "voivode" of the city of Belz in 1533; owner of the richest estates in "Chervona Rus" (now - Ukraine), Polish deputy, commissioner of the diplomatic service of King Sigismund I of Poland in obtaining an oath of loyalty to Bohdan Ruler of Wallachia in 1509, in 1514, he was ambassador to the Ottoman Sultan Selim I the Stern (1467–1520) signed him to a three-year Contract. He also in 1525 on behalf of Poland signed a truce with the princes of Pomerania (between Geh, Barney and Sigismund I the Old), signed an armistice at the Sejm "Piotrkowski". He was an adviser to King John I Albert (king of Poland 1492-1501) and Sigismund I the Old (king of Poland 1506-1548).
Coats of arms used by branches of the family.
Different branches of the family used Krupski emblems:
Identification: of which (the one to use) provides a metric connection with the descendant of the family, which last had a documented recognition ancestor (in accordance with generally accepted at genealogy and heraldry).
Having a relationship with the ancestors, descendants of the ancient clan Krupski's surname - House of Krupski (in the Polish historical sources - "Dom Krupskich byl wieku mego znaczny w Chelmskiem").
Estates owned by the Family.
The family founded the following churches:
The family at the time of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and of the Rzeczpospolita.
The surname Krupski was included in the Armorial () of the Rzeczpospolita, after 1413 Unia Grand Duchy of Lithuania with Poland.
The Register Zaporozhian Cossacks 1649 October 16 by King Jan II Casimir and Gentry Hetman Bogdan Khmelnitsky in Cossacks recorded gentlemen gentry:
The family in the Russian Empire.
The genus is recognized in the Russian nobility of Mogilev province in 1799 March 16 and in 1811 November 12 as "a noble ancient noble families", with the introduction of a 6 part Gentry Genealogy books (). A significant part of genus was not approved by the Russian nobility, and recorded in the tax paying class. Other branches of the family tree included in the Noble Genealogical Books Minsk, Vitebsk, Vilna, Kovno, Volhynia, Podolia and Kiev Guberniya. Were members of the genus and the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Forms of surnames.
In the masculine form in the Belarusian language - "Крупскі", in Polish - "Krupski", in Russian - "Крупский", in Ukrainian - "Крупський"; and feminine spell the end of "-aya" (Krupskaya). Whereas in English-speaking countries (in exile) the surname is not written in the feminine, and write the same for men and women - "Krupski".
Geography.
Modern representatives of the family (more than 2000 descendants) live mainly in Belarus, Lithuania, Ukraine, Poland, Russia; later, a smaller portion live as emigres in Latvia, Estonia, Great Britain, Ireland, Germany, Sweden, Switzerland, France, Italy, USA (recorded first Krupski immigrants from Europe in 1880), Canada, Australia, Moldova, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Israel, and Republic of South Africa.
Toponyms formed from the surnames genus Krupski:

</doc>
<doc id="31101648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101648" title="Uzbekistani Supreme Soviet election, 1990">
Uzbekistani Supreme Soviet election, 1990

Supreme Soviet elections were held in the Uzbek SSR on 18 February 1990. Of the 500 seats, 368 were decided in the first round. The result was a victory for the Communist Party of Uzbekistan, which won 348 of the 368 seats in the first round, whilst around 50 seats went to Unity.
Voter turnout was 93.5%.

</doc>
<doc id="31101652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101652" title="Winchester High School">
Winchester High School

Winchester High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31101656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101656" title="Erythrina orientalis">
Erythrina orientalis

Erythrina orientalis is a plant species in the genus "Erythrina.
The pterocarpan orientanol A can be isolated from the wood of "E. orientalis". The pterocarpans orientanol B and C, folitenol and erythrabyssin II, the pterocarpene erycristagallin and the prenylated isoflavone bidwillol A can be isolated from the roots.

</doc>
<doc id="31101674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101674" title="Anginal equivalent">
Anginal equivalent

An anginal equivalent is a symptom such as shortness of breath (dyspnea), diaphoresis, extreme fatigue, or pain at a site other than the chest, occurring in a patient at high cardiac risk. Anginal equivalents are considered to be symptoms of myocardial ischemia. Anginal equivalents are considered to have the same importance as angina pectoris in patients presenting with elevation of cardiac enzymes or certain EKG changes which are diagnostic of myocardial ischemia.

</doc>
<doc id="31101684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101684" title="Roger Welles">
Roger Welles

Roger Welles (1862–1932) was a U. S. naval officer, the first commander of USS "Oklahoma" and appointed the first "Navy Mayor" of San Diego.
Welles gave 33 years service to the navy in a variety of placements, eventually being promoted to Rear-Admiral. As an ensign he was engaged in surveys in Alaska, where he made a study of native peoples culture and language in his spare time. He served two years in the post of Special Counsel to the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, and was awarded by its board for research on Orinoco River Indians.
A former commander of the Naval Training Center in Newport, his command of the "Oklahoma" was a short period of time mainly involving the command as a training ship. This was because the oil-fired boilers that she used were not able to be fueled in England, as German U-boats had drained their supply. After he gave command over to Rear Admiral Spencer K. Wood, he was appointed Director of the Office of Naval Intelligence (April 1917 – January 1919).
Welles married Harriet Deen Gardner on 17 October 1908, who followed her husband's ship to Asia and later published accounts of journeys in "Scribner's Magazine" and the popular book "Anchors Aweigh". He was entered on the Navy's Retired List on 7 December 1926, upon attaining the age of 64, and died in New York on 26 April 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="31101691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101691" title="Anthony Mikovsky">
Anthony Mikovsky

Anthony Mikovsky is the Prime Bishop of the Polish National Catholic Church. He was elected at the General Synod of the church in October 2010. Mikovsky was previously the bishop ordinary of the Central Diocese of the Polish National Catholic Church.
Declaration of Scranton.
In April 2008, Mikovsky was one of eight bishops who were signatories of the Declaration of Scranton. By this document, bishops of the Polish National Catholic Church expressed their rejection of certain dogmatic pronouncements of the Roman Catholic Church, as well as the blessing of homosexual unions and the ordination of women to the priesthood. The Declaration of Scranton is an expansion upon the principles set forth in the Declaration of Utrecht, adding theologically conservative expressions of faith in the sacraments of marriage and holy orders. 

</doc>
<doc id="31101705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101705" title="Cédric Nabe">
Cédric Nabe

Cédric Mongha Nabe (born 16 June 1983 in Dardagny) is a Swiss sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="31101713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101713" title="P. Sankaran">
P. Sankaran

Shri. P. Sankaran, is an Indian lawyer and senior Congress leader. He is the son of Shri Kelu Nair, a freedom fighter, and Smt Makkam Amma, on 2 December 1947. His wife is Smt. Sudha and they have 1 son and 2 daughters.
Early life.
He entered politics in his early teens, having actively participated in student agitations since 1959. He was the Vice-Chairman of Calicut University Union during 1973-74 and was the first Student Syndicate Member of Calicut University during 1975-76. He had actively participated in NCC, Scouts, Bharat Sevak Samaj and Seva Dal. He was arrested and jailed during 1977-78 while protesting the arrest of Smt. Indira Gandhi.
Career.
Shri. Sankaran was elected to the 11th Kerala Legislative assembly from Quilandy constituency as an Indian National Congress candidate. From May 26, 2001 to August 29, 2004 he handled the Health portfolio until 10.2.2004 and Tourism (from 11.2.2004) in the Kerala State Ministry headed by Shri. A.K. Antony. In 1998, Shri. Sankaran was elected to Lok Sabha. Shri. Sankaran served, at different times, as the President of various trade unions. He was President, Kozhikode District Youth Congress Committee (1978), General Secretary (1980–91), DCC, Kozhikode and President DCC (I), Kozhikode.
He was Director and Board Member of Public Undertakings such as Central Manufacturing Technology Institute (Bangalore), Command Area Development Authority (CADA-Trichur), Oushadhi (Trichur) and Plantation Corporation of Kerala Limited (Kottayam). He is presently working as General Secretary of Kerala predesh Congress committee (KPCC).

</doc>
<doc id="31101716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101716" title="Uzbekistani parliamentary election, 1994–1995">
Uzbekistani parliamentary election, 1994–1995

Parliamentary elections were held in Uzbekistan on 25 December 1994, with a second round held in 39 constituencies on 8 January 1995 and seven constituencies on 22 January. The election was contested by 634 candidates, 250 nominated by local councils, 243 members of the People's Democratic Party of Uzbekistan, and 141 Progress Party of the Fatherland members. The majority of seats were won by local council nominees (around 120 of which were PDP members), whilst the People's Democratic Party emerged as the largest party.
Voter turnout was 93.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="31101720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101720" title="Wiklund">
Wiklund

Wiklund is a Swedish surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31101744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101744" title="Mansour el-Essawy">
Mansour el-Essawy

Mansour el-Essawi (, ) is an Egyptian politician and the former minister of interior. He was appointed by Prime Minister Essam Sharaf on 5 March 2011.
Early life and education.
El-Essawi was born in the Qena Governorate on 18 September 1937. He received a law degree and a diploma in police science from the Egyptian Police College in 1959. He joined the National Police in 1959 as a commissioned officer. In 1973, he was awarded a diploma by the Arabic Studies and Research Institute of the Arab League.
Career.
On 1 July 1983, Essawy was appointed as a police inspector at the general administration of inspection and censorship, and then became the undersecretary of the same administration on 2 February 1986. He was appointed director general of police of Giza on 25 October 1988. On 2 August 1991, he was appointed assistant minister of interior for Northern Upper Egypt Zone. On 2 August 1992, he was appointed assistant minister of interior for Central Upper Egypt Zone. 
On 29 October 1995, he was appointed assistant minister of interior, director general of police of Cairo, and was put in charge of the tasks of the first assistant minister of interior for Central Zone. On 16 January 1996, he was appointed governor of Minya Governorate. 
The state news agency MENA quoted Essawy as saying his priorities included reinforcing security across Egypt. Egyptian media reports said Essawy was previously the first deputy minister of security of Cairo and Giza governorates and an ex-governor of Minya Governorate. He was reported to be popular for his efforts to curb corruption. He was appointed interior minister to the interim government led by Essam Sharaf on 5 March 2011, replacing Mahmoud Wagdi. Essawi's tenure lasted until November 2011 when he resigned from office. 
Awards.
In 1988, Essawy was awarded the Order of Excellence first class.

</doc>
<doc id="31101749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101749" title="Ricardo Garcia (musician)">
Ricardo Garcia (musician)

Ricardo Garcia is a Spanish guitarist, leader of the group "Flamenco Flow", who is known for his interpretations of Flamenco blended with other musical forms.
Birth and education.
Garcia was born in Andalusia.
His family moved to France when he was a young child, during the Franco era.
His family was musical, and he was taught to play guitar by his uncle Antonio when he was very young.
He learned to accompany his mother, the singer Maria del Carmen.
Garcia appeared in his first concert at the age of nine, and since then he performed alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France. In 1988 he was selected to represent France on a cultural tour of Uruguay and Argentina sponsored by the Casa de America Latina.
Garcia studied flamenco under Merengue de Cordoba, Paco Serrano and Jose Antonio Rodrigues Munoz between the ages of 15 and 18, while also studying classical guitar. During this period, he fronted a Pat Metheny jazz concert in Paris.
Performing artist.
Garcia worked in Malawi, Africa for eight years, coming into contact with musicians with very different musical backgrounds.
He learned to incorporate African and Indian elements in his repertoire. 
He worked closely with Aaron Sangala and Tione Mwera, and collaborated with sitar player Bimal Lohd in several concerts.
Ricardo was the founder of the group "Kalulu" with Aaron Sangala and Bashir Sacranie.
While in Malawi, he often performed solo or with others at the French Cultural centre, The British Council and the University of Malawi.
He married Julie Gunn, a language educator from the United Kingdom, when they were both living in Malawi.
Garcia returned to Europe in 1999 and settled in Barcelona.
He mostly performs in Spain, France and in Scotland, where he played in the Edinburgh Festival for six years running.
He has also performed in many other countries in Europe, Asia, Africa and North America.
He toured to Montreal and Vancouver in 2005, and performed in many locations in the USA. 
From May 8–19, 2006, Garcia was Artist-in-Residence with his group "Flamenco Flow" at the State Theater, New Brunswick, New Jersey.
Musical style.
Garcia's performances incorporate flamenco styles that range from free-flowing Alegrías and tangos to the emotive tientos and soleas. 
Talking of a 2009 performance with Spanish guitarist Eduardo Niebla and India tabla-player Dharmesh Parmar, a critic noted that he contributed Arabic influences to the performances.
His ensemble of musicians and dancers also incorporates elements from Indian, African, South American and Caribbean music. Their work shows modern influences such as jazz, Latin jazz, bossa nova, and salsa.
According to the "Only" magazine, he has forged "a unique and devastatingly original, awe-inspiring sound".
At the 2010 Edinburgh Festival Fringe, Garcia created a unique blend of Flamenco and Hip-Hop.
Recordings.
Selected albums:

</doc>
<doc id="31101766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101766" title="Bipin Gupta">
Bipin Gupta

Bipin Gupta (August 21, 1905 - September 9, 1981) was an Indian actor and artist during the 1930s and 1960s. He acted in Bengali cinema and Hindi cinema, in notable films like "Baiju Bawra" (1952), "Jagriti" (1954), some Gemini and Vasu Menon Films like "Gharana", "Grahasthi", "Hamrahi", Sasural" and other films like "Mamta" (1966), "Amrapali" (1966), "jeevan Mrityu" and "Khilona" (1970). He also played negative role in "Baat Ek Raat Ki".
Early life.
He was born in a Bengali family, on 21 August 1905 in Meerut the 5th child of his parents, Trailokya Nath Gupta and Khemankari Devi. Later they shifted to Barrackpore. He did his schooling from Chinsura Training School and Barrackpore Govt. High School. Before completing formal education he left his home with only four hundred rupees to try his luck. He was married to Annapurna Devi.
Career.
He used to work as a cloth supplier in a company. In the Hindi film Noori, he was doing the role of a cloth supplier and went to Agra for shooting. As the lead actor of the film didn’t turn up, the producer of the movie literally forced Bipin to do the film impressed by his looks and voice quality. His first Bengali film was "Chokher Bali" directed by Sotu Sen in 1938. Although he had worked in almost 300 films, but he had never acted as a hero in any other films other than Noori. "Gora" (1938), "Sandhi" (1944), "Lukochuri" (1958), "Mother" (1979) are some of his films. In 1964, he has produced and directed one Hindi movie which never got released. He started working in Radio in 1934 and in 1936, he became a professional stage artist. He stayed for long 30 years in Bombay to establish himself in Bollywood.
In 1964, he also produced a film, "Daal Me Kala" directed by Satyen Bose, and starring Nimmi, Kishore Kumar and Abhi Bhattacharya.
He died on 9 September 1981 at Kolkata.

</doc>
<doc id="31101775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101775" title="Ricardo Garcia">
Ricardo Garcia

Ricardo Garcia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31101777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101777" title="Catalan Romanesque Churches of the Vall de Boí">
Catalan Romanesque Churches of the Vall de Boí

The Churches of the Vall de Boí are a set of nine Early Romanesque churches declared World Heritage Site by UNESCO and located in the Vall de Boí, in the Catalan comarque of Alta Ribagorça (Province of Lleida).
World Heritage Site.
UNESCO declared World Heritage Sites in 2000 to nine churches:
History of the Frescoes of the Vall de Boí.
During the early 20th century there was a major effort to study and catalog the Romanesque wall paintings in the churches of the Vall de Boí area. This activity was driven by both the academic interests of scholars, and by art dealers, whose only motives were financial gain. Between 1905 and 1909 the Board of the Museums of Barcelona printed faithful reproductions of these Pyrenean frescoes, and the publication of these works unleashed a desire for their acquisition by museums and private collectors. By 1919 many intermediaries were involved in buying and selling these works, which went mostly to museums and private collections within the United States.
The Taüll region became an exception to this trend, since the local population refused to allow the frescoes and other art works to leave their churches. This action was escalated to the level of the Commonwealth of Catalonia and to the bishop of La Seu d'Urgell. Finally, it was agreed that the frescoes would be best kept in the National Museum of Catalan Art (MNAC), secure from possible theft or unscrupulous transactions. A team of Italian restorers carried out the task of removing the paintings from the walls and, in some cases, replacing the works with in situ reproductions.
The Taüll Romanesque paintings preserved in MNAC have since become world famous. Interest by art academics and professionals has led to a systematic study of all other remaining Romanesque murals of the Vall de Boí area, and most of these are now in safe protection at MNAC in Barcelona and at the Museum of Vic.
Sant Climent de Taüll.
The church of Sant Climent de Taüll was consecrated the December 10, 1123 by the bishop of Roda. This is a church with three naves separated by cylindrical columns, topped by three semicircular apses. The roof, of two sheds, is built of wood. The building stands six-story bell tower which despite being attached to the building, not an integral part thereof.
The main entrance is located on the south facade and is arched. Inside the church there were many frescos by an unknown painter called the Master of Taüll. The Pantocrator of the church, is now preserved in the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya (MNAC), is considered one of the best examples of Romanesque art in Catalonia.
Santa Maria de Taüll.
Also was consecrated in 1123 and worked as parish of the municipality of Taüll during the 18th century. Its structure is very similar to that of Sant Climent. Basilica floor plan, consists of three naves and three apses. The bell tower is in the center of the nave. In its inside also were found many frescoes studied in 1907 by Josep Puig i Cadafalch. Highlights the fresco representing the Saint Mary with the child on his lap and that is also shown in the MNAC.
Sant Joan de Boí.
It is also a church with three naves. Originally, the roof was made of wood but later was changed to a stone hedge. The bell tower, of clear-Lombard style, is attached to the lateral nave located in the south. Only preserves two of its original story as the last leg of the bell tower was added later. Of the church preserves only the apse. It also has a notable a collection of paintings of the 12th century among which highlights those representing various mythical animals. The originals, the "Paintings from Sant Joan in Boí", are in the MNAC while in the church it can see reproductions of these paintings.
Santa Eulàlia d'Erill la Vall.
It was declared a monumento histórico artístico in 1962. The building is a single nave with a semicircular apse. The outer side has a portico decorated with cylindrical columns. The bell tower, typical example of Lombard architecture of the Vall de Boí, is of six stories, with a total height of 23 meters. It is decorated with double windows that frame the arches. In the sacristy was found a 12th-century sculptural group known as "El Davallament". The sculpture is preserved separately: one part is at the MNAC and one in the Episcopal Museum of Vic.
Sant Feliu de Barruera.
First appears documented in the late 13th century but little is known of its history. Located in the municipality of Barruera, is a building with a single nave with a barrel vault. The nave is headed by a semicircular apse.
La Nativitat de Durro.
Situated at an altitude of 1,386 meters, in the small town of Durrës, the church is documented for the first time in the 11th century when it belonged to the County of Pallars. Its style and characteristics are very similar to those already mentioned. It has a single nave and a single apse and five-story bell tower has very few openings.
Sant Quirc de Durro.
It is a small hermitage of simple architecture. The nave is covered with barrel vault and finished in a presbytery, slightly higher than the rest of the nave. The entrance door is arched with voussoirs. The hermitage is very dimly lit and only has a porthole in its head and small openings on the west facade.
Santa Maria de Cardet.
This is a church of small dimensions of a single nave covered with four sections of a groin vault. Being situated on a slope, the apse, of two floors, is at a higher level than the central nave. In the basement of the apse is a crypt.
Santa Maria de Cóll.
Also known as the church of the Assumption, is a single nave with barrel vault. The bell tower is square and consists of two floors: the first consists of pointed windows while in the second hold the bells. Believed to be built during the second third of the 13th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31101778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101778" title="Mymensingh Museum">
Mymensingh Museum

Mymensingh Museum (Mymensingh Jadughar) is located at the bagan bari ("garden house") of zamindar Madan Babu at 17 Amrita Babu Road, Mymensingh, Bangladesh. The museum, which began as an important regional institution for preservation of locally collected historical evidence, lacks proper preservation. Its objective is to preserve the rare and unique relics of local architecture, sculpture, metal works, utensils, handwritten scripts on paper and leaf, and commercial products. Collected from the palaces of Mymensingh District zamindars, the museum's initial collection included 214 articles. They are housed in three rooms within the museum. 
History.
The museum was established in 1969 at the initiative of the-then Deputy Commissioner of Mymensingh.
Initially run by the Mymensingh Municipality, the Department of Archaeology, Cultural Affairs Ministry took charge of the museum in 1989. By 1995, it was enlisted in the gazette.
Collections.
The collection includes manuscripts and coins, though many are not on display due to insufficient showcase space. A peacock mummy comes from Mymensingh Medical College. Bamboo and cane items, preserved birds, photographs and pottery were damaged during a renovation in 1999–2001.
Several articles were collected from zamindar palaces. The Muktagacha zamindar palace contribution includes a stone flower vase, a compass, antique clocks, Bakharee (an ornament), pottery, weaving machines, ornamental flower tub stands, candle stands, iron shelves and sports items; statuary and sculptures include those of Saraswati, Vishnu, and a dragon; natural history items include a tiger head, two deer heads, and the head of a wild bull. Elephant heads, a sofa set, Italian statues, and a huge shade used during hunting come from the Gouripur zamindar palace. A rhinoceros hide and a table with a marble stone top were acquired from The Atharabari zamindar palace.The museum contains many paintings of rural Bengal.

</doc>
<doc id="31101795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101795" title="Swen">
Swen

Swen is a mass mailing computer worm written in C++. It sends an email which contains the installer for the virus, disguised as a Microsoft Windows update, although it also works on P2P filesharing networks, IRC and newsgroups' websites. It was first analyzed on September 18, 2003, however, it might have infected computers before then. It disables firewalls and antivirus programs.
Infection.
Self-installation.
The virus first sends itself via email with an attachment, posing as an update for Windows. The attachment can have a .com, .scr, .bat, .pif, or .exe file extension. If its file name starts with the letters P, Q, U, or I, It displays a fake Microsoft Update dialogue box, asking if the user wants to a Microsoft Security Update with the two choices "Yes" and "No". If the user presses "Yes", it displays a fake progress bar while installing the fake update. When finished, it displays another dialogue box saying: Microsoft Internet Update Pack This has been successfully installed. The malware then re-executes itself, followed by yet another dialogue box saying: Microsoft Security Update Pack This update does not need to be installed on this system. If the user chooses "No", the malware will still install itself silently in the background. Next, it checks for certain criteria by opening another dialogue box, prompting the user for their email address, username, password, SMTP server, and their POP3 server. After completing the said fields, the worm then makes a copy of itself in the C:\Windows folder as <random characters>.exe. The virus finally moves all information to the copy and terminates.
Autostart.
The worm creates the following registry entry to execute upon startup:
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Windows\
CurrentVersion\Run\<random value> = "<random filename>.exe autorun"

</doc>
<doc id="31101804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101804" title="Got Your Back (album)">
Got Your Back (album)

Got Your Back (2011) is Pour Habit's second full-length album released through Fat Wreck Chords in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31101825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101825" title="Upper Kintla Lake">
Upper Kintla Lake

Upper Kintla Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Upper Kintla Lake is east of Kintla Lake and the surrounding mountains rise dramatically above the north and south shores of the lake. Kinnerly Peak rises above the south shoreline of Upper Kintla Lake while Long Knife Peak towers more than above the northwest shoreline of the lake.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (M-Z)

</doc>
<doc id="31101827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101827" title="Kjell Bjartveit">
Kjell Bjartveit

Odd Kjell Bjartveit (14 August 1927 – 22 February 2011) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Christian Democratic Party.
He was born in Flekkefjord, took the cand.med. degree at the University of Oslo in 1951, and the dr.med. degree in 1983. He worked as a chief physician in the Norwegian Mass Radiography Service/National Health Screening Service, a now-defunct organ, from 1968 to 1997. From 1972 to 1973 he was a member of Korvald's Cabinet as a State Secretary in the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
He chaired the National Council on Smoking and Health from 1971, and Oslo Inner Mission from 1971 to 1981. He was also the director of the National Association for Public Health from 1997 to 2001, expert advisor to the World Health Organization, president of the International Union Against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease in 1999 and 2000, and president of the Governing Council of the International Non-Governmental Coalition Against Tobacco.
He was married to Eleonore Bjartveit.

</doc>
<doc id="31101838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101838" title="Congo Free State propaganda war">
Congo Free State propaganda war

The Congo Free State propaganda war was a worldwide media propaganda campaign waged by both King Leopold II of Belgium and the critics of the Congo Free State. Some of these critics failed as Leopold's media prowess became too much. But one man, Edmund Dene Morel, successfully campaigned against Leopold and created a public focus upon the violence of Leopold's rule. Morel used the mass media of that time, starting with newspapers and pamphlets and proceeding to books that included evidence from reports, eye-witness testimony, and pictures obtained from missionaries and others involved directly in the Congo. As Morel gained high-profile supporters, the publicity generated by his campaign eventually forced Leopold to relinquish control of the Congo.
Background.
The Congo Free State propaganda war (1884–1912) occurred at the height of European Imperialism. Demand for goods remained the driving force behind European imperialism, and (with the important exception of British East India Company rule in India) the European stake in Asia remained confined largely to trading stations and strategic outposts necessary to protect trade. Industrialization, however, dramatically increased European demand for raw materials, which became scarce, and the severe Long Depression of the 1870s provoked a scramble for new markets for European industrial products and financial services. Thus, Europe turned to Africa.
Leopold's acquisition.
Leopold thought overseas colonies critical to becoming a great power, and worked towards Belgian colonial possessions. Belgians did not seem interested though, so Leopold eventually acquired a colony for himself with money loaned by the Belgian government for the purpose.
After a number of unsuccessful schemes for colonies in Africa and Asia, he organized a private holding company in 1876, disguised as an international scientific and philanthropic association, called the International African Society (IAA), with a flag and an executive council he chaired himself. Leopold justified his ambitions in the Congo by IAA's stated organizational goals:
In 1878 Leopold's holding company hired the British explorer Henry Morton Stanley to establish a colony in the Congo region. Before Stanley left for Africa, Leopold created an exploratory committee with funds of a million francs in gold. Chaired by Stanley, it promised to abide by the IAA's goals set forth by Leopold.
During the spring of 1884, Leopold started a campaign to convince the Great Powers that the Congo Free State should be a sovereign nation and he its head of state. Much diplomatic maneuvering resulted in the Berlin Conference of 1884–85, at which representatives of fourteen European countries and the United States recognized Leopold as sovereign of most of the area he and Stanley had laid claim to.
After the conference Leopold told the members and reporters:
Using Public Diplomacy.
Leopold "conceived the idea of a Congo Free State, with himself as the Sovereign ruler." The name suggested individual, economic, and religious freedoms. Leopold began a publicity campaign in Britain, drawing attention to Portugal's slavery record to distract critics. He offered to drive slave traders from the Congo basin. He also secretly told British merchant houses that if he had formal control of the Congo, he would give Britain the same most favored nation status Portugal offered. At the same time, Leopold promised Otto von Bismarck he would not give any one nation special status, and that German traders would be as welcome as any other.
Leopold then offered France the Association's support for French ownership of the entire northern bank of the Congo River, and sweetened the deal by proposing that if his personal wealth proved insufficient to hold the entire Congo, as seemed inevitable, then the Congo would revert to France.
Leopold sent United States President Chester A. Arthur carefully edited copies of cloth-and-trinket treaties obtained by Stanley, and proposed that, as an entirely disinterested humanitarian body, the Association administer the Congo for the good of all, handing over power to the local inhabitants as soon as they were ready for that grave responsibility. He worked to convince the United States, with its growing economic and military power, to recognize the treaties and the Congo Free State. Leopold's men told Southern Congressmen that the Congo Free State could be a new home for freed slaves. They loved the idea. He promised the President open and free trade.
In April, the U.S. Congress decided that the treaties had legal standing and that the Congo was a sovereign state under the Belgian king. France's recognition soon followed, and then Germany, and soon all the other European nations. Since the IAA was seen as a legitimate government of a recognized sovereign state, Bismarck invited King Leopold to discuss African affairs with the Great Powers of Europe.
Thus on November 15, 1884, the International Conference met to resolve "the African question" concerning the disposition of African territories among European powers. After long debate and ten sittings, the Great Powers agreed, without input from Africa or thought to tribal politics, on borders for the colonies. The Congo Free State encompassed nearly a million square miles, the largest claim in central Africa.
"Red Rubber".
Leopold profited from the ivory of the resource-rich Congo and even more from its rubber, a primary product of the Congo. Rubber vines grew throughout central Africa; but harvesting rubber from a vine was more difficult than that from a tree. So prices for African rubber went up, and Asian producers sold more of their less expensive rubber.
Leopold demanded very high productivity and a system of extracting rubber with little to no expense. Leopold's agents used forced labor or slave labor, to get rubber and ivory, a clear violation of the Berlin Conference Act. To keep high production numbers constant, Leopold created an army of enforcers called the Force Publique (FP) in 1885, when he ordered creation of military and police forces. In 1886 he sent a number of Belgian officers and non-commissioned officers to the territory to create this military force. The FP's officers were all whites, a mixture of Belgian regular soldiers and foreign mercenaries. The enlisted men were whites who had lived in the Congo for many years, and natives who could be trusted to carry a weapon.
Humanitarian Disaster.
The FP became slave drivers, forcing people to work for nothing. They also enforced Leopold's law against selling any rubber and ivory to any other nation. The FP would kill everyone in the tribe of anyone caught doing this, burn their huts, and make the chief a slave. The FP's methods included rape, mutilation, village destruction, killings, and mass murder to motivate the slaves and locals to higher outputs. Cutting off right hands and daily slave whippings were most common.
This brutality would later be dubbed "Red Rubber" – in reference to the blood of Africans. The FP caused millions and maybe tens of millions of deaths, and even more mutilations.
Leopold denied knowing. Belgian professor Daniël Vangroenweghe estimated Leopold gained 1,250 million present day euros from the exploitation of the Congolese people, mainly from rubber. Other Belgian sources calculated that the profits from the Congolese exploitation prior to 1905 were some 500 million present-day euros.
Rubber made huge profits for the state and for companies like the Anglo-Belgian India Rubber Company (ABIR). The value of ABIR shares went from 500 francs (1892 gold francs) 15,000 gold francs in 1903. The dividend in 1892 was 1 franc. In 1903 the dividend was 1,200 francs, more than double of the original price of a share.
The Media War.
The Missionaries and the Congo.
King Leopold allowed several hundred foreign Protestant missionaries from England, the United States and Sweden to go to the Congo. He could not turn down offers to "civilize" the Africans. The missionaries went to the Congo to evangelize, fight polygamy, and create a fear of sin in Africans. But upon the sight of any white man entering the region, the Congolese would run and hide.
One British missionary wrote that his African congregation asked, "Has the Savior you tell us of any power to save us from the rubber trouble?" Other missionaries became aware of bloody events around their posts. One Swedish missionary noted a sorrowful song about death and tyranny that many sang at his post. Some missionaries began to protest the violence to Leopold through personal letters, as well as through letters to newspapers and magazines. Unfortunately, their efforts had little effect in drawing attention to the situation.
William Sheppard.
In the late 1880s William Sheppard, an African-American Protestant missionary, started to write to American newspapers and magazines about the mutilations and murder that he witnessed. With threats of taxation and deportation, Leopold put a stop to Sheppard's writing. Afterwards, Leopold demanded that the missionaries direct all concerns to him and not to the press.
E.V. Sjöblom.
Swedish Baptist missionary E.V. Sjöblom spoke to all who would listen and in 1896 published a detailed article in the Swedish press on the Congo's rubber industry that then was reprinted elsewhere. He spoke about FP brutality at a public meeting attended by the press. Congo State officials counterattacked with newspaper articles, letters, and comments from Leopold in the Belgian and British press, and quickly silenced Sjöblom. The missionary never spoke up again.
George Washington Williams.
Colonel George Washington Williams served in the Union army during the Civil War. Williams entered a seminary and became a pastor. After moving to Washington D.C., he started a national black newspaper, the "Commoner". The newspaper folded and so did one in Cincinnati. He became a well-respected historian through his writings and lectures.
In 1889, Williams began writing for the European press syndicate. After an interview with Leopold, Williams went to the Congo to see "Christian Civilization" in action. In early April 1891 Williams wrote a letter to Leopold entitled "An Open Letter to His Serene Majesty Leopold II, King of the Belgians and Sovereign of the Independent State of Congo" about the suffering of the region at the hands of Leopold's agents. The letter helped sway European and American public opinion against the Congo regime, under which some 10 million people lost their lives. Williams' last pages accuse Leopold of a list of crimes, including manipulation of the general public.
In the twelve-page letter he voiced his disbelief: "How thoroughly I have been disenchanted, disappointed, and disheartened."
He then wrote "A Report upon the Congo-State and Country to the President of the Republic of the United States of America" describing how Leopold had manipulated the United States. By the time President Benjamin Harrison received his copy, the open letter had appeared in European and American newspapers. On 14 April 1891, the "New York Times" ran a front-page article on the full list of allegations.
Leopold vs. Williams.
Leopold's Public Relations Minister employed newspaper editors to run articles about the good deeds of Leopold. Leopold himself gave interviews about his dreams and aspirations for the Congo and its future.
One day after the "New York Times article", Leopold's supporters in America submitted an article that accused Williams of living a lie and committing adultery. The headline read "HE PROSPERED FOR A TIME, BUT HIS TRUE CHARACTER WAS LEARNED." During the late summer of 1891 the Belgian Parliament defended Leopold and gave a 45-page report to the press circuit, effectively refuting Williams's accusations. Williams died on August 2 with his reputation tarnished.
The missionaries who witnessed the atrocities had little media savvy or political clout. The public readily dismissed Leopold's critics from British humanitarian societies as relics of past battles like Abolitionism. And those critics, like the missionaries, became dismissed as people who were always upset about something in some obscure corner of the world.
E.D. Morel vs. King Leopold.
In 1891, Morel became a clerk with Elder Dempster, a Liverpool shipping firm. To increase his income and support his family, in 1893 Morel began writing articles against French protectionism, which was damaging Elder Dempster's business. Influenced by Mary Kingsley, an English traveller and writer who showed sympathy for African peoples and respect for different cultures, he became critical of the Foreign Office for not supporting African decolonisation movements.
Elder Dempster had a shipping contract with the Congo Free State for the run between Antwerp and Boma. Groups such the Aborigines' Protection Society had already begun a campaign against atrocities in Congo. Due to his command of French, Morel was often sent to Belgium, where he saw internal accounts of the Congo Free State held by Elder Dempster. Knowing that ships from Belgium to the Congo carried only guns, chains, ordnance and explosives, but no commercial goods, while ships arriving from the colony came back full of valuable products such as raw rubber and ivory, made him think that Belgian policy was exploitative.
Newspapers.
"West African Mail", the main media outlet for Morel, started as a small newspaper consisting of Morel's articles, letters from missionaries, maps, cartoons and pictures; all "to meet the rapidly growing interest in west and central African questions". John Holt, a businessman and Morel's long time friend, helped fund the startup of the newspaper. Later other supporters invested.
Morel wrote a five-part series entitled "Trading Monopolies in West Africa". He first wrote stories pertaining to free trade and native rights.
""Free Trade in West Africa, free trade for all; free trade for the Englishmen in a French colony, and in a German colony… There is plenty of room for the free, unfettered commerce of all the Powers of Europe of the Western Continent of Africa, and the greater(the natives), the attractions given to the trade in an individual colony… the more certain the contentment and the producing power of its inhabitants.""
But then he began to write about slavery, using adjectives like evil, bloody, viscous, horrific and violent:
Morel also published in major British and Belgian papers. A book entitled "Civilization in Congo-land", published in January 1903, by H.R. Fox Bourne, secretary of the Aborigines Protection Society, reinforced Morel's argument. Various organizations passed resolutions demanding Government action. Sir Charles Dilke took many of the organizations' concerns to Parliament for discussion.
Pamphlets.
In 1903 Morel wrote his first pamphlet, "The Congo Horrors", which reached a larger general public than before. He emphasized the religious implications, free trade abuses, and accused Leopold. "It has come to my conclusion that the murders and profiteering of the Congo are a result of neglect to civilize, and King Leopold is the proprietor." This pamphlet caught the eyes of high British officials such as Sir Charles Dilke and Roger Casement.
Morel continued to write pieces such as "The Scandal of the Congo, The Treatment of Women and Children of the Congo" (published in America in the "African Studies Journal"), and "The New African Slavery" (published in the International Union of London). They contained information and testimony from the missionaries of the brutality. The public began to pressure Parliament to do something about the atrocities.
Later in 1903, Morel brought out a pamphlet of 112 pages entitled "The Congo Slave State", perhaps the strongest and fiercest indictment published. It contained a full and detailed description of the Leopoldian system in all the divisions of the Congo. It also had maps, reports from Parliament, and descriptions of atrocities. Sir Charles Dilke introduced copies of the pamphlet into Parliament. It caused considerable sensation and resolutions passed against slavery in the Congo.
Books.
Before 1904, Morel released two books pertaining to West Africa. The first book, entitled "Affairs of West Africa", discussed the history, inhabitants, flora and fauna, physical characteristics, industries, and trade and finances of the area; all from a man who'd never gone to West Africa. He got his information from traders and shipping crews during his days working for Elder Dempster, and from his missionary contacts. Morel concluded his book with attacks on Leopold and the Congo Free State administration. He contrasted the Congo Free State to the success of the French Congo, commemorating the French administration for their efforts within their West African colonies. He then asked for sympathy and understanding, from the English and French, on the issue of West Africa.
Newspapers reviews were mixed. In "The Daily Chronicle" Sir Harry Johnston wrote:
"Mr. Morel's indictment is one of the most terrible things ever written, if true." 
The Times also provided a glowing review of the book:
"It is with great satisfaction that the public will welcome a contribution to our general knowledge on the subject… The sufferings of which the picture was given to the world in Uncle Tom's Cabin are as nothing to those which Mr. Morel represents to be habitual accomplishments of the acquisition of rubber and ivory by the Belgian companies." 
Positive reviews helped create readership for his writings. A bad review from the "Morning Post" pertained to the comparison of the French Congo to Leopold's Congo Free State. Morel responded with another book.
Morel's new book "The British Case in the French Congo", released three months later, said that Morel admired the French efforts, and again blamed the Congo Free State for the evil in West Africa. Even from the "Morning Post" praised the second. The public demanded government action. Thus on May 20, 1903 Parliament passed a resolution to allow the British Government to negotiate with the Powers over the matter. Parliament noted that "great gratitude was due" to Morel for creating public awareness.
His third book, "King Leopold's Rule in Africa". had photographs of mutilated women and children. Mostly he let the pictures speak for themselves. But he wrote effectively. "Over and over again in his book did Morel hammer in the argument." Morel argued that the world must come together to fight.
"In the name of humanity, of common decency and pity, for honour's sake, if for no other cause, will not the Anglo-Saxon race – the Governments and the peoples of Great Britain and the United States, who between them are primarily responsible for the creation of the Congo State – make up their minds to handle this monstrous outrage resolutely, and so point the way, and set an example which others would then be compelled to follow? In that hope, with an ever present consciousness of inadequacy to portray the greatness of the evil and the greatness of responsibility, the author submits this volume to the public." 
His words and facts from the book appeared in book reviews all over Europe and the US. The reviewers described the horrific pictures and stories in full detail.
Congo Reform Association.
As Morel's writings stirred up public feelings for the "Congo Question" within Great Britain, Parliament created an international commission to investigate. Roger Casement, a British Consul to Africa and an acquaintance of Morel, went to the Congo and wrote a report for the British Government. Casement interviewed missionaries, natives, riverboat captains and railroad workers and returned with a report of the most appalling events ever heard.
Many considered the report the most damning exposure of exploitation in Africa ever. A respectable British Consul, chosen by the British Foreign Office, had written the thirty-nine pages of testimony and 23-page index of facts. It produced a profound and widespread feeling in Britain that the administrative system of the Congo State must be reformed. The British Government commended Casement for his work and knighted him. Morel published the Casement Report in "The West African Mail". Newspapers around the world, such as "The New York Times", "The Paris Press", and Italian and Australian newspapers, all reported on the Casement Report.
Casement and Morel met in Dublin to discuss the situation. Morel liked Casement from the start and believed he had a good heart. Casement convinced Morel to form an organization to combat Leopold's abuses in the Congo. In November 1903, the Congo Reform Association (CRA) emerged. Casement put forward £100 as a start up fund. Morel went back to Liverpool to begin the new organization. He drew upon the book "Heart of Darkness" as inspiration, and called it "the most powerful thing ever written on the subject". Casement deliberately absented himself from the launch of the Congo Reform Association at the Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool on March 23, 1904 because he did not want his celebrity to be the only reason people joined.
The founding manifesto began with an impressive list of names including the African businessman and entrepreneur John Holt, the historian John Morley, the Presbyterian Minister Reverend RJ Campbell and the Quaker philanthropist W.A. Cadbury, aka George Cadbury of the Cadbury Chocolate Corp. Others included four bishops and a dozen influential peers of the realm.
The manifesto called for "secure just and humane treatment of the inhabitants of the Congo State, and restoration of the rights to the land and of their individual freedom". No more than a week later, the Massachusetts Commission for International Justice organized the American branch of the Congo Reform Association with members such as Mark Twain, Booker T. Washington, and W.E.B Du Bois.
In September 1904, Morel arrived in New York for his American campaign, with a petition entitled "The Memorial". The memorial contained signatures by all the members of the CRA. The purpose of the trip could be explained by Morel's own words during an interview for the "New York Herald" in 1903. When asked by the interviewer "Why America?" Morel answered:
"America has a peculiar and very clear responsibility in the matter, inasmuch as the American Government was the first to recognize the status of the International Association (later the Congo State), and thereby paved the way for similar action on the part of the European Powers… It is to be hoped that President Roosevelt and the American people may help undo the grieves wrong, which was thereby unknowingly inflicted upon the native inhabitants of the Congo territories."
Before Morel left for America he submitted a copy of the memorial to "The New York Times", "The New York Post", "The Washington Post", "The Boston Globe", and other Press syndicates. The CRA and Morel hoped that before his arrival that there would be a strong public support from the American citizens. All the newspapers covered his arrival and displayed excerpts of the memorial. By giving several articulate speeches throughout New England, Morel gained an audience from President Theodore Roosevelt, and gave the memorial with great enthusiasm. The "New York Post covered" the visit with a full page, two-column article. Americans citizens slowly started to gain a curiosity with Morel and the "Congo Question" because of the continuous newspaper articles about the campaign. On October 7 Morel gave a speech in Boston addressing the International Peace Congress. Like any of his writings, his speech was just as compelling and motivating, and became the form of media that caused the American public to focus their attention on the Congo.
"The errand which has brought me to the United States is a very simple one. It is to appeal to you on behalf of the oppressed and persecuted peoples of the Congo, for whose present unhappy condition you, in America, and we, in England, have a great moral responsibility, from which we cannot escape and from which in honour we should not attempt to escape… It is my privilege to ask you who are met here in the cause of peace whether you will not lead a helping hand in staying the cruel and destructive wars – if the murder of helpless men and women can be dignified by such a name… In appealing to you on behalf of those millions of helpless Africans… It is a great responsibility that you have. If our duty is clear, surely yours is also clear. The African slave trade has been revived, and is in full swing in the Congo today. I ask you to help us to root it up and fling it out of Africa, and just as I have no doubt of the greatness and loftiness of your ideals, so I have no doubt of what your answer will be."
It would take two more years for President Roosevelt and Congress to get involved. In a letter from President Roosevelt to Henry Cabot Lodge, Roosevelt writes: "The only tomfoolery that anyone seems bent on is that about the Congo Free State outrages, and that is imbecile rather than noxious." Overwhelmed by public pressure, Congress in a 1906 resolution took a stance against Leopold and demanded an end to the Congo Free State.
Leopold's Counter Campaign.
Leopold ordered counterattacks refuting all the claims that Morel made. He had his propaganda machine write articles for major newspapers, including the "New York Times", as well as numerous letters to the editor.
Discrediting Morel and the CRA had not worked. Leopold commissioned an internal investigation of the Congo to prove to the public that he cared. A committee of Congo officials issued reports that denied any "atrocities". Morel had all the missionaries that he knew send him letters, photos, and testimony from the Congolese, for an extensive media blitz of pamphlets, newspaper articles, letters and books.
Leopold's responses included articles countering the claims, but also sent agents to spy on Morel during his American visit. Mark Twain released " King Leopold's Soliloquy ", which talked about the abuses and Leopold's denial. Twain wrote it from the perspective of Leopold. "They burst out and call me 'the king with ten million murders on his soul'" Throughout the book, Twain portrays Leopold as guilty and evil. "pause Well…no matter, I did beat the Yankees, anyway! There is comfort in that. with a mocking smile, the President's Order of Recognition of April 22, 1884" Twain's description of Leopold's actions create the visual of him plotting and scheming.
The agents countered with letters to the editor and a book entitled "An Answer to Mark Twain". In the book they call Twain and Morel liars and manipulators. "Truth shines forth in the following pages, which summarily show what the Congo Free State is." "All the Mr. Twain and Morel have said. Lies!"
One of Leopold's hired lobbyists, Henry I. Kowalsky caused a sensation in December 1906, by making public all the communications between himself, Leopold, and the Congo State.
Leopold finally appointed a commission of inquiry, to investigate specific charges of the atrocities and reported abuses. The commission included members of the Belgian Parliament and lower officials in the government.
The Downfall.
Leopold released press statements about the commission hoping to quell the public uproar. However, Leopold wanted a private, not published, report. The commission returned with the most evidence of abuse yet – interviews with over a hundred natives and numerous missionaries, documents from the FP detailing deaths and mutilations inflicted, and documents from the Congo State administration proving that Leopold profited more than he reported.
The CRA obtained the report, and published it in "The West African Mail", the "New York Times", the "Associated Press", and European press agencies. The report, "Evidence Laid Before the Congo Commission of Inquiry", also became a pamphlet distributed by the CRA throughout Europe and the United States. Appointed by Leopold himself, the commission reported horrific testimony, facts on deaths and mutilations, and letters obtained from the Congo Administration documenting the abuses. Leopold could not refute his own commission's findings. Leopold yielded the Congo Free State to Belgium in exchange for a financial settlement in 1908 and died a year later.

</doc>
<doc id="31101852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101852" title="2011 Atlantic Hockey Tournament">
2011 Atlantic Hockey Tournament

The 2011 Atlantic Hockey Tournament was played between March 5 and March 19, 2011 at campus locations and at the Blue Cross Arena in Rochester, New York. The winner of the tournament received Atlantic Hockey's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Format.
The tournament features four rounds of play. For the first round, the twelve teams in the league are divided into the two "scheduling pods" used to devise the season schedule. Within each pod, the top two seeds received a bye, while the third and fourth seeds in each pod hosted the fifth and sixth seeds for a single game, with the winners advancing to the quarterfinals.
In the quarterfinals, the teams are reseeded without reference to the pods. The top four remaining seeds will host the bottom four remaining seeds in best-of-three series, with the winners advancing to the semi-finals. In the semifinals, the highest and lowest seeds and second-highest and second-lowest seeds will play a single game each, with the winners advancing to the championship game. The tournament champion will receive an automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey Tournament.
Current standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against"
"The overall statistics include postseason games."
Bracket.
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)

</doc>
<doc id="31101853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101853" title="ATI Tray Tools">
ATI Tray Tools

ATI Tray Tools (ATT) is a freeware program developed by Ray Adams for ATI Radeon video cards.
ATI Tray Tools is an advanced tweaker-application that resides in the notification area of the Windows taskbar and allows instant access to video options and settings via a right-click menu. It is normally used as an alternative to the more bulky official Catalyst Control Center (CCC), but it can also run in tandem with it.
Supported operating systems.
ATI Tray Tools supports both 32 and 64-bit versions of:
Versions history.
Beta Versions
Main Features of 1.4.7.xxxx versions
Main Features of 1.5.x.xxxx versions
Main Features of 1.6.x.xxxx versions
Main Features of 1.7.9.xxxx versions

</doc>
<doc id="31101868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101868" title="Ryan Moseley">
Ryan Moseley

Ryan Moseley (born 8 October 1982 in Bridgetown) is a Barbados-born Austrian sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres.
Ryan is several times Austrian champion sprinter for 60m, 100m and 200m track & field events.

</doc>
<doc id="31101913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101913" title="Mundulea striata">
Mundulea striata

Mundulea striata is a plant species in the genus "Mundulea".
The pterocarpan striatine can be isolated from aerial parts of "M. striata"

</doc>
<doc id="31101916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101916" title="Rowena Cooper">
Rowena Cooper

Private life.
She is married to actor Terrence Hardiman.

</doc>
<doc id="31101929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101929" title="Juris Silovs (cyclist)">
Juris Silovs (cyclist)

Juris Silovs (born 27 January 1973 in Dobele) is a Latvian former professional racing cyclist. He ended his professional career on 30 June 2001.
Palmares.
1996
1997 - Schauff (Germany)
1998 - Home-Jack & Jones (Denmark)
1999 - Home-Jack & Jones (Denmark)
2001

</doc>
<doc id="31101930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101930" title="Bernard Béguin">
Bernard Béguin

Bernard Béguin (born 24 September 1947 in Grenoble) is a former French rally driver, who won the Tour de Corse in 1987, a round of the World Rally Championship.
Career.
A regular competitor on the Tour de Corse, Béguin scored his first World Rally Championship points by finishing third on the 1985 Tour de Corse in a Porsche 911. He returned two years later in a BMW M3 and won the rally. He scored points finishes on the event on three later occasions.
Béguin won the French Rally Championship four times, in 1979, 1991, 1992 and 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="31101950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31101950" title="Bojer">
Bojer

Bojer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31102003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102003" title="Torleiv Ole Rognum">
Torleiv Ole Rognum

Torleiv Ole Rognum (born 9 April 1948) is a Norwegian physician and politician for the Christian Democratic Party.
He took the dr.med. degree as a cancer researcher in 1982, and but was appointed as an associate professor at the Institute of Forensic Medicine, Oslo in 1984. He was promoted to professor in 1991. He has also worked at the Institute of Pathology, University of Oslo, and at the hospital Rikshospitalet. He also aids the National Criminal Investigation Service in forensic identification.
He chaired the Norwegian Biotechnology Advisory Board from 1998 to 2000, and was later deputy chair. He is a member of Asker municipal council. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Akershus during the term 2009–2013.
In 2007 he was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav.

</doc>
<doc id="31102006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102006" title="Lamborghini Miura concept">
Lamborghini Miura concept

The Lamborghini Miura concept was a retro styled Lamborghini presented at the Paley Center for Media, formerly The Museum of Television & Radio, on 5 January 2006. The unveiling coincided with the Los Angeles Auto Show though it was not present at the show itself. The car commemorated the 40th anniversary of the introduction of the original Miura concept at the Geneva Motor Show in 1966. The car made its official début at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit two weeks later.
It was the first design to be penned by Lamborghinis design chief, Walter de'Silva. The show car greatly resembles the original Miura while its underpinnings are that of the more modern Murciélago. 
Lamborghini president and CEO Stefan Winkelmann stated that the concept would not mark the Miura's return to production, saying that “The Miura was a celebration of our history, but Lamborghini is about the future. Retro design is not what we are here for. So we won’t do the Miura.”
The Miura concept is now on display at the Lamborghini Museum in Sant'Agata Bolognese, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31102032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102032" title="List of Yu-Gi-Oh! video games">
List of Yu-Gi-Oh! video games

The Yu-Gi-Oh! video games are a series consisting of card battle games, capsule monster games & 1 board game based on the "Yu-Gi-Oh!" manga and anime, as well as the anime spinoffs. They were developed and published by Konami.
Reception.
"Destiny Board Traveler" got poor reviews. Mat Houghton of Game Chronicles said that parents should buy their kids the cards instead of this video game. A GameZone review says that the video game is average and that it doesn't offer much in the way of amusement.
IGN gave "Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's: Wheelie Breakers" 7.5 out of 10, citing while the game is rather complex, it comes together as a fun experience.
IGN gave "Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Decade Duels" a score of 4.5, stating newcomers will be frustrated with the grossly overpowered computer opponents while hardcore fans will lament the absence of thousands of cards.

</doc>
<doc id="31102038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102038" title="University of the Philippines Baguio">
University of the Philippines Baguio

The University of the Philippines Baguio (also called U.P. Baguio) is a public research university in the Philippines.
History.
The university began on April 22, 1961.
U.P. Baguio is one of the fastest growing constituent universities of the University of the Philippines System in terms of curricular and infrastructure development. Currently, U.P. Baguio operates five (5) academic units, namely, the College of Arts and Communication, College of Science, College of Social Sciences, Institute of Management, and Program in Human Kinetics. The colleges are headed by their respective deans, the Institute of Management by a director, and the Program in Human Kinetics by a coordinator.
As of 2001, the Commission on Higher Education of the Philippines has identified 3 National Centers of Excellence/Development (COEs/CODs) in U.P. Baguio. The COEs/CODs in the University are Biology, Mathematics, and Physics.
Colleges and Degree-Granting Units.
COLLEGE OF ARTS AND COMMUNICATION (CAC)
COLLEGE OF SCIENCE (CS)
COLLEGE OF SOCIAL SCIENCES (CSS)
INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT (IM)
HUMAN KINETICS PROGRAM (HKP)
Academic Programs.
UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS
+ "choice of minor in one of these three areas (Broadcast Communication, Journalism, or Speech Communication)"
 "UPCAT qualifiers must pass a talent tes.
+ "choice of minor in one of the following: Philosophy, Political Science or Psycholog.
NON-DEGREE PROGRAMS
GRADUATE PROGRAMS
Research.
The university has several research centers.
Extension Service.
U.P. BAGUIO'S UNIVERSITY EXTENSION SERVICE UNITS

</doc>
<doc id="31102042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102042" title="2011 Shamrock Rovers F.C. season">
2011 Shamrock Rovers F.C. season

The 2011 Shamrock Rovers F.C. season was the club's 90th season competing in the League of Ireland and their 5th consecutive season in the top-flight of Irish football. It was also their most successful season in their history. Rovers played a record number of 56 games in the whole 2011 season.
Shamrock Rovers began the season with a 2-0 win over Dundalk in the Leinster Senior Cup at Oriel Park on 22 February. Their first league game, at home, also against Dundalk, ended in a 3-1 win. Rovers were defending League of Ireland champions and in 2011 won the club's 17th league title, becoming champions after a 2-1 win away at UCD. Rovers finished four points ahead of nearest rivals Sligo Rovers.
Furthermore, Shamrock Rovers competed in the Champions League for the first time in the club's history. After beating Flora Tallinn Rovers were knocked out by FC Copenhagen, and entered the Europa League qualifiers. They defeated Partizan Belgrade to qualify for the group stages, the first Irish club to do so. They played in a group with Rubin Kazan, PAOK and Tottenham Hotspur.
Shamrock Rovers also won the All-Ireland tournament, the Setanta Sports Cup, beating Dundalk in the final at Tallaght. But they went out of the FAI Cup to Sligo Rovers in the quarter final and the League of Ireland Cup to St Patrick's Athletic. Rovers entered the domestic tournaments in the Third and Second Round as a result of being a League of Ireland club.
Records.
Rovers played a record number of 56 games in the whole 2011 season.
Overall.
!
!Total
!Home 
!Away
Leinster Senior Cup Matches not counted for the purposes of this table

</doc>
<doc id="31102045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102045" title="Willie Hume">
Willie Hume

William "Willie" Hume (born 3 April 1862, died 1941) was an Irish cyclist. He demonstrated the supremacy of John Boyd Dunlop's newly invented pneumatic tyres in 1889, winning the tyre's first ever races in Ireland and then England.
Career.
In March 1889 Hume, the captain of the Belfast Cruisers Cycling Club, was the first member of the public to purchase a "safety bicycle" fitted with Dunlop's newly patented pneumatic tyres. Dunlop suggested that it would be advantageous to Hume to use them in a race. Thus on 18 May 1889 he won all four cycling events at the Queen's College Sports held on the North of Ireland Cricket Club Grounds, (or Queens College playing fields) at Cherryvale, Belfast.
Entrepreneur and paper manufacturer Harvey du Cros was present at the meet, and was so impressed that within six months he had acquired the patent rights (or in 1896) for £3,000 and floated the first Pneumatic Tyre Company.
Hume went on to be the person to introduce the new invention to England, when, in 1889, he raced on pneumatics in Liverpool, winning all but one of the cycling events.
Hume's achievements were celebrated in 1938 when "Cycling Weekly", then known simply as "Cycling" awarded him his own page in the Golden Book of Cycling.
Patent dispute.
Dunlop's patent, which he had sold to Du Cros, was legally disputed. Two years after he was granted the patent Dunlop was officially informed that it was invalid as Scottish inventor Robert William Thomson (1822–1873) had patented the idea in France in 1846 and in the US in 1847. Dunlop's patent was later declared invalid on the basis of Thomson's prior art.
Further reading.
Warwick University - A Catalogue of the papers of John Boyd Dunlop (1840-1921). Warwick University, Dunlop patents submissions

</doc>
<doc id="31102061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102061" title="M. striata">
M. striata

M. striata may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31102062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102062" title="Gonipterus scutellatus">
Gonipterus scutellatus

Gonipterus scutellatus is a species of weevil in the Curculionidae family. It is commonly known as the eucalyptus snout beetle, the eucalyptus weevil or the gum tree weevil. It feeds and breeds on "Eucalyptus" trees and is endemic to Australia.
Description.
This weevil is greyish-brown with a light coloured transverse band. It is about thirteen millimetres long and not readily distinguishable from the closely related weevil, "Gonipterus gibberus", which shares the same common names. The larvae are yellowish-green with black markings and have three dark green stripes on the abdomen which distinguish them from larvae of "G. gibberus".
Host plants.
"Eucalyptus" trees are the only hosts for the gum tree weevil. The species most susceptible to attack include "Eucalyptus camaldulensis", "Eucalyptus globulus", "Eucalyptus maidenii", "Eucalyptus punctata", "Eucalyptus robusta", "Eucalyptus smithii" and "Eucalyptus viminalis".
Distribution.
The gum tree weevil is endemic to Australia where "Eucalyptus" trees are native. The weevil has spread to New Zealand, China and in Africa to Kenya, Lesotho, Madagascar, Malawi, Mauritius, Mozambique, South Africa, St. Helena, Swaziland, Uganda and Zimbabwe. Also to Brazil, Chile and Uruguay and the United States, and in Europe to France, Italy, France, Portugal and Spain.
Life history.
Over a period of about three months, adult female gum tree weevils lay about two hundred eggs in batches of about ten in grey coloured capsules. These are attached to the upper or lower sides of the leaves and hatch after about a week. The larvae begin to feed on leaves and young shoots. After moulting three times, the larvae crawl or fall to the ground where they pupate a few centimetres beneath the surface. The weevil's life cycle takes seven to eleven weeks from egg laying to maturity, depending on the temperature. In Mauritius there are about four generations annually and the weevils breed throughout the year. In South Africa there are two generations and they overwinter as adults.
Significance.
The gum tree weevil is of little economic significance in Australia where it has natural enemies. In other countries where "Eucalyptus" has been introduced, that is not the case. Adult gum tree weevils feed mostly on leaves and the soft bark of twigs while the larvae feed mostly on leaves. Heavy infestations cause die back of shoots which may result in the development of epicormic shoots. Repeated defoliations may cause the splitting and death of branches or even whole trees. The egg parasite "Anaphes nitens", a wasp which is native to Australia, has been introduced to other countries as a biological control agent to control the gum tree weevil. This has been successful in Mauritius where in two years, incidence of the gum tree weevil has been much reduced. More recently, successful control has also been obtained in Italy and France, and in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="31102065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102065" title="Striata">
Striata

Striata, striated or fluted in Latin, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31102069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102069" title="Cochrane Dam">
Cochrane Dam

Cochrane Dam is a run-of-the river hydroelectric dam on the Missouri River, about northeast of Great Falls in the U.S. state of Montana. The dam has a concrete gravity design and is high and long. Its power station has two generators capable of producing 64 megawatts. Construction of the dam was finished in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="31102074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102074" title="Haris Kastanidis">
Haris Kastanidis

Haris Kastanidis (, born on 11 March 1956 in Thessaloniki, Greece) is a Greek politician who served as Minister for Justice, Transparency and Human Rights and Minister for the Interior under George Papandreou. A former member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement, he is now one of the leaders of the Social Agreement party.
Early life.
M.P. Haris Kastanidis was born in Thessaloniki, Greece in 1956. He graduated from the Law School of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and completed his studies with a Post-Graduate degree in Criminal Law. 
He became a member of the PA.SO.K. on its foundation in 1974 and was elected for the first time as a member of the Hellenic Parliament in the elections of 1981 being only 25 years old. In 1984 he was elected as a member of the PA.SO.K. Central Committee.
Offices.
He held his first government post in the Ministry for the Interior and Public Order as a Deputy Minister, from 25 July 1985 until 25 April 1986. From 9 September 1988 until 18 November 1988, he held the post of Deputy Minister of National Education and Religious Affairs. From 18 November 1988 until 29 November 1988, he served as Deputy Minister for the Interior. On 15 September 1995 he was appointed as Minister for the Interior, Public Administration and Decentralisation, a post which he held until 22 January 1996.
On 22 January 1996 he was appointed as the Minister for Transport and Communications, a position that he held until he resigned on 2 September 1997. From 7 July 2003 until 10 March 2004, he was the Minister for Macedonia and Thrace. From March 2004 until August 2007 he held the position of the PA.SO.K. spokesman.
2009 Elections.
From 7 October 2009 to 17 June 2011, he served as the Minister for Justice, Transparency and Human Rights. On 17 June 2011, after a government reshuffle, he was appointed Minister for the Interior, a post that he held until 11 November 2011.
Haris Kastanidis was expelled from the PASOK parliamentary group after voting against Greece's loan deal with its foreign creditors. On 14 March 2012 he and Louka Katseli formed the new Social Agreement party.

</doc>
<doc id="31102078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102078" title="Madagascariensis">
Madagascariensis

Madagascariensis, from Madagascar in Latin, may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="31102100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102100" title="Black Metal Jesus">
Black Metal Jesus

Black Metal Jesus is the debut release of the Danish black metal band Horned Almighty.
Personnel.
Guest musicians.
Both guest vocalists on track 5.

</doc>
<doc id="31102105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102105" title="Lars Ødegård">
Lars Ødegård

Lars Ødegård (born 11 August 1956) is a Norwegian organizational leader and politician for the Labour Party.
He was hired in the Norwegian Association of the Disabled at the age of eighteen, and served as leader from 1989 to 1995 and secretary-general since then.
In 2001 he became deputy chair of the Norwegian Consumer Council, and in 2004 he became chair of the Norwegian Biotechnology Advisory Board. He was a member of Nannestad municipal council from 1983 to 2006, and served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Akershus during the terms 1993–1997, 1997–2001 and 2001–2005. In total he has met during one day of parliamentary session. It has been written that he was the first wheelchair-bound politician to meet as a representative in the Parliament of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="31102120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102120" title="Arapongas Esporte Clube">
Arapongas Esporte Clube

Arapongas Esporte Clube, commonly known as Arapongas, is a Brazilian football club based in Arapongas, Paraná state.
History.
The club was founded on June 6, 1974. The club's main investor since 2007 is Adir Leme da Silva. They gained promotion for the 2011 Campeonato Parananese after finishing as runner-ups in the 2010 Campeonato Paranaense Second Level.
Stadium.
Arapongas Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Municipal José Luís Chiapin, nicknamed "Estádio dos Pássaros". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 10,440 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31102141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102141" title="All India N.R. Congress">
All India N.R. Congress

All India N.R. Congress (AINRC) () is a regional political party formed by the current Chief Minister of Puducherry, N. Rangaswamy in the Indian union territory of Puducherry along the lines of the regional Dravidian political parties. He announced the party formation on 7 February 2011 in the party's head office in Pondicherry.
The official website states expansion of N.R. in the parties name as "Namathu Rajiyam" ( meaning "our kingdom"). These letters are also the initials of the party founder N. Rangasamy.
The party's official motto is "Simplicity, Fairness and Transparency".
2014 Lok Sabha Election.
Chief Minister N. Rangasamy announced that R. Radhakrishnan, former Speaker of Puducherry Assembly, would be the AINRC candidate for the Puducherry constituency. The Candidate won the lone Lok Sabha Seat.

</doc>
<doc id="31102164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102164" title="A luta é alegria">
A luta é alegria

"A luta é alegria" ("The struggle is joy") was the Portuguese entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany, performed by Homens da Luta. It was chosen for Eurovision by winning the Festival da Canção 2011 on 5 March 2011. However, it did not progress beyond the semi-final.
Background.
Production history.
"A luta é alegria" was composed by Vasco Duarte, while the lyrics were written by Jel. The song incorporates folk music style.
Song meaning.
The song refers to the struggle that the people must endure to have their voices heard, by shouting and celebrating on the street. It calls for the union of the people, and to sing against reaction.
The performers.
Homens da Luta (Men of the Struggle) is a collective of traditional Portuguese music of an interventionist style. Inspired by the musical universe of the period after April 25, 1974, the band is led by the unavoidable Neto and Falâncio (brothers Nuno “Jel” and Vasco Duarte), and first appeared on TV five years ago in a comedy show. However, soon they were travelling through the cities, towns, and villages of Portugal, spreading their music and their sense of humour. They bring "A Luta É Alegria (The Struggle is Joy)" to the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest, inspired by the tradition of collective singing, which was so fashionable in Portugal in the late 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="31102182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102182" title="Joaquim Moutinho">
Joaquim Moutinho

Joaquim Moutinho da Silva Santos (born 14 December 1951 in Porto) is a former Portuguese rally driver, who won the Rally de Portugal in 1986, a round of the World Rally Championship. Moutinho is also a champion in the Portuguese Touring Car Championship and Portuguese Rally Championship.
Career.
Moutinho participated mainly in the Portuguese Rally Championship, which he won in 1985 and 1986 in a Renault 5 Turbo. He took part in the Rally de Portugal nine times between 1973 and 1986. He finished ninth in 1981 in an Opel Kadett GT/E. Moutinho won the 1986 event following the accident of compatriot Joaquim Santos that killed three spectators. All of the factory teams withdrew from the event, allowing Moutinho to win the rally. It would be his final WRC event.
Moutinho also competed regularly in the Portuguese Touring Car Championship (CNV). He missed out on fighting for the title in 1980 due to repeated mechanic failures, but won the B2 class in 1981 in a heavily modified Group 5 Porsche 911.

</doc>
<doc id="31102188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102188" title="Peter Graeme">
Peter Graeme

Graeme Peter Crump (1921 – 1 March 2012), known professionally as Peter Graeme and as 'Timmy' Crump to friends and family, was an English oboist and academic teacher. He was best known as the principal oboist of the Melos Ensemble.
Career.
Peter Graeme studied the oboe with Léon Goossens. Graeme was the oboist of the Melos Ensemble, founded in 1950, and participated with the group in the premiere of the "War Requiem" by Benjamin Britten, conducted by the composer at the Coventry Cathedral in 1962.
In 1954 he played English horn in a recording of Warlock's song cycle "The Curlew". In 1964 he performed in a recording of Benjamin Britten's opera "Albert Herring", conducted by the composer. In 1965 he recorded Bach's cantatas "Herr, deine Augen sehen nach dem Glauben, BWV 102" and "Süßer Trost, mein Jesus kömmt, BWV 151" with the English Chamber Orchestra (ECO) conducted by Britten and soloists Janet Baker, Peter Pears and Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau. In 1968 he took part in a recording of Bach's "Brandenburg Concertos" with the ECO conducted by Britten. Also with the English Chamber Orchestra and flutist Richard Adeney he recorded works of Gustav Holst, such as "A Fugal concerto" for Flute, Oboe and Strings, op. 40/2, conducted by the composers daughter Imogen Holst at the 1969 Aldeburgh Festival. Both in 1971 and 1972, he played in a recording of Bach's "St John Passion" with Peter Pears as the Evangelist, Gwynne Howell as the Vox Christi, and the ECO conducted by Britten. In 1972 he also recorded Britten's opera "The Turn of the Screw". In 1982 he participated in a recording of the Octet op. 67 of Egon Wellesz with the members of the Melos Ensemble Hugh Maguire and Nicholas Ward (violin), Patrick Ireland (viola), Terence Weil (cello), William Waterhouse (bassoon), Thea King (clarinet), and Timothy Brown (horn).
Graeme was a teacher at the Royal Northern College of Music, among his students is Robin Williams.
Graeme died at home in Shaftesbury on 1 March 2012.
Recordings with the Melos Ensemble.
Graeme recorded chamber music with the Melos Ensemble, its principal players Richard Adeney and William Bennett (flute), Gervase de Peyer (clarinet), Sarah Barrington (oboe), Neill Sanders (horn), William Waterhouse (bassoon), Emanuel Hurwitz and Ivor McMahon (violin), Cecil Aronowitz (viola), Terence Weil (cello), Osian Ellis (harp) and Lamar Crowson (piano).
This included works for a large ensemble of both woodwinds and strings, for which the Melos Ensemble was founded.
Graeme also recorded chamber music for smaller formations, such as the oboe quintet of Arthur Bliss, dedicated to Léon Goossens.

</doc>
<doc id="31102211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102211" title="Santosh Kashyap">
Santosh Kashyap

Santosh Kashyap is an AFC 'A' qualified football coach who is currently head coach of Rangdajied United F.C. in the I-League. During his professional career, he has represented India and is known for his dangerous free-kicks. Previously, he has been youth coach at Mahindra United before they closed down & Mohun Bagan.
Coaching career.
After his days as a footballer Kashyap went into coaching. His first job was as the Mahindra United U-19 coach. During his last season with the Mahindra Youth Team he guided them to the Super Division title in the Mumbai Football League.
Before the 2010-11 I-League season Santosh signed for I-League club Air India FC. Despite the low amount of funds that were given to Santosh he still managed to keep Air India out of the relegation zone.

</doc>
<doc id="31102213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102213" title="Say Us">
Say Us

Say Us is the first full length studio album by the Canadian indie band Zeus. The vinyl LP was released 9 February 2010, with the CD version released 23 February 2010. A digital download was made available, with the LP version. All three versions were released in Canada by Arts & Crafts Records.
Critical reception.
In a positive review of the album, critic Noel Murray of the AV Club said fans of Sloan and of the New Pornographers should "should warm immediately to Zeus", and wrote that "after moonlighting from their gig as Jason Collett’s backing band... deserve to move from the side of the stage to the front."
Critic Andrew Leahey wrote that "Say Us" "re-creates the sunny strains of Sloan, The Hollies, and the Beatles to charming effect."
In a neutral review, critic Pieter J Macmillan wrote that the band's democratic approach to singing and song writing lead to a remarkable coherence of sound throughout the album. However, he continued the album's "lack of originality is felt particularly strong... in the lyrics."

</doc>
<doc id="31102220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102220" title="Big Jock Knew">
Big Jock Knew

"Big Jock Knew" is a song sung by the supporters of Rangers F.C, Kilmarnock FC and Heart of Midlothian FC. It is aimed mainly to antagonise supporters of their Glasgow rivals Celtic F.C. by stating that their former manager, Jock Stein, was aware of sexual abuse committed by the former Celtic Boys Club manager, Jim Torbett, and did not notify the authorities, as stated by several ex-Celtic players.
Reaction.
The song has provoked controversy and is often condemned by numerous sources. One of the victims involved, Alan Brazil, has said that Stein did not have knowledge of the abuse., However, Celtic Boys' Club chairman Hugh Birt has claimed that Stein and the Celtic board covered up allegations made against Torbett but it also suggested during Torbett's court case that Stein was aware of and led a cover up of the events that transpired but did nothing more about them. UNICEF expressed concern over the song and called for it to be banned from football games. The song was not originally placed on a list of banned chants by the Scottish Premier League whereas other similar controversial chants such as the Billy Boys were. In 2007, the Scottish Football Association Chief Executive, Gordon Smith, called the song "morally repugnant."
There have been a number of high profile mentions of it in the media. In 2007, at the end of the song "Who Knew" by Pink, Real Radio DJ Steven McKenna stated, "Big Jock". This sparked angry complaints from Celtic fans calling for him to be sacked. The radio station then issued a public apology. In 2008, if the question "What did Big Jock know?" was texted to 118 118, a directory enquiries service, the answer received was "It pertains to a matter that Stein knew but didn't report to the authorities."

</doc>
<doc id="31102226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102226" title="The Devil's Music – Songs of Death and Damnation">
The Devil's Music – Songs of Death and Damnation

"The Devil's Music - Songs of Death and Damnation" is Danish black metal band Horned Almighty's second full-length studio album.

</doc>
<doc id="31102241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102241" title="Nicolaus Bergensköld">
Nicolaus Bergensköld

Nils Gustaf Nicolaus Bergensköld (1838–1907) was a disciple of Rosenius and an early leader of the revivalist movement in the Swedish settlements of the Midwestern United States during the later part of the 19th century.
Biography.
Nicolaus Bergensköld was born in Småland, Sweden in 1838. He studied for the ministry at Fjellstedt school in Uppsala. From an early age he had been a deciple of Rosenius teachings. After completing his education, he served as a preacher at Överums bruk in Småland under the guidance of another deciple of Rosenius, a count Stackelberg. In 1867 He emigrated from Sweden to the United States. There he first settled in Galesburg, Illinois. Many people wanted him to preach in the church there, but because of his association with Rosenius, the pastor of the congregation refused him. However, Bergensköld's
friends, several of whom were on the board of deacons, arranged private devotional services, led by Bergensköld.
Eventually the conflict led too a split in the church, and the formation of a mission society modeled on those in Sweden. One of the first of its kind in the United States.
Bergensköld left Galesburg for Iowa in April 1869 and was succeeded by a reverend Carl Anderson. Some years later, in 1873, Bergensköld moved to the Swedish colony in Marshall County, Kansas where he again helped set up a new mission society. Finally, he again moved back to Buena Vista County, Iowa where he took over as minister of a newly established congregation. A post he served between 1877 and 1881.

</doc>
<doc id="31102261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102261" title="St Mary's Church, Ticehurst">
St Mary's Church, Ticehurst

St Mary's Church is a 14th-century parish church dedicated to St Mary the Virgin in Ticehurst, East Sussex, England. Part of the Diocese of Chichester, the church has grade II* listed building status.

</doc>
<doc id="31102283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102283" title="Glucommander">
Glucommander

The Glucommander is a computer-directed method of inpatient glucose management shown to be safe, simple, and effective. The software concept originated from an article published in 1982 by White et al. That article presented a complex set of orders for determining the basal insulin requirements in pediatric patients using an insulin pump.
When data were graphed, it was obvious that a linear regression with an intercept of 60 and a slope, or multiplier, of 0.02 could resolve the complexity of the orders of White et al. to a single formula for calculation of intravenous insulin requirements: (blood glucose − 60) × 0.02 = insulin dose/h. Incorporated into a bedside laptop computer system by Atlanta Diabetes Associates (Paul Davidson, M.D., Bruce Bode, M.D., and Dennis Steed, M.D.), the Glucommander concept was later enhanced and commercialized into the Glucommander Plus product by Glytcec.
Davidson and Bode now serve as medical advisors to Glytec LLC, which manufactures the Glucommander. The company initially received clearance from U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)in June 2006, and again in 2010 for an Enterprise version of the software.
Indications for use.
The Glucommander is intended to evaluate the current and cumulative patient blood glucose values, and, based on the aggregate of those measurements, whether one or many, regulate the infusion of I.V. fluids, through an I.V. infusion pump, and drive the blood glucose level towards a predetermined target range. Once that target blood glucose range has been reached, the system's function is to recommend a titration of insulin, glucose, and saline for the purpose of maintaining the patient's blood glucose level in that target range. The system is programmed to provide intravenous dosing of glucose, saline, and insulin, as well as subcutaneous dosing of glucose and insulin.

</doc>
<doc id="31102286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102286" title="There's Only One Sun">
There's Only One Sun

"There's Only One Sun" is a 2007 short film/long form advertisement for Philips Aurea a new LCD technology for their televishon it was written and directed by Wong Kar-Wai. 
Plot.
In a similar futuristic mood to director Wong Kar-Wai other film 2046 a spy Agent 006 has to catch "Light" a mysterious figure but has to wrestle with her own feelings for him.

</doc>
<doc id="31102289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102289" title="Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue">
Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue

Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue (also known as MLK Ave) is a major street in the District of Columbia traversing through both the Southwest and Southeast quadrants.
Route.
Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue SW begins at the southwestern tip of the District of Columbia near the Blue Plains Advanced Wastewater Treatment Plant. Headed north, the avenue overlaps with South Capitol Street from 2nd St SW to Halley Place SE, where it turns northeast, becoming Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue SE. As it crosses through the Congress Heights neighborhood, MLK Ave changes from a primarily residential neighborhood to a commercial district. 
Also in the Congress Heights area, MLK Ave crosses both Alabama Avenue SE and Malcolm X Ave SE. After leaving Congress Heights, the street turns north, crossing throughout the campus of St. Elizabeths Hospital, the future home of the Department of Homeland Security. MLK Ave stays headed north, crossing the Suitland Parkway before reaching the Anacostia Metro Station. After passing the Anacostia Station, MLK Ave enters historic Anacostia, crossing Good Hope Road before terminating at the 11th Street Bridges.
History.
Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue was constructed in 1855, when the Government Hospital for the Insane (later known as St. Elizabeths Hospital) was built on the "St. Elizabeth's tract" in the District of Columbia. Its original name was Aslyum Avenue. It was named Nichols Avenue in 1879, in honor of St. Elizabeths Hospital Superintendent Charles Henry Nichols. It was renamed for slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr. on January 15, 1971.
In 2003, the District of Columbia Department of Transportation (DDOT) announced that, as part of its DC Streetcar system, it would build a "Anacostia Line" as a demonstration of streetcar technology in the city. The line was planned to begin at Bolling Air Force Base, travel up north along South Capitol Street to the Anacostia Metro station, along Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue SE to Good Hope Road SE, and then along the CSX railroad tracks to the Minnesota Avenue Metro station. However, in October 2010 the city scaled back the Anacostia Line, truncating the northern end of the line so that it would only end at the Anacostia Metro station. 
On March 4, 2011, DDOT announced public meetings designed to provide a link between the Anacostia Metro Station and the 11th Street Bridges (under construction as of early 2011) which would meet community concerns about traffic impacts the streetcar would have on MLK Ave, threats to historic preservation in the Anacostia Historic District, and terminating the line at the Anacostia Gateway building at the intersection of MLK Ave and Good Hope Road SE. The 11th Street Bridges are designed to carry streetcars over the Anacostia River, permitting the Anacostia Line to link with the rest of the streetcar system.
Transportation.
The Anacostia Metrorail Station lies on Howard Road Southeast, just off of MLK Avenue. 
Metrobus lines A2, A4, A5, A6, A7, A8, A33, A42, A46, A48, M8, M9, P1, P2, P6, W2, W3, 90, 92, and 93 serve MLK Ave, with many others crossing the street. 
"For more information, see List of Metrobus routes"

</doc>
<doc id="31102320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102320" title="General Counsel of the Air Force">
General Counsel of the Air Force

The General Counsel of the Air Force (acronym SAF/GC) is the chief legal officer of the U.S. Department of the Air Force.
By U.S. law, the General Counsel of the Air Force is appointed from civilian life by the President of the United States upon the advice and consent of the United States Senate, and performs such duties as the Secretary of the Air Force specifies. 
According to Secretary of the Air Force Order No. 111.5, dated July 14, 2005, "The General Counsel is the chief legal officer and chief ethics official of the Department of the Air Force. Legal opinions issued by the Office of the General Counsel shall be the controlling opinions of the Department of the Air Force. The General Counsel provides advice in accordance with applicable statues on any legal subject and on other matters as directed by the Secretary." In other words, the General Counsel of the Air Force advises the Secretary of the Air Force, the Under Secretary of the Air Force, and the Assistant Secretaries of the Air Force, as well as the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and other military leaders of the United States Air Force on legal matters, other than those statutory duties under the Uniform Code of Military Justice performed by the Judge Advocate General of the Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="31102330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102330" title="NGC 30">
NGC 30

NGC 30 is a double star in Pegasus constellation. It was recorded only once by German astronomer Albert Marth on October 30, 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="31102333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102333" title="Fulvio Bacchelli">
Fulvio Bacchelli

Fulvio Bacchelli (born 22 January 1951 in Trieste) is a former Italian rally driver, who won Rally New Zealand in 1977, a round of the World Rally Championship.
Career.
Bacchelli began rallying in 1971. In 1974 he joined the works Fiat team, finishing sixth on that year's Tour de Corse. He finished fourth in the 1975 Monte Carlo Rally. In 1977 he won Rally New Zealand, or the South Pacific Rally as it was then known, in his Fiat 131 Abarth. At the end of the year Fiat and Lancia's rally departments merged and he lost his factory drive.

</doc>
<doc id="31102334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102334" title="Çetin Emeç">
Çetin Emeç

Çetin Emeç, (1935 - March 7, 1990) was a prominent Turkish journalist and columnist, who was assassinated.
Early life.
He was born to Selim Ragıp Emeç, journalist and later co-founder of the Democratic Party, and his wife Rabia Emeç. He had two sisters, Zeynep and Leyla, and a brother, Aydın. 
After finishing the Galatasaray High School, Emeç studied law at Istanbul University. In 1952, he entered journalism at his father's newspaper "Son Posta" as a reporter. After the 1960 Turkish coup d'état, he became the leader of the newspaper, since his father was imprisoned for his membership in the parliament and the political party, which was on the government at that time.
He served later as editor-in-chief at the popular weekly magazines "Hayat" and "Ses" until 1972. Between 1972 and 1984, Emeç was the executive editor of the liberal rightist daily "Hürriyet". In 1984, he switched to another major newspaper "Milliyet" that lasted until 1986. He returned to Hürriyet Media Group to become its coordinator and chief columnist. He was appointed also member of the board.
Assassination.
Çetin Emeç was assassinated in the morning of March 7, 1990 in front of his home in Suadiye, Istanbul as he got in his car to go to his office. Two gunmen wearing ski mask and sunglasses approached the car he was already seating in. While one gunman opened the right back door and fired his gun with silencer, the other one shot from the left back door's window. His driver, Sinan Ercan, tried to escape, however, was shot down as well.
Severely injured by seven bullets, Çetin Emeç was taken to a nearby hospital. However, it has been declared that he died already during the transportation. His driver died at the crime scene.
Soon after the attack, someone called the newspaper "Hürriyet" and told that "he was calling on behalf of the organization 'Türk İslam Komandoları Birliği' (literally: Union of Turkish Islamist Commandos, an Iranian based militant group) and took on the responsibility for the murder of Çetin Emeç, adding they will kill everyone (in the newspaper)". During the day, someone, who spoke clear Turkish language, called "Hürriyet"'s office in Berlin, Germany and said "We killed Çetin Emeç. Dev-Sol, (literally: Revolutionary People's Liberation Party–Front , a Marxist-Leninist militant organization)".
Emeç was buried at the Zincirlikuyu Cemetery in Istanbul. His murder remained so far unsolved.
Çetin Emeç was survived by his wife Bilge, a daughter Mehveş and a son Mehmet (Memo). Mehveş Emeç became a notable classical pianist. Memo Emec is the General Manager of Vialand.
Legacy.
A football stadium in Bayrampaşa, Istanbul and several streets across the country are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="31102346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102346" title="HNLMS Van Kinsbergen (1939)">
HNLMS Van Kinsbergen (1939)

HNLMS" Van Kinsbergen" () was a unique sloop of the Royal Netherlands Navy build by Rotterdamsche Droogdok Maatschappij. She served in the Dutch West Indies in 1940. Later, she served as escort vessel and survived World War II. She was decommissioned on 29 May 1959 and was sold for scrap on 19 May 1974.
Construction.
"Van Kinsbergen" was laid down on 11 September 1937. She was launched on 5 January 1939 and commissioned on 24 August 1939.
Service history.
On 26 August 1939, "Van Kinsbergen" left Den Helder port to meet with the Dutch submarine in the English Channel. After meeting with "O 13", which returned from the West Indies, both ships returned to the Netherlands. On 2 October, "Van Kinsbergen" left Den Helder port with the submarines and accompanying her to the West Indies, where she was to relieve the sloop and to train new gunners. She arrived in Curacao on 31 October.
On the evening of 1 November, "Van Kinsbergen" left port to intercept a British destroyer that had entered territorial waters; this was forbidden because of the Netherlands′ declaration of neutrality in September 1939. A similar incident occurred when a British cruiser entered the territorial waters. Both incidents where resolved without using force.
On 10 May 1940, war with Germany broke out, and boarding parties from "Van Kinsbergen" captured seven German merchant ships which were present at Curacao. As the war continued, she took part in several other missions to capture merchant ships and rescue survivors of torpedoed ships.
On 1 November 1955, her conversion to accommodation ship was completed. She was decommissioned on 29 May 1959 and was sold for scrap to the Belgian company "Van Heyghen" for 515,000 guilders on 19 May 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31102356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102356" title="Glasshouse Yard">
Glasshouse Yard

The Liberty of Glasshouse Yard was an extra-parochial liberty adjacent to the City of London. The liberty took its name from a glass manufacturing works established there. The area now forms part of the London Borough of Islington.
Formation.
The area that became the liberty was originally an outlying part of the parish of St Botolph without Aldersgate. Most of the parish lay within the boundaries of the City of London, with a small part lying in the adjoining county of Middlesex. Over time the population of the Middlesex portion of the parish increased as it became a suburb of London, and when the Elizabethan Poor Law was introduced, a separate administration was formed.
The Glasshouse.
The liberty became the site of a "glasshouse" or glass-making factory, probably in the reign of Elizabeth I, whose government pursued a policy of encouraging new industries. Such activities were banned from the area of the City itself, and so were set up in the area immediately adjoining it. By 1661 the factory was manufacturing crystal glass. By the end of the century, however, it appears to have been closed.
Extent.
The Liberty of Glasshouse Yard was bounded to the south by the City, to the east by the parish of St Sepulchre to the northeast by the Liberty of Charterhouse and to the north and north west by the parish of St Luke's. It had an area of , and by the 19th century was covered by parts of Goswell Street and Pickaxe Street.
Governance.
Finsbury division.
The liberty formed part of Ossulstone Hundred, one of six administrative divisions of the County of Middlesex. Ossulstone was the hundred nearest the City, and saw great population growth. By the 17th century it was found necessary to divide the ancient hundred into three autonomous divisions, and Glasshouse Yard became part of the Finsbury Division.
Poor law.
The liberty was a separate jurisdiction from the remainder of the parish of St Botolph for the administration of the poor law, and by the early eighteenth century the chief officer was known as the "headborough". The Poor Law Amendment Act 1834 allowed for the grouping of parishes into Poor Law Unions, with a single workhouse established in each union. In 1837 Glasshouse Yard was included in the East London Poor Law Union, which comprised the City parishes of St Botolph, Aldersgate, St Botolph, Aldgate, St Botolph, Bishopsgate and St Giles, Cripplegate. A board of guardians of twenty members was formed, with 2 being elected from the parish of St Botolph Aldersgate. The union built a workhouse at Homerton in 1852.
The Poor Law Amendment Act 1866 provided that all areas for which a separate poor rate was made were to be constituted as parishes, and accordingly Glasshouse Yard became a distinct civil parish separate from its mother parish.
In 1869 the East London PLU was merged with two other unions to form the City of London Poor Law Union, covering 118 parishes. In 1901 Glasshouse Yard was transferred to the Holborn Poor Law Union.
Holborn District Board.
The Metropolis Management Act 1855 introduced the first modern local government bodies to govern the built-up area of London. The act introduced two tiers of administration: the Metropolitan Board of Works (MBW) which was to undertake major infrastructure projects with below it a lower level of incorporated parish vestries or district boards. District boards covered two or more parishes and consisted of a number of elected vestrymen from each constituent parish, the number depending on population. The Holborn District Board of Works covered five Middlesex parishes and consisted of forty-nine vestrymen, of which one represented Glasshouse Yard. The first elections were held in November 1855, when the entire membership of the board was elected. Thereafter elections for one third of the seats were held in May, beginning in the year 1857.
In 1889 the area of the Metropolitan Board became the County of London, and the London County Council replaced the MBW. The district board continued to exist for a further eleven years.
Metropolitan Borough of Finsbury.
The London Government Act 1899 abolished the vestries and district boards within the County of London, replacing them with twenty-eight metropolitan boroughs. On 1 November 1900 Glasshouse Yard became part of the Metropolitan Borough of Finsbury which also consisted of the parishes of Charterhouse, Clerkenwell, St Luke and St Sepulchre. Glasshouse Yard was formally abolished in 1915 when the five parishes in the borough were merged into a single parish of Finsbury.
Modern development.
The area once occupied by the liberty has been extensively redeveloped since the Second World War. A modern street named Glasshouse Yard has been constructed to the west of Goswell Road and adjacent to the Golden Lane Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="31102363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102363" title="Chicago baseball team">
Chicago baseball team

Chicago baseball team may refer to either of the following Major League Baseball teams that play their home games in Chicago:
It may also refer to the following teams that play in the Chicago metropolitan area:

</doc>
<doc id="31102364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102364" title="List of Olympic venues in athletics">
List of Olympic venues in athletics

For the Summer Olympics, there are 60 venues that have been or will be used for athletics. These venues have been the main stadium that has also served as host for both the opening and closing ceremonies of the Summer Olympics. Other uses for the stadiums have included the FIFA World Cup, the Major League Baseball All-Star Game, the World Series, the National Football League's Super Bowl, the Asian Games, the Pan American Games (North and South America), and the IAAF World Championships in Athletics.
For the FIFA World Cup, the athletic stadiums of 1908 (1966), 1924 (1938 final), 1936 (1974, 2006 final), 1948 (1966 final), 1960 (1990 final), 1968 (1986), 1972 (1974 final), and as of the 2018 FIFA World Cup the 1980 venue where Grand Arena, now Luzhniki Stadium, will host the final.
As of 2013, six of the athletic stadiums have played host to seven IAAF World Championships in Athletics. They are from 1936 (2009), 1952 (1983, 2005), 1960 (1987), 1964 (1991), 1980 (2013), and 2004 (1997). Two other athletic venues used for the Olympics will host the IAAF World Championships in the future: Beijing National Stadium (2008) in 2015 and London's Olympic Stadium (2012) in 2017.
Two athletic stadiums used for the Summer Olympics have hosted the Asian Games. They are 1964 (1958) and 1988 (1986). Two other stadiums played host to the Pan American Games were from 1968 (1955) and 2016 (2007).
Three athletic venues hosted the Major League Baseball All-Star Game with the stadium for 1932 and 1984 hosting the second 1959 game, the 1976 venue hosting in 1982, and the 1996 venue (reconfigured as Turner Field after the 1996 Games) in 2000. The World Series would be hosted at the 1932 and 1984 athletics Summer Olympics in 1959 while the 1996 athletics venue would host forty years later. The 1976 athletics venue hosted the Canadian Football League Grey Cup six times between 1977 and 2008. Finally, the athletics venues used for the 1932 and 1984 Summer Olympics played host to the National Football League's Super Bowl's I and VII.

</doc>
<doc id="31102366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102366" title="The Donald O'Connor Show">
The Donald O'Connor Show

"The Donald O'Connor Show (also known as Here Comes Donald") is an American musical situation comedy television series starring singer/dancer Donald O'Connor. It appeared on NBC from October 9, 1954, to September 10, 1955, alternating on the Saturday evening schedule with "The Jimmy Durante Show"; both were sponsored by Texaco.
Synopsis.
O'Connor, the son of circus performers and formerly an alternating host on "The Colgate Comedy Hour", and his co-director and co-star Sidney Miller portray young struggling songwriters trying to find buyers for their musical compositions. This scenario allows the two to break out in song and dance throughout the program. In the segment which aired on December 4, 1954, three daughters of a theater owner have a dream about O'Connor the dancer: he is viewed as a marshal in the American West, as a knight in the Middle Ages, or as a famous composer such as Beethoven, Chopin, or Arthur Sullivan. 
Joyce Cunning, also known also as Joyce Smight, co-starred in the series in the role of Doreen, the songwriters' secretary. Other regulars were Regina Gleason, Joyce Holden, Jan Orvan, Olan Soule, and the Al Goodman Orchestra. Most musical programs at the time were shown live or on Kinescope. However, "The Donald O'Connor Show" was shot on film.
Guest stars included the dancer Sharon Baird, singer Mitzi Gaynor, singer and musical composer Johnny Mercer, 8-year-old Tim Rooney (son of Mickey Rooney), then 11-year-old Harry Shearer, Boris Karloff, Reginald Denny, and Douglas Fowley. The Robert Mitchell Boys Choir appeared with O'Connor and Miller on the Christmas night 1954 episode.
In 1964, nine years after the original "The Donald O'Connor Show" had folded, Lucille Ball tried in vain to revive the idea of another "The Donald O'Connor Show" script to ABC after it was rejected by NBC and CBS. That year her own "The Lucy Show" was the only Desilu Production on the networks.
O'Connor instead returned to television in the middle 1960s to host "The Bell Telephone Hour"; one of his episodes focuses on Cole Porter. In the 1968-1969 season, O'Connor hosted a syndicated talk show, also called "The Donald O'Connor Show". This second series had Joyce Jameson as the announcer and the accompaniment of the Alan Copland Orchestra. Numerous well-known guest stars, such as Sterling Holloway, Meredith MacRae, Barrie Chase, Irwin Corey, Peter Breck, Mike Minor, Dana Wynter, and musicians Ike and Tina Turner. The programs aired unspecified episodes between November 18, 1968, and August 4, 1969, though it may have begun some weeks earlier than indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="31102370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102370" title="Ravshan Bozorov">
Ravshan Bozorov

Ravshan Bozorov (born 10 May 1968) is a former footballer and trainer from Uzbekistan. He played in the position of forward. Bozorov is one of the best top goalscorers in the history of uzbek football with 316 goals in all tournaments and various leagues.
Playing career.
He started his career in 1986 at "Surkhon Termiz" which played one of the regional zones of Soviet Second League. Bozorov played from 1986 to 1989 for "Surkhon". In 1990-1991 he played for Pamir Dushanbe in Soviet Top League. 
In 2004 he became best goalscorer of "Tupolang Sariosiyo" with 44 goals and gained promotion to the top division with his club. Bozorov scored in his next season in "Tupolang" 9 goals, playing in Uzbek League. 
During his career he played for many clubs from various divisions. Only in top Uzbek League he played in over 300 matches and scored over 170 goals. He is member of the "Club 200 of Berador Abduraimov" founded 2001 by initiative of Uzbekistan Football Federation, club of the best goalscorers in uzbek football with over 200 goals. Ravshan Bozorov completed in his career 20 football seasons and scored 316 goals.
Managing career.
He started his managing carrer at FK Dinamo Samarqand in 2009 as he was appointed as assistant coach to Azamat Abduraimov. In 2011 he moved to Lokomotiv Tashkent as assistant to Vazgen Manasyan. From 2012 he was head coach of Lokomotic reserve youth squad and also worked in club Youth academy.
On 3 June 2014 he was appointed as head coach of NBU Osiyo.

</doc>
<doc id="31102376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102376" title="William Walton (rugby)">
William Walton (rugby)

William Walton (24 September 1874 — 1 June 1940 (aged 65) in Wakefield) was a Licensed victualler, and a rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1890s, and 1900s, playing representative level rugby union (RU) for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Castleford, as a Forward, and playing club level rugby league (RL) for Wakefield Trinity (captain), as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums. William Walton made his Wakefield Trinity début, and scored Wakefield Trinity' first ever try under Northern Union (RFL) rules, in the 15-9 victory over Wigan at Belle Vue, Wakefield on Saturday 21 September 1895.
Playing career.
International honours.
William Walton won a cap for England (RU) while at Castleford in the 0-6 defeat by Scotland at Raeburn Place, Edinburgh on Saturday 17 March 1894.
County honours.
William Walton won caps for Yorkshire (RU) while at Castleford during 1893-94.

</doc>
<doc id="31102398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102398" title="Lee Jong-ho">
Lee Jong-ho

Lee, Jong-Ho (; born 24 February 1992) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Chunnam Dragons in the K-League, and nicknamed "Gwangyang Rooney"
Career.
Lee attended Gwangyang Jecheol High School (Chunnam U-18 Team). Lee signed a three-year contract with Chunnam Dragons on 24 February 2011. He made his Chunnam debut in a 1–0 League match win over Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors on 6 March 2011, coming on as a substitute for Nam Joon-Jae.
International career.
On 18 October 2008, Lee accepted the Abdullah Al Dabal MVP award at the AFC U-16 Championship.
Lee also played for the South Korea national under-17 football team in the FIFA U-17 World Cup in 2009, and scored two goals for his national side.

</doc>
<doc id="31102401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102401" title="Grêmio Esportivo Tiradentes">
Grêmio Esportivo Tiradentes

Grêmio Esportivo Tiradentes, commonly known as Tiradentes, was a Brazilian football club based in Ceilândia, a satellite town of the Brazilian capital Brasília, dounded in 1967 and dissolved circa 2001. The winner of the Championship of the Federal District of 1988 competed five times in the Série C and once in the Série B and in the Copa do Brasil. For a short time, the club was known as Flamengo Esportivo Tiradentes de Brasília.
History.
The club was founded on February 3, 1967. Tiradentes won the Campeonato Brasiliense in 1988. The club competed in the Série C in 1988, when they reached the Third Stage, in 1992, when they were eliminated in the First Stage, in 1993, when they gained promotion to the 1994 Série B, and in 1995, when they were eliminated in the First Stage of that season's Série C. They were eliminated in the Second Round of the 1989 Copa do Brasil by Sport Club Corinthians Paulista. Tiradentes competed in the Série B in 1994, when they were eliminated in the First Stage of the competition and relegated. The club competed in the Série C in 1995, when they were eliminated in the First Stage of the competition. Between 1995 and 1996, due to a partnership with Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, the club was renamed to Flamengo Esportivo Tiradentes de Brasília. Tiradentes eventually folded.
Stadium.
Grêmio Esportivo Tiradentes played their home games at Serejão. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 30,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31102405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102405" title="Black Friday (Jay Rock mixtape)">
Black Friday (Jay Rock mixtape)

Black Friday is the tenth mixtape by American hip hop recording artist Jay Rock. It was released on November 26, 2010, for free download and then on December 7, 2010, via iTunes and Amazon.com, under Top Dawg Entertainment. It was Jay Rock's last mixtape before the release of his debut studio album "Follow Me Home".
Background.
The mixtape was interactive as it gained some of its tracks thanks to fans' feedback on Twitter and fans also helped shape the album cover. Music videos were released for "No Joke", "Diary of a Broke Nigga" and "Get on Your Shit".
Lyrics, production and themes.
The lyrics stay true to the typical rags-to-riches street narrative style, adding a sense of regularity to the mixtape, though it rarely crosses over into redundancy, thanks to Jay Rock's delivery.
The production embodies astral atmospheric sounds that evoke feelings of an urban cement dreamscape over the traditional hip-hop elements. "Walk by Me" production was described as trademark G-Funk synth on steady loop over the deep groove of drums and bass.
The mixtapes themes were described as "street" related and Rock's rapping was described as "reality rap". Ology described the mixtape as a "street narative"
Guests and production.
The mixtape features guest appearances from Black Hippy members Kendrick Lamar, Schoolboy Q and Ab-Soul along with Big Scoob, Trae Tha Truth and Spider Loc among others. The production was handled by Focus..., Crada and DJ Khalil, as well as in-house producers from Top Dawg Entertainment, such as Willie B and Sounwave, representing Digi+Phonics.
Critical reception.
It was named the 83rd best mixtape of 2010 by XXL and described as a "banger". Ab-Soul's featurings were praised by critics.

</doc>
<doc id="31102409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102409" title="Shha with descender">
Shha with descender

Shha with descender (; italics: ') is a letter of the Cyrillic script. Its form is derived from the Cyrillic letter Shha ( ') by the addition of a descender to the right leg.
Shha with descender is used in the alphabets of the Tati and Juhuri languages, where it represents the glottal stop .

</doc>
<doc id="31102411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102411" title="Aarhus Faculty of Science and Technology (Aarhus University)">
Aarhus Faculty of Science and Technology (Aarhus University)

The Aarhus Faculty of Science and Technology is a faculty of Aarhus University. The Aarhus Faculty of Science and Technology became a reality after Aarhus University was divided into four new main academic areas which came into effect on 1 January, 2011. The Aarhus Faculty of Science and Technology. Aarhus Faculty of Science and Technology consists of the former National Environmental Research Institute of Denmark (NERI) and the previously independent faculties The Faculty of Agricultural Sciences and the Faculty of Science. The head of this new main area is dean Brian Bech Nielsen.

</doc>
<doc id="31102420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102420" title="Wintergirls">
Wintergirls

Wintergirls is a young adult novel by Laurie Halse Anderson. It follows the story of Lia, an eighteen-year-old girl dealing with anorexia nervosa. The novel opens with the news that Lia's best friend of 10 years, Cassie, who was bulimic, has died, and the night she died, she tried to call Lia 33 times. The novel follows the course of Lia struggles with anorexia, her difficult relationships with her parents and stepmother, and her search to learn about Cassie's fate.
"The Washington Post" called the book "both painful to read and riveting". The New York Times said that "We recognize Lia, but it’s sometimes hard to relate to her."

</doc>
<doc id="31102424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102424" title="Max Aaron">
Max Aaron

Maxwell Theodore Aaron (born February 25, 1992) is an American figure skater. He is the 2013 U.S. national champion, the 2011 U.S. national junior champion, and the 2012 and 2013 U.S. International Classic champion.
Career.
Early years.
Aaron began skating as a hockey player at age four, and took up figure skating at age nine to improve his skating. He competed in the USA Hockey nationals in both 2006 and 2007. In hockey, he played U16 AAA, the highest level for ages 16 and under, and was one of 40 youngsters to make the USA hockey development team in 2007. He led his league in goals and penalties for two years.
In figure skating, at the same time, he finished in 5th place on the novice level at the US championships in 2006. In 2007, he finished in 16th place on the junior level at the U.S. Championships.
He continued to compete in both sports until 2008. That year, he fractured his back, fracturing the right and left of his L5 lumbar vertebrae, had to spend four months in a body cast and seven months in physical therapy, and was required to stay off the ice for a year.
He later moved from Scottsdale, Arizona, where he had skated at Alltell Ice Den, to Colorado Springs, Colorado, to train at the Broadmoor Skating Club and the World Arena. There, he picked Tom Zakrajsek as his head coach and Christy Krall on some small techniques. Zakrajsek describes Aaron as a strong jumper who jumps high, skates very fast with tremendous power, and has the ability to compete very closely to what he trains.
2010–present; US Championship.
A year after his back injury, during the 2009–10 season, Aaron won the bronze medal at the U.S. national junior championships. In 2011, he won a silver medal at the SBC Cup in Karuizawa, Japan. He then won the national junior title, while at the same championships his younger sister Madeline won the novice pairs title with her partner and his older sister Molly finished in 11th place in senior pairs. He then competed in the 2011 World Junior Championships in Gangneung, South Korea, and placed 5th.
Aaron won gold at the 2012 U.S. International Classic. He took silver at the 2012 Cup of Nice.
At the age of 20 years old, Aaron won the 2013 U.S. Championships. He opened his “West Side Story” free skate with a quad (a figure skating jump with four or more, but fewer than fifty, revolutions) Salchow jump (a jump with a takeoff from a back inside edge of one foot, a rotation in the air made in the direction of the curve of the take-off edge, and a landing on the back outside edge of the foot opposite the one used for take-off, with perhaps one or more rotations in the air)-double toe and a quad Salchow. He ended his program with six triple jumping passes in bonus time. He finished with 255 points overall, ahead of silver medalist Ross Miner and three-time winner Jeremy Abbott.
Aaron made his Grand Prix debut at the 2013 Skate America. In sixth place after the short, he placed second in the free and pulled up to win the bronze medal behind winner Tatsuki Machida and silver medalist Adam Rippon.
Personal life.
Aaron was born in Scottsdale, Arizona, to Mindy, a nurse, and Neil, a pediatrician. His younger sister Madeline (2013 US junior bronze medalist) and older sister Molly have also competed in figure skating. Max Aaron is dating fellow figure skater, Gracie Gold. 
He is Jewish, and was raised in a traditionally Conservative Jewish home. He said: I grew up looking to all those Jewish athletes for inspiration. I always thought the list needed to be longer. We needed to have a stronger representation of Jewish athletes, and I’m so happy that I’m part of them now.
During high school, Aaron received the Principal's List Award and was on honor roll for four years. After attending Chaparral High School in Scottsdale, he graduated from Cheyenne Mountain High School in 2010. He currently studies at Pikes Peak Community College in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and the University of Colorado in Colorado Springs, where he is considering a major in business.

</doc>
<doc id="31102430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102430" title="Lumot Dam">
Lumot Dam

Lumot Dam is an embankment dam located between the towns of Cavinti and Lumban, in the province of Laguna, Philippines. The dam was constructed across Lumot River creating a reservoir now known as Lumot Lake or Sierra Lake. Lumot Lake provides additional water through a Bell-mouth spillway and tunnel to Caliraya Lake, which in turn serves as the upper reservoir for the Kalayaan Pumped-Storage Hydroelectric Plant.
History.
Lumot Dam was started on June 1, 1948 with the passing of Republic Act no. 216 approving expenditures for the construction of several hydroelectric dams in the Philippines including the diversion of Lumot River and raising of the height of Caliraya Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="31102433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102433" title="Clariden Leu">
Clariden Leu

Clariden Leu was a Swiss private bank based in Zurich and Geneva Switzerland founded in 2007 by Clariden president Alex Hoffmann and Credit Suisse Group. Until 2007 it was operating as Clariden Bank an independent Private Bank belonging both to Credit Suisse Group and management at the bank. It was then fully merged with Credit Suisse Group in 2007 when Hoffmann retired after running the bank for almost 40 years as subsequently co-founder, CEO and President. In 1974 Hoffmann married Theresa Braitenberg first wife and mother of JP Buri's two sons, Phillippe Buri who died of cancer in 1993, and Patrick Buri born in 1972 who is an investor, political science advisor, philanthropist, investment manager and board member on several subsidiaries and companies; JP Buri was the son of the General Partner at Bank Heusser Bernard Buri, and Clariden merged with Bank Heusser Buri based in Basel to gradually acquire the four Credit Suisse private banks: Bank Leu, Bank Hofmann, and BGP Banca di Gestione Patrimoniale together with the securities dealer Credit Suisse Fides on January 26, 2007, Clariden Leu was one of the largest private banks in Switzerland and ultimately managed more than 100 billion CHF.
Robert L. Genillard was also co founder at Clariden Bank representing Credit Suisse Group.
That compares with Credit Suisse’s targets for its private banking business as a whole to add at least 6 percent of assets under management in net new money annually. Clariden Leu posted pretax earnings of 260 million francs in 2006 on revenue of 1.07 billion francs.
On November 15, 2011, Credit Suisse Group AG announced its intent to integrate its subsidiary Clariden Leu fully into Credit Suisse.
Credit Suisse legally merged with Clariden Leu on April 2, 2012, acquiring all of Clariden Leu's assets and liabilities and assuming all of its rights and obligations. Until that time, any reference to Clariden Leu will be considered legally to be a reference to Credit Suisse. The merger will also make Clariden Leu Holding AG part of Credit Suisse Group AG.

</doc>
<doc id="31102435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102435" title="St Augustine's Church, Flimwell">
St Augustine's Church, Flimwell

St Augustine's Church is the Anglican parish church of Flimwell, a village in the Rother district of East Sussex, England. It was consecrated in 1839 after architect Decimus Burton had built the nave and tower, which was then topped with a spire in 1873. The building was extended six years later by the addition of a chancel. The church has grade II listed building status.

</doc>
<doc id="31102443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102443" title="Mechanics' Union of Trade Associations">
Mechanics' Union of Trade Associations

The Mechanics' Union of Trade Associations (also known as The Mechanics' Union or MUTA) is a now-defunct American trade union founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1827.
Origin.
During the winter of 1826-1827, more than 800 Philadelphians were jailed in a debtors' prison as a consequence of not having paid off their loans.
One anonymous prisoner working from his prison cell wrote an open letter, "To the Mechanics and Working-Men of the Fifth Ward, and those friendly to their Interests," describing the difficult work conditions suffered by working-class Philadelphians. The letter inspired a few outspoken writers to publish a widely circulated article demanding the workday be cut from twelve hours to ten hours. In June 1827, carpenters in Philadelphia struck for a 10-hour workday, agreeing to no reduction in wages. According to ExplorePAhistory.com: 
By October, the protesters had established the Mechanics' Union of Trade Associations, the first trade union to cross craft lines.
Activities.
Almost immediately, the organization set up its own advocacy newspaper, the "Mechanics Free Press," and began providing benefits for its members and political candidates, "who will support the interest of the working classes." The Mechanics' Union of Trade Associations became a proxy of the united crafts in Philadelphia, independent of the increasingly popular Jacksonian Democrats. Members of the association became known as "workies", and ran numerous candidates for local offices while forging coalitions with other Anti-Jacksonian organizations who supported educational reforms and economic regulations favorable to Philadelphia's workers.
In 1837, ten years after the original carpenter protests, dozens of industries achieved their greatest victory when the City of Philadelphia passed legislation prohibiting businesses from employing workers for more than 10 hours a day.
Loss of influence.
The gains of the organization, however, were relatively short lived. Soon after the 10-hour workday legislation, the Panic of 1837 caused many businesses to declare bankruptcy, and the subsequent rise in unemployment effectively deactivated the Mechanics' Union.
Legacy.
Despite the relatively short lifespan of the Mechanics' Union of Trade Associations, future union leaders such as John Siney and William Sylvis looked to the Mechanics' Union for inspiration in the coal miners organizing movement. The organization also heavily influenced the idea of collective bargaining in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31102451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102451" title="2013 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials">
2013 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials

The 2013 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials were held from December 1 to 8 at the MTS Centre in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The event is also known and advertised as the Tim Hortons Roar of the Rings. The winners of the men's and women's events were chosen to represent Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Qualification process.
The qualification process for the 2013 Olympic trials will differ slightly from the process used at the 2009 trials. For both the men's and women's categories, a pool of eighteen teams is designated as eligible to represent Canada at the 2014 Olympics, based on rankings from the Canadian Team Ranking System (CTRS). From the pool of eighteen, six teams are selected to qualify directly for the 2013 Canadian Curling Trials in December. The remaining twelve teams will compete in a pre-trials tournament, and the top two teams will qualify for the eight-team trials. The winner of each trials will represent Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Six teams qualified directly into the Olympic Trials based on the following criteria:
Pre-Trials.
The pre-trials tournament took place from November 5 to 10 at the Kitchener Memorial Auditorium Complex (also known as "The Aud") in Kitchener, Ontario. The top two finishers of the men's and women's events qualified to participate in the Trials. On the men's side, the qualifiers were John Morris and Brad Jacobs, and on the women's side, the qualifiers were Renée Sonnenberg and Valerie Sweeting.
Men.
Teams.
The teams are listed as follows:
Round Robin Standings.
"Final Round Robin Standings"
Round Robin Results.
All draw times are listed in Central Standard Time (UTC−6).
Draw 2.
"Sunday, December 1, 6:30 pm"
Draw 4.
"Monday, December 2, 1:30 pm"
Draw 6.
"Tuesday, December 3, 8:30 am"
Draw 8.
"Tuesday, December 3, 6:30 pm"
Draw 10.
"Wednesday, December 4, 1:30 pm"
Draw 13.
"Thursday, December 5, 6:30 pm"
Draw 14.
"Friday, December 6, 8:30 am"
Playoffs.
Semifinal.
"Saturday, December 7, 1:30 pm"
Final.
"Sunday, December 8, 2:00 pm"
Women.
Teams.
The teams are listed as follows:
Round Robin Standings.
"Final Round Robin Standings"
Note: At the conclusion of the round robin, Carey, Homan, and Middaugh were all tied at second place. The tie between the three teams was broken by the draw shot challenge. Homan had the best result in the challenge, and was thus awarded the second seed and a spot in the semifinal, while Carey and Middaugh will play a tiebreaker to determine the third seed.
Round Robin Results.
All draw times are listed in Central Standard Time (UTC−6).
Draw 1.
"Sunday, December 1, 1:00 pm"
Draw 3.
"Monday, December 2, 8:30 am"
Draw 5.
"Monday, December 2, 6:30 pm"
Draw 7.
"Tuesday, December 3, 1:30 pm"
Draw 9.
"Wednesday, December 4, 8:30 am"
Draw 11.
"Wednesday, December 4, 6:30 pm"
Draw 12.
"Thursday, December 5, 1:30 pm"
Tiebreaker.
"Friday, December 6, 1:30 pm"
Playoffs.
Semifinal.
"Friday, December 6, 6:30 pm"
Final.
"Saturday, December 7, 6:30 pm"
Statistics.
"Round robin only"

</doc>
<doc id="31102467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102467" title="Lumot Lake">
Lumot Lake

Lumot Lake, also known as Sierra Lake, is a man-made water reservoir located in the towns of Cavinti and Lumban, province of Laguna, in the Sierra Madre Mountains of the Philippines. The lake was created when Lumot Dam, an embankment dam, was constructed damming the Lumot River, creating an auxiliary water reservoir for Lake Caliraya as part of the Kalayaan Pumped-Storage Hydroelectric Plant. The waters between the two lakes are conveyed by a penstock.
Lumot Lake is less developed that the bigger Lake Caliraya but both lakes are popular spots for water sports and largemouth bass fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="31102486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102486" title="Chris McDonald (soccer)">
Chris McDonald (soccer)

Chris McDonald is a retired American soccer player who spent most of his career in indoor leagues.
Career.
In 1993, McDonald graduated from Del Campo High School. He played on both the Del Campo soccer team and with River City Soccer Club. He attended the University of San Francisco where he played on the men's soccer team from 1993 to 1996. During the 1996 off-season, he played for the San Francisco Bay Seals in the USISL.
On February 1, 1997, the San Jose Clash selected him in the third round (twenty-first overall) of the 1997 MLS College Draft. McDonald chose to remain in school and did not sign with the Clash. In June 1997, he signed with the Sacramento Knights of the Continental Indoor Soccer League. He left the team in 1998 to join the Nashville Metros of the USISL. At the end of the outdoor season, McDonald rejoined the Knights as they went to the PSA championship. McDonald remained with the Knights through the 2001 season. In 1999, Sacramento won the World Indoor Soccer League title. The team folded after the 2001 season and the San Diego Sockers selected McDonald in the Dispersal Draft. He did not sign with them and left professional soccer for two years. In January 2004, he joined the Sockers. He finished the season with the Sockers who folded during the off-season. In 2004, McDonald also played for the amateur Sacramento Knights of the Men's Professional Soccer League. In January 2005, the Cleveland Force selected McDonald with the eighth selection of the MISL Dispersal Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="31102495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102495" title="Evelio Hernández (baseball)">
Evelio Hernández (baseball)

Gregorio Evelio Hernández López (born December 24, 1931, at Guanabacoa, Cuba) is a retired professional baseball player, a right-handed pitcher who appeared in 18 games for the – Washington Senators of Major League Baseball. He stood tall and weighed .
Hernández' professional career on the North American mainland spanned 11 seasons (1954–1958; 1961–1964; 1966–1967) and 370 games in U.S. and Mexican minor league baseball. His notable seasons included 1955, when he won 23 games and lost 15 while pitching in 55 games and 271 innings for the Hobbs Sports of the Class C Longhorn League, and the following year, 1956, when he won 18 and lost 4, compiling a stellar 2.86 earned run average, for the Charlotte Hornets of the Class A Sally League. That performance earned him a late-season call-up to the Senators, when he appeared in four games.
Hernández split the next season between Charlotte, the Double-A Chattanooga Lookouts, and the Senators, for whom he worked in 14 more games. Altogether, his Major League record included one complete game, a 1–1 won-lost record (with an ERA of 4.45), 28 bases on balls and 24 strikeouts in 58⅔ innings.

</doc>
<doc id="31102498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102498" title="England Public School District">
England Public School District

The England Public School District 2 is a school district headquartered in England, Arkansas, United States. It serves territory in Lonoke and Jefferson counties.
The district has two schools, England Elementary School (Grades K-8) and England High School (Grades 7-12).
In 1968 the England School District started a night program at the Tucker Unit, an Arkansas Department of Correction prison in Tucker.

</doc>
<doc id="31102507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102507" title="Arne Myhrvold">
Arne Myhrvold

Arne Myhrvold (born 1945) is a Norwegian sports official. He was president of the Norwegian Olympic Committee from 1989, of the Norwegian Confederation of Sports from 1994, and of the Norwegian Olympic and Paralympic Committee and Confederation of Sports after the merge, from 1996 to 1999. He served as sports director in the umbrella organization of European Olympic Committees from 1999 to 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31102519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102519" title="Associação Atlética Nova Venécia">
Associação Atlética Nova Venécia

Associação Atlética Nova Venécia, commonly known as Nova Venécia, is a Brazilian football club based in Nova Venécia, Espírito Santo state.
History.
The club was founded on March 25, 1983. Nova Venécia won the Campeonato Capixaba Second Level in 1992. The club merged with Leão de São Marcos Esporte Clube and Veneciano Futebol Clube on June 14, 2001 to former Sociedade Esportiva Veneciano.
Stadium.
Associação Atlética Nova Venécia play their home games at Estádio Zenor Pedrosa Rocha. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31102520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102520" title="Canton of Saint-Chinian">
Canton of Saint-Chinian

The Canton of Saint-Chinian is a subdivision of the French department of Hérault, and its subdivision, the Arrondissement of Béziers.
Municipalities.
It is composed of these communes:
History.
This Canton was revised in 2004, and is up for re-assessment in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31102522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102522" title="Non-citizens (disambiguation)">
Non-citizens (disambiguation)

Non-citizens:

</doc>
<doc id="31102530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102530" title="Media in Missoula, Montana">
Media in Missoula, Montana

Since its incorporation in 1885, Missoula, Montana has been one of the primary media markets in the state of Montana. Beginning with the weekly newspaper the "Missoula and Ceder Creek Pioneer". The Missoula single broadcast over air television media market has been the largest in Montana (#166 nationally) since 2002. Though Billings is the largest city in Montana Missoula's single broadcast over air television media market includes Missoula, Ravalli, Granite, Mineral, Lake, Flathead, and Sanders and serves over 113,000 television homes (2011). Missoula is also home to the states third largest daily newspaper, the "Missoulian" and the states largest alternative weekly, the "Missoula Independent".
Newspapers.
History.
Missoula's newspaper history dates back to 1870 when The "Missoula and Cedar Creek Pioneer" was first published by Magee Brothers & and Morrison. Originally called simply the "Cedar Creek Pioneer" after the gold rush settlement where it was founded before moving to Missoula, the newspaper's name when through several variations after the Cedar Creek mines in Mineral County appeared to be completely exploited. In a little more than two years the name changed from "The Missoula & Cedar Creek Pioneer" (Sept. 1870 - Jan. 1871) to the "Missoula Pioneer" (Jan. - Nov. 1871) to "The Pioneer" (Nov. 1871 - Nov. 1872) to "The Montana Pioneer" (Dec. 1872 - Feb. 1873) before finally becoming the "Weekly Missoulian" in February 1873. By 1894 the "Missoulian" had both a daily and even an evening edition. Today, "The Missoulian" remains as Missoula's only daily newspaper. 
In the late 19th and early 20th century, numerous newspapers sprang up in Missoula ranging from "The Baptist Mountaineer" to "The Montana Fruit Grower" to "The Missoula Socialist", but few newspapers lasted longer than a couple years or even several issues before going out of business, changing their names, or being absorbed by other newspapers. Two notable exceptions were the "Missoula Sentinel" (1911–1967) and the "Missoula County Times" (1931–1968).
Shortly after losing the 1912 election, Dixon purchased the "Sentinel", not so much for political reasons but because he did not believe there were enough advertising dollars in Missoula to support two daily newspapers. Indeed, he kept the "Sentinel" as a Democratic newspaper. However, Dixon soon faced the wrath of the powerful Anaconda Copper Mining Company (known simply as "The Company") that controlled much of Montana's politics and media at the time. Both papers were sold to Chicago newspapermen in 1917 and new editor Martin J. Hutchens came under The Company's influence. In 1926, both papers were purchased by the previous editor of the "Anaconda Standard" (The Company's newspaper) and would remain under the Company's control until they were sold to Lee Enterprises in 1959. The "Sentinel" was ultimately discontinued in 1967.
" The Missoula County Times " was a weekly newspaper founded by Charles Doherty in 1931. It bared no relation to a newspaper of the same name published from 1883-1888 that was later absorbed into the Missoulian. The name was later changed to the Missoula "Times" in 1947. Doherty operated the newspaper until his death in 1958. The newspaper was then purchased, along with the "Sentinel" and "Missoulian" by Lee Enterprises. The paper ended publication in 1968.
The Missoulian.
The "Missoulian's" roots are based in Missoula's first newspaper, the "Missoula & Cedar Creek Pioneer", founded in 1870 and was devoted to reporting on the development of Western Montana. In 1873, Judge Frank Woody, who would later become Missoula's first mayor, purchased the paper and changed its name to the "Missoulian". The newspaper would offer only a weekend edition until 1891 when new owner A.B. Hammond converted it to a daily newspaper as Missoula's population passed 3,000. In December 1906 Wilhelm's Magazine "The Coast" described the newspaper as "one of the best papers in the state of Montana and has the credit of being a strong paper in all matters pertaining to public and state affairs. It is large, well edited and a credit to Missoula."
In 1900, Hammond began selling stock in the Missoulian to political rival Joseph M. Dixon who would later become a US Congressman, US Congressman, and the state of Montana's seventh governor. Dixon gained control over the paper in 1907 and brought in Arthur Stone, a former "Anaconda Standard" reporter and managing editor as well as former Democratic state legislator, as editor. His experience would help modernize the paper and expand its reach. The Republican "Daily Missoulian" (as it would be called until 1961) was soon rivaled by the Democrat-leaning "Missoula Herald" published by the Hassler Brothers and its successor the "Missoula Sentinel" that was purchased in 1912 (one year after its founding) by Richard Kilroy for the purpose of politically wounding Dixon as he ran for re-election in the first year Senators were popularly elected. (*note. Though the 17th Amendment to the Constitution was not ratified until 1913, the Montana legislature provided for the direct election of US Senators in 1911 in anticipation of the amendments ratification.) Dixon would lose the election in a Democratic sweep and would lose the paper for financial reasons five years later.
Montana's press in 1912 was almost entirely under the influence and control of the Anaconda Copper Mining Company, then known as "Amalgamated Copper Company" or, in a nod to its incredible clout in Montana politics and journalism, simply "The Company". The "Missoulian" was not a "Company paper"; according to Jerre Murphy, a former Amalgamated employee turned muckracker it was the only major newspaper in Montana that was not. After his election defeat Dixon turned the Missoulian against Amalgamated with scathing editorials and "objectionable" news. With Dixon refusing to sell the paper, the Company chose bribery by offering Dixon the "Missoula Sentinel" that Dixon felt was splitting the city's advertising dollars. Dixon accepted, but only on the condition that he would be "fair" to Amalgamated in the press. Pressure on advertisers for new anti-Dixon competition and Amalgamated itself pulling its advertising dollars as well as having the Milwaukee Road cancel complimentary papers that it had given to passengers, however, forced Dixon to sell. In two newspapermen from the "Chicago Journal", Martin Hutchens and Lester L. Jones purchased the Missoulian and was soon part of the "copper press" (i.e. a "Company paper" known for using its pages to promote the Company's views and for suppressing news it didn’t want reported) and would remain as such until Anaconda Copper sold all its Montana newspapers to Lee Enterprises in 1959.
Other Newspapers.
Other newspapers in Missoula include the alternative weekly "Missoula Independent", a member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies founded in 1991, the "The Montana Kaimin" from the University of Montana founded in 1898. In 2005, the electronic-only "New West" (website) was founded as a left-leaning "next-generation media company" that focused on culture, environment, economy, and politics in the Rocky Mountain West. The paper has further developed editions in Bozeman, Montana and Boise, Idaho.
Broadcast Media.
Missoula is home to 4 AM radio stations and 17 FM stations as well as 4 primary television channels.
History.
Missoula's first radio station, KGVO (Great Valley of Ours) was launched January 18, 1931 by Arthur James Mosby who had moved to Missoula in 1922 and constructed a transmitter from a diagram and parts list in an amateur radio magazine. With the station, Mosby is credited as being instrumental in bringing the CBS Radio Network to Montana. 
In 1941 Mosby hired future national radio broadcaster Paul Harvey. Harvey enjoyed Missoula, and it is here that he developed his unique style of highlighting the softer side of news. He and Mosby quickly became and remained friends until Mosby's death in 1970 with Harvey giving an on-air birthday wish for Mosby's 80th birthday and short eulogy after his death two years later. However, in the summer of 1941 Mosby called Harvey into his office to offer him a job in the sales department because, according to Mosby, Harvey was a great salesman but had a "silly and funny sounding voice" that couldn't be taken seriously enough for him to be reporting the news. Harvey would not take the offer and would leave Missoula, but he would oddly credit Mosby for pushing him up through his career by kicking him out.
In the summer of 1954, KGVO-TV, also owned by Mosby, became Missoula's first television station. Programming began at only four hours a day, and the station carried programming from the three broadcast networks though the station was a primary CBS affiliate given its relationship with its sister radio station KGVO. The station would briefly become KMSO-TV in 1957 but would revert to KGVO-TV in 1964 and would use the call letters until 1978 when the station became the current NBC affiliate KECI-TV. Missoula's second station, KPAX-TV began as a satellite station from Butte in 1970 before becoming a full-fledged broadcaster in 1977. KPAX was started by Joseph Sample to join his Montana Television Network with the intention of uniting Montana's diverse areas while grouping them together for the national advertising market. KPAX acted as a CBS-ABC affiliate until KTMF came online in 1991 as the ABC affiliate. Missoula's FOX affiliate KMMF opened in 2002 but was shut down on June 12, 2009 when analog broadcasting ended. Montana PBS, KUSM-TV, signed on for the first time on October 1, 1984, making Montana the last state to have its own PBS station

</doc>
<doc id="31102534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102534" title="Betong Mongkhonrit Tunnel">
Betong Mongkhonrit Tunnel

The Betong Mongkhonrit Tunnel () is the first and largest road tunnel in Thailand. It is located in Betong, Yala Province, Thailand. It is a curved tunnel, 268 metres long, connecting the town centre with a newer part of the town to the South-East. The tunnel was opened on 1 January 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31102535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102535" title="List of governors of Islamic Egypt">
List of governors of Islamic Egypt

Governors of Arab Egypt (640–1250) and Mamluk Egypt (1250–1517).
Ayyubid Sultanate (1171–1252).
"* Shajar al-Durr widow of As-Salih Ayyub ruled as sultana after the assassination of Turanshah."

</doc>
<doc id="31102537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102537" title="Dagum distribution">
Dagum distribution

The Dagum distribution is a continuous probability distribution defined over all positive real numbers. It is named after Camilo Dagum, who proposed it in a series of papers in the 1970s. The Dagum distribution arose from several variants of a new model on the size distribution of personal income and is mostly associated with the study of income distribution. There is both a three-parameter specification (Type I) and a four-parameter specification (Type II) of the Dagum distribution; a summary of the genesis of this distribution can be found in "A Guide to the Dagum Distributions". A general source on statistical size distributions often cited in work using the Dagum distribution is "Statistical Size Distributions in Economics and Actuarial Sciences".
Definition.
The cumulative distribution function of the Dagum distribution (Type I) is given by
The corresponding probability density function is given by
The Dagum distribution can be derived as a special case of the Generalized Beta II (GB2) distribution (a generalization of the Beta prime distribution). There is also an intimate relationship between the Dagum and Singh-Maddala distribution.
The cumulative distribution function of the Dagum (Type II) distribution adds a point mass at the origin and then follows a Dagum (Type I) distribution over the rest of the support (i.e. over the positive halfline)

</doc>
<doc id="31102552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102552" title="Uzbekistani parliamentary election, 1999">
Uzbekistani parliamentary election, 1999

Parliamentary elections were held in Uzbekistan on 5 December 1999, with a second round in 66 of the 250 constituencies on 19 December. The People's Democratic Party of Uzbekistan emerged as the largest party, with 49 of the 250 seats. Voter turnout was 95.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="31102569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102569" title="Linum narbonense">
Linum narbonense

Linum narbonense (perennial flax or blue flax), is a flowering plant in the family Linaceae, native to Europe and similar in appearance to "Linum perenne".
Growing to 1–2.5 feet tall and 1 foot wide, the stem terminates in a cyme of about ten clear blue flowers with five petals, 2–2.5cm in diameter, and the small, narrow grayish green leaves are arranged on the stem in whorls. In early summer it produces teardrops buds. The seed heads are small beige balls. 
Cultivation.
"Linum narbonense" is found cultivated in gardens. Seeds should be started indoors 6–8 weeks before last frost or outdoors in early spring once the soil is workable. Seeds should germinate in 14–30 days.

</doc>
<doc id="31102587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102587" title="2011 Cachantún Cup – Doubles">
2011 Cachantún Cup – Doubles

Sebastián Prieto and Horacio Zeballos were the defending champions from the last edition of the tournament in 2009, but only Zeballos chosed to defend his title.
He played alongside Máximo González. They won the title, defeating Guillermo Rivera-Aránguiz and Cristóbal Saavedra-Corvalán 6–3, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31102603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102603" title="Aarhus Faculty of Arts (Aarhus University)">
Aarhus Faculty of Arts (Aarhus University)

The Aarhus Faculty of Arts is a faculty of Aarhus University. The Aarhus Faculty of Arts became a reality after Aarhus University was divided into four new main academic areas which came into effect on 1 January, 2011. The Aarhus Faculty of Arts consists of the former Danish School of Education and previously independent faculties "Faculty of Humanities" and "Faculty of Theology". The head of this new main area is dean Mette Thunø.

</doc>
<doc id="31102626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102626" title="Quod Financial">
Quod Financial

Quod Financial is a privately owned adaptive trading technology provider which specialises in software and services such as algorithmic trading, smart order routing and internalisation of liquidity. The firm provides electronic trading solutions to liquidity venues, exchanges, retail brokers, buy side and sell side institutions. 
The company is headquartered in London with offices in Paris and New York. It has teamed up with Catena Technologies in Singapore, to take advantage of liquidity fragmentation in the Asia Pacific.
History.
Quod Financial was formed in 2004 via the business acquisition of Reuters Mercury Online, which also used to be a trading technology provider.
Application Modules.
Quod Financial's application modules include smart order routing for buy side and sell side firms, modules for cross-asset and multi-asset trading, as well as online trading for retail and institutional brokers.
Adaptive Smart Order Router (ASOR).
ASOR is designed for the sell side firms and supports equity and derivative asset classes. 
Adaptive Cross (ACross).
ACross, a MiFID II and Dodd-Frank Ready application module, which allows brokers to take care of their crossing opportunities. It can be combined with a dynamic SOR, enabling the user to work orders externally and cross internally when crossable flow is available.
Adaptive Online Trader (AOLT).
AOLT is a multi-asset web-based trading application module. AOLT is based on Microsoft's Silverlight technology that allows continuous streaming to web pages. The AOLT is designed for retail broker.
Adaptive Execution Platform (AEP).
AEP's modules include: trading-specific algorithmic engine, order and quote management, connectivity and middleware.
Algorithmic Engine (AE).
The Algorithmic Engine is an adaptive financial event processing engine that understands the relationship between parent and child orders, different order types and market events. It supports a library of the most important and common execution algorithms such as TWAP and VWAP. It also has an open C++ API that allows users to create, customise and extend the algorithms.
Order & Quote Management (OMS).
This module is designed for sell side institutions and manages the whole life cycle of an order.
Connectivity.
The AEP is set up to handle upstream and downstream data systems through native gateways using an API or through FIX connectivity and proprietary gateways. Quod Financial has its own FIX engines versions 4.2 to 5.0. The Market Data FeedHandler provides native exchange and other venue FeedHandlers, as well as leading market data providers.
Application Delivery Models.
There are two types of delivery models for all application modules at Quod Financial.
Enterprise Model.
In Enterprise model the application module is installed on client's data centre and maintained by themselves.
SaaS Model.
In the software-as-a-service (SaaS) model, a hosted model, the software is installed at one of Quod Financial's proximity data centres. In this model economies of scale is applied to application operations and hence users can take advantage of reduction of overal cost. In general, there are a number of advantages in using SaaS:

</doc>
<doc id="31102664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102664" title="Vermilion River (Sudbury District)">
Vermilion River (Sudbury District)

The Vermilion River is a river in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Sudbury District and Greater Sudbury in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.
Course.
The river begins at an unnamed lake in Unorganized Sudbury, Sudbury District, about northwest of the settlement of McKees Camp and the McKee's Camp railway station, and heads north to Tramp Lake where it meets the Canadian National Railway (CN) transcontinental main line, served by the Via Rail "The Canadian" passenger train. The river then turns southeast through Thor Lake and begins a long stretch paralleled by the CN line. It heads through Post Lake and past the settlement of Laforest to reach Baseline Lake and the settlement of Raphoe. The Vermilion River enters Greater Sudbury near the settlement of Sellwood, takes in the right tributary Roberts River at the settlement of Milnet where it also meets Sudbury Municipal Road 84 (formerly Ontario Highway 545), turns south, and reaches the community of Capreol, where the river and railway line part. The river heads west, takes in the right tributary Rapid River, passes over the Kettle Rapids, takes in the right tributary Nelson River, turns southwest, passes the community of Rayside-Balfour and takes in the right tributary Onaping River near the community of Onaping Falls. It is crossed by the Canadian Pacific Railway (CP) transcontinental main line, served by the Via Rail Sudbury – White River train passenger train and enters Vermilion Lake at the middle of the north side. The river exits the lake at the east over the Domtar Stobie Dam, takes in the left tributary Whitson River, loops southeast then heads south, passes over McFadden Falls, Cascade Falls and Duncan Chute, is crossed by Ontario Highway 17 and reaches McCharles Lake east of the community of Whitefish, and from which point the river forms the boundary between Greater Sudbury and the Whitefish Lake 6 Indian reserve. At Rat Lake, the river then heads west then southwest, over the Vale Inco Lorne Falls Power Station and dam, enters Nairn and Hyman township in Sudbury District at Wabagishik Lake, and reaches its mouth at the Spanish River, in the geographic township of Foster in Unorganized Sudbury just east of the town limit of Espanola, which flows to the North Channel on Lake Huron.
River modifications.
The Stobie dam as well as other structures on the tributary Onaping River are used to regulate water flow for hydroelectricity production at Lorne station as well as at other generating stations on the Spanish River.
Economy.
Hydroelectricity.
The Lorne Falls Dam, now owned by Vale Inco, was originally developed by the Lorne Power Company in 1909. Four new projects totalling 11.8 MW have been proposed for the lower Vermillion (in upstream order): Wabagishik Rapid just downstream of Wabagishik Lake; At Soo Crossing near Highway 17; Cascade Falls; and McPherson Falls, between Stobie Dam and Cascade Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="31102679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102679" title="Uzbekistani constitutional referendum, 2002">
Uzbekistani constitutional referendum, 2002

A constitutional referendum was held in Uzbekistan on 27 January 2002. Voters were asked two questions; one on extending the presidential term from five to seven years, and a second on introducing a bicameral parliament. Both were approved by voters, the former by 91%. Voter turnout was reported to be 92%.

</doc>
<doc id="31102695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102695" title="Esporte Clube Aracruz">
Esporte Clube Aracruz

Esporte Clube Aracruz, commonly known as Aracruz, is a Brazilian football club based in Aracruz, Espírito Santo state. The club was formerly known as Esporte Clube Sauassu. They won the Campeonato Capixaba once.
History.
The club was founded on June 12, 1954, as Esporte Clube Sauassu. They won the Campeonato Capixaba Second Level in 1990 and in 2010. Aracruz won the Campeonato Capixaba in 2012, after beating Conilon in the final.
Stadium.
Esporte Clube Aracruz play their home games at Estádio Eugênio Antônio Bitti. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31102698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102698" title="Luan Santana">
Luan Santana

Luan Domingos Rafael Santana (born 13 March 1991; ) is a Brazilian singer and composer of sertanejo universitário music.
Currently Santana has one of the most expensive concert fees in the country, charging about R$300,000 per performance. His first live album was a bestseller throughout 2010, selling over 500,000 copies. It remains among the best-selling albums in Brazil. His second album was recorded live in December 2010 at the HSBC Arena in Rio de Janeiro and was released in 2011. The first single, "Adrenalina", a song that hit the top spot on the Billboard charts. The second single from this album, "Química Do Amor", features Bahian singer Ivete Sangalo.
Biography.
Santana was born in Campo Grande, Mato Grosso do Sul. He began singing at age three in his hometown. After realizing his talent, his father gave him a guitar to further encourage his musical skill.
Career.
In recording his second CD, Santana decided that work would live and record in the cities in Brazil where his shows were performed. Once the CD was finished, two songs "Tô de Cara"and "Meteoro" became hits as he became one of the most played artists on Brazilian radio. Over a few weeks the video of "Meteor" had 17 million hits on YouTube. In summer 2009, Santana broke attendance records for the cities where he performed. Santana was invited to participate in "Rodeo of Barretos. He performs at cowboy festivals and agricultural exhibitions throughout Brazil. In 2009 Santana performed 300 concerts in Brazil, with an average of 25 presentations per month. Santana launched his first DVD, recorded in August 2009 in Native Nations Park. 
In February 2010, Santana was hospitalized in the city of Araranguá, Santa Catarina, with sharp stomach pains and was diagnosed with gastroenteritis combined with a virus. In January 2009 Luan Santana made an appearance as himself on "Malhação", the Rede Globo Novela. He also participated in the first Teen Idol Sertanejo.
Santana's second live album entitled "Luan Santana Live in Rio", was recorded in December 2010 at the HSBC Arena in Barra da Tijuca, western Rio de Janeiro. The singer unveiled 15 new songs, including "A Bússola", "Não Era Pra Ser", "Super Herói" and "Palácios e Castelos". Singer Ivete Sangalo joined him to debut "Química do Amor". Additionally, Luan performed other songs from his first three albums. Under the guidance of illusionist Issao Imamura, the singer "flew" up to the ceiling of the arena, lifted by a steel rope. He also performed alongside Spanish singer Belinda with the song "Meu Menino, Minha Menina" and with the Brazilian duo Zezé di Camargo & Luciano. According to a spokesperson, 4 million reais were invested in the production of the DVD. Production staff consisted of 800 professionals, and about 25 trucks were used to transport equipment.
Legacy and wealth.
In February 2011, Santana acquired a mansion valued at about 10 million reais in Campo Grande, capital of Mato Grosso do Sul. The estimated wealth of Luan Santana is 40 million reais. In the past two years, the singer accrued more than 70 million reais from his concerts, record sales, advertising and licensed products.

</doc>
<doc id="31102705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102705" title="2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualification (UEFA)">
2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualification (UEFA)

The 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualifiers for (UEFA) was the first FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualification championship for Europe, held in May 2008, in Benidorm, Spain.
Hosts Spain won the championship, with Portugal finishing second and Russia winning the third place play of to finish third, beating Italy who finished fourth. The four nations moved on to play in the 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup in Marseille, France from July 17 - July 27. France qualified as the fifth European nation, being the hosts of the world cup.
Participating teams.
24 teams confirmed their participation in the competition.
Group stage.
The 24 teams were drawn into 6 groups of 4 teams.

</doc>
<doc id="31102716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102716" title="North Carolina Highway 65">
North Carolina Highway 65

North Carolina Highway 65 (NC 65) is an east-west highway in North Carolina north of Winston-Salem and Greensboro.
Route description.
N.C. 65's eastern terminus (end) is Reidsville. Heading west, the highway passes through Stokesdale, Walnut Cove, Germanton, and to its western terminus just south of Rural Hall.
Major intersections.
!County
!Location
!Mile
!Destinations
!Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31102727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102727" title="Man with the Hat">
Man with the Hat

Man with the Hat is an album by American jazz saxophonists Grace Kelly and Phil Woods. It was released on January 25, 2011.
The title of the album refers to when Woods invited Kelly, when she was 14 years old, on stage during one of his performances and presented her with his iconic leather cap as a gift after her solo on "I'll Remember April". 
Kelly, in tribute, wrote the title track, "Man with the Hat", in honor of Woods.

</doc>
<doc id="31102731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102731" title="Aarhus University, Business and Social Sciences">
Aarhus University, Business and Social Sciences

The School of Business and Social Sciences consists of the former Aarhus School of Business and the previous Faculty of Social Sciences at Aarhus University. The faculty became a reality after Aarhus University was divided into four new main academic areas which came into effect on 1 January, 2011.
With approx. 14,000 full-time students, several thousand part-time students, almost 225 PhD students and more than 500 academic staff members, School of Business and Social Sciences ranks among the largest business schools in Europe.
Departments at the Faculty of Business and Social Sciences.
and

</doc>
<doc id="31102741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102741" title="Bangladeshi presidential confidence referendum, 1977">
Bangladeshi presidential confidence referendum, 1977

A national vote of confidence in President Ziaur Rahman was held in Bangladesh on 30 May 1977. Voters were asked "Do you have confidence in President Major General Ziaur Rahman BU and the policies and programs adopted by him?" The result saw 98.9% vote yes, with a turnout of 88.1%.

</doc>
<doc id="31102744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102744" title="Joe Feddersen">
Joe Feddersen

Joe Feddersen (born 1953) is a Colville sculptor, painter, photographer and mixed-media artist. He is known for creating artworks strong in geometric patterns reflective of what is seen in the environment, landscape and his Native American heritage.
Background.
Early life and higher education.
Joe Feddersen was born in Washington state to a German American father and an Okanagan/Sinixt mother.
He was first exposed to printmaking at Wenatchee Valley College under the direction of artist Robert Graves. 
Feddersen earned his Bachelor of Fine Arts in printmaking from the University of Washington in 1983 where he studied under artists Michael Spafford and Glen Alps. In 1989 he obtained his Masters of Fine Arts from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Following his Masters he became an art instructor at The Evergreen State College.
Current life.
When not creating art or teaching, Feddersen also serves as a writer, curator, consultant and active member of the Colville Confederated Tribal Arts & Humanities Board. In 2009 he left his teaching position at Evergreen State College and returned to Omak, Washington, his hometown. While occasionally teaching at Evergreen, he has been focusing on exploring the medium glass and has become involved with Pilchuck Glass School and the Museum of Glass.
Artistic career.
Early work.
"My prints and mixed media work explore personal perceptions of my surroundings...Earlier prints become the departure for new work. They incorporate printing techniques and the addition of staples, pins, mirrors, oil pastels and acrylics o achieve a rich surface quality white retaining luminosity of previous layers. - 1987"
Feddersen's early creations involved photography and collage self-portraits in the early 1980s, reflecting on the individual and the environment surrounding self. However, his first major work was "Rainscape"; a series of lithographs that were exhibited at the Heard Museum's 3rd Biennial Native American Fine Art Invitational.
Through "Rainscape" Feddersen incorporated blended colors to form a rain-like landscape, reminiscent of the Pacific Northwest environment. This series launched Feddersen into the major contemporary art world; artists such as Jaune Quick-To-See Smith compared his use of color to Mark Rothko and "Seattle Times" art critic Deloris Tarzan Ament reflected on the woodblock works of Hiroshige when reviewing the works.
Printwork.
In the early 1990s Feddersen created a series of monoprints based on blanket designs of the Plains Indians and Pendleton Woolen Mills. Heavy in geometry and layers and blended colors, the series were described by art scholar W. Jackson Rushing III as "watery veils of color", which brought out further comparisons to Rothko. 
With the series "Plateau Geometrics" Feddersen continued to create prints during the latter half of the 1990s. All of the prints in the series are one of a kind (instead of an edition) and incorporate techniques such as etching, drypoint, aquatint, blind embossing and linocuts. The prints feature a pattern of geometric forms over a gridded layout; some are flat while others have a highly textured appearance. According to the artist the works represent his homesickness and memories of living on the reservation. At the time of creation he was living and working in Seattle, on the opposite side of the Cascade Mountains that serve to separate Colville country from Seattle. The geometric patterns represent designs seen in Colville basketry and cornhusk bags, while the complete series expresses Feddersen's desire to reflect on his communities traditional culture and his modern art background.
Sculpture and basketry.
Basketry entered into his catalog in the 2000s, learning Plateau-style techniques from poet and artist Elizabeth Woody. And recently his work has focused on glass making. Drawing influence from designs seen in Plateau Indian art, he creates artworks showing repeating patterns, leaving them with titles such as "Cul-de-Sac", "Scaffolding" and "Tire", a critique on contemporary life with a touch of tradition from Colville basketry.
Major exhibitions.
2010
2006
2005
2003
2002
2001
1991
1987
1986
1984
Feddersen's work has also shown in numerous private galleries as well as other public institutions such as the Whatcom Museum of History and Art, Simon Fraser University, Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian, Shoreline Community College, among others.
Notable collections.
His work is also seen in the collections of the cities of Portland, Seattle and Ephrata, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="31102747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102747" title="Kaleshwar">
Kaleshwar

Kaleshwar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31102770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102770" title="Romanian Digital Chart">
Romanian Digital Chart

The Romanian Digital Chart is a Romanian chart based upon the total number of digital sales a single increased in a week. The chart began being observed on January 2, 2011. The top is powered and confirmed by UPFF and the information that makes the chart is taken from MusicMall.ro. The first digital number-one single in Romania was "Mr. Saxobeat" by Alexandra Stan.

</doc>
<doc id="31102781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102781" title="Bangladeshi constitutional referendum, 1991">
Bangladeshi constitutional referendum, 1991

A constitutional referendum was held in Bangladesh on 15 September 1991. Voters were asked "Should or not the President assent to the Constitution (Twelfth Amendment) Bill, 1991 of the People's Republic of Bangladesh?" The amendments would lead to the reintroduction of parliamentary government, with the President becoming the constitutional head of state, but the Prime Minister the executive head. It also abolished the position of Vice-President and would see the President elected by Parliament.
The result saw 83.6% vote in favour, with a turnout of 35.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="31102785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102785" title="Nunivak Cup'ig language">
Nunivak Cup'ig language

Nunivak Cup'ig or just Cup'ig (own name Cugtun) is a language or separate dialect of Central Alaskan Yup'ik spoken in Central Alaska at the Nunivak Island by Nunivak Cup'ig people (own name Cup'it or Nuniwarmiut). The letter "c" on the Yup’ik alphabet is equivalent on the English alphabet "ch".
The Central Alaskan Yupik who live on Nunivak Island ("Nuniwar" in Nunivak Cup'ig, "Nunivaaq" in Central Yup'ik) call themselves "Cup'ig" (plural "Cup'it"). Those who live in the village of Chevak call themselves "Cup'ik" (plural "Cup'it"). The name Cup'ig (with g) used for Nunivak Island Yup'ik dialect. But, the name Cup'ik (with k) used for Hooper Bay-Chevak Yup'ik dialect.
The Cup'ig dialect is threatened. This fact was documented by Dr. Michael E. Krauss of the Alaska Native Language Center at the University of Alaska and is illustrated on the map. At that time (1975) Krauss indicated, "Some of the children speak the language". Krauss documented continued decline and downgraded the status to "Very few or none of the children speak the language" in 1982.
Today Cup'ig is spoken by elders in the village of Mekoryuk.
Classification.
The comparison of number names in the three dialects
Grammatical numbers.
The grammatical numbers:
Education.
The Cup'ig people's school only Lower Kuskokwim School District, Nuniwarmiut School PK-12 in the village of Mekoryuk. English and Cup’ig bilingual education with 32 students is done at this school.
Russian loanwords.
The Russian loanwords used in Nunivak Cup’ig date from the period of the Russian America (1733–1867).

</doc>
<doc id="31102792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102792" title="Edwin Leat">
Edwin Leat

Edwin John Leat (24 April 1885 – 8 June 1918) played first-class cricket for Somerset in two matches, one each in 1908 and 1910. He was born at Wellington, Somerset and died in the fighting of the First World War near Beaumont Hamel in France. 
In his two first-class matches, Leat batted in the lower order and did not bowl. He scored just 18 runs in three innings, with a highest of 11 in the match against Kent in 1908. He played with some success as a middle-order batsman for Buckinghamshire in Minor Counties cricket between 1908 and 1911. It is not known whether he batted right- or left-handed, and he bowled a little for Buckinghamshire, but the bowling style is also unknown.
Leat was a second lieutenant in the Dorsetshire Regiment when he was killed in the fighting on the Somme in 1918; he is commemorated at the Pozieres memorial. At the time of his death, his widowed mother was living in Ottery St Mary, Devon and he left a wife, Winifred Emily, who lived at an address in Slough, then in Buckinghamshire (now Berkshire).

</doc>
<doc id="31102806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102806" title="Gould School District">
Gould School District

The Gould School District was a school district that operated public schools in Gould, Arkansas. Its territory is now a part of the Dumas School District.
History.
The Gould School District stated that in September 1964 Gould became the first previously-segregated school district in the United States to completely racially integrate. The Encyclopedia of Arkansas stated that the district integrated in September 1967. In 1968, when the Gould School District started a night program at the Cummins Unit, an Arkansas Department of Correction prison.
Prior to 1991 the Gould School District, which by then had an almost completely black student body, had a transfer policy which allowed area residents to attend other schools. About 100 White children in the district boundaries used the policy to attend other schools. In 1991 the school board unanimously voted to end the program and ruled that students must attend Gould schools beginning in the fall of 1991. Many White parents protested the decision; some threatened to take legal action and some said that they would never send their children to Gould schools. Some area parents feared that the decision would lead to White families moving out of the school district and crippling the district's tax base. Alan Minor, the president of the Gould school board, said that it had no choice because the Arkansas State Board of Education withheld $200,000 ($ when adjusted for inflation) in bond revenues since the state believed that the Gould district was promoting segregation. Sharon Streett, the Arkansas Department of Education's chief legal counsel, said that the state does not want to be perceived to be promoting racial segregation. Minor said that he did not expect for very many additional White students to be enrolled in the fall of 1991, because he heard some parents state that they would move.
In 2004 the Arkansas Legislature approved a law that forced school districts with fewer than 350 students apiece to consolidate with other districts. A March 1, 2004 board meeting, board member Norvell Dixon advanced a resolution for consolidating with the Grady School District under the Provisions of Act 60. Another board member, Lee Dale, seconded the motion, which was carried. Another motion, advanced by Dale, stated that the new school board should be named the Lincoln County Special School District and that it should have five board members. Dixon seconded the notion, which carried. In May 2004 the state board of education rejected the voluntary proposal to consolidate the Grady district with the Gould district, because both school districts were majority African American and the merger would have violated federal desegregation laws.
Ronald S. Laurent, the superintendent of the Gould school district, said that merging with the Dumas School District was the board's second choice, because most Gould residents traveled to Dumas on a daily basis and had a familiarity with the Dumas community. Laurent argued that merging with Dumas was preferable to merging with the Star City School District, because Gould was from Dumas, while the distance between Gould and Star City is at or over . Laurent argued that the closer proximity would make it easier for Gould parents to be involved in their children's education. JoNell Caldwell, the chairperson of the state board of education, was in favor of the merger because she did not support an alternative arrangement of the Gould students traveling by school bus to their school. Thomas Cox, the superintendent of the Dumas district, opposed the merger; in May 2004 he told the Arkansas Board of Education that it would increase the racial imbalance in the school district as African-American percentage of the Dumas district would increase from 64% to 68%. The former superintendent of the Gould district became an assistant superintendent of the Dumas district. Luke Gordy, a state board of education member from Van Buren, also opposed the merger out of concerns with the racial makeup. Rhonda Mullikin, the superintendent of the Star City School District, opposed merging the Gould district with the Star City School District because Star City was already taking in students of the Grady school district and Mullikin said that she feared that the Star City school district could not handle the influx of students from another school district.
One week after the state voted down the proposed Gould-Grady merger, the state board of education narrowly voted in favor of consolidating the Gould district with the Dumas district. Caldwell broke the tie, voting in favor of the merger. On July 1, 2004, the Gould district was merged into the Dumas district. At the time of the merger, according to a June 30, 2004 audit report, the Gould district had a $322,873 deficit ($ when considering inflation). The Dumas district inherited the Gould district's deficit.
Demographics.
At the time of the district's closure, in the 2003-2004 school year, the Gould district was 99% African-American. In 1991 the district, almost entirely African-American, had about 350 black students.
Schools.
In 2003 the district had Gould Elementary School (K-4), Gould Middle School (5-8), and Gould High School (9-12). The three divisions were on two campuses.
Wash Coleman and Albert Rash opened the first school for black students in a former saw mill cabin. The first school for whites opened in 1918 at a site now occupied by the First Baptist Church. In 1923 the district built a three story brick building that was later occupied by Gould Elementary. In the 1956-1957 school year the building burned. In 1964 another elementary school building opened next to the Gould High School.
Uniforms.
From the 2002-2003 school year to its final school year of existence, the school district required its students to wear school uniforms in all grades. The school district began enforcing the rule in August 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31102816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102816" title="St Andrew's Church, Walpole">
St Andrew's Church, Walpole

St Andrew's Church, Walpole, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Walpole, Norfolk, England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is sited in the north part of the village, known as Walpole St Andrew, west of King's Lynn, to the south of the A17 road.
History.
The church dates from the 15th century, with some re-used material from an earlier church. Roman remains have been found in the vicinity of the church.
Bequests were made for the nave in 1443, for the porch in 1463, and a donation was made in 1504 for lead. The church was restored in 1811 and again in 1897. The tower was restored in 1902.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St Andrew's is constructed in brick with ashlar dressings. The brick in the tower is exposed, while that elsewhere has been rendered. The church is roofed in lead. Its plan consists of a four-bay nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, a south porch, a three-bay chancel, and a west tower. The tower is in three stages with angle buttresses. In the bottom stage on the west side is an arched door. To the left of this is a niche for a statue, and to the right is a chamber under a lean-to roof, which was probably an anchorite cell. Above the door is a Perpendicular window. In the middle stage on the south side is a lancet window. The bell openings have two lights, and the parapet is crenellated with corner pinnacles. To the southeast of the tower is a stair tower that terminates in a polygonal turret. Both aisles have a two-light west window, three two-light windows along the side walls, and a three-light east window. There is a low door in the north side of the church. The south porch is gabled, and has an embattled parapet with corner pinnacles having crockets and finials. It has a slate roof. The clerestory has eight two-light Perpendicular windows along each side. At the east end of the nave are two octagonal rood turrets, each terminating in a spirelet. There are three three-light windows along both sides of the chancel. The east window, dating from 1897 but in Perpendicular style, also has three lights. The chancel has a crenellated parapet.
Interior.
Inside the church are four-bay arcades. To the sides of the chancel arch are rood stairs, and above the arch is a two-light window. There is a piscina in the chancel and another in the south aisle. There is a double aumbry in both the north and the south walls. At the west end of the church is a 17th-century gallery with a balustrade. The octagonal font dates from the 15th century; its bowl is carved with quatrefoils and shields. The pulpit dates from the 17th century. It is carved with arcading and circles, and stands on a 15th-century sandstone plinth. Above the tower arch are the Royal arms of George III. The stone of the arcades, the chancel step and the pulpit base is badly eroded. The single-manual organ was made in 1873 by Forster and Andrews. There is a ring of six bells. The oldest was cast in 1603 by Richard Holdfield, the next in 1622 by Tobias Norris I, two were cast in 1768 by Joseph Eayre, the next in 1792 by Thomas Osborn, and the last in 1905 by John Taylor and Company.
External features.
Set into the wall at the north entrance to the churchyard are two relocated corbels. They date from the 15th century, are in limestone, and each depicts a crouching grotesque. Both items are listed at Grade II.

</doc>
<doc id="31102820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102820" title="UFM Easy Riser">
UFM Easy Riser

The UFM Easy Riser is an American swept wing biplane hang glider that was first powered in 1975, becoming the first modern ultralight aircraft. The Easy Riser was still in production as an unpowered glider in 2002 by Ultralight Flying Machines.
Design and development.
The Easy Riser was developed by Larry Mauro from the earlier Kiceniuk Icarus II biplane hang glider. An engine was installed by John Moody in 1975 so the glider could be launched from flat terrain.
Early powered versions consisted simply of a motor added to the foot-launched hang glider version with control by a combination of weight shift for pitch and tip rudders for roll and yaw, with the tip rudders used together as air brakes. Because many pilots could not run fast enough to achieve take-off wheeled tricycle gear was added. The aircraft exhibited poor pitch stability so a horizontal stabilizer and elevator was added. Finally on later versions the tip rudders were replaced with a tail-mounted rudder.
The Easy Riser is constructed with an aluminium structure and stamped ribs, covered in doped aircraft fabric covering, Mylar or other coverings. The pilot sits on a fabric sling seat. Engines used include the McCulloch MAC-101, Hirth F-36 and Solo 210.
Easy Risers were produced in large numbers until the ultralight market downturn of the early 1980s when the type was taken out of production. Later the unpowered glider version was put back into limited production.
In 1979 Larry Mauro installed solar cells and an electric motor on a stock Easy Riser and the resulting Mauro Solar Riser become the first solar powered aircraft to carry a person aloft.

</doc>
<doc id="31102821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102821" title="Bengt Frithiofsson">
Bengt Frithiofsson

Bengt Frithiofsson (born August 25, 1939 in Landskrona) is a Swedish wine writer. He initially worked for various Swedish newspaper, after later became a wine and food writer for "Svenska Dagbladet" for 20 years. In the 1990s he moved to TV4 and the morning show "Nyhetsmorgon".
Frithiofsson has also written a number of food and wine books. His first restaurant guide was published in 1977 and his first wine guide in 1983.
In 2009, he appeared in the first season of "Kändisdjungeln" ("The Celebrity Jungle"), the Swedish version of "I'm a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here!".

</doc>
<doc id="31102833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102833" title="Aarhus Faculty of Health Sciences (Aarhus University)">
Aarhus Faculty of Health Sciences (Aarhus University)

The Aarhus Faculty of Health Sciences is a faculty of Aarhus University. The Aarhus Faculty of Health Sciences became a reality after Aarhus University was divided into four new main academic areas which came into effect on 1 January, 2011. The Aarhus Faculty of Health Sciences consists of a converted version of the former Faculty of Health Sciences. The head of this new main area is dean Allan Flyvbjerg.

</doc>
<doc id="31102847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102847" title="U12 intron database">
U12 intron database

U12 Intron Database (U12DB) is a biological database of containing the sequence of eukaryotic introns that are spliced out by a specialised minor spliceosome that contains U12 minor spliceosomal RNA in place of U2 spliceosomal RNA. These U12-dependent introns are under-represented in genome annotations because they often have non canonical splice sites. Release 1 of the database contains 6,397 known and predicted U12-dependent introns across 20 species.

</doc>
<doc id="31102855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102855" title="Neighborhoods of Accra">
Neighborhoods of Accra

The city of Accra is officially divided into four geographical regions - North, West, East, Central - and eleven sub-metropolitan areas: Osu Klottey, Ablekuma North, Ablekuma South, Ayawaso Central, Ayawaso East, Ayawaso West, La, Okaikoi North, Okaikoi South, Abossey Okai, and Ashiedu Keteke. The word "neighborhood" can take on various official and unofficial meanings. There are, however, 50 official neighborhoods (i.e. planned and unplanned anchor neighborhoods) within the city limits of Accra.
"Neighborhoods" exist on both large and small scales. Osu, Jamestown and Usshertown, established during the colonial era have well-defined boundaries by virtue of their siting around the respective forts of Christiansborg, James Fort, and Ussher Fort. The unplanned nature of the city has resulted in the development of slums and much smaller communities within officially recognized neighborhoods with a well-defined center but poorly identified extremities.
Overview.
Accra's expansion has influenced the naming of certain neighborhoods, such as the Airport Residential Area, North Ridge, East Ridge, West Ridge, West Legon/Westlands, East Legon, and Korle Gonno.
Accra Central.
Downtown Accra is the site of the Ministries, and the districts of Victoriaborg, West Ridge, and East Ridge.
Surrounding downtown are the neighborhoods of the Adabraka, Asylum Down, Jamestown, North Ridge, Tudu and Christiansborg/Osu. Osu is arguably the liveliest part of Accra and the most preferred hang-out spot for tourists visiting the city.
Accra North.
North of downtown, the neighborhood of Airport Residential Area, so named because of its location near the Kotoka International Airport, is one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in Accra. East Legon and West Legon/Westlands are also wealthy neighborhoods inhabited by wealthy Ghanaians, academics, government officials, and ex-patriates. Other neighborhoods located in the expansive northern section of Accra are Roman Ridge, Kanda, Dzorwulu, East Legon, Kaneshie, North Kaneshie, Accra New Town, Nima, Kokomlemle, Tesano, Maamobi, Alajo, Christian Village, Apenkwa, Darkuman, Awoshie, Avenor, Kwashieman, Achimota, Bubiashie, Kotobabi, Abelemkpe, Bawaleshie, and Abeka.
Accra West.
West of downtown are the neighborhoods of Korle Gonno, Lartebiokorshie, Abossey Okai, Mataheko, Mpoase, Chorkor, Dansoman, Mamprobi, and Odorkor. Dansoman is Accra's largest neighborhood and predominantly a working class community considered to be Accra's most diverse. Korle Gonno borders the Korle-bu hospital, which doubles as the teaching hospital of the University of Ghana.
Accra East.
East of downtown are the neighborhoods of Cantonments (the site of the U.S. Embassy in Ghana), Labadi, La, Burma Camp, and Airport Hills.
Neighborhood Areas.
Following the years of Accra's prosperity after World War II, and Kwame Nkrumah's emphasis on the development of Accra and its immediate environs after independence, Accra was the favored destination for job-seeking migrants. This phenomenon brought about the development of unplanned communities on the periphery of the limits of Accra at the time. Over the years, these suburban areas were absorbed into the urban area of Accra and created a dichotomy between planned and unplanned settlements within the city.
Planned Neighborhoods.
Currently, most of Accra's 22 planned neighborhoods were developed in the colonial era and are inhabited by rich Ghanaians and ex-patatriates.
Unplanned Neighborhoods.
Given the disproportionate rate of expansion of the city and the provision of basic infrastructure and services, unplanned neighborhoods are characterized by poor road networks, poor drainage systems, and insufficient water and electricity services. Although not mutually exclusive, these unplanned settlements can be further distinguished from slums, where a slum is defined as a run-down area of a city characterized by substandard housing and squalor and lacking in tenure security For purposes of this article, a slum will further be categorized as an area of severely low income where working migrants living in makeshift accommodations are the majority. 
List of communities within neighborhoods.
Within some of the neighborhoods in Accra are smaller communities listed below. Taking into account the slums, communities, planned and unplanned neighborhoods, unofficially there are approximately 120 neighborhoods within the city limits of Accra.

</doc>
<doc id="31102860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102860" title="Regulation of greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act">
Regulation of greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act

The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) began regulating greenhouse gases (GHGs) under the Clean Air Act (“CAA” or “Act”) from mobile and stationary sources of air pollution for the first time on January 2, 2011. Standards for mobile sources have been established pursuant to Section 202 of the CAA, and GHGs from stationary sources are currently controlled under the authority of Part C of Title I of the Act. The basis for regulations were upheld in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in June 2012.
Historical Context.
Section 202(a)(1) of the CAA requires the Administrator of the EPA to establish standards, “applicable to the emission of any "air pollutant" from…new motor vehicles or new motor vehicle engines, which in judgment "cause, or contribute" to, air pollution which may reasonably be anticipated to "endanger" public health or welfare” (emphasis added). On October 20, 1999 the International Center for Technology Assessment (ICTA) and several other parties (Petitioners) petitioned the EPA to regulate greenhouse gases from new motor vehicles under this section of the Act and thereby reduce the effects of global warming. The Petitioners argued that carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), and hydrofluorocarbons meet the definition of an "air pollutant" under section 302(g) of the Act, and that statements made by the EPA, other federal agencies, and the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) amounted to a finding that these pollutants are reasonably anticipated to endanger public health and welfare. Based on these factors, the Petitioners asserted that EPA had a mandatory duty to regulate greenhouse gases under section 202 of the Act and they asked the Agency to carry out that duty. On September 8, 2003, EPA denied the ICTA petition, stating that it did not have authority under the CAA to promulgate regulations to address global climate change and that CO2 and other GHGs therefore could not be considered ‘‘air pollutants’’ under the provisions of the CAA, including section 202. The Agency further stated that even if it had the authority to regulate GHGs from motor vehicles it would decline to do so as a matter of policy. The Agency maintained that regulating motor vehicle GHG emissions would neither be effective at addressing the global problem nor consistent with President Bush’s policies for addressing climate change, which centered on non-regulatory efforts such as voluntary reductions in GHGs, public-private partnerships aimed at reducing the economy’s reliance on fossil fuels, and research to address scientific uncertainties regarding climate change. The Agency’s action on the ICTA petition set the stage for a prolonged legal battle, which was eventually argued before the Supreme Court on November 29, 2006. In a 5-4 decision in "Massachusetts v. Environmental Protection Agency", the Supreme Court held that “greenhouse gases fit well within the Act’s capacious definition of ‘air pollutant’ ” and that EPA therefore has statutory authority to regulate GHG emissions from new motor vehicles. The Court further ruled that “policy judgments have nothing to do with whether greenhouse gas emissions contribute to climate change and do not amount to a reasoned justification for declining to form a scientific judgment.” In EPA’s view, this required the Agency to make a positive or negative endangerment finding under Section 202(a) of the CAA.
Contributors to, and the Consequences of, Climate Change.
Physical and Social Contributors to the Problem of Climate Change.
While there is a general consensus among the scientific community that anthropogenic GHG emissions are forcing changes in the global climate system, there is much less agreement about what should be done to address the problem because both the causes and potential solutions involve significant economic, political, and as Ingrid Kelley points out, social and cultural issues. Addressing climate change has been, and will continue to be particularly difficult for the United States because the U.S. was born during the Industrial Revolution and its growth has been powered by fossil fuels. Coal, for example, was first commercially mined in the United States in 1748, and within a few years after the ratification of the U.S. Constitution, Pittsburgh became the first industrial center in the country to use coal-fired steam power in its manufacturing operations. Electric generating plants first used pulverized coal in 1918, and that same basic method of generation is still in use today. In 2009, coal was used to produce 45% of electricity in the U.S. and that proportion is projected to remain more or less constant through 2035. Largely because of the Country’s reliance on coal, electricity generation accounted for 34% of U.S. GHG emissions in 2007, followed by transportation sources (28%) and other industrial sources (19%). In 2005, the United States emitted 18% of the world’s total GHG emissions, making it the second largest emitter after China. While the technology that powers our “fossil fuel culture” is part of the climate change problem, and more sustainable technologies will undoubtedly be part of the solution, another important factor in our efforts to stop climate change is the “blindness” that our economic system exhibits toward environmental degradation.
According to Al Gore, “ree market capitalist economics is arguably the most powerful tool used by civilization” but it is also, “the single most powerful force behind what seem to be irrational decisions about the global environment.” The force to which Gore refers draws strength from the fact that environmental amenities such as clean air and other "public goods" do not have a price tag and are feely shared by everyone. The lack of price mechanisms to signal the scarcity of such goods means there are no economic incentives to conserve them. In what is known as the "tragedy of the commons", rational individuals are motivated to over-utilize these resources for short-term economic gain despite the potential for collective action to deplete the resource or result in other adverse consequences in the long run. What this means for GHGs is that their effects on climate stability are often disregarded in economic analyses as "externalities". As a frequently used measure of a country’s well being, the GDP, for example, places value on the goods and services produced within a country but fails to account for the GHG emissions and other environmental effects created in the process. Nations are thus incentivized to utilize their resources and promote consumption at ever increasing rates despite the consequences of those actions on atmospheric concentrations of GHGs and climate stability. In this respect, the ongoing UN climate change negotiations are fundamentally about the economic future of the nations involved.
EPA’s Finding that Greenhouse Gases Endanger Public Health and Welfare.
On December 15, 2009, EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson made two important findings under section 202(a) of the CAA:
In the Agency’s view, the body of work produced by the IPCC, the U.S. Global Change Research Program, and the National Research Council of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences represents the most comprehensive, advanced, and thoroughly reviewed documents on the science of climate change. Accordingly, the Administrator relied primarily upon assessment reports and other scientific documents produced by these entities in reaching her conclusions.
The IPCC defines “climate change” as “a change in the state of the climate that can be identified (e.g. using statistical tests) by changes in the mean and/or the variability of its properties, and that persists for an extended period, typically decades or longer. It refers to any change in climate over time, whether due to natural variability or as a result of human activity.” In its latest assessment on climate change, the IPCC found that “warming of the climate system is unequivocal” and that the anthropogenic component of this warming over the last thirty years has likely had a discernible influence on observed changes in many physical and biological systems. The properties of greenhouse gases are such that they retain heat in the atmosphere, which would otherwise escape to space. GHGs accumulate in the atmosphere when they are emitted faster than they can be naturally removed, and that accumulation prompts changes in the climate system. Once emitted into the atmosphere, GHGs influence the Earth’s energy balance for a period of decades to centuries. Consistent with their long-lasting impacts, the IPCC found that even if the concentrations of all GHGs had been kept constant at year 2000 levels, a further warming of approximately 0.1oC per decade would be expected. The fact that GHGs are long-lived in the atmosphere also means that they become well mixed across the globe – hence the global nature of the problem.
After considering the scientific evidence before her, Administrator Jackson found that greenhouse gases could be reasonably anticipated to endanger the health of the U.S. population in several ways. They are:
Administrator Jackson also found that GHGs could be reasonably anticipated to endanger public welfare in the following ways:
Regulatory Approaches Under the Clean Air Act for Reducing Greenhouse Gas Emissions.
The Regulation of Greenhouse Gases from Mobile Sources.
The Light-Duty Vehicle Greenhouse Gas Emission Standards and Corporate Average Fuel Economy Standards Rule.
EPA’s endangerment finding in 2009 did not impose any limitations on GHGs by itself, but was instead a prerequisite for establishing regulations for GHGs from mobile sources under CAA section 202(a). Actual emissions requirements came later on May 7, 2010 when the EPA and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration finalized the "Light-Duty Vehicle Greenhouse Gas Emission Standards and Corporate Average Fuel Economy Standards Rule" (LDV Rule). The LDV Rule applies to light-duty vehicles, light-duty trucks, and medium-duty passenger vehicles (e.g., cars, sport utility vehicles, minivans, and pickup trucks used for personal transportation) for model years 2012 through 2016. The EPA estimated that this rule will prevent 960 million metric tons of CO2-equivalent emissions from being emitted to the atmosphere, and that it will save 1.8 billion barrels of oil over the lifetime of the vehicles subject to the rule.
The LDV Rule accomplishes its objectives primarily through a traditional command-and-control approach. The most substantial requirements come in the form of two separate CO2 standards (one for cars and the other for trucks, expressed on a gram per mile basis) that apply to a manufacturer’s fleet of vehicles. To determine compliance with the requirements of the rule, manufacturers must calculate a production-weighted fleet average emissions rate at the end of a model year and compare it to a fleet average emission standard. The emission standard for a manufacturer in a given model year is calculated based on the footprints of the vehicles in its fleet and the number of vehicles produced by the manufacturer at each footprint. The standards are designed so that they gradually become more stringent each year from 2012 to 2016. The LDV Rule also includes standards of 0.010 gram/mile and 0.030 gram/mile for N2O and CH4, respectively. These standards were primarily put in place as an anti-backsliding measure as N2O and CH4 are already emitted from motor vehicles in relatively low amounts.
Although prescriptive regulation is among the most common policy approaches for environmental regulation, it is not without its drawbacks. Prescriptive regulations are often criticized, for example, as being overly rigid and uneconomical because they do not necessarily encourage regulated entities to reduce emissions beyond the minimum standards and they may not achieve the intended benefits at the lowest possible cost. The LDV Rule addresses these criticisms in a number of ways. First, as noted above, the emissions standards gradually become more stringent over time. This not only prevents stagnation that might occur with a single standard, it gives manufacturers sufficient lead time to adapt to the most stringent requirements. In addition, the LDV Rule includes a number of regulatory flexibilities, the most significant of which is a program that allows for banking and trading of credits. In general terms, the LDV Rule allows manufacturers to bank emissions credits in instances where their fleet average CO2 emissions are less than the applicable standard. Manufacturers can then use the credits themselves where certain vehicle models fall short of the standard, or they can sell the credits to another manufacturer. According to EPA, these banking and trading provisions promote the environmental objectives of the rule by addressing issues associated with technological feasibility, lead time, and cost of compliance with the standards.
State Regulation of Greenhouse Gases from Motor Vehicles.
With one exception, the responsibility for regulating emissions from new motor vehicles under the CAA rests with the EPA. Section 209(a) of the Act states in part: “No state or any political subdivision thereof shall adopt or attempt to enforce any standard relating to the control of emissions from new motor vehicles or new motor vehicle engines subject to this part.” Section 209(b) of the Act provides for the exception; it grants the EPA the authority to waive this prohibition for any state that had adopted emissions standards for new motor vehicles or engines prior to March 30, 1966. California is the only state that meets this eligibility requirement and is thus the only state in the nation, which can seek to obtain a waiver from the EPA. In order to obtain a waiver and establish its own emissions requirements, the State must demonstrate, among other things, that its standards will be at least as protective as public health as any applicable federal standards. Once California obtains a waiver for a particular standard, other states may generally adopt that standard as their own.
On September 24, 2004, the California Air Resources Board (CARB) adopted emissions standards for GHGs from new passenger cars, light-duty trucks and medium-duty vehicles. Not unlike the LDV Rule, California’s regulations establish standards for CO2 equivalent emissions from two classes of vehicles on a gram per mile basis. Also like those in the LDV Rule, California’s standards become more stringent over time. CARB initially requested a waiver from EPA for these standards on December 21, 2005. EPA denied that request on March 6, 2008, stating that the State did not need the standards to address compelling and extraordinary conditions (as is required by CAA section 209(b)(1)(B)) because the effects of climate change in California were not extraordinary compared to the effects in the rest of the country. Upon reconsideration, EPA later withdrew its previous denial and approved California’s waiver request on July 8, 2009. Fifteen states have adopted California’s standards. Further, California and EPA have worked together so that the two programs converge and allow automakers to produce a single national fleet, which complies with both programs.
The Regulation of Greenhouse Gases from Stationary Sources.
“New Source Review” (NSR) is a permitting program established by the CAA, which requires the owners or operators of “major” stationary sources of air pollution to obtain permits prior to the construction or modification of those sources. The major source NSR program has two parts:
PSD permits are issued by EPA or a state or local government agency, depending on who has jurisdiction over the area in which the facility is located. In order to obtain a PSD permit, applicants must demonstrate that the proposed new major source, or major modification to an existing source, meets several regulatory requirements. Among those requirements are the use of the Best Available Control Technology (BACT) to limit air pollutant emissions, and a demonstration through air quality modeling that the source or modification will not cause or contribute to a violation of the NAAQS.
Under federal regulations, the PSD program applies only to sources that emit one or more “regulated NSR pollutants.” In 2008, EPA Administrator Stephen Johnson issued a memorandum to document the Agency’s interpretation of this regulatory text. In particular, Administrator Johnson stated that a pollutant becomes a “regulated NSR pollutant” when a provision of the Act, or regulations established under the Act, require actual control of that pollutant but not when the Act or such regulations simply require monitoring or reporting of emissions of that pollutant. Upon request to reconsider this interpretation, EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson confirmed that that Agency would continue to apply the interpretation expressed in the 2008 memorandum but she further clarified that the time at which a pollutant becomes a “regulated NSR pollutant” is when the requirements that control emissions of the pollutant take effect, rather than upon the promulgation of those requirements. Because the LDV Rule requires vehicle manufacturers to meet applicable GHG standards for model year 2012 vehicles, and January 2, 2011 is the first day upon which model year 2012 vehicles can be introduced into commerce, the six GHGs regulated by that rule became regulated NSR pollutants as of January 2, 2011 for purposes of the PSD program.
Among the components of the PSD program, the one that primarily applies to GHGs is the requirement that source owners or operators utilize BACT to limit GHG emissions from the source. Permitting authorities generally establish BACT through a five-step analytical process, the end result of which is the selection of one or more methods to reduce emissions of the pollutant in question, and the setting of one or more emission limits and operational restrictions for the emissions units undergoing review. Because the PSD program and its requirement to utilize BACT apply to any new source or modification at an existing source that meets established applicability criteria, the PSD program represents a traditional command-and-control approach to the regulation of GHGs. However, BACT is established by a permitting authority on a case-by-case basis considering site- and source-specific factors. During the course of a BACT analysis, a permitting authority may, for example, temper the stringency of the final emission limit if there are compelling adverse economic, energy, or environmental considerations.
The PSD program is complex, and obtaining a permit can be costly for both the applicant and the permitting authority. It has been estimated, for example, that permit applicants expend 866 hours of labor and $125,120 on the average PSD permit. The administrative cost to the permitting authority for the same permit is 301 hours of labor and $23,280. Traditionally, this permitting process has been focused on controlling emissions from large industrial sources of air pollution such as fossil fuel-fired power plants, petroleum refineries, and a wide range of manufacturing plants that emit more than 250 tons per year of the regulated pollutants (in some cases the applicability threshold is 100 tons per year). Prior to the regulation of GHGs under the CAA, approximately 280 such permits were issued each year. However, GHGs are generally emitted from sources in amounts far greater than other pollutants regulated under the PSD program. So much so, that sources like office buildings and large shopping malls could easily cross the 250 ton per year threshold and become subject to PSD permitting requirements. In fact, without any action to change how the PSD program is applied, the EPA estimated that as many as 41,000 sources may require permits "every year" with the addition of GHGs as a regulated pollutant. To prevent the unbearable administrative burdens on permitting authorities associated with such “absurd results,” the EPA took action on June 3, 2010 to modify the applicability criteria in the PSD regulations. This action is known as the Prevention of Significant Deterioration and Title V Greenhouse Gas Tailoring Rule (Tailoring Rule). Through the Tailoring Rule, EPA raised the major source regulatory threshold for GHGs from the 100/250 ton per year levels to 100,000 tons per year of CO2 equivalent emissions.
The Suitability of the Clean Air Act for Regulating Greenhouse Gases.
Because the LDV Rule and the application of the PSD program to GHGs took effect only recently, it is too soon to assess by how much they have reduced actual GHG emissions and at what cost. However, given the tremendous implications that regulation of GHGs has for almost every aspect of our society, it should not be surprising that much has already been written about the adequacy of the CAA for regulating global pollutants. It should also be no surprise that opinions on this question are widely varied. Former Virginia Republican Governor and Senator George Allen and Lewis, for example, contend the CAA is wholly unsuitable for regulating GHGs because it was not designed to do so and the costs of such regulation potentially far exceed the costs associated with climate change legislation recently considered in Congress. As support for their argument that the CAA is a poor fit for GHGs, they point to the “absurd results” that EPA itself acknowledged and sought to avoid through passage of the Tailoring Rule:
Economists Dallas Burtraw and Arthur G. Fraas with the nonprofit and nonpartisan research organization Resources for the Future offer a different perspective on the subject of GHG regulation under the CAA. Although they agree that new legislation specifically designed to address climate change is the best long-term option, they characterize the CAA as a, “potentially potent alternative” in the absence of such legislation for the short-term. They note, for example, that EPA has already identified improvements in energy efficiency as the most attractive short-term option for mitigating GHGs at existing facilities in many industrial sectors. They go on to state that such improvements would most likely be among the first moves made by regulated entities under a legislative approach so it is unlikely that requiring these moves through regulation would result in comparatively higher costs. Based on their research, they conclude that domestic GHG reductions of up to 10% relative to 2005 levels could be achieved at moderate costs, which is comparable to reductions that would have been achieved under the Waxman-Markey climate change bill that was passed by the House of Representatives in 2009. In their view, the success of regulating GHGs under the CAA as it exists today rests with the EPA:
The Influence of Stakeholders in Shaping How Greenhouse Gases Are Regulated Under the Clean Air Act.
Because EPA’s authority to regulate GHG emissions has such significant implications for the economy, the environment, and our society at large, it is a topic of interest to a broad range of organizations including Congress, the courts, the states, environmental organizations, and the regulated industry. All of these entities have had a direct hand in shaping the laws, regulations, and policies concerning GHGs into what they are today and will likely continue to do so in the future. As discussed above, California has played a large role in shaping the motor vehicle regulations. EPA’s authority to regulate GHGs under the CAA is also a topic of continuing political debate in both chambers of Congress. On January 21, 2010, Senator Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) introduced a disapproval resolution under the Congressional Review Act, which would have nullified EPA’s endangerment finding. The resolution was defeated by a vote of 53-47, with six democrats voting in favor of it. Later that year on March 4, Senator Jay Rockefeller (D-WV) introduced a bill that would suspend for two years any EPA action to regulate CO2 or CH4 under the CAA except for the vehicle standards under section 202. He re-introduced similar legislation on January 31, 2011, the same day Senator John Barrasso (R-WY) introduced broad legislation to preempt regulation of GHGs under federal law. On February 2, 2011, Representative Fred Upton (R-MI), Representative Ed Whitfield (R-KY), and Senator James Inhofe (R-OK) released a draft bill, which would amend the CAA to, “prohibit the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from promulgating any regulation concerning, taking action relating to, or taking into consideration the emission of a greenhouse gas due to concerns regarding possible climate change, and for other purposes.”
That the major opposition to regulation of GHGs under the CAA is headed largely by a contingent of elected officials from major coal, oil, and gas states exemplifies the political warfare that can erupt when leaders attempt to appeal to their core constituencies even though doing so may impede action on pressing national problems. It also underscores Al Gore’s view that the political system will be the “decisive factor” in our efforts to address global climate change: “the real work must be done by individuals, and politicians need to assist citizens in their efforts to make new and necessary choices.” Whether Congress will act any time soon to pass cap-and-trade legislation or revoke EPA’s authority to regulate GHGs is questionable. However, even inaction by Congress in this area leaves EPA’s future options open.
In his book "Earth in the Balance", Al Gore observes that, “the American people often give their leaders permission to take action an issue by signaling agreement in principle while reserving the right to object strenuously to each and every specific sacrifice necessary to follow through.” As a recent illustration of Gore’s point, consider the results of a public opinion poll conducted in June 2010. One thousand people were asked the question: “How important is the issue of global warming to you personally?” Seventy six percent of respondents said they considered global warming to be extremely important, very important, or somewhat important. Sixty eight percent of people in the same survey also said that the United States should take action on global warming even if other major industrial countries such as China and India do not agree to do equally effective things. However, when asked, “tell me whether you favor or oppose the federal government…[increasing taxes on gasoline so people either drive less, or buy cars that use less gas,” seventy one percent of the survey respondents said they opposed increased gasoline taxes, despite the fact that such a tax would be “one of the logical first steps” we would likely take in an effort to reduce oil consumption and address climate change. Thus, there is an apparent discrepancy between the public’s feelings about the threat of climate change and its willingness to make personal sacrifices to address it. The reluctance of both the American public and Congress to make sometimes difficult choices to address climate change has left opportunities wide open for other stakeholders to influence climate change policy; among the most influential thus far are non-governmental organizations (NGOs).
In his article, “Learning to Live with NGOs,” P.J. Simmons wrote that NGOs can, “make the impossible possible by doing what governments cannot or will not.” History shows that this is particularly true where climate change regulation is concerned. While NGOs cannot themselves pass climate change regulations, they have played a clear role in forcing EPA’s hand through action in the courts. EPA’s endangerment finding, the LDV Rule, and the consequent regulation of GHGs from stationary sources under the PSD program are a direct result of the Supreme Court’s decision in "Massachusetts v. EPA". As discussed supra, that case is founded on the petition submitted to EPA in 1999 by the International Center for Technology Assessment and nineteen other NGOs. With passage of the LDV Rule, EPA did what ICTA and its fellow petitioners demanded more than ten years earlier. And a number of NGOs have continued to apply pressure to EPA. On December 23, 2010, EPA announced that it would establish GHG standards for new and modified electric generating units (EGUs) and petroleum refineries under section 111(b) of the CAA, and that it would set GHG emissions guidelines for existing sources in those same categories under CAA section 111(d); these emissions standards and guidelines will be established according to a schedule set forth in settlement agreements into which EPA entered to settle legal challenges brought forth by several NGOs and states after EPA failed to establish GHG standards when it revised its rules for EGUs and refineries in 2006 and 2008. Under the terms of the agreement, EPA will issue final standards for EGUs and refineries in May 2012 and November 2012, respectively.
EPA’s actions to address climate change are also being challenged by those most directly affected – the regulated community. Over eighty claims have been filed by thirty-five different petitioners against EPA related to the endangerment finding, the LDV Rule, the Tailoring Rule, and another rule related to the PSD program. A large number of the parties in these cases are businesses and industry associations (acting in the interests of businesses) such as Peabody Energy Company, Gerdau Ameristeel U.S. Inc., Coalition for Responsible Regulation, National Association of Manufacturers, Portland Cement Association, National Mining Association, American Farm Bureau Association, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. These claims have been consolidated into "Coalition for Responsible Regulation v. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency" ("CRR v. EPA") under three main docket numbers, 09-1322, 10-1092, and 10-1073. The arguments put forth by the plaintiffs are numerous and varied, depending on the particular case but most are fundamentally about the economic impacts of regulation. A summary of the arguments has been compiled by Gregory Wannier of The Center for Climate Change Law at the Columbia Law School. On June 26, 2012, the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued an opinion in "CRR v. EPA" which dismissed the challenges in these cases to the EPA's endangerment finding and the related GHG regulations. The three-judge panel unanimously upheld the EPA's central finding that GHG such as carbon dioxide endanger public health and were likely responsible for the global warming experienced over the past half century.

</doc>
<doc id="31102868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102868" title="Patience Lake">
Patience Lake

Patience Lake is a lake in central Saskatchewan, Canada east of Saskatoon. The lake is located in the rural municipality of Blucher No. 343. The lake serves as a groundwater discharge region for higher elevations to the east and west.
At the south end of the lake, the Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan operates a solution mine that produces 331,000 tonne of potash annually and have an approximately 50 ha region of the lake sectioned-off with an earth dyke that is used to store brine tailings and saturated KCl solution. The potash mine was originally established as an underground mine, but due to flooding in 1988 it was converted to a solution mine.

</doc>
<doc id="31102878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102878" title="List of mayors of Missoula, Montana">
List of mayors of Missoula, Montana

The List of mayors of Missoula, Montana begins with the establishment of the town of Missoula in 1883 (incorporated as a city two years later) with Judge Frank H. Woody serving as mayor. In 1883 Missoula used an aldermanic form of government that was approved with the town charter. The city adopted a commission-council form of government in 1911 with the opening of new City Hall and a council–manager government in 1954 before returning to an aldermanic form of government in 1959. Since January 1, 1997, Missoula has been governed in accordance with the Missoula City Charter, which calls for a mayor-council system of government.
The current system comprises a mayor and city treasurer elected in a city-wide vote and twelve city council members who must reside in and are elected from one of six wards with each ward having two council members. All positions are nominally nonpartisan. Council members and the mayor are elected to four-year terms with council-member elections being staggered to allow only one member from each ward to up for re-election. There are no term limits for either position.

</doc>
<doc id="31102897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102897" title="Marijan Šunjić">
Marijan Šunjić

Marijan Šunjić may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31102901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102901" title="Mood Changes (album)">
Mood Changes (album)

Mood Changes is a jazz album by the American saxophonist and vocalist Grace Kelly (musician). 
It was released May 5, 2009. The tracks "101" and "I Want To Be Happy" were winners of 2008 ASCAP Young Jazz Composers Award.
Track listing.
1. "Happy Theme Song"- (5:32)
2. "Comes Love"- (5:54)
3. "Tender Madness"- (4:26)
4. "101"- (6:12)
5. "But Life Goes On"- (4:00)
6. "Ain’t No Sunshine"- (6:13)
7. "Here, There and Everywhere"- (6:13)
8. "I’ll Remember April"- (3:17)
9. "It Might As Well Be Spring"- (5:38)
10. "I Want To Be Happy- (4:26)
Personnel.
Grace Kelly (musician)- Alto/Soprano/Tenor Saxophones and vocals
Jason Palmer- Trumpet
Doug Johnson- Piano
John Lockwood- Bass, Electric Bass
Jordan Perlson- Drums (1,3,4,8,9)
Terri Lyne Carrington- Drums (2,5,6,7,10)
Adam Rogers- Guitar (6,7)
Hal Crook- Trombone (10)

</doc>
<doc id="31102906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102906" title="AXK">
AXK

AXK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31102927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102927" title="Act of the National Assembly for Wales">
Act of the National Assembly for Wales

In Wales, an Act of the National Assembly for Wales () (informally, an Act of the Assembly) is primary legislation that can be made by the National Assembly for Wales under part 4 of the Government of Wales Act 2006. The power to make Acts of the Assembly was conferred on the assembly following the 2011 elections as a commencement order had been passed in the assembly by simple majority prior to dissolution. The activation of part 4 legislative powers was as a result of a "yes" vote in the 2011 referendum held in Wales. When the power to make Acts of the Assembly commenced, the assembly lost the ability to make Measures under part 3 of the 2006 Act. Existing Measures will remain as law unless repealed.
How Acts of the Assembly are made.
Consideration by the Assembly.
Bills may be introduced by Welsh Government, a committee of the Assembly, the Assembly Commission or by individual Assembly Members. Ballots are held to select which individual assembly members may present bills. 
Once a bill is introduced, there are four stages that need to be completed prior to the bill being submitted for royal assent. The first stage involves consideration of the general principles of the bill by a committee of the assembly and then agreement of these principles by the assembly in plenary session. In the second stage, the bill is considered in detail by a bill committee. The third stage involves detailed consideration of the bill and any amendments by the assembly in plenary, this can be followed by a Report Stage where further amendments can be proposed. Finally, in the fourth stage, the assembly votes to pass the bill in its final form.
Period of intimation and Royal Assent.
When a bill completes its passage through the assembly, it enters a four-week period of intimation, during which the Attorney General for England and Wales or the Counsel General for Wales may refer the bill to the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom if they consider that any provisions of the bill are outside the legislative competency of the assembly. The Secretary of State for Wales may also make an order prohibiting the Clerk to the Assembly from submitting the Bill for Royal Assent during this time. After the period of intimation expires, the Clerk may submit the bill for royal assent. The bill becomes an Act of the Assembly when Letters Patent under the Welsh Seal are made by the Queen to signify assent.
Form of letters patent.
Royal Assent to Acts of the Assembly is given by means of Letters Patent using the following wording:
The Letters Patent may also be made in Welsh:
Enacting formula.
Acts of the Assembly begin with the following words of enactment:
English Language: "Having been passed by the National Assembly for Wales and having received the assent of Her Majesty, it is enacted as follows:-"
Welsh Language: "Gan ei fod wedi ei basio gan Gynulliad Cenedlaethol Cymru a chael cysyniad Ei Mawrhydi, deddfir fel a ganlyn:-"
Subjects in which Acts of the Assembly can be made.
Under part 4 of the Government of Wales Act 2006, the assembly has legislative competence in the following 20 "Subjects" outlined on schedule 7 of that act:

</doc>
<doc id="31102943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102943" title="The Mad Dogs">
The Mad Dogs

The Mad Dogs were a professional wrestling tag team that consisted of Tatsutoshi Goto and Michiyoshi Ohara. The team competed in New Japan Pro Wrestling and WAR and were members of several stables including Heisei Ishingun, nWo Japan, and Team 2000.
History.
Heisei Ishingun (1994-1999).
The Mad Dogs began teaming as early as 1994 as both Goto and Ohara were members of Shiro Koshinaka's stable Heisei Ishingun. The team were largely in multi-man tag matches, got no title shots and were left off the 1994 G1 Tag League.
In early 1995, The Mad Dogs began competing in WAR with the rest of Ishingun and on January 8, 1995, The Mad Dogs with Ishingun leader Shiro Koshinaka defeated Hiromichi Fuyuki and Jado and Gedo to win the WAR World Six-Man Tag Team Championship. Four months later on April 30, they lost the titles to Genichiro Tenryu, Animal Hamaguchi, and Koki Kitahara. Following the title loss, the team returned to New Japan where they continued to remain in the midcard wrestling with the rest of Ishingun. In November 1996, The Mad Dogs took part in a one-night tournament but with different partners as Ohara teamed with Akira Nogami while Goto teamed with Akitoshi Saito. Goto and Saito would lose in the first round to Kensuke Sasaki and Shinjiro Ohtani while Ohara and Nogami won the tournament defeating Sasaki and Ohtani in the finals, also avenging Goto and Saito in the process.
In 1997, The Mad Dogs began to move up the card with Ohara entering the 1997 G1 Climax but was eliminated in the first round by Masahiro Chono. By the end of the year they briefly teamed with nWo Japan during the nWo TYPHOON tour and, in November, they entered the 1997 Super Grade Tag League. Though they finished last with 1 point, they did get a victory over multi-time IWGP Tag Team Champions: Tatsumi Fujinami and Kengo Kimura.
In 1998, the team continued to remain the midcard as they were left off the 1998 Super Grade Tag League and didn't challenge for any titles; they did enter the 1998 G1 Climax but were eliminated in the first round. At "Rising the Next Generation" on August 8, the team took on the Great Kabuki and Great Muta but were defeated.
Team 2000 and break up (1999-2001).
In 1999, Hesei Ishingun broke up but the Mad Dogs continued to team. On June 27, The Dogs received their first shot at the IWGP Tag Team Championship against Shiro Koshinaka and Kensuke Sasaki. In their first attempt, Goto and Ohara would emerge victorious, winning the gold. Two months later at the "Battle of Last Summer" on August 28, The Dogs lost the titles to Yuji Nagata and Manabu Nakanishi. In September, Goto and Ohara entered the 1999 G1 Tag League where they finished in 8th place with 6 points.
On February 4, 2000, The Dogs earned a rematch for the IWGP Tag Titles but lost. Four days later on February 8, The Mad Dogs joined Masahiro Chono's Team 2000 stable. After joining, the Dogs spent the next year in the midcard where they once again received no title shots, by the summer of 2001, the Mad Dogs broke up with Ohara left New Japan to focus on Mixed Martial Arts.
Reunion and Second Breakup (2003-2008).
In early 2003, The Mad Dogs reunited when Ohara returned to New Japan, the two formed a new stable: The Crazy Dogs with Hiro Saito and MMA legend: Enson Inoue. The group spent all of 2003 feuding with the Makai Club where the two sides exchanged victories until the feud ended at Wrestling World 2004 when the Crazy Dogs lost to the Makai Club in an eight man tag team match. Following the loss, Ohara and Inoue left New Japan. Goto would eventually leave in 2006.
After Goto left New Japan, the Mad Dogs would team up a few more times. Once in 2006 for UWAI Station and twice in 2008 in Kensuke Office before Ohara retired due to injuries.
In Wrestling.
Tatsutoshi Goto
Michiyoshi Ohara

</doc>
<doc id="31102976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102976" title="Noguchi table">
Noguchi table

The Noguchi table is a piece of modernist furniture first produced in the mid-20th century. Introduced by Herman Miller in 1947, it was designed in the United States by Japanese artist and industrial designer Isamu Noguchi. The Noguchi table comprises a wooden base composed of two identical curved wood pieces, and a heavy plate glass top.
History.
The Noguchi table was an evolution of a rosewood and glass table Noguchi designed in 1939 for A. Conger Goodyear, president of the Museum of Modern Art. The design team at Herman Miller was so impressed by the table's use of biomorphism that they recruited Noguchi to design a similar table with a freeform sculptural base and biomorphic glass top for use in both residential and office environments. The 1947 Herman Miller catalog described the Noguchi coffee table as "sculpture-for-use" and "design for production". The base was carved from solid walnut, and consisted of two identical parts; when one part "is reversed and connected to the other by a pivot rod, a base appears which has a smoothly flowing form and an interest rarely found in furniture of any period." The shape of the two wooden supports produces a self-supporting and stable base, allowing the heavy plate glass top to be placed without the use of connectors.
Construction.
The base was originally produced in walnut, birch, and cherry. It was later reissued in ebonized walnut. Cherry bases were made only during the first year the table was on the market, and have been highly sought since. Birch bases were manufactured between 1947 and 1954. 
The top was originally issued in ⅞″ plate glass. In 1965, the thickness of the top was reduced to ¾″, and its base height was raised, increasing the table's total height from 15″ to 15¾″.
Production.
The Noguchi table became one of Herman Miller's most iconic and successful designs. Production ceased in 1973, and the piece became an instant collectible. Herman Miller reissued it in 1980 in a limited edition of about 480 tables. The table was reintroduced again in 1984 for the ""Herman Miller Classics"" line, and has been in production ever since.
Survivors.
Despite their status as modern classics, Noguchi tables are widely available and relatively affordable. This is at least partly due to the fact that they were in constant production from 1947 until 1973, returned to production in 1984, and have been produced ever since. In addition, the table is very durable, and few have been lost over the years. The base can be dinged and scratched but almost never cracks or breaks. The glass tops are prone to chipping along the edges and scratching on the upper surface, but are so large and heavy they rarely break. The table can support a great weight without damage. Earlier tables are easily distinguished by their ⅞″ thick tops, but do not command much premium over the current lighter and easier to handle ¾″ models. Expect to pay $500 and up for an undamaged example, and $1,500 and up for an early version in birch. Only the 1947 cherry tables are truly rare collectibles. These specimens rarely show up for sale except at high-end auctions.

</doc>
<doc id="31102984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102984" title="California Bays and Estuaries Policy">
California Bays and Estuaries Policy

The Water Quality Control Policy for the Enclosed Bays and Estuaries of California is published by the California State Water Resources Control Board as guidelines to prevent water quality degradation. The policy is revised as needed.
Geography.
The Pacific coast of California has few natural harbors in comparison to similar lengths of the Atlantic coast of the United States. Humboldt Bay, Bodega Harbor, Tomales Bay, Drakes Estero, San Francisco Bay, Morro Bay, Los Angeles - Long Beach Harbor, Upper Newport Bay, Newport Back Bay, Mission Bay, and San Diego Bay are identified by the policy. The policy also applies to smaller areas of ocean water within headlands or harbor works when the distance between those features is less than 75 percent of the greatest dimension of the enclosed portion.
Mixing zones for fresh and ocean waters at the mouths of the Smith River, Klamath River, Mad River, Eel River, Noyo River, Russian River, and Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta are identified as estuaries. The policy also applies to coastal lagoons and mouths of streams temporarily separated from the ocean by sandbars.
The sheltering features making harbors favorable for ocean transportation cargo transfer limit mixing and dilution through surf action and ocean currents.
History.
Harbors were important foci of early European American settlement of California; and cities have developed adjacent to the larger ones. Unique aquatic ecosystems of limited geographical extent have been impacted by waste disposal practices. The Bays and Estuaries Policy adopted on 16 May 1974 concluded discharges of municipal wastewater and industrial process water should only be allowed when such discharges enhance the quality of the bay or estuary. Exceptions were made for San Francisco Bay and for cooling water discharges at other locations. The policy was revised 16 November 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="31102994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102994" title="GRACEfulLEE">
GRACEfulLEE

GracefulLee is an album by American jazz saxophonists Grace Kelly and Lee Konitz. It was released on July 8, 2008. 
"GracefulLee" is Kelly's fourth studio album. It has received positive reviews from music critics, including a four and a half star review from "Down Beat" Magazine in November 2008. It was named one of the "Best CDs of 2008" by "Downbeat" Magazine in January 2009 and one of the "Best CDs of the 2000s by "Downbeat" Magazine in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31102995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31102995" title="Outline of dinosaurs">
Outline of dinosaurs

The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to dinosaurs:
Dinosaurs – diverse group of animals of the clade and superorder Dinosauria. They were the dominant terrestrial vertebrates for over 160 million years, from the late Triassic period (about 230 million years ago) until the end of the Cretaceous (66 million years ago), when the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event led to the extinction of all non-avian dinosaurs at the close of the Mesozoic era. The fossil record indicates that birds evolved within theropod dinosaurs during the Jurassic period. Some of them survived the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event, including the ancestors of all modern birds. Consequently, in modern classification systems, birds are considered a type of dinosaur—the only group which survived to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="31103009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103009" title="Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Rookie of the Year">
Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Rookie of the Year

The Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) Men's Basketball Rookie of the Year is an award given to the freshman basketball player in the Atlantic Coast Conference voted by members of the Atlantic Coast Sports Media Association as the most outstanding freshman player.
Winners.
1977* denotes a tie

</doc>
<doc id="31103025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103025" title="Cheviot Lake">
Cheviot Lake

Cheviot Lake is a lake in central Saskatchewan, Canada south-east of Saskatoon. The lake is located in the rural municipality of Blucher No. 343. The lake is predominately surrounded by agricultural farm land.

</doc>
<doc id="31103043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103043" title="Haris Pamboukis">
Haris Pamboukis

Haralambos Pamboukis, usually known as Haris Pamboukis (, born in 1958 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek lawyer and university professor who served as Minister of State to the Prime Minister of Greece from 7 October 2009 to 17 June 2011.
Life.
Haris Pamboukis was born in 1958 in Athens, Greece. He graduated from Pantheon-Sorbonne University, obtaining D.E.A. and a Ph.D. in Private International Law and International Trade Law. From 1984 until 1987 Pamboukis worked as a researcher at the Panthéon-Assas University's "Centre de Recherches de droit international". Between 1987 and 1988, he worked as a Greek Supreme Court attorney with the Coudert-Freres (Paris) international law firm. From 1990 Haris Pamboukis started his own law firm with a number of partners.
Returning to Greece, Haris Pamboukis became a lecturer at the Law School of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens in 1991, while in 1990–1996 he served as a General Secretary of the journal "Revue Hellenique de droit international". In 1997, Haris Pamboukis, became an Assistant Professor of the Law School of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
Haris Pamboukis started his political career ib 1996–1997, as a Special Advisor to the Alternate Foreign Minister. From 1999 until 2000 Haris Pamboukis was Secretary General for the Administration and Organisation at the Foreign Ministry.
In October 2009, Haris Pamboukis was appointed Minister of State to the Prime Minister, with responsibilities pertaining to the attraction of foreign investment to the country.
Haris Pamboukis is fluent in English and French. He is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="31103051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103051" title="Mary Beth Marley">
Mary Beth Marley

Mary Beth Marley (born May 19, 1995) is an American pair skater. With former partner Rockne Brubaker, she is the 2012 Four Continents bronze medalist and 2012 U.S. silver medalist. Previously, Marley competed in single skating and became the 2009 U.S. novice silver medalist.
Career.
Singles career.
Marley won the novice silver medal at the 2009 U.S. Championships. She was 5th on the junior level in 2011.
Partnership with Brubaker.
Marley and Brubaker teamed up after a two-day tryout in August 2010. She was previously a singles skater and had no pairs experience but passed her pairs test on August 31, 2010. The pair was coached by John Nicks. Marley relocated to Aliso Viejo, California. 
Marley and Brubaker's first international competition was the Mentor Nestle Nesquik Cup in Toruń, Poland, where they earned the minimum technical scores required to compete at an ISU Championship. They placed fourth at the 2011 U.S. Nationals and were named as alternates for Four Continents. They were assigned to the event after an injury led Caydee Denney and Jeremy Barrett to withdraw. Jenni Meno and Todd Sand became their main coaches for the 2011-12 season and Nicks also continued to work with the pair.
In the 2012–2013 season, Marley and Brubaker were assigned to 2012 Skate Canada International and 2012 NHK Trophy, however, on August 14, 2012, the pair announced the end of their partnership. Marley decided to step away from competitive figure skating due to a long-term battle with an eating disorder. She works as a coach and choreographer in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="31103055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103055" title="Centre Chorégraphique National de Nantes">
Centre Chorégraphique National de Nantes

The Centre Chorégraphique National de Nantes is a dance company based in Nantes, France.
Claude Brumachon and Benjamin Lamarche are the co-directors of the company.

</doc>
<doc id="31103067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103067" title="Carl Ray (baseball)">
Carl Ray (baseball)

Carl Grady Ray (January 31, 1889 – April 2, 1970) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in and with the Philadelphia Athletics. 

</doc>
<doc id="31103080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103080" title="Association for the Education and Guardianship of International Students">
Association for the Education and Guardianship of International Students

The Association for the Education and Guardianship of International Students (AEGIS) is concerned with the welfare and well-being of international students at British boarding schools.
AEGIS was founded in 1994. It brings together schools and organisations interested in the guardianship of school children. It provides a forum for best practice in this area by organising workshops and conferences.
AEGIS is based in Stroud, Gloucestershire, England. It was granted charitable status in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31103081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103081" title="2010–11 Kent State Golden Flashes men's basketball team">
2010–11 Kent State Golden Flashes men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Kent State Golden Flashes men's basketball team represents Kent State University in the college basketball season of 2010–11. The team is coached by Geno Ford and play their home games at the Memorial Athletic and Convocation Center as members of the Mid-American Conference (MAC) East Division. On March 4, 2011, the team clinched their second-consecutive outright MAC regular season championship by defeating the Akron Zips 79–68 in Kent. It was the first back-to-back regular season titles in the MAC since Miami accomplished the feat in 1991 and 1992 and first back-to-back outright titles since Ball State in 1989 and 1990.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| Mid-American Conference Tournament
!colspan=9| 2011 NIT
After the season.
Comments.
Following their overtime loss to Akron in the MAC Tournament Championship game, the team was seeded 7th in the 2011 National Invitation Tournament, which they automatically qualified for by winning the MAC regular season championship. They played in Moraga, California at 2nd-seeded St. Mary's, and defeated the Gaels 71–70. Kent State next traveled across the country to face 6th-seeded Fairfield, and defeated the Stags in Bridgeport, Connecticut 72–68. The win advanced Kent State to the NIT quarterfinals for the first time since 2000. In the quarterfinals, they played top-seeded Colorado, and lost to the Buffaloes 81–74 in Boulder, Colorado to finish the season with an overall record of 25–12.
On March 27, Bradley University announced they had hired Geno Ford to become their next head coach.
Awards.
On March 7, 2011, head coach Geno Ford was named the Coach of the Year in the Mid-American Conference while Junior forward Justin Greene was named the conference Player of the Year. It was Ford's second consecutive Coach of the Year award and marks the eighth time a KSU coach has won the award (Jim McDonald, 1990; Gary Waters, 1999 and 2000; Stan Heath, 2002; and Jim Christian, 2006 and 2008). Ford also became the fourth coach in MAC history to win back-to-back Coach of the Year awards and won the award by one vote over Miami's Charlie Coles. Greene was the first KSU player since Al Fisher in 2008 to be named Player of the Year and the third Kent State player overall to win the award, joining DeAndre Haynes in 2006. Greene won the award by three votes over Julian Muvunga of Miami and D. J. Cooper of Ohio.
On March 8, Kent State players Michael Porrini and Carlton Guyton were honored by the Mid-American Conference as Porrini was named MAC Defensive Player of the Year and Guyton was named MAC Sixth Man of the Year. Porrini was the fourth Kent State player to earn the award and marked the fifth Defensive Player of the Year award for Kent State (Demertic Shaw; 2001 and 2002; John Edwards, 2004; and Haminn Quaintance, 2008). Guyton was the third KSU player to win the Sixth Man award, after Anthony Simpson in 2010 and Kevin Warzynski in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31103116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103116" title="JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit">
JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit

The JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit provides tools for creating Interactive Data Visualizations for the Web. The toolkit implements advanced features of information visualization like TreeMaps, an adapted visualization of trees based on the SpaceTree, a focus+context technique to plot Hyperbolic Trees, a radial layout of trees with advanced animations (RGraph) and other visualizations. 
In November 2010 the toolkit was acquired by the Sencha Labs Foundation. Further development on the toolkit involves WebGL support, CSS3 animations and more visualizations.
The JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit was chosen as a mentoring organization and project for the Google Summer of Code 2011
List of Featured Visualizations.
Some of the featured visualizations are:

</doc>
<doc id="31103127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103127" title="David Crawford (footballer born 1873)">
David Crawford (footballer born 1873)

David Crawford (9 March 1873 – July 1937) was a Scottish footballer, who played for St. Mirren, Rangers and the Scotland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="31103144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103144" title="South African Class 8E 4-8-0">
South African Class 8E 4-8-0

The South African Class 8E 4-8-0 of 1903 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.
In 1903, at the same time that the Cape Government Railways ordered its second batch of thirty-eight 8th Class 4-8-0 Mastodon type steam locomotives, four additional locomotives of the same class were ordered, but built to modified specifications in order to accommodate a larger grate area. In 1912, when these four locomotives were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and designated .
Manufacture.
Evolution.
The first Cape Government Railways (CGR) 8th Class locomotive was a 2-8-0 Consolidation type designed by H.M. Beatty, the CGR’s Chief Locomotive Superintendent from 1896 to 1910. It was later to become the South African Railways (SAR) Class 8X. While these first Schenectady and ALCO built 2-8-0 locomotives were being subjected to exhaustive testing on all types of traffic and under varying conditions, some trouble was experienced with the leading two-wheeled pony truck and, when designs were prepared at Salt River for a later order for more locomotives, the pony truck was replaced with a four-wheeled bogie, resulting in the CGR’s Mastodon type 8th Class.
In spite of the difference in wheel arrangements, the CGR’s 2-8-0 Consolidations and post-Class 7 Mastodons were all grouped together into the 8th Class.
Builders.
In 1902, when a second batch of thirty-eight 8th Class locomotives was ordered, later to become the Class 8D on the South African Railways (SAR), an additional four locomotives were ordered. These were of an experimental design, to be built to modified specifications.
Beatty believed that, while the earlier 8th Class locomotives (later the SAR Class 8) steamed well, they would steam even better if they had a larger firegrate area. He was hampered by the fact that the firebox wrapper plates had to fit between the rear coupled wheels, but he overcame that by designing an 8th Class locomotive with a deep curve in the foundation ring, or mud ring, to clear the intermediate coupled wheels, and a steep slope to the back to clear the trailing wheels. In the process he was able to increase the firegrate area from .
The locomotives were ordered from Neilson, Reid and Company and delivered in 1903. They were numbered in the range from 813 to 816 and allocated to the Western System of the CGR.
Class 8 sub-classes.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the CGR, the Natal Government Railways and the Central South African Railways, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the SAR came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
In 1912 these four locomotives were renumbered in the range from 1230 to 1233 and reclassified to Class 8E on the SAR.
These locomotives, together with the rest of the CGR’s fleet of 8th Class 2-8-0 Consolidations and 8th Class Mastodons, plus the Class 8-L1 to 8-L3 Mastodon locomotives from the Central South African Railways (CSAR), were grouped into ten different sub-classes by the SAR. The locomotives became SAR Classes 8 and 8A to 8F and the 2-8-0 locomotives became Classes 8X to 8Z.
Modifications.
Reboilering.
With no appreciable gain obtained in steaming capacity, the enlarged grate area on these experimental locomotives did not come up to expectations. Since the fireboxes started having problems with cracks and leaking rivets soon after the locomotives were placed in service, the experimental boilers and fireboxes were soon replaced with normal 8th Class boilers and fireboxes.
Superheating.
During A.G. Watson’s term as the Chief Mechanical Engineer (CME) of the SAR from 1929 to 1936, many of the Class 8 to Class 8F locomotives were equipped with superheated boilers, larger bore cylinders and either inside or outside admission piston valves. The outside admission valve locomotives had their cylinder bore increased from and retained their existing SAR classifications, while the inside admission valve locomotives had their cylinder bore increased to and were reclassified by having a "W" suffix added to their existing SAR classifications.
Of the four Class 8E locomotives, numbers 1232 and 1233 were equipped with superheated boilers, bore cylinders and outside admission piston valves while retaining their Class 8E classification.
Service.
In SAR service, the Class 8 family of locomotives worked on every system in the country and during the 1920s became the mainstay of motive power on many branchlines. Their final days were spent in shunting service and by 1972 they were all withdrawn.

</doc>
<doc id="31103146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103146" title="Expedition of 'Abdullah ibn 'Atik">
Expedition of 'Abdullah ibn 'Atik

The Expedition of 'Abdullah ibn 'Atik () also known as the Assassination of Abu Rafi' ibn Abi Al-Huqaiq (), took place in December, 624AD
Background.
Sallam ibn Abu al-Huqayq (Abu Rafi) was a Jew, Fath Al-Bari, p. 7/343.</ref> and used to mock Muhammad with his poetry. When the Muslims had settled their affair with Banu Quraiza; Al-Khazraj tribe, a rival of Al-Aws, asked for Muhammad's permission to kill him (which Muhammad accepted) in order to merit a virtue equal to that of Al-Aws who had killed Ka'b ibn al-Ashraf.
Assassination.
According to the Sealed Nectar, a group of 5 people with ‘Abdullah bin ‘Ateeq at their head, headed for Khaybar where ‘Abu Rafi‘’s fort was situated. When they approached the place, ‘Abdullah advised his men to stay a little behind, he went ahead disguised himself in his cloak as if he had been relieving himself. When the people of the fort went in, the gate-keeper called him to enter thinking he was one of them. ‘Abdullah went in and lurked inside. He then began to unbolt the doors leading to Salam’s room. There it was absolutely dark but he managed to put him to the sword, and then leave in safety. On his way back, his leg broke so he wrapped it up in a band, and hid in a secret place until morning when someone stood on the wall and announced the death of Salam bin Abi Al-Huqaiq officially. On hearing the glad news he left and went to see Muhammad, who listened to the whole story, and then asked ‘Abdullah to stretch his leg, which he wiped and the fracture healed on the spot according to Muslim scholar "Saifur Rahman al Mubarakpuri".
In another version, all the group of five participated in killing that enemy of Islam. This incident took place in Dhul Qa‘dah or Dhul Hijjah in the year five Hijri.
William Muir also claims 5 people were sent, 'Abdullah ibn 'Atik who was familiar with the language of the Banu Nadir, addressed Al-Huqaiq's wife, who came to open the door, entering on a false pretext. Muir also mentions that according to one account, he pretended he brought a present for her husband. When his wife saw they were armed, she began to scream and they started to aim their weapons at her, forcing her to be silent "at the peril of her life". They then rushed in and killed Al-Huqaiq (Abu Rafi).
Islamic primary sources.
In his biography of Muhammad, the Muslim jurist Tabari mentions the event as follows:
Abu Rafi's assassination is mentioned in many Sunni Hadith:
Abu Rafi's assassination is mentioned in: , , and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="31103147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103147" title="Tangemann">
Tangemann


</doc>
<doc id="31103151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103151" title="Tangeman">
Tangeman

Tangeman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31103174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103174" title="Novy-MacNeal-Nicolle medium">
Novy-MacNeal-Nicolle medium

Novy-MacNeal-Nicolle medium (NNN) is a culture medium used to grow Leishmania. It consists of 0.6% sodium chloride (NaCl) added to a simple blood agar slope. NNN can also be used to grow Trypanosoma cruzi.

</doc>
<doc id="31103179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103179" title="Judicial Service Commission">
Judicial Service Commission

Judicial Service Commission may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31103183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103183" title="Steve Dudeney">
Steve Dudeney

Steve (Stephen) Dudeney (born July 1968) is a senior officer in the London Fire Brigade.
Early life.
He was born in Kensington, West London and adopted at 6 weeks old and raised in Stepney & Poplar in London's East End. As a youngster he used to spend a lot of time at his local Fire Station in
Poplar and held a desire to become a Firefighter when he was older.
Career.
In 1987 aged 18 he joined the London Fire Brigade and after his initial training was posted to Bethnal Green Fire Station. He spent most of his career at Fire Stations in the East End (Bethnal Green, Poplar, Shadwell, Plaistow, Bow) rising up the ranks to Station Officer in 2000. In 2002 he became Station Commander at Poplar Fire Station (near his childhood home) the Station where he served in every rank. 
He was also Station Commander at Homerton Fire Station in Hackney, Wennington Fire Station in Havering and was the First Station Commander at the new Fire Station in Harold Hill in Havering which was the first newly established Fire Station in London for 13 years.
In April 2010 he was promoted to Group Manager and became head of the LFB Leadership and Management Development Team. In April 2012 he transferred to LFB's Special Operations Group.
On 1 August 2013 he was appointed to the role of LFB Borough Commander for the London Borough of Hackney. Responsible for 200 staff at the four Fire Stations in the Borough; Homerton, Kingsland, Shoreditch & Stoke Newington.
Writing.
Steve is a regular contributor to a number of International Fire Service publications and was the editor of the British Fire Service Association magazine 'The Journal'. He is best known however for his contribution to online Fire Service articles relating to Fire Service Command, Fire Service Tactics especially around Firefighting in high rise buildings. He is also part of the Management team for the popular UK Firefighting website www.fireservice.co.uk
9/11 FDNY links.
Steve along with three colleagues from Poplar Fire Station were among the first British Firefighters to fly to New York in the days following the attacks on the Twin Towers. The group visited many Stations as well as Ground Zero and became pivotal in the fundraising for the families of the New York Firefighters from within the UK Fire Service in the months after the attack. It was US Firefighters raising funds for British Firefighters in World War Two which saw the establishment of the Fire Services National Benevolent Fund (now Firefighters Charity. In 2003 article 'Completing the Circle' in Firehouse Magazine Dudeney explains the story of the WW2 Firefighters and how modern day counterparts repaid the favour to US Firefighters after 9/11. He was involved in the 60th Anniversary celebrations of the FSNBF in 2003 where he accompanied a group of New York Firefighters to the celebration at the Royal Albert Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="31103186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103186" title="Every Road I Walked">
Every Road I Walked

Every Road I Walked is an album by American jazz saxophonist and vocalist Grace Kelly. 
It was released on December 1, 2006, and features three award winning songs:

</doc>
<doc id="31103196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103196" title="Maareech ATDS">
Maareech ATDS

Maareech Advanced Torpedo Defence System (ATDS) have been developed by Naval Physical and Oceanographic Laboatory (NPOL), Kochi, along with the Naval Science and Technological Laboratory (NSTL), Visakhapatnam. It is an anti-torpedo system with towed and expendable decoys. 
The system is capable of detecting, confusing, diverting and decoying the incoming torpedoes. The decoy helps in exhausting the energy of the torpedo by running the later through long and ineffective course and prevents them from homing in to the targeted platform with its advanced counter-measure capabilities.
The Indian Navy has already placed orders for three torpedo defence systems that would be installed on ships at the Mazagaon Dock Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="31103197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103197" title="Edith Kramer">
Edith Kramer

Edith Kramer (August 29, 1916 – February 22, 2014) was a social realist painter, a follower of psychoanalytic theory and an art therapy pioneer.
Life and work.
Kramer was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary in 1916. At age 13 Kramer began art lessons with Friedl Dicker. Dicker was associated with the Bauhaus in Weimer Germany, and was an artist and art teacher of note. Kramer studied drawing, sculpture and painting, and was influenced by the method for teaching art developed by Bauhaus artist Johannes Itten. It was in 1934 after Kramer graduated from Realgymnasium that she, then 18, followed Dicker to Prague to continue to study under her. It was during this time in Prague that Kramer worked with Dicker in helping children whose parents where political refugees.
Kramer arrived in the America in 1938 as a refugee, In New York City, she worked for three years teaching sculpture at the Little Red School House. During World War II Kramer worked at a machine shop in the Soho district of New York. She stayed after her shift to draw the other workers in their industrial setting. These works were rendered in the social realist style. In 1947 Kramer visited some of the earliest artworks known to man, the caves at Lascaux. Kramer spoke of these cave paintings as an example of the universal language of art.
At the age of 33 she returned to New York City, with hopes of making a living as an artist. Raised in a family which was interested in psychoanalytic theory, Kramer herself became a follower of Sigmund Freud. Kramer especially believed in the concept of sublimation. Freudian theory describes sublimation as a process in which primitive urges coming from the id are transformed into socially productive activities that lead to gratification of the original urge. Kramer's training was in art, art education and psychoanalytically informed psychotherapy. Still in her 33rd year, Kramer was offered a job at Wiltwycks School for Boys. This job was arranged for her by psychoanalyst Dr. Viola Bernard, who gave Kramer the title, "Art Therapist." It was here that Kramer worked with disturbed boys, ages 8 through 13, for the following seven years.
Though Kramer and her fellow pioneer of American art therapy, Margaret Naumburg, had a similar goal of combining art and psychology, their beliefs took a different path where Kramer began to declare that it was art as therapy, and Naumburg instead promoted art in therapy.
Kramer's life work was spent with children and adolescents that were often unable to explain their feelings through the use of words. In 1958 Kramer published "Art Therapy in a Children's Community". Kramer also worked at Jacobi Hospital in their child psychiatric ward for 13 years. In 1971 Kramer published "Art as Therapy with Children". Kramer wrote in her books of her experiences with her clients. Kramer worked for 14 years at the Jewish Guild for the Blind. In 1976 Kramer, with the help of Dr. Laurie Wilson, founded the graduate program in Art Therapy at New York University. While at NYU, Kramer came up with an important method of the program and called it, “the Art Therapist third hand intervention.” This concept called for the versatility of the Art Therapist, so as to be more easily able to facilitate the client's artistic endeavors. An example of this may be the therapist mixing the paint for the client so as to achieve a desired color or tone. It is important to note that Kramer believed that product was as important as process in Art Therapy. She felt denying the client the gratification of the end product was robbing them. Kramer believed that Art Therapy should fall more in the humanities area than psychology. When in active practice, Kramer maintained a studio where she painted, etched, and sculpted, specializing in art therapy with children and adolescents.
Edith Kramer became a U.S. citizen in 1944. Kramer received an honorary doctorate in 1996 from Norwich University in Northfield, Vermont. She was an Adjunct Professor of Art Therapy in New York University's Graduate Art Therapy Program from 1973 to 2005 and was an Assistant Professor in the Graduate Art Therapy Program at The George Washington University in Washington, D. C. . The American Art Therapy Association gave her the award of "Honorary Life Member,” a mark of highest esteem.
Kramer eventually returned to her home in Austria where on February 22, 2014 she died at the age of 97.
Family.
Edith Kramer was a niece of Theodor Kramer (1897-1958), an Austrian poet, and Elisabeth Neumann-Viertel (1900-1994), an actress.

</doc>
<doc id="31103198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103198" title="Axiis">
Axiis

Axiis is Data Visualization Framework created using Degrafa graphics framework and Adobe Flex

</doc>
<doc id="31103202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103202" title="John Everard (diplomat)">
John Everard (diplomat)

John Everard (born 24 November 1956) is a former British diplomat. He was formerly the British Ambassador to Belarus, British Ambassador to Uruguay, and British Ambassador to North Korea, 2006–2008, after which he was the holder of the Pantech fellowship at the Shorenstein Asia–Pacific Research Center at Stanford University in 2010–11.
He was appointed the Coordinator of the United Nations Panel of Experts on sanctions against North Korea established by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1874 in March 2011 and withdrew from that position in November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31103225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103225" title="Times Too">
Times Too

Times Too is an album by American jazz saxophonist and vocalist Grace Kelly. It was released on December 15, 2005.
"Times Too" is Kelly's second release, a double disc, and features a blend between pop and jazz standards and originals. It was recorded when she was 13 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="31103254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103254" title="George Farmer">
George Farmer

George Farmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31103256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103256" title="Grace Akello">
Grace Akello

Grace Akello (born 1950, Uganda) is a Ugandan poet, essayist, folklorist and politician.
Life.
An Iteso born near Soroti, Akello studied Social Administration and Social Work at Makarere University. She worked as a magazine editor in Kenya and Tanzania before travelling to England in 1981 to be Assistant Editor at the Commonwealth Secretariat. A mother of four sons, she and her second husband live in UK and Uganda. In 1996 she became a member of the Parliament of Uganda, and in 1999 was appointed Minister for Gender, Labour and Social Development. She was the Minister of State for Northern Uganda Rehabilitation until losing her seat in 2006. She is currently the Uganda Ambassador to Italy

</doc>
<doc id="31103261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103261" title="Dreaming (album)">
Dreaming (album)

Dreaming is an album by the American jazz saxophonist and vocalist Grace Kelly. It was released January 1, 2005.
"Dreaming" is Kelly’s debut studio album, recorded when she was just 12 years old. It features six originals and six standards.

</doc>
<doc id="31103283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103283" title="All Neat in Black Stockings">
All Neat in Black Stockings

All Neat in Black Stockings is a 1968 British comedy film directed by Christopher Morahan and starring Victor Henry, Susan George and Jack Shepherd. It is based on a novel by Jane Gaskell. In Swinging London, an easygoing window cleaner falls in love with a woman he meets.

</doc>
<doc id="31103289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103289" title="Herippe">
Herippe

In Greek mythology, Herippe () was a woman from Miletus, wife of Xanthus and mother of an unnamed two-year old child. During the celebration of Thesmophoria, she and many other women were carried off by the Gauls. Some of the captives were ransomed by their relatives, but Herippe was among those who were not, and thus was taken to Gaul. Xanthus, deeply missing his wife, turned most of his possessions into gold and headed on to the land of Celts, hoping to find and ransom Herippe. The Gaul who had abducted Herippe received Xanthus in a most hospitable manner; when Xanthus offered him one thousand pieces of gold for his wife, the host bade his guest to give only one quarter of the sum as ransom, and leave the other three quarters for himself and his family. When Xanthus had a chance to talk to Herippe, she scolded him for having promised to the barbarian a sum of money he did non possess, but Xanthus assured her that he had another two thousand to spare, hidden in his servant's shoes. Herippe then told the Gaul of the total sum of gold Xanthus had with him, and suggested that they kill him and take the money; she further confessed that she liked the Gaul and his land far more than Greece and Xanthus, and wished to stay with the Celts. The Gaul was disgusted at her words; in his eyes, such disloyalty deserved punishment by death. So the next morning he announced that a sacrifice must be made before he lets Xanthus and Herippe go; a sacrificial animal was brought, and the Gaul asked Herippe to hold it. She took the animal, as she was already accustomed to participate in Gaulish sacrificial rites. The Gaul then raised his sword and, instead of slaying the animal, beheaded Herippe. He then explained her treachery to Xanthus and let him go, telling him to leave all the gold for himself.

</doc>
<doc id="31103302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103302" title="James W. Gay">
James W. Gay

Dr. James W. Gay was a herbal Indian medicine man. He was born in the Miami Village on the Wabash River, in the year 1840, and stayed with them until 1854. Dr. James W. Gay's father came from Scotland where he was born in the year 1787. His father practiced medicine among the Miami and Delaware tribes of Indians and white settlers, along the Wabash River. It was there his father met his mother, (half Miami). Dr. James W. Gay did not get along with the Miami chief, so he left the tribe and set out a life of adventure. He followed the setting sun and joined the Pawnees on the Missouri River in the Fall of 1854. He stayed with the Pawnee and helped them with hunting and war. The Souix was a tribe that had killed his brother. While with the Pawnee's he was at war almost continuously with the Sioux, River, Crows, and Black Foot Indian Tribes in which he was wounded three times.
Dr. Gay left the Pawnee Indians in the year 1859 in order to become educated. He retraced his trail toward the rising sun, and began studying at a school in Illinois. He had used the knowledge of herbal medicine taught from his father when with the Pawnees. While attending this school, he also practiced medicine under the mentorship of Dr. Harvey Mantonya of Fulton County, Illinois. Then in 1861, the Civil War broke out. Dr. Gay was taught from childhood, "the young warrior first, the old warrior last," so he enlisted as a private in Company G. 55th Regiment of the Illinois Volunteer Infantry. He served as a private in the Battle of Shiloh. During the battle, the Colonel, observed his cool and collective manner and his deliberate aim with his rifle, so the Colonel appointed him Color Bearer of the Regiment. He served in that capacity until July 22, 1864, when he was taken prisoner at the battle of Atlanta, Georgia. Dr. Gay was taken captive and confined in the "Southern Hell," Andersonville Prison, until September 22, 1864, when he was exchanged on what was known as the "Sherman's Special". When entering Andersonville Dr. Gay weighed 261 lbs., and when exchanged he weighed 136 pounds and was on crutches. While in prison, he relied on the African American prisoners to bring him certain barks and roots, and with these he cured much sickness and healed many gangrenous wounds. Dr. Gay's pay was the gratitude of the poor suffering soldiers. After leaving prison, he soon regained sufficient strength to again take the battlefield but in a different capacity. He was appointed Scout and Messenger for General Steadman, Logan, Lightburn and Col. Mott, and operating in Union with Col. Bronlow and Capt. Littell of the 5th Tennessee Cavalry. He served in this capacity until the end of the war. He was in 32 battles during the Civil War and was wounded twice. At the close of the War, he resumed his practice of Medicine, gathering and manufacturing his own remedies from the "Drug Store" of our "Creator."
Dr. Gay practiced medicine continuously until the Fall of 1901. When he moved from Gladstone, Illinois, to Winfield, Kansas, to retire from active practice and to put his remedies before the public, as he wrote transcripts that wouldn't be published until 2009 by the currently owning descendants of his remedies. On January 28, 1902 Dr. Gay was married to Nellie F. Ammerman and had a daughter, Sylvia N., together. He had several step-children, Harry of Des Moines, Iowa, Mary Eva Thomas of Wichita, KS, Ruby Mutter of Burlington, IA, Fanny Wilson of San Diego, CA, and Clifford Ammerman of Winfield, Kansas.
Around 1919, Gay had moved his family to Dallas City, Illinois, where he continued his practice until his death in 1927. Dr. Gay believed in "universal freedom, a free and unlimited future for all men, and a free and untrammeled education." He believed we should be "self made man" and should "sacrifice life for principle, liberty and government. Merit should be the only scale to weigh man or professions. A man should stand upon his own virtues and his meritous value to the community in which he lives." He believed in "just and equitable laws with special privileges to none, no monopolies should be permitted to entrench themselves behind a legislature enactment for protection, but that each individual or organization should be held strictly accountable for their own acts." He also had written many poems and songs.

</doc>
<doc id="31103326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103326" title="Continental Baking Company">
Continental Baking Company

The Continental Baking Company was one of the first bakeries to introduce fortified bread. It was the maker of the Twinkie and Wonder bread. Through a series of acquisitions and mergers it became part of Interstate Bakeries Corporation.
History.
It was founded in New York City by Robert Boyd Ward in 1849 as the Ward Baking Company. In 1921 William Ward, the grandson of Robert took over the company. He renamed it the Continental Baking Company in 1925. Continental Baking acquired the Wagner Baking Company in Detroit, Michigan and in 1925 bought Taggart Baking Company, the maker of Wonder bread, to become the largest commercial bakery in the United States. Twinkies were invented in 1930 in Schiller Park, Illinois by James Alexander Dewar.
Continental was based in New York from 1923 to 1984.It was purchased by ITT in 1968, and Ralston Purina in 1984. It was purchased by Interstate Bakeries in 1995; the combined company was rebranded Hostess Brands in 2009.
On November 16, 2012, Hostess Brands announced that it would be closing down. 

</doc>
<doc id="31103328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103328" title="1963 Tony Bettenhausen 200">
1963 Tony Bettenhausen 200

The 1963 Tony Bettenhausen 200 was the seventh round of the 1963 USAC Championship Car season, held on August 18, 1963, at the Milwaukee Mile, in West Allis, Wisconsin.
The race was the first American Championship Car race won by a rear-engined car. Jim Clark and Team Lotus had finished second at the 1963 Indianapolis 500 after a controversy surrounding the lack of a black flag for winner Parnelli Jones, whose car was leaking oil. Colin Chapman and Team Lotus decided to return to Champ Car competition at Milwaukee and Trenton later in the year. The rear-engined Lotuses dominated practice and qualifying, breaking the track record by over a second. In the race, Clark led all 200 laps and lapped the entire field, save for second place A. J. Foyt. Clark's teammate Dan Gurney finished third, battling a misfire.
Although a rear-engined car would not win the Indianapolis 500 until 1965, the win signaled a shift in Champ Car design. The last win for a front-engined roadster on a paved track was the opening round of the 1965 season at Phoenix, barely a year and a half after Clark's Milwaukee victory.
Qualifying.
Clark, Gurney, Foyt, and Jones broke the previous qualifying record set in 1961 by Don Branson at 34.09 sec (105.62 mph / 169.94kph).

</doc>
<doc id="31103360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103360" title="Gayle Kingery">
Gayle Kingery

Gayle Kingery (born July 7, 1939) is an American former teacher, and former Republican member of the Missouri House of Representatives. He represented the 154th district, which includes part of Butler County, from 2003 to 2011. He was also a candidate for the Republican nomination for Missouri's 25th district in the state senate until he dropped out of the race in June 2011.
Early life and career.
Gayle Kingery was born in Harviell in 1939. He graduated from Poplar Bluff Senior High School in 1957. He was in the U.S. Air Force from 1961 to 1965. He then received a B.S. in education from Southeast Missouri State University. He was then a teacher and coach in Jackson, Missouri for three years and then a teacher, coach, and administrator in Poplar Bluff, Missouri for thirty years. Kingery is a member of the First United Methodist Church in Poplar Bluff. He is married with five kids.
Political career.
Gayle Kingery was first elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in 2002. He won the Republican nomination against Robert L. Myers and the general election against Democrat Bill Stanberry and Libertarian Chip Taylor. In 2004, Kingery won reelection unoposed. In 2006, he won reelection against Democrat Nancy Lou Norman. In 2008, he won reelection against Libertarian Larry S. Busby. In 2010, Kingery was ineligible to run for reelection due to term limits. In 2011, Gayle Kingery decided to run for the 25th district in the Missouri Senate. It was an open seat because Rob Mayer is unable to run for reelection due to term limits. He dropped out of the race in June 2011, citing a need to spend more time with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="31103377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103377" title="Sixth Amendment of the Constitution of South Africa">
Sixth Amendment of the Constitution of South Africa

The Sixth Amendment of the Constitution of South Africa made a number of changes, most importantly giving the title of "Chief Justice" to the head of the Constitutional Court instead of the head of the Supreme Court of Appeal. It was passed by the National Assembly with the requisite two-thirds majority (279 votes in favour) on 1 November 2001, and signed by President Thabo Mbeki on 20 November; it was published and came into force on the following day.
Provisions.
The amendment renamed the post of "Chief Justice" to "President of the Supreme Court of Appeal", and the post of "President of the Constitutional Court" to "Chief Justice of South Africa"; the deputy heads of each court were also renamed similarly. These changes were intended to clarify the structure of the South African judiciary. Previously, the President of the Constitutional Court was responsible for various constitutional responsibilities, such as calling the first session of Parliament after an election and presiding over the election of the President at that session, while the Chief Justice was responsible for judicial administration, including for example chairing the Judicial Service Commission. These responsibilities were merged into a single post, reflecting the pre-eminence of the Constitutional Court at the apex of the court system. Consequentially many provisions of the Constitution had to be amended where they made reference to the President of the Constitutional Court.
Other changes made by the amendment were:
Formal title.
The official short title of the amendment is "Constitution Sixth Amendment Act of 2001". It was originally titled "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Amendment Act, 2001" and numbered as Act No. 34 of 2001, but the Citation of Constitutional Laws Act, 2005 renamed it and abolished the practice of giving Act numbers to constitutional amendments.

</doc>
<doc id="31103411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103411" title="American Pathology Partners">
American Pathology Partners

American Pathology Partners, Inc. (otherwise referred to as APP or AP2) is a privately held medical laboratory company headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee. The company operates a nationwide network of pathology laboratories focused on local and regional healthcare. APP serves physician offices, hospitals, and surgery centers with sub-specialized anatomic and molecular pathology services including surgical pathology, cytopathology, dermatopathology, hematopathology, urologic pathology, gastrointestinal and liver pathology, renal pathology, and pediatric and perinatal pathology. APP currently operates three laboratory facilities including Denver, Colorado; Wilson, North Carolina; and West Palm Beach, Florida doing business as UniPath, Eastern Carolina Pathology, and Palm Beach Pathology in their respective geographies.
History.
APP was founded in 2007 and incorporated in February 2008 by laboratory professionals, Edward Dooling and Thanasis Papaioanu, along with hospital executive, Martin Rash. Edward Dooling was formerly a senior executive with AmeriPath (now part of Quest Diagnostics) and DIANON Systems, Inc., (now part of LabCorp). Thanasis Papaioanu was formerly an investment banker with SunTrust Equitable (now SunTrust Robinson Humphrey) and FTN Financial (part of First Tennessee National Corporation), where he helped launch New York-based laboratory CBLPath, Inc. (now part of Sonic Healthcare). Martin Rash is founder and Chairman/CEO of RegionalCare Hospital Partners; he was formerly founder and Chairman/CEO of publicly traded Province Healthcare Company that was acquired by Lifepoint Hospitals, Inc. () in 2005. 
In April 2008, APP secured a $75 million equity commitment from New Enterprise Associates (NEA), a large private equity investment firm based in Menlo Park, California and Baltimore, Maryland.
On December 31, 2008, APP completed the acquisition of UniPath, LLC in Denver, Colorado. APP operates the technical operation while UniPath, P.C., the affiliated 25+ pathologist medical practice, stays independent and continues to be owned and managed by the pathologists.
On March 12, 2009, APP completed the acquisition of Eastern Carolina Pathology, Inc. in Wilson, North Carolina. APP operates the technical operation while Eastern Carolina Pathology, P.A., the affiliated four-pathologist medical practice, stays independent and continues to be owned and managed by the pathologists.
On January 17, 2011, APP completed the acquisition of the technical operation of Palm Beach Pathology, P.A. in West Palm Beach, Florida. APP operates the technical operation while Palm Beach Pathology, P.A., the affiliated six-pathologist medical practice, stays independent and continues to be owned and managed by the pathologists.

</doc>
<doc id="31103438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103438" title="Princess Louise of Hesse-Darmstadt (1761–1829)">
Princess Louise of Hesse-Darmstadt (1761–1829)

Louise Henriette Karoline of Hesse-Darmstadt (15 February 1761, Darmstadt – 24 October 1829, Auerbach), was the first Grand Duchess of Hesse and by Rhine by marriage.
Life.
Louise was a daughter of Prince George William of Hesse-Darmstadt (1722-1782) from his marriage to Maria Luise Albertine of Leiningen-Falkenburg-Dagsburg (1729-1818), daughter of Count Christian Karl Reinhard of Leiningen-Dachsburg-Falkenburg-Heidesheim.
The princess was in 1770 in the entourage of Marie Antoinette, as they traveled to France for her marriage. Louise exchanged letters with the French queen until 1792.
Louise married on 19 February 1777 in Darmstadt, her cousin the then crown prince Louis I of Hesse-Darmstadt (1753-1830). Her husband ruled Hesse-Darmstadt from 1790 as Landgrave Louis X and from 1806 as Ludwig I, Grand Duke of Hesse and the Rhine.
Louise spent the summer months since 1783 in the State Park Fürstenlager, and died there in 1829. Here provided charity to the population Auerbach. The Grand Duchess was described as amiable and revered by the nation.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe stayed at her court and Friedrich Schiller read from his Don Carlos in her salon. It was said that Napoleon Bonaparte promised the beautiful Louise, whom he believed to be one of the cleverest women of her time, that he would give her a crown.
Luisenstraße and Luisenplatz in Darmstadt are named after Louise.
Offspring.
From her marriage with Louis, Louise had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="31103450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103450" title="Filip Kljajić">
Filip Kljajić


</doc>
<doc id="31103452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103452" title="Square One Studios">
Square One Studios

Square One Studios is a US-based video game developer and publisher, located in Phoenix, Arizona (US). It was founded in 2010 by Michelle Bizzarro.
Square One Studios debut title Tapper World Tour for the iPad, iPhone and iPod touch was developed for Warner Bros. Digital Distribution and was released in the spring of 2011.
In Fall of 2011, Square One released two more mobile titles: The Recycler and Season Pass Football with Steve Overmyer.

</doc>
<doc id="31103453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103453" title="Dzięcioł">
Dzięcioł

Dzięcioł may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31103477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103477" title="Flatbergium">
Flatbergium

Flatbergium sericeum is the only species of genus Flatbergium and family Flatbergiaceae. Originally described as a species of "Sphagnum", it is now a separate genus on the basis of genetic differences.

</doc>
<doc id="31103500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103500" title="Reasoning system">
Reasoning system

In information technology a reasoning system is a software application whose computational function is to generate conclusions from available knowledge using logical techniques of deduction, induction or other forms of reasoning. Reasoning systems are a subset of a broader category of intelligent systems. They play an important role in the practical implementation knowledge engineering and artificial intelligence.
A reasoning system manipulates previously acquired knowledge in order to generate new knowledge. Knowledge is typically represented symbolically as informational facts and propositional statements that capture assertions, assumptions, beliefs and other premises. Sub-symbolic (connectionist) knowledge representations may also be used (e.g., trained neural nets). Reasoning systems automate the process of inferring or otherwise deriving new knowledge via the application of logic. In a concrete implementation, reasoning systems may support procedural attachments and built-in actions to process or apply knowledge within some given domain or situation.
Reasoning systems have a wide field of application that includes scheduling, business rule processing, problem solving, complex event processing, intrusion detection, predictive analytics, robotics, computer vision, and natural language processing.
Use of logic.
Reasoning systems apply logic in order to generate knowledge. However, they demonstrate significant variation in terms of systems of logic and formality. Most reasoning systems implement variations of propositional and symbolic (predicate) logic. These variations may be mathematically precise representations of formal logic systems (e.g., FOL), or extended and hybrid versions of those systems (e.g., Courteous logic). Reasoning systems may explicitly implement additional logic types (e.g., modal, deontic, temporal logics). However, many reasoning systems implement imprecise and semi-formal approximations to recognised logic systems. These systems typically support a variety of procedural and semi-declarative techniques in order to model different reasoning strategies. They emphasise pragmatism over formality and may depend on custom extensions and attachments in order to solve real-world problems.
Many reasoning systems employ deductive reasoning to draw inferences from available knowledge. These inference engines support forward reasoning or backward reasoning to infer conclusions via modus ponens. The recursive reasoning methods they employee are termed ‘forward chaining’ and ‘backward chaining’, respectively. Although reasoning systems widely support deductive inference, some systems employ abductive, inductive, defeasible and other types of reasoning. Heuristics may also be employed to determine acceptable solutions to intractable problems.
Reasoning systems may employ the closed world assumption (CWA) or open world assumption (OWA). The OWA is often associated with ontological knowledge representation and the Semantic Web. Different systems exhibit a variety of approaches to negation. As well as logical or bitwise complement, systems may support existential forms of strong and weak negation including negation-as-failure and ‘inflationary’ negation (negation of non-ground atoms). Different reasoning systems may support monotonic or non-monotonic reasoning, stratification and other logical techniques.
Reasoning under uncertainty.
Many reasoning systems provide capabilities for reasoning under uncertainty. This is important when building situated reasoning agents which must deal with uncertain representations of the world. There are several common approaches to handling uncertainty. These include the use of certainty factors, probabilistic methods such as Bayesian inference or Dempster–Shafer theory, multi-valued (‘fuzzy’) logic and various connectionist approaches.
Types of reasoning system.
This section provides a non-exhaustive and informal categorisation of common types of reasoning system. These categories are not discreet. They overlap to a significant degree and share a number of techniques, methods and algorithms.
Constraint solvers.
Constraint solvers solve constraint satisfaction problems (CSPs). They support constraint programming. A constraint is a condition which must be met by any valid solution to a problem. Constraints are defined declaratively and applied to variables within given domains. Constraint solvers use search, backtracking and constraint propagation techniques to find solutions and determine optimal solutions. They may employ forms of linear and nonlinear programming. They are often used to perform optimization within highly combinatorial problem spaces. For example, they may be used to calculate optimal scheduling, design efficient integrated circuits or maximise productivity in a manufacturing process.
Theorem provers.
Theorem provers use automated reasoning techniques to determine proofs of mathematical theorems. They may also be used to verify existing proofs. In addition to academic use, typical applications of theorem provers include verification of the correctness of integrated circuits, software programs, engineering designs, etc.
Logic programs.
Logic programs (LPs) are software programs written using programming languages whose primitives and expressions provide direct representations of constructs drawn from mathematical logic. An example of a general-purpose logic programming language is Prolog. LPs represent the direct application of logic programming to solve problems. Logic programming is characterised by highly declarative approaches based on formal logic, and has wide application across many disciplines.
Expert systems.
Expert systems apply reasoning based on knowledge drawn from human (‘expert’) experience and insight. They emulate the reasoning processes of human experts. They provide mechanisms in which expert knowledge in a given domain can be captured and exploited in an automated or semi-automated fashion. Expert systems are often used to support decision making by eliciting facts from human operators and applying rule-based reasoning to recommend appropriate actions or decisions. They may support the elaboration and refinement of knowledge bases over time based on on-going human interaction.
Rule engines.
Rule engines represent conditional logic as discrete rules. Rule sets can be managed and applied separately to other functionality. They have wide applicability across many domains. Many rule engines implement reasoning capabilities. A common approach is to implement production systems to support forward or backward chaining. Each rule (‘production’) binds a conjunction of predicate clauses to a list of executable actions. At run-time, the rule engine matches productions against facts and executes (‘fires’) the associated action list for each match. If those actions remove or modify any facts, or assert new facts, the engine immediately re-computes the set of matches. Rule engines are widely used to model and apply business rules, to control decision-making in automated processes and to enforce business and technical policies.
Machine learning systems.
Machine learning systems evolve their behavior over time based on experience. This may involve reasoning over observed events or example data provided for training purposes. For example, machine learning systems may use inductive reasoning to generate hypotheses for observed facts. Learning systems search for generalised rules or functions that yield results in line with observations and then use these generalisations to control future behavior.
Case-based reasoning systems.
Case-based reasoning (CBR) systems provide solutions to problems by analysing similarities to other problems for which known solutions already exist. They use analogical reasoning to infer solutions based on case histories. CBR systems are commonly used in customer/technical support and call centre scenarios and have applications in industrial manufacture, agriculture, medicine, law and many other areas.
Procedural reasoning systems.
A procedural reasoning system (PRS) uses reasoning techniques to select plans from a procedural knowledge base. Each plan represents a course of action for achievement of a given goal. The PRS implements a belief-desire-intention model by reasoning over facts (‘beliefs’) to select appropriate plans (‘intentions’) for given goals (‘desires’). Typical applications of PRS include management, monitoring and fault detection systems.

</doc>
<doc id="31103505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103505" title="Kenneth Street, Jr.">
Kenneth Street, Jr.

Kenneth Street, Jr. (1920 – 13 March 2006) was an American chemist. He was part of the team that discovered elements 97 and 98 (berkelium and californium) in 1949 and 1950.
Street was born in 1920 in Berkeley, California. He obtained his degree in chemistry in 1943 from the University of California, Berkeley. He then served in World War II as a fighter pilot, with his awards including the Air Medal and the Distinguished Flying Cross. After the war, he returned to Berkeley, obtaining his PhD in nuclear chemistry in 1949, with a thesis titled 'Isotopes of americium and curium'.
The work on berkelium and californium was carried out at the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory (now part of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory) with Stanley G. Thompson, Glenn T. Seaborg and Albert Ghiorso. Street joined the faculty at Berkely in 1949, and became Deputy Director of the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory, and later a professor of chemistry. His specialities and interests were in the areas of nuclear chemistry, geochemistry and geothermal energy.
Street retired in 1986, and moved to Taylorsville, California in 1997 with his wife Jane (née Armitage). They had married in 1944 and had three children, two sons and a daughter. Street's interests included walking in the mountains, backpacking and sailing. Street died on 13 March 2006, in Paradise, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31103570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103570" title="AXX">
AXX

AXX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31103594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103594" title="Julio César Gaona">
Julio César Gaona

Julio César Gaona (born June 10, 1973 in Misiones, Argentina) is an Argentine Association Football Goalkeeper currently playing for Crucero del Norte of the Torneo Argentino A in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="31103596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103596" title="CRB Ain Turk">
CRB Ain Turk

CRB Ain Turk (commonly known as CRB Ain Turk or simply CRBAT) is an Algerian Championnat National de Football Amateur football club based in Ain El Turk.
History.
The club came eighth in the 2009-10 Ligue Inter-Régions de football - Groupe Ouest.
The club was promoted for the 2010-11 season of the newly created Championnat National de Football Amateur due to the professionalisation of the first two divisions in Algeria.

</doc>
<doc id="31103602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103602" title="Element of Doubt">
Element of Doubt

Element of Doubt is a 1996 British thriller film directed by Christopher Morahan and starring Gina McKee and Michael Jayston.
Plot.
A seemingly perfect couple begin to dispute when they should have children and their relationship rapidly deteriorates until she is afraid he might kill her.

</doc>
<doc id="31103606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103606" title="Ilford Animal Cemetery">
Ilford Animal Cemetery

Ilford Animal Cemetery is an animal cemetery in Ilford, London, England, containing over three thousand burials. It was founded in the 1920s and is operated by the PDSA. The cemetery was closed to new burials in the 1960s and gradually became neglected and overgrown. In the early twenty-first century it was restored with the assistance of a £50,000 grant from the National Lottery. Headstones were repaired or replaced, the entrance gate was repaired, the graves were numbered and a visitor's map was created. The cemetery re-opened in 2007 with a ceremony that included a performance of the Last Post by a bugler from the King's Royal Rifle Corps and a pigeon fly-past (although the birds actually took fright at the assembled crowd and flew in the opposite direction). It was attended by two holders of the PDSA Gold Medal, Jake (an explosives detection dog) and Endal (an assistance dog). Also present was Commander Stuart Hett, who had been an officer aboard HMS "Amethyst" and had been tasked with responding to the many letters received by the ship's heroic cat, Simon, who is buried at Ilford. 
The burials are a mixture of family pets and military animals, including twelve recipients of the Dickin Medal for bravery (a fifth of all Dickin Medal recipients are buried at Ilford). The first Dickin Medal recipient to be buried at Ilford was Rip, a Second World War search and rescue dog. Information boards recounting the stories of several of the animals were constructed during the recent restoration. The cemetery has an area specifically dedicated to bird burials. It also has a Pet Tribute Garden designed by celebrity gardener Bob Flowerdew. The inspiration for the design was the Dickin Medal, which has stripes of brown, blue and green representing sea, land and air forces. The garden includes a pet tribute tag dedicated to Endal, the assistance dog which was present at the re-opening ceremony but which died in 2009. The cemetery is behind the PDSA on Woodford Bridge Road, Redbridge, Ilford, Essex, IG4 5PS.
Dickin Medal recipients buried at Ilford include:

</doc>
<doc id="31103654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103654" title="Vorwärts!">
Vorwärts!

Vorwärts! (, "Forward!") was a biweekly newspaper published in Paris from January to December 1844. The journal was seen as "the most radical" in contemporary Europe. The newspaper circulation was about a thousand copies. It had a subtitle "Pariser Signale aus Kunst, Wissenschaft, Theater, Musik, Literatur und geselligem Leben" (Paris signals from the arts, science, theater, music, literature and social life). From 3 July 1844 the title changed to "Vorwärts. Pariser Deutsche Zeitschrift" (Forward. Paris German journal).
The journal was sponsored by the composer Giacomo Meyerbeer and edited by Karl Ludwig Bernays. The publisher of the journal was Heinrich Börnstein (Henry Boernstein). It was the only uncensored radical paper in the German language published in contemporary Europe. The journal published many polemicists, such as Heinrich Heine, Georg Herwegh, Mikhail Bakunin and Arnold Ruge, many of them German political emigres to France. Collaborators also included Friedrich Engels, Georg Weerth and Georg Weber. One of those who wrote for it was Karl Marx; he would have an increasingly important role in editing the journal, particularly from the summer of 1844. Marx and many others joined Vorwärts! after the closure of "Deutsch-Französische Jahrbücher". Many of the activists associated with the paper were also related to the German revolutionary socialist group, the Communist League.
One of Heine's well known works, "The Song of the Silesian Weavers", premiered in "Vorwärts!".
The newspaper was critical of the situation in Prussia and was closed in January 1845 after the Prussian king, Friedrich Wilhelm IV, protested at the "outrageous insults and libels" published in the newspaper to the French king, Louis Philippe. Marx was expelled from France as part of the resulting commotion, Bernays was imprisoned for two months, and Boernstein made a deal with the authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="31103684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103684" title="Iraqi Light Armored Vehicle">
Iraqi Light Armored Vehicle

Iraqi Light Armored Vehicle or International Light Armored Vehicle is an armored fighting vehicle based on the Cougar and manufactured by Force Protection Industries, BAE Systems and General Dynamics. I
Nicknamed the Badger, The ILAV is based on the Cougar, which can carry ten passengers (the six wheel version can carry sixteen). The Cougar/ILAV vehicle uses a capsule design to protect the passengers and key vehicle components from mines and roadside bombs. The Badger itself costs about US$432,000. Just like other MRAPS, the Badger can be outfitted with a robotic arm for the purpose of investigating possible IEDS and UXOs.
Operational history.
Iraqi Army.
The Iraqi Army began to be equipped with the IFAV in 2007 and main user of the IFAV. The Iraqi Army Second Division was one of the first unit to receive the IFAV. Members if the Division stated that the IFAV will help provider improved protection for Soldiers of the Iraqi Army. The Eight Division received two IFAVs and training from the 555th Engineer Brigade in 2008. Current Iraqi Army Engineers are being trained and equipped with the remote controlled arm variants.
US Army.
The ILAV was delivered to Fort Jackson in 2009 for training against IEDs. The ILAV is planned to be used in "Training the Trainer" program to help new operators safety drive US MRAPs. The Department of Defense currently restricts the use of the ILAV for training only because the armor does not meet DOD requirements to be deployed in field.

</doc>
<doc id="31103688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103688" title="Journal of Cosmology">
Journal of Cosmology

The Journal of Cosmology describes itself as a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal of cosmology, although the quality of the process has been questioned. The journal was established in 2009 and is published by Cosmology Science Publishers. Rudolph Schild is the Editor-in-Chief and 
Executive Editor.
Scope.
The Journal of Cosmology is an online publication website. The journal publishes original hypotheses and discoveries in cosmology, astronomy, astrobiology, and Earth and planetary sciences. Contributions may cover multiple disciplines and sub-disciplines of biology, geology, physics, chemistry, extinction, the origin and evolution of life, panspermia and Martian colonization and exploration.
In general, published papers present original hypotheses, reviews, commentary, and speculation. Also covered is analysis of similarities and differences between competing hypotheses (Big Bang vs Steady State theory, panspermia vs abiogenesis, etc.).
In June 2013 the journal launched a public invitation for theologians, theological ethicists and philosophers to contribute articles on "astro-theology".
Reliability.
The quality of peer review at the journal has been questioned. The journal has also been accused of promoting fringe viewpoints and speculative viewpoints on astrobiology, astrophysics, and quantum physics. Skeptical blogger and biologist PZ Myers said of the journal "... it isn't a real science journal at all, but is the... website of a small group... obsessed with the idea of Hoyle and Wickramasinghe that life originated in outer space and simply rained down on Earth."
The journal has responded that the paradigm "life on Earth came from Earth" is like a religious belief.
Hoover paper controversy.
In early March 2011, the journal drew widespread controversy for the publication of a paper by Richard B. Hoover a retired NASA scientist, with claims of evidence in meteorites that life on Earth could have come from space, in this case debris carrying life from a comet to Earth. The journal dismissed the criticism as "a barrage of slanderous attacks" from "crackpots and charlatans", calling their own journal courageous for resisting the "terrorists" whose actions they equated with the Inquisition. NASA distanced itself from Hoover's findings, and issued a statement saying that the paper had been previously submitted in 2007 to "International Journal of Astrobiology" which did not accept it for review.
A number of commentaries on the paper were also published.
In an open letter to the editors of "Science" and "Nature," Schild proposed to establish a commission to investigate the validity of the Hoover paper, which would be led by three experts appointed by "Journal of Cosmology", "Science" and "Nature". Schild said he would interpret "any refusal to cooperate, no matter what the excuse" from "Nature" or "Science" as "vindication for the "Journal of Cosmology" and the Hoover paper, and an acknowledgment that the editorial policies of the "Journal of Cosmology" are beyond reproach". They subsequently issued another statement in which they stood by their publication process and suggested that criticisms were "slander and histrionic tirades", and comparing their critics to "lunatics... unleashed to throw filth", suggesting that their own actions were part of a 2000-years struggle of science against religion. Since their critics had "refused to cooperate" in a review, they reaffirmed the study to be "beyond reproach".
The James Randi Educational Foundation awarded Hoover the tongue-in-cheek Pigasus Award, for repeatedly announcing, "long with the crackpot Journal of Cosmology", widely-dismissed claims that he had found signs of life in Mars rocks.
NASA lawsuit controversy.
On January 17, 2014, NASA reported that a martian rock, named "Pinnacle Island", that was not in an Opportunity rover image taken on Sol 3528, "mysteriously" appeared 13 days later in a similar image taken on Sol 3540. One possible explanation, presented by Steven Squyres, principal investigator of the Mars Exploration Rover Mission, was that the rover, in one of its turning motions, flicked the rock from a few feet away and into the new location. In response to the finding, Rhawn Joseph published an article in the "Journal of Cosmology" on January 17, 2014, concluding that the object is in fact a living organism resembling Apothecia, a large fungus. Rhawn Joseph then filed a writ of mandamus on January 27, 2014 in San Francisco Federal Court, demanding that NASA examine the rock more closely. However, NASA already had examined the rock on January 8, 2014 and confirmed it was a rock with a high sulphur, manganese, and magnesium content. According to Squyres, "We have looked at it with our microscope. It is clearly a rock." On February 14, 2014, NASA released an image showing the location from where the "Pinnacle Island" rock was dislodged by the "Opportunity" rover.
Indexing.
The "Journal of Cosmology" is abstracted and indexed in Polymer Library and ProQuest. From 2009-11 it was indexed in the Astrophysics Data System, but no longer appears there.

</doc>
