<doc id="30950136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950136" title="Amanda Staveley">
Amanda Staveley

Amanda Louise Staveley (born 11 April 1973 near Ripon, North Yorkshire, England) is a British businesswoman notable chiefly for her connections with Middle Eastern investors. In 2008 Staveley played a prominent role in the investment of £7.3 billion in Barclays by the ruling families of Abu Dhabi and Qatar, and by the Qatari sovereign wealth fund. Staveley’s firm, PCP Capital Partners, acted for Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan of the Abu Dhabi royal family, who invested £3.5 billion to control 16 per cent of the bank. The deal was reported to have earned PCP Capital Partners a commission of £110 million, which, after paying advisers, represented a profit of £40 million. Staveley was also involved in Sheik Mansour's high profile purchase of Manchester City Football Club in September 2008.
Staveley, who once described herself as "a dealmaker at heart", told "The Guardian" newspaper in 2008: "I'm just grateful to have been given the opportunities I've had so far. It's not about money — it wouldn't matter if I was making £8 million or £200 million. I just want to go to bed at night and say I've done a good job."
Early life and education.
Staveley was born in Yorkshire and in adulthood retained her Yorkshire accent. She is the daughter of Robert Staveley, a North Yorkshire landowner who founded the Lightwater Valley theme park, where Staveley waitressed as a child; her mother, Lynne, was an occasional model and champion showjumper. Staveley spent much of her childhood with her maternal grandparents. Her grandfather, Ralph Raper, made a fortune running a chain of betting shops, including "the biggest illegal betting shop in the North" in a Doncaster cellar where takings sometimes reached £10,000 a day. They later owned Doncaster dog track and profited further from investment in land and stocks. "He taught me everything", Staveley said. "I am always asking myself what he would do in a certain situation."
Staveley was educated at Queen Margaret's School, York. She admitted to having lots of drive as a child and competed in showjumping and athletics. She ran 12.6 seconds for the hundred metres at the age of 14, before a snapped Achilles tendon ended her involvement in the sport. At 16 Staveley left school and enrolled at a crammer, taking her A-levels in a single year and winning a place to read modern languages at St Catharine's College, Cambridge. As a student she worked as a model to supplement her income. Staveley abandoned her degree after ending up in hospital suffering from stress after the death of her grandfather.
Business career.
Early career and creation of Q.ton.
In 1996, at the age of 22 and without any training, Staveley borrowed £180,000 and bought the restaurant, Stocks, in Bottisham between Cambridge and Newmarket. She would get up at about 4 am to begin preparing food and then waitressed in the evening having spent the afternoon writing business plans and studying for her city exams. "I lived and breathed business and banking," she later said. "I thought one day they would come in useful." Through the restaurant Staveley came to know members of Newmarket's racing community, in particular those associated with the Godolphin Racing stables owned by the Al Maktoum family of Dubai, as well as people from Cambridge's high-tech businesses. Through the late 1990s she started dealing in shares and became an active angel investor, especially in dot.com enterprises and biotech firms such as Futura Medical.
"If I'm shown a good idea," she said, "I can't help but look."
Staveley closed Stocks and in 2000 opened Q.ton, a £10 million conference centre and facility developed in a joint venture with Trinity College, Cambridge on Cambridge Science Park. The investors in Q.ton were believed to include King Abdullah of Jordan, who visited the development in November 2001. That visit that was followed by a trip to Jordan by Staveley as King Abdullah's guest. In 2000 she was named Businesswoman of the Year.
Q.ton and EuroTelecom.
In 2000 Staveley sold a 49 per cent share in Q.ton to the telecoms company, EuroTelecom, for £2 million; Staveley joined the firm as a non-executive director. A few months later EuroTelecom went out of business in the collapse of the Dotcom boom. At the time it was claimed that Q.ton owed EuroTelecom £835,000 and that Staveley had agreed to buy back the company's 49 per cent stake, only for the money not to be forthcoming. Staveley denied having agreed any payments and in a statement said: "The work performed by EuroTelecom was vastly over-specified yet seriously defective ... there could be no question of our agreeing their claim." She hired Kroll Inc. to investigate the executive members of the EuroTelecom board.
Staveley bought EuroTelecom's stake in Q.ton from the firm's administrator PricewaterhouseCooper, a deal that led to a discontinued petition of bankruptcy against her when payment was delayed. She began raising £35 million from private investors to roll the Q.ton concept out throughout the UK and Europe. However, the company failed. Staveley agreed an Individual Voluntary Arrangement and in 2008 was paying back her creditors, including Barclays. "I was a cocky, arrogant bugger. Now I never want to go through something like that ever again," she said in 2008.
PCP Capital Partners.
Background.
After the failure of Q.ton Staveley moved to Dubai, cultivating connections centred on Abu Dhabi but extending across the Middle East. "She has absorbed their culture and respects them. That has put her in an extremely strong position," one financial adviser commented. Mark Horrocks, a hedge fund manager, suggested that the "reasonably good standing" of the Staveley family allowed her to be accepted in the region. Staveley herself spoke of the excitement of working in the Middle East, adding, "There is something about the growth of this young economy that I saw in myself."
In 2008 the Financial Times described her firm, PCP Capital Partners, as really amounting to Staveley and her legal partner, Craig Eadie, and explained that, although based in Mayfair, London, the company acts "via offshore private equity affiliates" as a vehicle for the investment of Middle Eastern money, with Staveley acting as an adviser on those deals. One associate was quoted at this time as saying, "Amanda is known and trusted by her contacts in the Gulf like almost no other non-Arab. She has spent a decade building that relationship. She tells things as they are and has a clarity of purpose that they appreciate."
Barclays.
These contacts brought Staveley to a new level of prominence at the end of 2008 with the investment of Middle Eastern funds in Barclays as the bank sought to recapitalise by raising money privately rather than accept a bail-out from the British government following the financial crisis of that year. Roger Jenkins, reputedly the highest paid banker in the City, was responsible for delivering Qatari involvement in the deal, while Staveley advised Sheikh Mansour on his £3.5 billion investment, for which he gained control of 16 per cent of the bank. Staveley earned a fee of £30 million for her role in the transaction. At the time Staveley said: "We would happily have gone further. We could have taken up to 25 per cent." Staveley, who said that she had been watching Barclays for some time, had begun talking to Sheikh Mansour about investment opportunities in British banking six months previously. In 2010 "The Daily Telegraph" reported that Sheikh Mansour's disposals of his stake in Barclays had made him a profit of about £2.25 billion.
Manchester City and Liverpool.
The Barclays deal followed Sheikh Mansour's £210 million purchase of Manchester City F.C. in September of the same year through the Abu Dhabi United Group, a transaction reportedly worth £10 million in commission to PCP Capital Partners. At the same time Staveley was involved in extended negotiations by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum's Dubai International Capital to buy a 49 per cent stake in Liverpool Football Club, although the deal, which would have given Staveley a place on the club's board, eventually foundered.
Other deals.
Also in 2008 Staveley fronted a bid by the Qatar Investment Authority to buy the Trillium facilities management business from the Land Securities property group, an offer reportedly totaling £1.1 billion. The bid in the end came to nothing in the autumn of that year and Trillium was sold to Telereal for £750 million in January 2009.
Later that year Staveley was involved in an attempt to help finance the $13.5 billion sale of Barclays Global Investors to the US firm BlackRock, offering $2.8 billion of funding in return for a shareholding of 10 per cent, an amount that reportedly included a commitment of Staveley's own money. In June 2009, with details being finalised, Blackrock pulled out of the deal. Press reports at the time suggested that BlackRock had sought further clarification of the identity of the investors behind the special purpose vehicle created by PCP Capital Partners to handle the offer, although alternative reports claimed that they had always been aware of the conditions of the deal. In the end BlackRock funded its purchase of BGI from other sources.
In 2010 Staveley was reported to have advised the Qatari property investment company Barwa in their purchase of the Park House site on Oxford Street from Land Securities for £250 million, a deal that was said to have earned PCP Capital Partners in the region of £5 million to £7.5 million in fees. In March 2012 it was announced that Waterway PCP Properties Ltd, a Middle Eastern private equity group fronted by Staveley, had paid Land Securities £234 million for their Arundel Great Court site on the north bank of the Thames in London.
Personal life.
Staveley initially hit the tabloid headlines after dating The Duke of York in 2003. In 2011 she married Iranian-born Mehrdad Ghodoussi.
Staveley lives in Dubai and has a house in London's Park Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="30950143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950143" title="Nerites (mythology)">
Nerites (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Nerites was a minor sea deity, son of Nereus and Doris (apparently their only male offspring) and brother of the fifty Nereides. He is described as a young boy of stunning beauty.
According to Aelian, Nerites was never mentioned by epic poets such as Homer and Hesiod, but was a common figure in the mariners' folklore. Aelian also cites two versions of the myth concerning Nerites, which are as follows.
In one of the versions, Aphrodite, even before her ascension from the sea to Olympus, fell in love with Nerites. When the time had come for her to join the Olympian gods, she wanted Nerites to go with her, but he refused, preferring to stay with his family in the sea. Even the fact that Aphrodite promised him a pair of wings did not make him change his mind. The scorned goddess then transformed him into a shellfish and gave the wings to her son Eros.
In the other version, Nerites was loved by Poseidon and answered his feelings. From their mutual love arose Anteros (personification of reciprocated love). Poseidon also made Nerites his charioteer; the boy drove the chariot astonishingly fast, to the admiration of various sea creatures. But Helios, for reasons unknown to Aelian's sources, changed Nerites into a shellfish. Aelian himself supposes that Helios might have wanted the boy for himself and was offended by his refusal.

</doc>
<doc id="30950152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950152" title="G'uzor Stadium">
G'uzor Stadium

G'uzor is the main stadium of the hometown club FC Shurtan Guzar. It has been recently renovated.

</doc>
<doc id="30950167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950167" title="Victor Richards">
Victor Richards

Victor Richards is a British actor, writer and poet of West Indian descent, who also performs as VJay. He lives in Leicester, England.
Richards worked as both a fashion model and choreographer for many years before taking a High diploma in Performing Arts in the mid-1990s. He now runs his own theatre company, V Jay Theatre Productions, specializing in Theatre in Education. He has written a trilogy of one-man plays – "Streets Paved with Gold", "Return to the Caribbean" and "Children of the First Generation" – and a volume of poetry, "Poetry Trilogy", was his first published book, in 2008.
In addition to appearing in numerous television productions Victor Richards worked with the BBC first in 2008 as part of Black History Month and then in 2009 as they filmed him travelling from the West Indies to Britain, as his parents and many other first-generation West Indian families had in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="30950191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950191" title="Jorge Manduca">
Jorge Manduca

Jorge Ignacio Manduca Aglieri (born 27 October 1979) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Primera B side Barnechea as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="30950194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950194" title="Ply-split braiding">
Ply-split braiding

Ply-split braiding is a technique where one twisted cord (“splitter”) passes "through" another twisted cord or cords splitting the plies of the latter cords (“splittee” cords). This is unlike weaving or many forms of braiding where cloth is formed by threads interlacing in an over-under sequence. Pattern is formed by cord color, and splitting order.
History.
Ply-split braiding is an ancient art that is practiced for making elaborate camel girths and other animal regalia of hand-spun goat hair, wool or sometimes cotton in northwestern India. The first written description of the technique appeared in 1976 with Virginia Harvey's "Split-Ply Twining". In the introduction, she describes seeing two camel girths at Convergence 1974, and says that Peter Collingwood "suspected the pieces were produced by pulling one yarn through the ply of another". The ply-split girths examined for this publication were created with only one technique, now known as single course oblique twining (SCOT).
In 1974 and 1975, two graduate students from UCLA conducted field research in Rajasthan and Gujarat in north-western India. They were introduced to Ishwar Singh, a master girth maker, who spent several weeks with them demonstrating the construction of the girths. Their 1982 publication, "The Ply-Split Camel Girths of West India" was the first to document the entire traditional process, including spinning, plying, cordmaking, and three structures of ply-splitting. These are SCOT, mentioned above, as well as plain oblique twining (POT) and two-layered oblique interlacing (TLOI). 
The designs showed prominence in the market and were even used to decorate camels for wedding processions.
Modern usage.
Today, the ply-split braiding technique is used by fiber artists to create handmade decorative items including neckwear, bags, household décor, garments and three-dimensional structures such as baskets. Contemporary braid makers use a variety of yarns such as cotton, linen, hemp, silk, paper, or rayon. The ply-splitting process requires minimal equipment: A four-hook cord maker to make the cords, and a gripfid for splitting the plies of one or more cords and drawing a cord back through the split cords.
Resources.
The premier reference is Peter Collingwood's "The Techniques of Ply-split Braiding". which presents a comprehensive view of the history and techniques. A more easily accessible history is found in David Fraser's paper "View From The Shoulders Of Thar Masters: New Space For Ply-Split Braiding". Other publications include Julie Hedges, "Ply-split Braiding, An Introduction" and "Ply-split Braiding, Further Techniques". Linda Hendrickson's work includes "Great SCOT! A Beginner's Guide to Ply-Split Braids in Single-Course Oblique Twining", "How to Make Ply-Split Baskets", and several instructional videos on YouTube. There have been many publications in weaving journals. 

</doc>
<doc id="30950228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950228" title="Westgate, Winchester">
Westgate, Winchester

The Westgate is one of two surviving fortified gateways in Winchester, England (the other is Kingsgate). The earliest surviving fabric is of Anglo-Saxon character. The gate was rebuilt in the 12th century and modified in the 13th and late 14th centuries, the latter including a portcullis in the western façade and two inverted-keyhole gunports (for use with hand-held cannon), the earliest in the country. The gate was in use until 1959 when the High Street was routed around it.
In the 19th century the City Corporation (now Winchester City Council) acquired the Westgate and began to use it as a museum and repository for the City archives. Today, the Westgate Museum's displays include a famous collection of pre-Imperial weights and measures, and a fine painted ceiling made for Winchester College in anticipation of a visit by Mary Tudor and Philip of Spain on the occasion of their marriage in Winchester in 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="30950231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950231" title="Rinoa (band)">
Rinoa (band)

Rinoa were an English post-metal group, formed in Essex in 2007. Their line-up consisted of vocalist Perry Bryan, guitarists Matthew Holden and Jozef Norocky, bassist David 
Gumbleton and drummer James May. The band split in November 2010, with most of their members going on to different musical projects.
History.
Rinoa was formed in Essex in 2007, following the break-up of the members' previous bands, Crydebris, Chariots and Symmetry. They named themselves after Rinoa Heartilly, a character from the video game Final Fantasy VIII.
The band released their self-titled EP, "Rinoa", in 2008.
This was followed with a split EP with Bossk, released in 2009. The band performed at Damnation Festival later that same year. Their debut full-length, "An Age Among Them", was released in 2010 to positive reviews, including being named one of the best albums of 2010 by "Rock Sound".
In October 2010 Rinoa announced their intention to split at the end of their headline UK tour and played their last ever show in Bristol in November.
Following their split James May joined dubstep group Tek-One, and Jozef Norocky joined London band Devil Sold His Soul, with Matthew Holden and David Gumbleton joining a new supergroup called Ancients.

</doc>
<doc id="30950234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950234" title="Rambaikulam Girls' Maha Vidyalayam">
Rambaikulam Girls' Maha Vidyalayam

Rambaikulam Girls' Maha Vidyalayam ( "Rampaikkuḷam Peṇkaḷ Makā Vittiyālayam") is a national school in Vavuniya, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="30950236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950236" title="Magdalena Wilhelmine of Württemberg">
Magdalena Wilhelmine of Württemberg

Magdalena Wilhelmine of Württemberg (7 November 1677, Stuttgart – 30 October 1742, Karlsburg Castle, Durlach) was a margravine of Baden. She had a place in the regency during the minority of her grandson in 1738-42.
She was the daughter of Duke William Louis of Württemberg and Magdalena Sibylla of Hesse-Darmstadt. In order to strengthen the ties between Baden and Württemberg, she married on 27 June 1697 the Hereditary Prince of Baden and later Margrave Charles William of Baden-Durlach. As Magdalena Wilhelmine had a big nose and blemishes, she did not meet the ideals of beauty held by Karl Wilhelm, who loved beautiful women. After she bore him a son and heir, the couple separated. When in 1715 Charles William founded his new residence Karlsruhe, he alone moved into the new palace, while his wife remained in the Karlsburg Castle.
After Charles III William died in 1738, Magdalena Wilhelmine held a post in the guardian government for her nine-year-old grandson Charles Frederick. After her death she was buried in the margraviate tomb in St. Michael's church in Pforzheim .

</doc>
<doc id="30950263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950263" title="Closure of Catharsis">
Closure of Catharsis

Closure of Catharsis is a British-Irish Experimental film directed by Rouzbeh Rashidi that tells the visual story of a man who sits on a park bench talking to the camera, trying to weave together a thought that won't cohere while commenting on passers-by, his 'guests'... Mysterious images intervene, overturning the serenity of the park-bench monologue.
Production.
Rouzbeh Rashidi made this film with a low budget and total cast and crew of four people including the actors. Intentionally working without a script or any kind of written pre-planning, Rouzbeh Rashidi constructed Closure Of Catharsis around an improvised monologue by actor James Devereaux, which took place on a park bench in Hackney's London Fields. Rashidi did not arrange any kind of rehearsal and gave only the briefest of instructions to the actor; "you're struggling to remember something, something from the past which you have repressed because of its traumatic effect upon you, and the memory can be true or false, or a mixture of both".
The improvisation took place over two hours without any break, and Rashidi did not attempt to direct or shape James' performance in the traditional sense; in fact, Rashidi was not even present for much of the improvisation, instead, he would deliberately wander off for 20 or 30 minutes at a time, allowing James to simply respond to his immediate situation in the park; a couple of unleashed dangerous dogs, a squirrel darting across a branch, a jogger cruising by, some school girls giggling at the camera, all became grist to the improvisational mill. Rashidi's only interjections were as an occasional mysterious off-camera "other", stimulating James by giving him random objects found in the park, such as an old pendant or an empty bottle of vodka. Aside from this however, Rashidi left James to his own devices in front of camera, the only boundary being the frame within which James had been placed, and sometimes not even the frame, as when he stepped outside of it.
Rouzbeh Rashidi was inspired by Remodernist film manifesto in order to make Closure of Catharsis.

</doc>
<doc id="30950275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950275" title="Harry Marks">
Harry Marks

Harry Hananel Marks (9 April 1855 – 21 December 1916) was a British politician and journalist, who founded the "Financial News" in 1884.
Early life.
Harry Marks was born in London on 9 April 1855, a younger child of David Woolf Marks and his wife Cecilia. David Woolf Marks, who came from a London merchant family, was a prominent reformist rabbi at the West London Synagogue, and the professor of Hebrew at University College London. Harry's younger brother, Claud Marks, would go on to gain distinction in the Army, being awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his service in the Boer War. 
Marks attended University College School from 1864 to 1868, followed by a period at the Athenée Royale in Brussels, before travelling to the United States aged sixteen, in 1871.
United States.
After arriving in New Orleans, Marks first job was selling sewing machines, before talking his way into a position writing for newspapers in Texas on the grounds of (non-existent) previous journalistic experience. In 1873 he moved to New York, where he worked for the "New York World" for five years, before later becoming editor of the "Daily Mining News". This was his first foray into financial journalism, and there were widespread rumours that he had freely speculated in mining company shares, as well as more scandalous allegations involving seducing and defrauding the widow of one of his former business associates.
Whilst in the United States, Marks published "Leaves from a Reporter's Note-Book" (1882), which reflected on the life of a newspaper journalist. He also published the sharp satire "Down with the Jews! Meeting of the Society for Suppressing the Jewish Race" (1879), which attacked anti-semitism among American politicians. He returned to England in 1883.
Whilst still editing the "Daily Mining News", Marks founded the London halfpenny "Evening News" in 1881 in partnership with Coleridge Kennard; although initially successful, the paper lost most of its circulation by the early 1890s and was eventually sold to Alfred Harmsworth for £25,000 in 1894.
"Financial News".
Shortly after his return to London, Marks founded the "Financial and Mining News" (later simply the "Financial News") on 23 January 1884, with financial backing from an American, Colonel Edward McMurdo. He later floated the paper on the stock market in 1885 at a valuation of £50,000, reconstructing the company in 1890 to raise £100,000, whilst retaining a controlling interest throughout. The "Financial News" was a major step forwards for British financial newspapers; it was the first London financial paper to publish on a daily basis, and pioneered a popular, Americanised, accessible style of writing that appealed both to the industry professionals and to small private investors. The "Financial News" was active at investigative reporting, exposing a number of fraudulent share schemes as well as playing a part in the corruption scandals that led to the downfall of the Metropolitan Board of Works in the late 1880s. As a result, it achieved a good reputation for integrity and honesty, widely respected among small investors. 
His contemporary Frank Harris later summed Marks up as a man of "few scruples and many interests"; nowhere was this more clear than the way in which he exploited his paper's reputation for his own commercial schemes. 
His first major fraudulent venture was the Rae-Transvaal Gold Mining Company, formed to cash in on a boom in South African mining stocks. Marks had bought a farm in the Transvaal for £10,000, promptly selling it on to a newly created shell company at a notional value of £50,000. He then floated it in January 1887, with the "Financial News" stoking up enthusiasm for the stock. As the stock prices inflated, helped by the paper publishing fictional values, Marks sold out; the company was wound up in May 1888, by which time it had become apparent the Rae mine - and the company itself - was worthless. In 1890 he sued two journalists for libel over a pamphlet exposing his involvement in the matter; after an eight-day trial in which Marks' less salubrious past was extensively debated, the jury held that the content of the pamphlet was true, and that publishing it was justified in the public interest; Marks was forced to pay costs.
Political career.
Marks's first political venture was in 1889, when he stood as a "Moderate" for election to the newly formed London County Council, in the East Marylebone district. Both seats in the district were won by the Moderate candidates, with Marks receiving 1,874 votes and Horace Farquhar 1,815; the nearest Progressive candidate, Sir Thomas Farrer, received 1,300. He was only a moderately active member, attending most council sessions but a substantially lower proportion of committees. He stood down from the LCC to contest the 1892 general election, where he was the Conservative candidate for Bethnal Green North East, running against the Liberal-Labour incumbent, George Howell. Howell won with a comfortable majority of almost six hundred, around 10% of the votes cast.
In the council elections of 1895 he was re-elected, to represent St George, Tower Hamlets; later that year, in the 1895 general election he contested the same constituency, narrowly defeating the Liberal John Williams Benn. His parliamentary election was marred by allegations of corrupt practices, though these were dismissed by a court. Marks stood down and did not contest the seat in the 1900 general election, but returned to the Commons in a 1904 by-election as the member for the Isle of Thanet. He defended the seat in the 1906 general election, but stood down for the second and final time in 1910, on grounds of ill health.
Later life.
Following a stroke in 1909, Marks handed over the editorship of the "Financial News" to Ellis Powell, but retained a controlling interest and the post of editor-in-chief. He and Powell frequently clashed over Marks's involvement in the daily running of the paper; Powell later claimed Marks had tried to sell his interest in the paper to a German agent in 1915, but it is unclear how accurate this claim was.
Marks died on 21 December 1916, due to complications arising from diabetes; he had suffered a stroke in 1909, and been in poor health since. His wife Annie had died earlier in the year, and he was survived by a son and a daughter, to whom he left an estate valued at £31,000.

</doc>
<doc id="30950311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950311" title="Cristian Canuhé">
Cristian Canuhé

Cristian Canuhé (born August 25, 1987, in Toay, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Atlético de Rafaela of the Argentine Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="30950335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950335" title="Everhard van Weede Dijkvelt">
Everhard van Weede Dijkvelt

Everard van Weede van Dijkvelt (1626, Utrecht – 6 June 1702, London) was a Dutch member of the Knighthood of Utrecht (city) and ambassador at the court of Charles II of England.
He was the son of Johan van Weede en Catharina de Cupere. In 1648, he accompanied Godard van Reede, heer van Nederhorst to help with the treaty negotiations at Munster. In the rampjaar 1672, he was sent to London to try to convince the English to desist from their support of the French, in which effort he was unsuccessful. In 1678, he went to Brussels to negotiate a peace treaty that was finally ratified in France in 1684. He died in London, and was buried in Utrecht 2 August 1702.

</doc>
<doc id="30950369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950369" title="Pensions in Germany">
Pensions in Germany

Pensions in Germany are based on a “three pillar system”.
Mandatory State Pension Provision.
The scheme is based on the Pay as you go (or redistributive) model. Funds paid in by contributors (employees and employers) are not saved (or invested) but are used to pay current pension obligations.
Civil servants in Germany do not pay any contributions themselves but their salaries are correspondingly lower than the private sector.
Recent changes to the system mean that from 2012 to 2023 the retirement age will be increased by one month per year reaching 66 in 2023. From 2023 the retirement age will be increased yearly by 2 months to reach 67 in 2029. Each missing year results in a 3.6% reduction in the pension entitlement.
The state scheme is financed by a payroll tax known as "social security contributions". The rate in 2012 is 19.6% of pay up to the social security contribution ceiling of € 67,200 (Western Bundesländer) and € 57,600 (Eastern Bundesländer). The amount is paid half and half by employer and employee contributions.
The amount paid to retirees is based on average salaries. The German pension insurance agency publishes the value of each year`s contribution (remuneration point). This is then multiplied the number of years contributed and the % of the average salary earned during the persons lifetime. The average pension in 2012 €1263.15 per month. The maximum pension for someone having earned twice the average salary (€64,200) would be €2526.30.
Voluntary Occupational Pension Provision.
The Voluntary Occupational Pension schemes (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge) were created under the Company Pensions Law (Betriebsrentengesetz) in 1974 and are a benefit granted by a company to its employees. Voluntary schemes can fall into different categories:
The schemes can be structured in various ways:
In 2009 contributions up to €2500 (Betriebsbemessungsgrenze) were tax free. A further €1800 in contributions to Direct Insurance schemes are tax free. About 50% of workers in Germany are covered by these schemes.
According to the Deutsches Institut für Zeitwertkonten und Pension Losungen, a consultancy, "in almost all firms, 30 to 50% of the capital required to meet the commitments made in days when the interest rates were higher is missing". The Germans have invested 500 billions euros in Voluntary Occupational Pension and 170 to 225 billions euros are needed to fill in the coverage gap.
Private Provision.
Private pension schemes in Germany are personal funded pensions. The funds are protected by law and cannot be seized by creditors or the state. They are also not inheritable. Payments into the funds benefit from a tax credit of €154 per year per adult and up to an additional €300 if the fund beneficiary has children. The most popular form of private pension provision is the so-called Riester-Pension. The annual cost to the state of the tax credits is 7 Bn€.

</doc>
<doc id="30950373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950373" title="James Walker (conductor)">
James Walker (conductor)

James Walker (9 April 1912 – 20 August 1988) was an Australian musician known both as a conductor of ballet and opera and as a recording producer supervising classical recording sessions.
As a conductor Walker was musical director of the International Ballet company from 1947 to 1953 and of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company from 1968 to 1971 in succession to Isidore Godfrey. For D'Oyly Carte he supervised and sometimes conducted recordings from the 1950s to the 1970s.
Before and after his years with D'Oyly Carte Walker was a producer for Decca Records, working with a large number of international artists including Benjamin Britten, Pierre Monteux, Renata Tebaldi, Herbert von Karajan and Vladimir Ashkenazy. Many of the 1950s and 1960s recordings produced by Walker have been transferred to CD and remain in the catalogues.
Biography.
Early years.
Walker was born in Ashfield, New South Wales. His musical talent became clear at an early age; when he was seven "The Sydney Morning Herald" printed an article headed "Child Wonder at Ashfield" reporting on a recital at which he performed on piano organ and violin. He was educated at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music and then at the Royal Academy of Music in London where some of his compositions were given public performances. At an Academy concert he played a movement of Rachmaninov's Third Piano Concerto under the baton of Sir Henry Wood, and was judged by "The Musical Times" to show great promise. By 1935, towards the end of his studies at the Academy, he had received three commendations for his piano performances and one for his quick study.
After leaving the Academy Walker worked as assistant to Ernest Irving, the musical director of Ealing Studios. In that capacity he supervised or conducted recording sessions, working with leading British composers including Ralph Vaughan Williams. During the Second World War Walker served in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve.
In the Christmas season of 1945-46 Walker made his professional London debut as conductor of "The Glass Slipper" "A Pantomime with Music Ballet and Harlequinade" by Herbert and Eleanor Farjeon at the St James's Theatre. In 1947 he was appointed musical director of the International Ballet company which played in London and on tour in Britain and continental Europe. Although ballet critics rarely mention conductors the critic in "The Manchester Guardian" singled Walker out for praise: "The timing of the orchestra under James Walker has also a large share in the pace and poise of the spectacle." Walker remained with the International Ballet until it disbanded in 1953. In the later days of the company Walker gave the young flautist Peter Andry the chance to conduct and later encouraged him to pursue a career as a record producer.
Decca and D'Oyly Carte.
In January 1953 Walker first worked as a recording producer for Decca Records supervising a set of Mozart violin sonatas that has long vanished from the catalogues. Within the year he was working alongside John Culshaw on Sir Adrian Boult's Vaughan Williams symphony cycle. These recordings have been reissued on CD as have many other mono Decca recordings produced by Walker, including Holst's "The Planets" conducted by Sir Malcolm Sargent, Alfredo Campoli's recording of Elgar's Violin Concerto and Britten's "Les Illuminations" sung by Peter Pears. Walker was co-producer of Decca's 1954 Vienna recording of "Der Rosenkavalier" conducted by Erich Kleiber, which has remained in the catalogues since its first issue.
In 1954 Walker produced Decca's first stereophonic recordings; they were of Russian works recorded in Geneva with the Suisse Romande Orchestra conducted by Ernest Ansermet. Walker was Decca's principal producer in Geneva for the rest of the 1950s. He also supervised sessions in Rome of operatic recordings starring Renata Tebaldi. Many of Walker's stereo recordings from the late 1950s have been reissued on CD, including Britten's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" conducted by the composer, Elgar's "Enigma Variations" conducted by Pierre Monteux (1958), Sir Thomas Beecham's extravagantly rescored "Messiah" (1959), and Boult's more scholarly recording of the same work (1961). With Culshaw, Walker produced Herbert von Karajan's 1959 recording of "Aida" featuring Tebaldi and Carlo Bergonzi.
Walker produced a series of Decca recordings of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas performed by the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company. These were "Princess Ida" in 1954, "The Pirates of Penzance" and "The Mikado" in 1957, "H.M.S. Pinafore" in 1959, "Iolanthe" and "The Gondoliers" in 1960, and "Cox and Box" and "Patience" in 1961. All these sets were conducted by the D'Oyly Carte company's long-serving musical director Isidore Godfrey. In 1961 Walker accepted Bridget D'Oyly Carte's invitation to leave Decca to become Godfrey's deputy musical director. He served in that capacity until Godfrey's retirement in 1968, when Walker took over as musical director. As one historian of the D'Oyly Carte company noted, "Godfrey left on a huge tide of affection and regret – and he was a hard act to follow". Walker nevertheless attracted good notices from the critics: "a fine degree of precision without any loss of spontaneity", although Walker was judged "less of a disciplinarian than Isidore Godfrey."
While with D'Oyly Carte Walker continued to produce some of the company's Decca recordings. During the same period as a conductor he directed a series of popular classical pieces recorded by Decca crews for "Reader's Digest'"s record label in 1962. This was followed in 1963 by a three disc set of excerpts from the Savoy operas also for "Reader's Digest" with D'Oyly Carte principals singing for contractual reasons roles that they did not normally sing on stage. These recordings were produced by Charles Gerhardt. In 1964 Walker conducted the D'Oyly Carte company and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in a soundtrack recording for an animated film of "Ruddigore" by Halas and Batchelor. In the same year Walker married Angela Lang a member of the D'Oyly Carte company's office staff.
After he became musical director of the D'Oyly Carte company Walker conducted a disc of 21 choruses from the Savoy operas (1969) and another of excerpts from the operas (1970), both of which he also produced. In 1971 he conducted a complete "H.M.S. Pinafore" for Decca but he was not the recording producer, and the close dry sound and prominent sound effects favoured by the new producer caused the set to be called "the most detested D'Oyly Carte recording of all time" and "an artistic disaster".
Later years.
In 1971 Walker resigned from the D'Oyly Carte company and returned to Decca, where for a time he concentrated on recordings of modern music, working with Pierre Boulez and others. He also produced many recordings of English music made by Decca on behalf of the independent Lyrita label. Among his 1970s recordings for the main Decca label were a large number of solo piano recordings with Vladimir Ashkenazy, and the complete Haydn piano sonatas played by John McCabe. When the D'Oyly Carte company under Walker's successor Royston Nash recorded for Decca in the 1970s Walker was not the producer, and the recorded sound was generally judged inferior to that obtained by Walker and his colleagues in the 1950s and 1960s. Walker's last recording sessions for Decca were in February 1985 with Ashkenazy in piano music by Chopin.
Walker died in Surrey aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="30950374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950374" title="4-H Shooting Sports Programs">
4-H Shooting Sports Programs

4-H in the United States is a youth organization administered by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), with the mission of "engaging youth to reach their fullest potential while advancing the field of youth development." The name represents four personal development areas of focus for the organization: head, heart, hands, and health.
The organization has over 6.5 million members in the United States, from ages eight to eighteen, in approximately 90,000 clubs. Clubs and related organizations now exist in many other countries as well; the organization and administration varies from country to country.
The goal of 4-H is to develop citizenship, leadership, and life skills of youth through mostly experiential learning programs. Though typically thought of as an agriculturally focused organization as a result of its history, 4-H today focuses on citizenship, healthy living, science, engineering, and technology programs.
Today, 4-H and related programs exist in over 80 countries around the world. Each of these programs operates independently, but cooperatively through international exchanges, global education programs, and communications.
The 4-H motto is "To make the best better", while its slogan is "Learn by doing" (sometimes written as "Learn to do by doing").
Mission.
The focus of all 4-H programs is the development of youth as individuals and as responsible and productive citizens. The National 4-H Shooting Sports Program stands out as an example. Youth learn marksmanship, the safe and responsible use of firearms, the principles of hunting and archery, and much more. The activities of the program and the support of caring adult leaders provide young people with opportunities to develop life skills, self-worth, and conservation ethics.
Training and Volunteerism.
4-H shooting sports programs are run by trained and certified volunteers. Any adult over the age of 18 may become a certified volunteer to run or assist in a shooting sports program. Youth over the age of 16 may be certified to participate as a Youth Leader.
To begin a 4-H shooting sports program, an adult contacts their cooperative extension service to locate a training program in their area to get certified. Training programs are often weekend events staffed by unpaid volunteers. Room and board are often provided and included in the cost for the training which is nominal. The weekend program is divided into multiple segments. The core of the program is youth development. The first part of the program, a volunteer must demonstrate proficiency to his or her instructor within the chosen discipline. This is followed by training in youth development. Students then divide up and demonstrate their training skills by training other students and receive their certificates. To run a program all volunteers must register and participate in orientation with their Extension Educator.
Youth Development.
Students from 8 to 18 are welcome to participate. Age is less important than maturity, the ability to follow rules, and the motor skills to handle a firearm or bow safely.
The 4-H slogan is "Learn by doing". Students are given a period of classroom training followed by hands on training. As students develop skills they are encouraged to assist younger students as coaches. This allows students to develop skills and confidence leading to true self-esteem. Not all students will excel academically nor will they excel athletically, shooting sports is one area where size, physical strength and memorization skills are not necessary to achieve excellence.
Venues.
While 4-H provides the education, training, and support to start a program, many programs are run and financed through local gun clubs. Gun clubs often provide ranges, rifles, bows, targets, arrows and ammunition for the program. Many clubs are looking for qualified people to run a youth shooting sports program.
Safety.
Safe handling of bows and firearms is a primary concern of 4-H shooting sports. Students are drilled in safe handling procedures and are encouraged to develop at their own pace.
4-H shooting sports programs are among the safest programs run by 4-H. Insurance costs for shooting sports are among the lowest of all 4-H programs. The only other program with insurance costs as low as shooting sports is sewing.

</doc>
<doc id="30950412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950412" title="Chronostasis">
Chronostasis

Chronostasis (from Greek χρόνος, chrónos, "time" and στάσις, stásis, "standing") is a type of temporal illusion in which the first impression following the introduction of a new event or task demand to the brain appears to be extended in time. For example, chronostasis temporarily occurs when fixating on a target stimulus, immediately following a saccade (e.g., quick eye movement). This elicits an overestimation in the temporal duration for which that target stimulus (i.e., postsaccadic stimulus) was perceived. This effect can extend apparent durations by up to 500 ms and is consistent with the idea that the visual system models events prior to perception.
The most well-known version of this illusion is known as the stopped-clock illusion, wherein a subject's first impression of the second-hand movement of an analog clock, subsequent to one's directed attention (i.e., saccade) to the clock, is the perception of a slower-than-normal second-hand movement rate (the seconds hand of the clock may seemingly temporarily freeze in place shortly after initially looking at it).
This illusion can also occur in the auditory and tactile domain. For instance, a study suggests that when someone listens to a ringing tone through a telephone, while repetitively switching the receiver from one ear to the other, it causes the caller to overestimate the temporal duration between rings.
Mechanism of action.
Overall, chronostasis occurs as a result of a disconnect in the communication between visual sensation and perception. Sensation, information collected from our eyes, is usually directly interpreted to create our perception. This perception is the collection of information that we consciously interpret from visual information. However, quick eye movements known as saccades disrupt this flow of information. Because research into the neurology associated with visual processing is ongoing, there is renewed debate regarding the exact timing of changes in perception that lead to chronostasis. However, below is a description of the general series of events that lead to chronostasis, using the example of a student looking up from his desk toward a clock in the classroom.
In studying chronostasis and its underlying causes, there is potential bias in the experimental setting. In many experiments, participants are asked to perform some sort of task corresponding to sensory stimuli. This could cause the participants to anticipate stimuli, thus leading to bias. Also, many mechanisms involved in chronostasis are complex and difficult to measure. It is difficult for experimenters to observe the perceptive experiences of participants without "being inside their mind."
Modulating factors.
Because of its complexity, there are various characteristics of stimuli and physiological actions that can alter the way one experiences chronostasis.
Saccadic amplitude.
The greater the amplitude (or duration) of a saccade, the more severe the resulting overestimation. The further the student in the above example's eyes must travel in order to reach the clock, the more dramatic his perception of chronostasis. This connection supports the assertion that overestimation occurs in order to fill in the length of time omitted by saccadic masking. This would mean that, if the saccade lasted for a longer period of time, there would be more time that needed to be filled in with overestimation.
Attention redirection.
When shifting focus from one object to a second object, the saccadic movement of one’s eyes is also accompanied by a conscious shift of attention. In the context of the stopped clock illusion, not only do your eyes move, but you also shift your attention to the clock. This led researchers to question whether the movement of the eyes or simply the shift of the observer’s attention towards the second stimulus initiated saccadic masking. Experiments in which subjects diverted only their attention without moving their eyes revealed that the redirection of attention alone was not enough to initiate chronostasis. This suggests that attention is not the time marker used when perception is filled back in. Rather, the physical movement of the eyes themselves serves as this critical marker. However, this relationship between attention and perception in the context of chronostasis is often difficult to measure and may be biased in a laboratory setting. Because subjects may be biased as they are instructed to perform actions or to redirect their attention, the concept of attention serving as a critical time marker for chronostasis may not be entirely dismissed.
Spatial continuity.
Following investigation, one may wonder if chronostasis still occurs if the saccadic target is moving. In other words, would you still experience chronostasis if the clock you looked at were moving? Through experimentation, researchers found that the occurrence of chronostasis in the presence of a moving stimulus was dependent on the awareness of the subject. If the subject were aware that the saccadic target was moving, they would not experience chronostasis. Conversely, if the subject were not aware of the saccadic target’s movement, they did experience chronostasis. This is likely because antedating does not occur in the case of a consciously moving target. If, after the saccade, the eye correctly falls on the target, the brain assumes this target has been at this location throughout the saccade. If the target changes position during the saccade, the interruption of spatial continuity makes the target appear novel.
Stimulus properties.
Properties of stimuli themselves have shown to have significant effects on the occurrence of chronostasis. In particular, the frequency and pattern of stimuli affect the observer’s perception of chronostasis. In regard to frequency, the occurrence of many, similar events can exaggerate duration overestimation and makes the effects of chronostasis more severe. In regard to repetition, repetitive stimuli appear to be of shorter subjective duration than novel stimuli. This is due to neural suppression within the cortex. Investigation using various imaging techniques has shown that repetitive firing of the same cortical neurons cause them to be suppressed over time. This occurs as a form of neural adaptation.
Sensory domain.
The occurrence of chronostasis extends beyond the visual domain into the auditory and tactile domains. In the auditory domain, chronostasis and duration overestimation occur when observing auditory stimuli. One common example is a frequent occurrence when making telephone calls. If, while listening to the phone's dial tone, research subjects move the phone from one ear to the other, the length of time between rings appears longer. In the tactile domain, chronostasis has persisted in research subjects as they reach for and grasp objects. After grasping a new object, subjects overestimate the time in which their hand has been in contact with this object. In other experiments, subjects turning a light on with a button were conditioned to experience the light before the button press. This suggests that, much in the same way subjects overestimate the duration of the second hand as they watch it, they may also overestimate the duration of auditory and tactile stimuli. This has led researchers to investigate the possibility that a common timing mechanism or temporal duration scheme is used for temporal perception of stimuli across a variety of sensory domains.

</doc>
<doc id="30950413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950413" title="Rao Gopal Dev">
Rao Gopal Dev

Rao Gopal Dev was a nineteenth-century revolutionary leader in Rewari, India, who had allied himself with his cousin, Rao Tula Ram, during the Indian Rebellion of 1857.
Now there is Rao Gopal Dev chowk is situated at Rewari, where Narnaul and Mahendergarh road are departed from the chowk and a statue of him have been built in his memory and inaugurated by the Haryana Chief Minister on 16 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30950416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950416" title="Stranger Things">
Stranger Things


</doc>
<doc id="30950428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950428" title="Domingo Zalazar">
Domingo Zalazar

Domingo Omar Zalazar (born 10 August 1986) is an Argentine professional footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Audax Italiano as striker.

</doc>
<doc id="30950443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950443" title="Progress Stadium">
Progress Stadium

Progress stadium is the home of Uzbek League team Qizilqum Zarafshon.

</doc>
<doc id="30950460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950460" title="Ignacio Rodríguez Galván">
Ignacio Rodríguez Galván

Ignacio Rodríguez Galván is considered to be first Mexican Romantic writer. He was born in Tizayuca, Hidalgo, Mexico in 1816 and died in Havana, Cuba in 1842 at age 26 from yellow fever. During his short life, much of his poetry and plays were concerned with the political situation in Mexico and include works such as Profecía de Guatimoc, Al baile del señor Presidente, Adiós, oh patria mía and La gota de hiel. He also founded a newspaper called Año Nuevo, writing for it as well.

</doc>
<doc id="30950463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950463" title="CME Group Tour Championship">
CME Group Tour Championship

The CME Group Tour Championship is a women's professional golf tournament, the season-ending event on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour. It succeeds the LPGA Tour Championship, which was played for two seasons in 2009 and 2010. The tournament debuted as the CME Group Titleholders in November 2011 at Grand Cypress Golf Club in Orlando, Florida, which also hosted the 2010 LPGA Tour Championship. In 2012, the tournament was played at the The TwinEagles Club, Eagle Course in Naples, Florida.
The title sponsor is the CME Group, a financial securities corporation based in Chicago. LPGA Commissioner Michael Whan announced on March 7, 2011, that CME had signed a three-year contract to sponsor the tournament. CME had previous experience hosting pro-am events with LPGA players.
The 2011 winner earned $500,000, a full one-third of the $1.5 million purse. The first-place money was the second-most in women's golf, exceeded only by the U.S. Women's Open. Most events on the LPGA Tour have a standard schedule for distribution of the purse, with a winner's share of 15%. The 2010 LPGA Tour Championship had the same purse of $1.5 million, with a winner's share of $225,000; it was a 120-player event with cuts after 36 and 54 holes.
In 2014, the tournament changed its name to the CME Group Tour Championship as the LPGA Tour introduced a season-long points race, the "Race to the CME Globe", and a $1 million bonus.

</doc>
<doc id="30950479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950479" title="Aqib Khan">
Aqib Khan

Aqib Khan (; born 24 August 1994) is an English actor of Pakistani descent.
Career.
Khan had his screen debut in the 2010 film "West Is West", the sequel to the 1999 film "East Is East". He was fifteen years old when he auditioned. and was sixteen years old and sixth form Khan had done only one school play when younger and had no other acting experience when cast. He was considered "something of a find" for the film due to his resemblance to actor Jordan Routledge who played the role of Sajid in the original film. Of his performance, "Belfast Telegraph" wrote that Khan "has revealed he already had a strong connection to the character of Sajid Khan before he was cast in the sequel to hit comedy "Halwa"," "RTE" wrote "Newcomer Aqib Khan is superb as the cheeky, angst-ridden teen, and his change of heart plays out convincingly", "The Scotsman" wrote "as Sajid, young Aqib Khan has enough natural charm and confidence to make him an endearing scene-stealer." and "National Post" wote "newbie Aqib Khan fits perfectly."
Personal life.
Khan was born in City of Bradford, England and is of Pakistani descent. He has a younger sister Aroosh Khan (born 20 September 2008) and two other sisters. Khan was born to Pakistani and Pushto speaking parents and his pink ancestors were from Attock, Pakistan. He has stated he is from the alizai tribe. Khan is multilingual, and can speak English, Urdu, Hindi and Pashto. Khan is one of the One Direction member's close friend, Zayn Malik.

</doc>
<doc id="30950491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950491" title="Healthcare Professionals for Healthcare Reform">
Healthcare Professionals for Healthcare Reform

Healthcare Professionals for Healthcare Reform (HPfHR), is group of physicians, nurses, public health experts, healthcare economists, health information technologists, business leaders, hospital administrators, politicians, patients and many others who developed a 3 tiered healthcare system reform plan for the United States called The EMBRACE Healthcare Reform Plan (an acronym for Expanding Medical and Behavioral Resources with Access to Care for Everyone). The group claims that they are politically non-partisan.
History.
Co-founded by physicians Kimberly Yonkers, Charles Landau and Gilead Lancaster in 2007, the group initially wanted to come up with solutions to the current healthcare system from the point of view of the patient and doctor. They felt that the only effective solution required a complete restructuring of the healthcare system from top to bottom and that systems from other countries as well as single payer plans proposed in this country would never be accepted by the American public or the US Congress.
The group identified five important parts of the American healthcare system that needed to be addressed. These included the inefficiencies in medical offices and hospitals, the need to cover the entire population for basic healthcare services and keep the great quality of the current delivery of healthcare, promote and integrate scientifically validated diagnostic and therapeutic modalities and most importantly, to depoliticize healthcare and allow for a more manageable way to finance it. In addition, it was important that the plan was completely portable throughout the country and did not depend on income, age or employment status.
The group started with an evidence-guided tiered system of healthcare delivery based on the question, “why can’t we build a healthcare system that covers everyone for life saving or death preventing services, and allows them to ‘buy up’ to higher levels of coverage if they want it.
The plan continued to develop, as the group grew and attracted people of many disciplines involved in the healthcare system. As the distance between members grew, discussions were mostly conducted by email, blog posts and telephone. Among the many issues that were discussed during this time, many felt that the plan should have a catchy name. Several proposals for names were submitted and the group voted for Dr, Kimberly Yonkers’ contribution: The Expanding Medical and Behavioral Resources with Access to Care for Everyone (EMBRACE) Health Plan.
In beginning of 2008, with most of the elements of the plan now shaping up, the group began to discuss how to make the plan public. It was felt by most of the members that it should attempt to involve the medical community, and so it should be handled as other medical information- through a prominent medical journal. A writing group was assembled that covered expertise in a spectrum of issues including preventative medicine, public health, medical informatics and business administration.
Publication of the EMBRACE healthcare system reform plan.
Since most of the principles of the EMBRACE plan were similar at the time to those declared by the president of the American College of Physicians (ACP), the manuscript was submitted to the Annals of Internal Medicine, the ACP’s medical journal. It was rejected because it was not considered a suitable subject for the medical journal. The manuscript was subsequently rejected by 2 other journals for similar reasons. The group now began discussing publishing EMBRACE in non-medical journals, especially ‘health policy’ journals that may be more receptive to the subject matter, but may have very few doctors reading the plan. Just as the group was ready to submit the manuscript to such a journal, the Annals of Internal Medicine contacted the group and asked it to resubmit a substantially shorter version of the manuscript (half the original size).
After going for peer review and some modifications, the final manuscript was accepted in November 2008, put online in early March and published on April 7th 2009. In the accompanying editorial, the editors explained that HPfHR is one of the groups that ‘are actively thinking about the issue’, and invited their readers to join in the healthcare reform debate.
The Annals received and subsequently published 4 letters from readers about EMBRACE in the November 3, 2009 issue of the journal, along with a response from members of HPfHR.
EMBRACE after PPACA.
The full publication of EMBRACE came too late for the debate on healthcare insurance reform in the 111th Congress that eventually led to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA); and in the ensuing storm that developed around this new legislation, any discussion about the EMBRACE plan was drowned out.

</doc>
<doc id="30950505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950505" title="St Lawrence Church, Winchester">
St Lawrence Church, Winchester

St Lawrence Church is a town church, just off the High Street, in Winchester, England. It is probably of Norman origin, and is said to have been the chapel of William the Conqueror's palace (built 1069-70, destroyed 1141). The church is now almost wholly surrounded by adjacent buildings. It is recorded as being restored in 1475-7, in 1672 (the present roof dates from this restoration), 1847-8, 1881, and 1979-80.
St Lawrence Church is a Grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="30950518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950518" title="Colin Boag">
Colin Boag

Major General Colin James Boag, is a senior British Army officer.
Boag graduated from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and was commissioned at the rank of second lieutenant in the Corps of Royal Engineers on 6 August 1983, with seniority from 3 May 1981, and immediately promoted to lieutenant, with seniority from 3 May 1983. He was promoted to captain on 3 November 1987 and attained field officer status with promotion to major on 30 September 1991. 
Having served in the Balkans in 1995, Boag was awarded the Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service, in recognition of "gallant and distinguished services in the former Republic of Yugoslavia" in 1996. Boag was promoted to lieutenant colonel in June 1997, colonel in June 2001 and to brigadier, the British Army's highest field officer rank, on 31 December 2003. Boag was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2006 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Boag attained general officer status with promotion to the substantive rank of major general on 25 January 2008, whereupon he assumed the appointment of Headquarters Land Command/Headquarters Adjutant General's Command Collocation Programme Team Leader. He was awarded the American Legion of Merit (Degree of Officer), "in recognition of gallant and distinguished services during coalition operations in Iraq", in March 2008 and granted unrestricted permission to wear the decoration on his uniform.
In 2010, Boag served as Chief of Staff to the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) Joint Command, in which capacity he gave a lecture to personnel at Headquarters Allied Rapid Reaction Corps, who were preparing for deployment to Afghanistan. He became General Officer Commanding Support Command at Aldershot in 2011.
Boag was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 2013 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="30950562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950562" title="Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University">
Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University

Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (KVASU) is a university established by the Government of Kerala in December 2010 to further education, research and extension services in the field of Veterinary and Animal Sciences. The territorial jurisdiction of the university extends to the whole of the State of Kerala. Its headquarters is located at Pookode in Wayanad District in Kerala State. There are three constituent colleges to the university:
College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences at Mannuthy, College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences at Pookot and College of Dairy Science and Technology at Mannuthy. Dr B Ashok, an alumnus of College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences at Mannuthy, is the first Vice-Chancellor of the University.
The foundation stone-laying ceremony of the administrative block of the university was held on 2 August 2010 by V.S. Achuthanandan, Chief Minister of Kerala.
One-time grant of Rs.100 crore to KVASU.
The newly formed Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University has been allocated an amount of Rs. 100 crore in the Union Budget for 2011-12. This is a one-time grant for the development of the potential in veterinary and animal sciences research in the new University. The grant is to be used for developing eight research schools in the veterinary colleges at Mannuthy and Pookode and the dairy science college at Mannuthy: animal production biotechnology; bio-energy and farm waste management; zoonoses and public health; patho-biological sciences and ethno-pharmacology; new media and research; avian sciences; and instrumentation and engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="30950596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950596" title="List of Deputy Chairmen of the State Duma">
List of Deputy Chairmen of the State Duma

Below is a list of office-holders:

</doc>
<doc id="30950603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950603" title="Australian Protectionist Party">
Australian Protectionist Party

The Australian Protectionist Party is a minor Australian political party with Protectionist and Nationalist policies.
Ideology.
The policies of the Australian Protectionist Party (APP) focus on economic protectionism, and social conservatism The APP opposes multiculturalism saying it is "ruining Australia."
Registered as a federal political party with the Australian Electoral Commission on 18 January 2011, the Australian Protectionist Party opposes refugees and asylum seekers and often participates in rallies such as the one outside the Villawood Immigration Detention Centre. Since inception, the Australian Protectionist Party has been active in protesting against the presence of asylum seekers and Muslims, and has also organised several protests against Sharia law being implemented in Australia.
History.
In April 2007 Darrin Hodges, chairman of the Sutherland Shire branch, was expelled from the far right Australia First Party due to disagreements with other party members. Hodges went on to co-found the Australian Protectionist Party.
In 2011, members of the group joined the defence against actions by Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions protesters targeting a store of the Max Brenner chocolate chain. The chain is owned by the Strauss Group, Israel's second-largest food and beverage conglomerate, which opponents say supports the Israeli Defence Force.
On Saturday 23 June 2012, the APP held what they described as a "counter protest" to a pro-refugee celebration day by the "Walk Together" group.
The party has been involved in Glenn Druery's Minor Party Alliance.
Electoral performance.
Darrin Hodges ran unsuccessfully as a candidate in the 2008 Sutherland Shire Council elections, coming last in his ward. Hodges ran again unsuccessfully as a candidate for the Senate in the 2010 Australian federal election. Hodges had to run as an independent as his party was not registered in time and his ticket received 1,501 votes (0.03%).
In September 2012, NSW spokesman Nick Folkes was also unsuccessful when he contested the NSW council elections for the Municipality of Leichhardt and received 0.6% of the total vote for the ward.
In the Australian federal election, 2013 for the Senate in NSW, the Party received 2,424 votes or 0.06% of the vote. 

</doc>
<doc id="30950611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950611" title="2011 Volkswagen Challenger – Doubles">
2011 Volkswagen Challenger – Doubles

Travis Rettenmaier and Ken Skupski were the defending champions from the last edition of the tournament in 2009. They chose not to participate this year.
Matthias Bachinger and Simon Stadler defeated Dominik Meffert and Frederik Nielsen 3–6, 7–6(3), [10–7] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30950630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950630" title="Geoffrey Bagley">
Geoffrey Bagley

Geoffrey Spink Bagley (3 November 1901 – 1992) was an English artist, museum curator, politician, historian and writer.
In 1942 the Wartime Information Board and the National Film Board of Canada hired Bagley as a graphic artist. He created wartime propaganda and recruitment posters for the Royal Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="30950637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950637" title="Vavuniya Muslim Maha Vidyalayam">
Vavuniya Muslim Maha Vidyalayam

Vavuniya Muslim Maha Vidyalayam is a national school in Vavuniya, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="30950638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950638" title="Intypedia">
Intypedia

Intypedia is an educational non-profit project developed by the Technical University of Madrid. It’s a visual encyclopedia on information security. The aim of this Project is to spread knowledge of this topic through a series of videos created by renowned experts, while using a language that is accessible to a broad audience. The encyclopedia covers subjects like cryptography, network security, malware, Internet security, information security management systems (ISMS), risk management, etc.
History of the Project.
The development of the so-called Information Society has changed the way people interact with each other and the way they see the reality that surrounds them. Multimedia technologies have become a great medium not only for entertainment and leisure, but also for developing and spreading knowledge and culture. 
However, it wasn’t easy to find quality multimedia information created by experts on subjects related to information security. Furthermore, the little videos that could be found online in 2009 on channels such as YouTube, for example, didn’t meet the philosophy of a continuous project following a teaching method. There were only videos of conferences or presentations on information security by different speakers, without a storyline that would allow the correct online education on information security.
The Intypedia project emerges in 2010 to fulfil this need in the new era of non-profit online teaching.
The name Intypedia was chosen because it is a portmanteau of Information Security Encyclopedia and because in 2010 there weren’t any results for Intypedia in any of the popular search engines (Google, Yahoo! and Bing). This would allow the correct tracking of the project’s online circulation.
In order for Intypedia to reach a broader audience, it uses the YouTube video channel of the Technical University of Madrid, social networks and the Thematic Network on Cryptography and Information Security: CRIPTORED. Since 1999, this network has been offering thousands of free distribution documents about security. In fact, Intypedia is a project within this thematic network.
Intypedia was made public in late September 2010, with the collaboration of important Spanish blogs and websites on security. It received a great response and the first videos were among the most seen on the Spanish EDU channel on YouTube. During the first three months, it was played 25000 times, which is a high amount amongst educational videos.
Origin.
In 2009, Jorge Ramió Aguirre, professor at the Technical University of Madrid and director of the Intypedia Project, along with Professor Ángeles Mahillo García, realise the need to create educational videos for the subject they teach at the university: Basics of Information Security. This is a core subject in today’s technological society and there wasn’t an adequate offer in multimedia information.
For this reason, they decide to create a visual encyclopedia containing lessons in the format of 12 minute videos. The content of these educational videos would be elaborated by prestigious experts in information security.
The video scripts are written so that the lessons can be understood not only by security experts, but also by university students and general Internet users. In this way, the quality and clarity of the contents are an added value to the project.
Two animated characters, Alice and Bob -named after the placeholder names used for archetypal characters in fields such as cryptography and physics- are in charge of presenting the lesson in each video. Along with the video, each lesson will come with three extra documents available for downloading from the project’s website: the script of the video, a slideshow with additional information on the subject and a document with exercises or questions to use for self-assessment.
Both characters have a fluid conversation in each video, giving basic information to one other and answering each other’s questions regarding the topic that is being presented. All of this takes place in the virtual space of the Intypedia library.
Production Team.
At the beginning of 2010, Professor Jorge Ramió asks Alfonso Muñoz, PhD in Telecommunications, to plan and design the technical aspects of this educational project. After several months of work the final team is decided:
Director of the project: Dr. Jorge Ramió Aguirre (Technical University of Madrid)
Technical Director: Dr. Alfonso Muñoz Muñoz (Technical University of Madrid)
Web design and Programming: Miguel Luis González, Telecommunications Technical Engineer
Graphic Design and Infographics: Ángel Castillo. r3b0rn Video&Design Studio. http://r3b0rn.es
Translation: Dalia Puertas, B.A. in Translation and Interpreting. http://www.daliapuertas.com
This team produces an educational video each month, in English and in Spanish. After six months of work, Intypedia was launched on the 27th of September 2010 with the presentation video and the first lesson.
Video Creation Process.
Each video takes about a month to create and the costs are covered thanks to the sponsorship of the company GMV and
others like ESET. The creation process of each video is as follows:
1. An expert is asked to elaborate a script on a certain subject related to information security. Response time: indefinite – parallel work. The author sends the proposed script along with the slideshow and exercises.
2. Once the script is received, it is adapted for the Intypedia video format. Editors: Jorge Ramió and Alfonso Muñoz.
3. Feedback is sent to the author so they can accept the technical changes to the script.
4. The script is recorded in Spanish by broadcasters from CIFP José Luis Garci. http://www.cifpjoseluisgarci.com/
5. The wav audio files are adapted and sent to Infographics. Production: Alfonso Muñoz.
6. The script is animated and the video is created. Time: 2 to 3 weeks. Infographics: Ángel Castillo.
7. The script, slideshow and exercises are translated into English. Translator: Dalia Puertas.
8. The English audio is created in wav. Software: Natural Reader 9.0. Production: Alfonso Muñoz.
9. The Spanish video is received, viewed and edited. Time: from a couple of days to one week. Editors: Jorge Ramió and Alfonso Muñoz.
10. The script, slideshow and exercises are adapted to the Intypedia format to create the pdf documents available for downloading from the web. Jorge Ramió and Alfonso Muñoz.
11. The Spanish video is published on the Intypedia website. Total estimated time: 1 month.
12. The website is updated in Spanish. Programmer: Alfonso Muñoz.
13. The Spanish video is adapted to the English audio. Time: 1 week. Infographics: Ángel Castillo.
14. The English script, slideshow and exercises are adapted to the Intypedia format to create the pdf documents available for downloading from the web. Jorge Ramió and Alfonso Muñoz.
15. The English video is published on the Intypedia website. Total estimated time: two weeks after the Spanish video.
16. The website is updated in English. Programmer: Alfonso Muñoz.
Lessons.
Lesson 0: Presentation of intypedia. 6.16 minutes. Author: PhD. Jorge Ramió Aguirre, Technical University of Madrid (UPM), Spain.
Lesson 1: History of cryptography and its early stages in Europe. 11:54 minutes. Author: PhD. Arturo Ribagorda Garnacho, UC3M, Spain.
Lesson 2: Introduction to symmetric-key cryptography. 11:03 minutes. Author: PhD. Fausto Montoya Vitini, CSIC, Spain.
Lesson 3: Public-key cryptography. 11:32 minutes. Author: PhD. Gonzalo Álvarez Marañón, Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, Spain.
Lesson 4: Introduction to network security. 15:12 minutes. Author: PhD. Justo Carracedo Gallardo. Technical University of Madrid (UPM), Spain.
Lesson 5. Network perimeter security. 14:13 minutes. Author: Alejandro Ramos Fraile. SIA, Spain.
Lesson 6. Malware. 13:26 minutes. Author: Bernardo Quintero. Hispasec, Spain
Lesson 7. Web application security. 15:46 minutes. Author: Chema Alonso. Informática 64, Spain
Lesson 8. Secret sharing protocol. 14:46 minutes. Author: PhD. Luis Henández Encinas. Spanish Scientific Research Council, Madrid. Spain
Lesson 9. Introduction to the SSL protocol. 17:16 minutes. Author: PhD Alfonso Muñoz Muñoz. Technical University of Madrid. Spain
Lesson 10. Attacks to the SSL protocol. 17:11 minutes. Author: Luciano Bello and Alfonso Muñoz. Technical University of Madrid. Spain
Lesson 11. Risk Analysis and Management. 15:21 minutes. Author: José Antonio Mañas. Technical University of Madrid. Spain
Lesson 12. Wi-Fi networks security. 18:34 minutes. Author: Raúl Siles. Taddong. Madrid, Spain.
Lesson 13. Security in DNS. 16:37 minutes. Author: Javier Osuna García-Malo de Molina. GMV. Madrid, Spain
Lesson 14. One-way and hash functions. 15:04 minutes. Author: Dr. Hugo Krawczyk. IBM, EEUU
References.
1. http://www.intypedia.com/?lang=en
2. http://isc.sans.edu/diary.html?storyid=9799
3. http://www.securitytube.net/Intypedia-(Information-Security-Encyclopedia)-video.aspx

</doc>
<doc id="30950642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950642" title="List of Ambassadors from Austria-Hungary to the United Kingdom">
List of Ambassadors from Austria-Hungary to the United Kingdom

This is a list of the heads of mission from the Austrian Empire, later Austria-Hungary, to the Court of St James's in London.

</doc>
<doc id="30950649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950649" title="Stone Canyon Reservoir">
Stone Canyon Reservoir

Stone Canyon Reservoir and Upper Stone Canyon Reservoir are adjoining reservoirs in the Westside district of Los Angeles, California, located in the neighborhood of Bel Air. Situated in the Santa Monica hills at above sea level, it lies south off Mulholland Drive and west of North Beverly Glen Boulevard. The main reservoir is the Stone Canyon Reservoir with the much smaller, cone-shaped Upper Stone Canyon Reservoir adjoining it to the north. The two reservoirs supply the Westside water subsystem, including service to around 400,000 people in Pacific Palisades, the Santa Monica Mountains, and West Los Angeles.
History.
It was established in 1952 for a total of around $9 million. Construction was partly funded by the California Department of Transportation Environmental Enhancement and Mitigation Grant Program. Taking advantage of the natural terrain, an inclined tower was built that eliminated the need for an access bridge and reduced the unit bearing load. A somewhat unusual change in radon level began at the canyon in 1984, possibly a result of a reservoir level change.
At least part of the lower reservoir expansion included asphalt linings. Some of the landslides at the upper reservoir were caused by undercut grading. To compact the area brush and reduce the height of the flammable materials, heavy drums were filled with water and then rolled up and down the slopes. Proposed 2004 system changes included removing the reservoir from normal operating service, and retaining it for emergency storage only.
Project features.
The Stone Canyon Reservoir is a complex of two reservoirs, namely, the Stone Canyon Reservoir (also known as the Lower Reservoir) at and the Upper Stone Canyon Reservoir at . The elevation of the Lower Reservoir is at full reservoir level and at maximum water level. Both reservoirs, with open surface, when built stored treated drinking water. This enabled surface water runoff to flow into the reservoir. However, this also resulted in contamination of the water.
The reservoirs are owned by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. The main reservoir is the Stone Canyon Reservoir which is the Lower Reservoir (to the south of the Upper Reservoir) was built first in early 1920 with local construction material of earth fill materials, which were generally placed hydraulically on a combination of liquefiable alluvium and bed rock foundation. A few years after commissioning, the earth fill structure started leaking heavily. Efforts made to plug the leakage were unsuccessful and the authorities decided to partly rebuild the dam. In the mid 1950s, the upstream part of the dam was rebuilt as a roller compacted backfill founded on rock, while the downstream part remained unchanged. The rehabilitation work was completed in 1956. The high dam was examined from the safety considerations to with stand seismic factors. Seismic studies were carried out in 2002 and the conclusion was that the Lower Stone Canyon Dam could be "operated safely with the reservoir level at its design elevation of ."
The Lower Reservoir is in an irregular shape with a shore line of and surface area of . The 70 ton water treatment plant commissioned in January 1952 is located downstream. The intake was designed as an inclined tower to maximize the natural site conditions which enabled the design of the tower to be based on the unit weight factor.
However, as the reservoirs were of open surface type they did not conform to the prescribed water quality standards for potable water. The Federal and State Surface Water Treatment Rules stipulated that the rules prescribed that covering of all smaller reservoirs and building of filtration plants at all large ones was essential. The authorities connected with the Lower Stone Reservoir were directed by the Department to build a filtration plant facility below the dam, in a area within of Stone Canyon Road residences.
In the studies conducted in 1991 on the quality of the water stored in the two surface reservoirs it was concluded that the water stored had high turbidity values (about 1 NTU which was more than the standard acceptable value of 0.5 NTU) as it received surface water inflows from the catchment of the reservoir. It was also noted that the coliform bacteria level was also higher than the upper reservoir. High algae count was also reported during the summer season. Further, the average THM value measured was a high of 24 µg/L. These aspects of deteriorating water quality of the two surface reservoirs necessitated provision of water treatment plant (filtration plant).
However, following the Federal and State Government directives, a membrane filtration and pumping facility was built at an estimated cost of $65 to 70 million to supply of water per day to serve 400,000 customers. The filtration cum pumping facility was built partially as an underground structure in the shape of an amoeba, with a flat landscaped roof without windows. A security fence was also built around the facility.
Decommissioning of Lower Stone Canyon Reservoir.
Planning for further improvement in treatment and supply facility was undertaken in 2004. This was to ensure removal of potential contaminants from the Lower Stone Canyon Reservoir water. This was proposed to conform to the safe drinking water standards through a microfiltration plant that would treat the surface water through membrane filtration along with chemical disinfection before it entered the distribution system. This new plant also provided for fully automated remote operation. This plant was located in a valley on the left abutment of Lower Stone Canyon Dam near the existing reservoir outlet. All visible elements were Architectural aesthetics ensured adoption of existing trees with its precincts and acoustics of operation ensuring an ambient noise level of not more than 30 decibels. The project titled “The Stone Canyon Water Quality Improvement Project” was undertaken by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power with allocation of $75 million. The project construction was started in 2004 and completed by the end of 2007. Along with this project, the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power also undertook an upgrade of the security and safety of the city’s water system at a cost of $132 million spent over a five-year period. This security initiative was an outcome of the terrorist attacks of 9/11.
After the upgrade of the water treatment and supply facility, the Lower Stone Reservoir is not in use except in emergent situations. The unique feature of this project is that a 63 inches diameter bypass HDPE pipeline is laid over a length of . Half of this length is submerged below the surface of the lower reservoir bypassing it from where the treated water is directly supplied to the customers from the Los Angeles Aqueduct Filtration Plant in Sylmar.
The lower reservoir has a capacity of of water while the upper reservoir has capacity to store of water. However, the upper reservoir has been built with sufficient safeguards against surface runoff by way of boundary channels which is not the case in the lower reservoir. Moreover, the lower Stone Canyon reservoir no longer feeds the customers directly.
The reservoirs are subject to flash floods, when they are put out of service during the period of the flood. In case of 100 year storm rainfall, the Upper Stone Canyon Reservoir spills to the lower reservoir where it is taken through the filtration process before supplying to the customers.
Decommissioning of the Upper Stone Canyon Reservoir.
A proposal to replace the existing Upper Stone Canyon Reservoir is under active consideration. The proposal is to replace the surface reservoir with three underground reservoirs beneath it to store of water. The underground structures are proposed to be covered initially with soil and then covered over with local vegetation. Hiking trails are also proposed to pass through the filled up area as a recreational activity to trek the canyon. The objective of this project is basically to follow the regulations set under the Federal Laws for uncovered reservoirs. The lower reservoir has already been decommissioned for regular use but with provision to address emergency situations with a small water treatment plant built to handle such a situation. In case of fire emergency it is planned that the lower reservoir which has enough storage could provide firefighting requirements. The security aspect is also suitable addressed with the project of transferring water under the Stone Canyon Water Quality Improvement Project. Last reported in 2009, the Environment Impact assessment study of this project was under way with the Board of Water and Power Commissioners entailed to take a decision regarding the proposed project.
In fiction.
The reservoir has been used as a setting in movies and novels. In 1974, the reservoir was used as a location for the movie "Chinatown". Page one of the first galley proofs of Irving Wallace's 1974 novel "The Fan Club" is set overlooking Stone Canyon Reservoir. Page two of "Sunset Express", a 1996 detective novel by Robert Crais, is set by the reservoir.
Attractions.
The 55-mile-long Mulholland Scenic Parkway and Corridor is one of the most famous thoroughfares in the USA and includes the of Mulholland Drive, which passes through the City of Los Angeles. This drive was constructed in 1924 with the objective of providing a scenic panorama of the mountains, beaches and reservoirs along its winding route. In 1994, the Stone Canyon Reservoir Overlook was developed on the south side of Mulholland Drive. Funds for this facility were provided by the California Department of Transportation Environmental Enhancement and Mitigation Grant Program.
Anglers who wish to fish in Stone Canyon Reservoir have to consult local guides and resources for the purpose.
Notable residents.
The 1959 Henry Singleton house, the 1972 Wilt Chamberlain house, and Della Reese's house overlook the reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="30950653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950653" title="Aviva Grand Prix">
Aviva Grand Prix

Aviva Grand Prix may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30950661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950661" title="Tour du Lot">
Tour du Lot

Tour du Lot: The Department of the Lot sits at the northern end of the Midi-Pyrénées region of France. The Tour du Lot is a circuit of over 500 km around the Department's periphery using a mixture of GR routes, footpaths, bridleways, and quiet country roads, which can be completed on foot, by off-road bike or on horseback. The official route was devised by the Comité Départmental de la Randonée Pédestre (CODERANDO 46), the Association Départmentale de Tourisme Equestre (ATE), and the Comité Départmental de Cyclotourisme VTT (CODEP 46 FFCT), supported financially and technically by the Counseil Général du Lot, the Départmentale de la Jeunesse et des Sports, and the Comité Départmental du Tourisme.
For walkers embarking on the Tour du Lot the circuit is broken down into 14 stages, starting and ending at Laval de Cère in the north east of the Department. With two exceptions, each stage is walked over two days, covering on average 19 km a day, with the possibility of an overnight stop at a chambre d'hote, hotel or campsite, depending on the walker's preference or availability of accommodation. The other two stages are one-day walks. The route is poorly signed but the official Tour du Lot symbol is shown below.
The 14 stages are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30950662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950662" title="Ilya Musin">
Ilya Musin

Ilya Musin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30950672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950672" title="Kevin Poirier">
Kevin Poirier

Kevin Poirier (born July 7, 1940, in Providence, Rhode Island) is an American politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1977 to 1999. From 1987 to 1990 he was the Assistant Minority Leader. Poirier resigned his seat in 1999 to become director of development at Sturdy Memorial Hospital. He was succeeded by his wife Elizabeth Poirier. 

</doc>
<doc id="30950677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950677" title="American Acupuncture Council">
American Acupuncture Council

The American Acupuncture Council is a provider of medical malpractice insurance for acupuncture. It claims to be the largest and oldest provider of acupuncture insurance in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="30950681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950681" title="Forbidden Flowers">
Forbidden Flowers

Forbidden Flowers by Nancy Friday is a book which explores women's sexual fantasies. It can be read on two levels: as a detailed feminist analysis of the development of women's fantasies against a background of sexual liberation, and a series of candid, erotic fantasies guaranteed to titillate both male and female readers.
"Forbidden Flowers" is part of a series of three books. Friday began her research for the first book, "My Secret Garden", in 1968, and this second book, its sequel, was begun in 1973. She is thus able to compare how the fantasies have changed over the five-year period, and note women's reactions to the first book, which shocked many by revealing how many women fantasize sexually. A third book, "Women on Top", was published in 1991.
In addition to this series, Friday has written a number of other books examining male and female sexuality. These are entitled "My Mother/My Self", "Men in Love", "Jealousy", and "The Power of Beauty".
The origins and uses of women's fantasies.
"Forbidden Flowers" is divided into two parts, the first part examining where sexual fantasies come from, looking at the influences of childhood and adolescence, women looking at men, and sexual frustration. The second part looks at the uses of these fantasies, in daydreaming and masturbation, during sex, and making fantasies come true. Each of the eight chapters is illustrated by examples of fantasies from women who have written to Friday. As the book was written in the seventies, some of the stories have a definite seventies feel about them.

</doc>
<doc id="30950686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950686" title="Bob Peters (character)">
Bob Peters (character)

Robert 'Bob' Peters is a fictional character created by writer and former World War II Navy Seal James Nelson for his trilogy "The Case of a Vigilante" (1969), "The Search for a Vigilante" (1971) and "The Showdown of a Vigilante" (1975). Actor Brian Darrow portrayed Peters in the adaptations "The Case of a Vigilante" (1973), "Bob Peters" (1977) and "The Man Who Cheated Death" (1981). Kiefer Sutherland is to portray Peters in the 2011 remake "Vigilante Peters".
Disciption and Personality.
Novels.
In the novel "The Case of a Vigilante", writer James Nelson describes Peters as being short-tempered, trigger-happy and depressed after the deaths of his parents, brother and wife. In one scene in the first novel – Chapter 7 – Peters slaps Francesca "Frankie" Clyde over the face after she mentions his wife during a heated argument between the two. Also, in Chapter 10, Peters' rival and former colleague Deputy Rick Day after he taunted him about not having any one left to love. It was mentioned in the novel that one of the reasons Peters had been sacked from the Los Angeles Police Department was because he knocked Day unconscious. In the novel, Peters is also somewhat driven mad, sometimes in a state of depression repeating his wife's final words "You're a fool, Bob Peters, but I love you all the same" over and over again.
In the novel "The Search for a Vigilante", writer James Nelson describes Peters to have become laid back after having married Francesca "Frankie" Clyde. However, Nelson then informs the reader that because of his unemployment, Peters was on the brink of becoming an alcoholic.
Fictional Biography.
Novels.
The Case of a Vigilante (1969)
The Search for a Vigilante (1971)
The Showdown of a Vigilante (1975)
Films.
The Case of a Vigilante (1973)
Bob Peters (1977)
The Man Who Cheated Death (1981)
Vigilante Peters (2011)

</doc>
<doc id="30950688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950688" title="Putrudu">
Putrudu

Putrudu () in Telugu language means Son.

</doc>
<doc id="30950696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950696" title="Garbage Island (How I Met Your Mother)">
Garbage Island (How I Met Your Mother)

"Garbage Island" is the 17th episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" and the 129th episode overall. It aired on February 21, 2011.
Plot.
At Hong Kong International Airport in 2021, Ted's flight to New York has been cancelled. While arguing with an attendant at the departure lounge, he runs into Wendy the Waitress. Future Ted describes how it happened.
At MacLaren's, Ted and Zoey tell Wendy the Waitress how they ended up together. Ted says Zoey was unhappy with her marriage to the Captain, and after a serious fight that ended with the Captain wanting a divorce, Zoey and Ted decided to give a relationship a try. Zoey asks Ted to get her personal belongings from the Captain's apartment. The stuff has been left at the lobby. Just as Ted comes to get the box, the Captain encounters him and at his study, says that Zoey left him for a mustachioed man, narrating a different version of his last argument with Zoey. Ted fails to get the box. He later returns to the apartment building, where the Captain claims that the doorman seduced Zoey. He threatens to harm the doorman but Ted convinces him to let her go because they have nothing in common anyway. Before leaving the apartment with Zoey's box, he admits that he was the one for whom Zoey left the Captain. Later at MacLaren's, Zoey says that good things can come out of something bad.
Meanwhile, Barney reports to the gang that his laser tag date on Valentine's Day with Nora did not go well, despite her giving him her calling card which he later tears up. Robin catches Barney smiling whenever he mentions Nora, and gives him a napkin with Nora's phone number so he can call her. Robin eventually dares him to sleep with her to prove he does not like Nora. Barney shows up at Ted and Robin's apartment, which infuriates Robin because she had been encouraging him to pursue Nora. However, Barney reveals he had actually come to ask for Nora's phone number; pleased, Robin gives it to him and tells him to go for it.
Lily is frustrated at home because Marshall is too fixated with watching a documentary about the Great Pacific Garbage Patch to even think about sex. He creates a presentation for a new GNB environmental campaign, but it is negatively received and Arthur Hobbs fires Meeker, the only employee who liked the presentation. Lily catches Marshall in the dumpster trying to find a set of Tallboy O-rings. Marshall tells Lily that his father's death affected his career choices and fears that starting a family right away could force him to work at GNB forever. Lily asks him to save the planet first then start raising a family.
Marshall's obsession also angers Wendy the Waitress because his advocacy prompts MacLaren's to have her carry spent bottles to the recycling center every night, which results in her having back pains. Future Ted says Meeker was a MacLaren's patron who met Wendy the night he goes to the bar to confront Marshall over his dismissal. Wendy's bag of bottles breaks and Meeker helps Wendy pick them up.
The ending scene shows that because they both hated Marshall, Wendy and Meeker did end up together, being on their second honeymoon when they encountered Ted at the airport. Ted says he is already married with two kids, and his relationship with Zoey did not end well. Ted begins the story of how he met his wife starting from the wedding, but Wendy interrupts saying they have to go. Ted immediately calls Marshall about the encounter.
Barney's blog.
Barney provides a flow chart to determine how long a woman has gone without sex.
Critical response.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode a rating of 7 out of 10.
Donna Bowman of The AV Club gave the episode an A-.

</doc>
<doc id="30950705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950705" title="Augustusburg Cable Railway">
Augustusburg Cable Railway

The Augustusburg Cable Railway () is a funicular railway in Saxony, Germany. It connects the station of Erdmannsdorf-Augustusburg, in the village of Erdmannsdorf and on the Annaberg-Buchholz–Flöha railway, with the town of Augustusburg on the hill above.
The need for a line to connect Augustusburg with its railway station was identified in the 19th century, with the growth of local tourism, but negotiation for granting a franchise took some years. The franchise was finally granted in 1910, and the line was opened in 1911. The line has been overhauled and restored several times, including 1971-73, 1996 and 2005-2006. New cars were provided in 1996. The stations have been kept in their historical condition, and are on the list of national monuments.
The line has the following technical parameters:
The line is operated by Deutsche Bahn's subsidiary Erzgebirgsbahn, who also operate the nearby Annaberg-Buchholz–Flöha railway.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="30950706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950706" title="GTRI Office of Policy Analysis and Research">
GTRI Office of Policy Analysis and Research

The GTRI Office of Policy Analysis and Research is a division of the Georgia Tech Research Institute that focuses on policy analysis, particularly in fields where GTRI has science and technology experience. OPAR assists the Georgia General Assembly and publishes briefs on relevant issues, including how other states treat various issues.
In particular, OPAR hosts an annual "Legislative Roundtable" that brings together interested state representatives, prominent members of georgia industry, and Georgia Tech students and faculty.

</doc>
<doc id="30950710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950710" title="Dobbelaer">
Dobbelaer

H. Dobbelaer was a stained glass designer and maker at Bruges, Belgium around 1880. An example of his work depicting Joseph being reunited with his brothers can be seen at St Mary's church Cottingham, chancel south side second window.

</doc>
<doc id="30950717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950717" title="Avalanche Lake">
Avalanche Lake

Avalanche Lake main refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30950720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950720" title="Michelle Terry">
Michelle Terry

Michelle Terry is an English actress and writer, known for her work on stage and for portraying Sara on "Reunited".
Background.
Born in Weston-super-Mare, she was raised in Kewstoke, and attended Priory Community School and Broadoak Sixth Form Centre.
Terry aspired to be an actress from an early age. She attended an amateur dramatic society and took LAMDA exams at school in poetry, prose and spoken verse. At the age of fourteen she joined the National Youth Theatre. She read English literature at Cardiff University before training at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, graduating in 2004.
Career.
Terry made her professional debut in the touring and subsequent West End production of "Blithe Spirit", playing the Maid and understudying Elvira. Her other theatre credits include "The War on Terror", "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover", "The Man Who Had All the Luck", "Tribes" and "As You Like It". Her work at the National Theatre includes "London Assurance", "All's Well That Ends Well" and "England People Very Nice".
For the Royal Shakespeare Company, Terry has appeared in productions of "Days of Significance", "Pericles", "The Winter's Tale", "The Crucible" and "Love's Labour's Lost", playing the Princess of France. She was among the writers of "Sudden Loss of Dignity", staged at the Bush Theatre in 2009.
Terry has appeared in broadcast versions of "London Assurance" and "All's Well That Ends Well", as part of National Theatre Live, and in the Globe Theatre production of "Love's Labour's Lost", which was released on DVD in 2010. Her television credits include episodes of "Extras", "" and the Mike Bullen pilot "Reunited", playing "Sara". She was co-writer, with Ralf Little, of the comedy drama TV series, "The Cafe", which aired on Sky1 from 2011-13, in which she played "Sarah Porter". The series was set and filmed in her own hometown, Weston-super-Mare.
Awards.
Terry won Best Actress in a Visiting Production at the 2008 Manchester Evening News Theatre Awards, for the Donmar Warehouse production of "The Man Who Had All the Luck".
She won Best Actress in a Supporting Role at the 2011 Olivier Awards, for her portrayal of Sylvia in the Royal Court Theatre production of "Tribes".

</doc>
<doc id="30950734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950734" title="George Pope">
George Pope

George Pope may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30950746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950746" title="Thermoporometry and cryoporometry">
Thermoporometry and cryoporometry

Thermoporometry and cryoporometry are methods for measuring porosity and pore-size distributions. A small region of solid melts at a lower temperature than the bulk solid, as given by the Gibbs–Thomson equation. Thus, if a liquid is imbibed into a porous material, and then frozen, the melting temperature will provide information on the pore-size distribution. The detection of the melting can be done by sensing the transient heat flows during phase transitions using differential scanning calorimetry – DSC thermoporometry, measuring the quantity of mobile liquid using nuclear magnetic resonance – NMR cryoporometry (NMRC) or measuring the amplitude of neutron scattering from the imbibed crystalline or liquid phases – ND cryoporometry (NDC).
To make a thermoporometry / cryoporometry measurement, a liquid is imbibed into the porous sample, the sample cooled until all the liquid is frozen, and then warmed until all the liquid is again melted. Measurements are made of the phase changes or of the quantity of the liquid that is crystalline / liquid (depending on the measurement technique used).
The techniques make use of the Gibbs–Thomson effect: small crystals of a liquid in the pores melt at a lower temperature than the bulk liquid : The melting point depression is inversely proportional to the pore size. The technique is closely related to that of use of gas adsorption to measure pore sizes but uses the Gibbs–Thomson equation rather than the Kelvin equation. They are both particular cases of the Gibbs Equations (Josiah Willard Gibbs): the Kelvin equation is the constant temperature case, and the Gibbs–Thomson equation is the constant pressure case.
Technique variants.
DSC Thermoporometry.
This technique uses differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) to detect the phase changes. The signal detection relies on transient heat flows of latent heat of fusion at the phase changes, and thus the measurement can not be made arbitrarily slowly, limiting the resolution in pore size. There are also difficulties in obtaining measurements of pore volume.
Nuclear magnetic resonance cryoporometry.
NMRC is a recent technique (originated in 1993) for measuring total porosity and pore size distributions. It makes use of the Gibbs–Thomson effect: small crystals of a liquid in the pores melt at a lower temperature than the bulk liquid : The melting point depression is inversely proportional to the pore size. The technique is closely related to that of use of gas adsorption to measure pore sizes but uses the Gibbs–Thomson equation rather than the Kelvin equation. They are both particular cases of the Gibbs Equations (Josiah Willard Gibbs): the Kelvin equation is the constant temperature case, and the Gibbs–Thomson equation is the constant pressure case.
Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) may be used as a convenient method of measuring the quantity of liquid that has melted, as a function of temperature, making use of the fact that the formula_1 relaxation time in a frozen material is usually much shorter than that in a mobile liquid. To make the measurement it is common to just measure the amplitude of an NMR echo at a few milliseconds delay, to ensure that all the signal from the solid has decayed. The technique was developed at the University of Kent in the UK, by Prof. John H. Strange.
NMRC is based on two equations, the Gibbs–Thomson equation, that maps the melting point depression to pore size, and the Strange–Rahman–Smith equation that maps the melted signal amplitude at a particular temperature to pore volume.
To make a NMR cryoporometry measurement, a liquid is imbibed into the porous sample, the sample cooled until all the liquid is frozen, and then warmed slowly, while measuring the quantity of the liquid that is liquid.
Thus NMRC cryoporometry is similar to DSC thermoporosimetry, but has higher resolution, as the signal detection does not rely on transient heat flows, and the measurement can be made arbitrarily slowly. Volume calibration of the total porosity and pore-size can be good, just involving ratioing the NMR signal amplitude at a particular pore diameter to the amplitude when all the liquid (of known mass) is melted. NMRC is suitable for measuring pore diameters in the range 1 nm to about 10 µm.
Note: the Gibbs-Thomson equation contains a geometric term relating to the curvature of the ice-liquid interface. This curvature may be different in different pore geometries; thus using a sol-gel calibration (~spheres) gives about a factor of two error when used with SBA-15 (cylindrical pores). Similarly the freezing and melting curvatures (typically spherical on ice intrusion, and cylindrical on ice melting), result in a difference in freezing and melting temperature even in cylindrical pores where there is no "ink-bottle" effect.
It is also possible to adapt the basic NMRC experiment to provide structural resolution in spatially dependent pore size distributions, by combining NMRC with standard Magnetic resonance imaging protocols, or to provide behavioural information about the confined liquid.
Neutron diffraction cryoporometry.
Modern neutron diffractometers have the capability to measure complete scattering spectra in a couple of minutes, as the temperature is ramped, enabling cryoporometry experiments to be performed.
ND cryoporometry has the unique distinction of being able to monitor as a function of temperature the quantity of different crystalline phases (such as hexagonal ice and cubic ice) as well as the liquid phase, and thus can give pore-phase structural information as a function of temperature.
Pore size measurements using both melting and freezing events.
The Gibbs–Thomson effect acts to lower both melting and freezing point, and also to raise boiling point. However, simple cooling of an all-liquid sample usually leads to a state of non-equilibrium super cooling and only eventual non-equilibrium freezing – to obtain a measurement of the equilibrium freezing event, it is necessary to first cool enough to freeze a sample with excess liquid outside the pores, then warm the sample until the liquid in the pores is all melted, but the bulk material is still frozen. Then on re-cooling the equilibrium freezing event can be measured, as the external ice will then grow into the pores.
This is in effect an "ice intrusion" measurement (c.f. Mercury Intrusion Porosimetry), and as such in part may provide information on pore throat properties. The melting event was then previously expected to provide more accurate information on the pore body. However, a new melting mechanism has been proposed which means the melting event does not provide accurate information on the pore body. The melting mechanism has been termed advanced melting and is described below.
The advanced melting mechanism.
The melting process for the frozen phase is initiated from existing molten phase, such as the liquid-like layer that is retained at the pore wall. This is shown in Figure 1 for a through ink bottle pore model (position A); the arrows show how the liquid-like layer initiates the melting process and this melting mechanism is said to occur via sleeve shaped menisci. For such a melting mechanism, the smaller necks will melt first and as the temperature is raised the large pore will then melt. Therefore, the melting event would give an accurate description of the necks and body.
However, in cylindrical pores, melting would occur at a lower temperature via a hemispherical meniscus (between solid and molten phases), than it would via a sleeve-shaped meniscus. Scanning curves and loops have been used to show that cryoporometry melting curves are prone to pore-pore cooperative effects and this is demonstrated by position B in Figure 1. For the through ink bottle pore, melting is initiated in the outer necks from the thin cylindrical sleeve of permanently unfrozen liquid-like fluid that exists at the pore wall. Once the necks have become molten via the cylindrical sleeve meniscus mechanism, a hemispherical meniscus will be formed at both ends of the larger pore body. The hemispherical menisci can then initiate the melting process in the large pore. Moreover, if the larger pore radius is smaller than the critical size for melting via a hemispherical meniscus at the current temperature, then the larger pore will melt at the same temperature as the smaller pore. Therefore, the melting event will not give accurate information on the pore body. If the incorrect melting mechanism is assumed when deriving a PSD (pore size distribution) there will be "at least" a 100% error in the PSD. Moreover, it has been shown that advanced melting effects can lead to a dramatic skew towards smaller pores in PSDs for mesoporous sol-gel silicas, determined from cryoporometry melting curves.
Applications.
NMR cryoporometry (external cryoporometry website) is a very useful nano- through meso- to micro-metrology technique (nanometrology, nano-science.co.uk/nano-metrology) that has been used to study many materials, and has particularly been used to study porous rocks (i.e. sandstone, shale and chalk/carbonate rocks), with a view to improving oil extraction, shale gas extraction and water abstraction. Also very useful for studying porous building materials such as wood, cement and concrete. A currently exciting application for NMR Cryoporometry is the measurement of porosity and pore-size distributions, in the study of carbon, charcoal and biochar. Biochar is regarded as an important soil enhancer (used since pre-history), and offers great possibilities for carbon dioxide removal from the biosphere.
Materials studied by NMR cryoporometry include:
Possible future application include measuring porosity and pore-size distributions in porous medical implants.

</doc>
<doc id="30950766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950766" title="Daniel Welbat">
Daniel Welbat

Daniel Welbat (born May 7, 1989 in Hamburg, Germany) alias WellBad (coinage: Well+Bad), is a German blues-rock musician and soundtrack composer.
Life.
Daniel Welbat is the son of the German producer Douglas Welbat and the actress Katja Brügger. WellBad had recorded his first own songs when he was 16 years old. He was 20 years old when he founded the label Blue Central Records, together with his cousin. His models were Willie Dixon, The Black Keys, Eels and Tom Waits.
WellBad composed the soundtrack to the 2010 produced German film "Vater Morgana". The records were made in the Hafenklang-Studios in Hamburg.
He contributed in audio drama productions, music projects, worked as an actor and directed films and wrote screenplays for short movies.

</doc>
<doc id="30950789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950789" title="Gholson, Mississippi">
Gholson, Mississippi

Gholson (also Meander) is an unincorporated community in Noxubee County, Mississippi. Its elevation is 554 feet (169 m), and it is located at (32.9365181, -88.7339381). The community once possessed a post office, but it has been closed. A cemetery is located in Gholson.

</doc>
<doc id="30950791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950791" title="Changzhi Stadium">
Changzhi Stadium

Changzhi Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Changzhi, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30950811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950811" title="Earworm Records">
Earworm Records

Earworm Records was a London-based independent record label, with its first release by the band Hood in 1997. Other bands to release music on the label include Yo La Tengo, Electric Sound of Joy, Of Montreal, Stars of the Lid, Windy & Carl, Portal, The Besnard Lakes, Fridge, Damon & Naomi and Magnétophone.

</doc>
<doc id="30950817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950817" title="Sunday (Hurts song)">
Sunday (Hurts song)

"Sunday" is a song by English synthpop duo Hurts. It was released on 27 February 2011 as the fourth single from their debut album, "Happiness" (2010). Despite the moderate chart success, the song received mixed response from critics, who complimented the sound of the song, but criticized the lyrics. Some of them called it flimsy and thought it was bland, and noted that the song has "lack of depth".
Critical reception.
"Sunday" received generally mixed reviews from music critics. Alix Buscovic of BBC Music described the song as a "power-dressed Europop floor-filler that channels early Depeche Mode and the PSB", which was made with "theatricality" and "a brooding demeanour", but criticized the lyrics. PopMatters reviewer Joe Copplestone compared the track to New Order, deeming it "gleefully era-authentic" and commending its commercial appeal.
While commenting on the "lack of depth" of the lyrics in "Happiness", Sam Shepherd from musicOMH praised Anderson's work, with the song's mix of "Eastern Bloc industrial pomp with Eurovision disco pop" having a "surprisingly engaging effect." In the Drowned in Sound review, Andrzej Lukowski considers "Sunday" to cross into "boyband territory", having "a decent hi-NRG synth line", nevertheless a "desperately gauche" feature. Similarly, Alexis Petridis from "The Guardian" felt it was "flimsy and commonplace", stating that, similar to the other albums tracks, it's a "climax" without any "build-up".
Music video.
The music video was directed by W.I.Z., who also directed the duo's first video, "Better Than Love" in 2010. It was filmed in Romania, at MediaPro Studios. Theo Hutchcraft stated that the video follows a similar theme to the group's others, adding "it's nice to go away to film the videos because you live in a different world for a few days[...] We go to an exotic, beautiful place, think of a theme that no-one else will understand except us, and surround us with women so people won't ask us what it's about!"
Live performances.
Hurts performed the single live at "The Graham Norton Show", which was their first performance of the song on a television programme.

</doc>
<doc id="30950836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950836" title="Shvetsov ASh-2">
Shvetsov ASh-2

The Shvetsov ASh-2 was an 28-cylinder, air-cooled, radial aircraft engine designed in the Soviet Union in the late 1940s. It was inferior to the Dobrynin VD-4K engine and did not enter production. One of the problems was air-cooling which ate up to 50% of the total engine power at 15000 meters. In contrast, liquid-cooled VD-4K required only 5% of power for cooling at the same altitude.

</doc>
<doc id="30950842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950842" title="John Kendrick House">
John Kendrick House

The John Kendrick House is located on West Main Street in Waterbury, Connecticut, United States. It is a brick Tuscan villa house in the Italianate architectural style built in the 1860s, one of the last remaining on Waterbury Green from that period, after which many of the older houses were replaced with commercial buildings. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places individually, after having been included as a contributing property when the Downtown Waterbury Historic District was created a few years earlier.
It was built by Greene Kendrick, an early industrialist, for his son John, a lawyer who later served as a judge and a mayor of Waterbury. Unpublished papers on file at the Yale University Library, stylistic traits and other historical evidence suggest the house was the work of Henry Austin, although there is no definite proof. In the early 20th century Green's son donated it to the local historical society. It was later used to house the Mattatuck Museum in its early years, and is still owned by the museum although not currently in use.
Building.
The Kendrick House is on a small lot on the south side of West Main opposite Waterbury Green, the small park at the center of the city. It is midway between Church and Leavenworth streets. Across the Green are the main Mattatuck Museum building and the Elton Hotel. To the south are parking lots accessible from Kendrick Street. On either side are large commercial blocks that dwarf the house. The terrain is level and the neighborhood is an extensively developed urban core.
A much deeper setback than either of its neighbors provides the house with a front lawn behind a cast iron fence. The building itself is a square two-story three-bay structure of common-bond brick two courses thick on a foundation of granite ashlar with brownstone facing. It is topped by a gently hipped roof surfaced in standing-seam metal pierced by two brick chimneys at the center. A two-story service wing, added later, projects from the rear. It is largely sympathetic but has more restrained decoration.
Exterior.
On the north (front) facade the centrally located main entrance is sheltered by an extensively ornamented wooden portico. A balustrade at the top creates a balcony accessible from a round-arched window the recessed section above it. All the other windows are single-pane double-hung sash windows.
Those on the bottom have small cast-iron balconies of their own with similar patterns to the front fence. Their brownstone sills are matched with pedimented lintels on consoles; the second-story side windows have the same sills but their lintels lack the pediment. The balcony door has a lintel that curves with the arch. Above it there is a pediment in the roofline, where broad wooden eaves are supported by large brackets with leaf carvings.
The entrance portico has square paired fluted Composite pilasters on high pedestals with egg-and-dart and rope-turn molding. Their capitals are more vegetative than is typical for the Composite order, with thick acanthus leaves at the volutes. Above each, foliate paired brackets support the roof.
Interior.
A small set of brownstone steps with a modern iron railing leads up to the portico. The plain entrance door has sidelights and a transom. It opens into a central hallway with carpeting over its interwoven oak and maple parquet floor and dropped ceilings with modern lighting. All the rooms have their original woodwork, including molded baseboards, door and window surrounds and cornice.
The east rooms were combined into a large gallery when the museum occupied the space. The lower hall and stairs have a flat-paneled dado, and the upstairs hallway has a dado of its own with floral and ornamental designs on the plaster. The library, upstairs, has a parquet floor more intricate than the other rooms.
The former museum office is the best-preserved room in the house. In addition to the same original woodwork s the other rooms, it has its original white marble mantel. Its design, referred to as "Grecian" in contemporary catalogs, has a complex-curved shelf supported by consoles over an arched firebox opening with a keyblock carved into the shape of a scallop shell.
History.
Greene Kendrick, an early Waterbury brassmaker who later served in the state legislature, built the house in 1866 for his son John. At that time it was one of many grand houses on Waterbury Green, the two-acre (8,000 m²) remnant of the original town common that was by then the center of a growing industrial city. John was unable to replicate his father's success in business and so turned to the law, where he rose to serve as judge and eventually mayor of Waterbury. He lived well; upon his death in 1877 the estate lists rugs and mirrors valued at half the average annual salary of a worker in the city's factories.
The house has all the typical features of the Tuscan villa, an Italianate house type popular with wealthy Victorians embracing the Picturesque mode: a cubical form, nearly flat roof with wide overhanging eaves, and a three-bay facade with most of the decorative touches lavished on the main entrance. Another original detail, a belvedere at the center of the roof, was replaced when the roof was resurfaced. Following their Italian Renaissance models, decoration tended toward very free applications of classical touches, and the Kendrick House's portico is no exception. The square columns in particular do not follow classical proportions, and their plush capitals and leaf brackets further depart from more restrained classical originals.
There is no documentary record that identifies the architect. Several of the additional details—the cast iron balcony balustrades, brownstone trim and verticality created by the emphasis on the central bay—are typical of Henry Austin. Sketches found among Austin's papers after he died, now kept at the Yale University Library, show a very similar house with the same chimney and belvedere placement, but without the brackets and central pediment. They date to the 1840s, prior to the known date of construction, and Austin was known to have been active in Waterbury in the 1860s.
These details are not enough to positively associate the house with Austin, however. Other architects borrowed from his patterns, as he did from theirs. It is quite possible as well that the house is the work of R.W. Hill, a Waterbury native who had worked in Austin's New Haven office.
In 1911, Kendrick's son Greene Kendrick II sold the house to the Mattatuck Historical Society for use as a museum. By that time most of the other houses on the Green and neighboring streets had been demolished and replaced by the larger commercial blocks that dominate the area now. The historical society converted the house for museum use, merging all the east rooms into a large gallery for exhibits. It remained in the house until the construction of its current home across the Green in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="30950847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950847" title="Jining Stadium">
Jining Stadium

Jining Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Jining, China that is under construction. It will be used mostly for football matches. The stadium will hold 34,318 spectators. It was due to open in 2012 and broke ground in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30950852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950852" title="Sergey Ivanovich Kuskov">
Sergey Ivanovich Kuskov

Sergey Ivanovich Kuskov (June 6, 1957, Moscow, USSR — June 22, 2008, Krasnodar, Russia) was a renowned Russian curator.
Biography.
Born on June 6, 1957 in Moscow. Died on June 22, 2008 in Krasnodar. In 1980 graduated from the Department of History at Moscow State University, with major in History and Art Theory. In 1989 has defended the degree of Ph.D. in Art Studies. Worked in Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow.
Curated a large number of exhibitions.
Author of articles about Anatoly Zverev, Dmitry Krasnopevtsev, Nina Valetova, Vladimir Yakovlev, and other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="30950854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950854" title="Dresscode (TV series)">
Dresscode (TV series)

Dresscode was a Finnish fashion TV-series airing on MoonTV. It was hosted by master tailor Arman Alizad. The series run for three seasons, from 2001 to 2003.
Synopsis.
Dresscode took a very diverse approach to fashion, and was considered by many to be more of a lifestyle-show. It covered very varied subjects like clothing, jewelry, interior design, etiquette, food, drinks, cars, and even guns.
Cast and Characters.
The series was hosted by Arman Alizad, a Finnish master tailor, who also developed several alter egos for the show. Alizad was sometimes co-hosted by Teresa Ackalin. Alizad later became internationally famous for the martial arts series Kill Arman.
Production.
The series was directed by Tuukka Tiensuu and produced by Vera Olsson. It was an in-house production for MoonTV.

</doc>
<doc id="30950857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950857" title="Paul Tirone">
Paul Tirone

Paul E. Tirone (born February 8, 1951 in Newburyport, Massachusetts) is an American politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2001–2003. He was defeated in the 2002 Democratic primary by Michael A. Costello.

</doc>
<doc id="30950861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950861" title="Kilometre per square kilometre">
Kilometre per square kilometre

Kilometre per square kilometre is an SI derived unit of reciprocal length used for measurement of density of a linear feature in an area. It is used to measure, for example, drainage density or road density (i.e. kilometres of road per square kilometre of land).

</doc>
<doc id="30950866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950866" title="2010–11 North West Counties Football League">
2010–11 North West Counties Football League

The 2010–11 North West Counties Football League season (known as the 2010–11 Vodkat League for sponsorship reasons) was the 29th in the history of the North West Counties Football League, a football competition in England. Teams were divided into two divisions; the Premier and the First.
Premier Division.
The Premier Division featured three new teams:
Division One.
Division One featured three new teams:

</doc>
<doc id="30950870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950870" title="Chaohu Stadium">
Chaohu Stadium

Chaohu Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Chaohu, China that is currently under construction. It will be used mostly for football matches. The stadium will hold 30,000 spectators. It is due to open in 2012 and broke ground in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30950875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950875" title="Nebraska Forest Service">
Nebraska Forest Service

The Nebraska Forest Service is the state forestry agency for the state of Nebraska. The Nebraska Forest Service serves the citizens on Nebraska by operating with the mission to provide services and education to the people of Nebraska for the protection, utilization and enhancement of the State’s tree, forest and other natural resources. Headquartered in Lincoln, Nebraska, the Nebraska Forest Service is embedded within the Institution of Agriculture and Natural Resources at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
District Offices.
Chadron, Nebraska - Northwest District, 430 E. 2nd St., Chadron, NE 69337
Ord, Nebraska - North Central District, Box 210 Hadar Industrial Park, Hwy. 11, Ord, NE 68862
Norfolk, Nebraska - Northeast District
North Platte, Nebraska - Southwest District, 461 University Drive, North Platte, NE 69101
Clay Center, Nebraska - South Central District, Box 66 Clay Center, NE 68933-0066 
Lincoln, Nebraska - Southeast District and Headquarters, 102 Forestry Hall, Lincoln, NE 68583-0815
Program Areas.
Program areas within the agency include Rural Forestry, Community Forestry and Sustainable Landscapes, Forest Health, Wildland Fire Protection, and Marketing and Utilization.
Rural Forestry.
The Rural Forestry program of the Nebraska Forest Services provides key services such as technical assistance for forest management, tree planting, insect and disease problems, timber harvest, fuels reduction and other forestry issues, developing forest management plans for individual landowners, financial cost-share assistance, landowner education and training, and linking landowners to forest product markets for enhanced rural economies.
Community Forestry and Sustainable Landscapes.
Nebraska's community forests are an important component of the State's forest resources. With community forests currently on the decline around the state, the Community Forestry and Sustainable Landscapes program has an important role within the Nebraska Forest Service and Nebraska.
The Community Forestry and Sustainable Landcapes program provides many key services to the communities of Nebraska. These services include cost-share assistance for community forest and landscape design, installation and management, network development for statewide arboretums and Tree City USA communities, training and professional development for landscape managers and green industry professionals, disaster “releaf” assistance for impacted communities, pest identification, monitoring and control recommendations, as well as development and support for statewide initiatives such as ReTree Nebraska, GreatPlants Program, conservation education and Nebraska Community Forestry Council.
The Community Forestry and Sustainable Landscapes also administers the programs for the Nebraska Statewide Arboretum Inc.
Forest Health.
The Forest Health program of the Nebraska Forest Service provides services such as training in tree pest diagnosis and control for arborists and green
industry professionals, technical assistance to landowners, agencies and businesses, tree and forest pest diagnoses and monitoring, statewide pest surveys and research, and pest management and control recommendations. Examples of emerging forest pests and diseases of interest to Nebraska are Emerald Ash Borer, Thousand cankers disease of Black Walnut, Pine wilt, Asian Longhorned Beetle, and Mountain Pine Beetle.
Wildland Fire Protection.
Nebraska faces may challenges from wildland fire throughout the state. From the Pine Ridge forests of the western Panhandle that consist of Ponderosa Pine with tallgrass prairie understory to the Eastern redcedar infested riparian Eastern Cottonwood forests of the Platte River corridor in the center of the state and the Niobrara River valley in the Northeast, wildland fire is an annual threat to Nebraska's forest resources and communities.
The Wildland Fire Protection program provides services to the state to help prevent and protect against wildland fire. These services include wildfire prevention and suppression technical assistance to rural fire districts statewide, wildland fire suppression training and certification for rural firefighters and state and federal agency employees, wildfire prevention programming and material development, organization of citizen-based fire prevention education groups, assisting fire districts in fire planning, assisting mutual aid districts in developing mutual aid directories, securing and reconditioning excess military vehicles for rural fire departments, providing cost-share assistance to purchase equipment and increase firefighter safety and reducing wildfire risk to homeowners and communities through forest fuels management.
Forest Fuels Reduction.
Thinning forests to lower fuels loads is the only eff ective way to reduce extreme wildfire behavior. The Nebraska Forest Service Forest Fuels
Reduction Program creates strategically located corridors of thinned forests across the landscape, reduces fire intensity, improves fire suppression effectiveness, increases firefighter safety, and better protects lives and property.
Marketing and Utilization.
The Marketing and Utilization program of the Nebraska Forest Service is responsible for managing and promoting forestry products around the state, such as hybrid hazelnuts and woody biomass.
Hybrid Hazelnut Commercialization.
The goal of this project is to accelerate commercial development of the hybrid hazelnut as a profitable, environmentally friendly food and bioenergy crop for producers in Nebraska and the central United States. Commercially available hazelnuts, or filberts, are currently produced only in Oregon from the European hazelnut. This plant is not productive elsewhere in the U.S. due to disease susceptibility and lack of cold hardiness. After nearly a century of breeding, cold-hardy, disease-resistant hybrids that produce commercial quantities of high-quality nuts in Nebraska are now available. A consortium of the Nebraska Forest Service (at the University of Nebraska), Oregon State University, National Arbor Day Foundation and Rutgers University is leading the effort nationally to commercialize this new “third” crop.
Woody Biomass Utilization.
Woody biomass is a carbon-neutral, clean burning, renewable energy resource that can help solve these problems. Nebraska-grown wood is an underutilized, plentiful, economic energy resource that can revitalize our rural economies. To achieve this, financial support from the government is
needed.
The focus of woody biomass utilization in the state is reducing Nebraska’s energy dependence on fossil fuels, creating jobs and new sources of income in depressed rural areas, reducing forest fuel loads and risk of catastrophic wildfires, creating markets for eastern redcedar cleared from grazing lands, addressing scarce water issues in drought-stressed watersheds through forest management and creating more productive, healthier forests and revitalized rural communities.

</doc>
<doc id="30950876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950876" title="Hengyang Stadium">
Hengyang Stadium

Hengyang Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Hengyang, China that is under construction. It will be used mostly for football matches. The stadium will hold 30,000 spectators. It was due to open in 2012 and broke ground in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30950887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950887" title="Ferran Pol">
Ferran Pol

Ferran Pol (born 28 February 1983) is an Andorran international footballer who plays club football for FC Andorra, as a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="30950889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950889" title="Autauga Northern Railroad">
Autauga Northern Railroad

The Autauga Northern Railroad is a shortline operating between Maplesville, Alabama and a plant of the International Paper Company near Prattville, Alabama, . This trackage is leased from Norfolk Southern and was originally operated by the Mobile & Ohio, Gulf Mobile & Ohio, and Illinois Central Gulf railroads as part of their line between Montgomery, Alabama and Tuscaloosa, Alabama. In addition, Autauga Northern uses of trackage rights over CSX, also ex-GM&O, to gain access into Montgomery. The lease from NS was approved in February 2011, and operations began in April 2011 as part of Watco Companies.
Watco undertook a $2.39 million refurbishment of the railway after beginning operations to upgrade track to handle 25 mile-per-hour speeds. The railroad operates six days a week under Watco control, moving about 9,000 carloads per year.

</doc>
<doc id="30950890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950890" title="Prathipadu">
Prathipadu

Prathipadu or Prattipadu () is name of few places in Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="30950906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950906" title="List of Entolomataceae genera">
List of Entolomataceae genera

The mushroom genera in the family Entolomataceae collectively contain over 1500 species, the large majority of which are in "Entoloma". There have been many different classifications of this group, and so the table below includes not only genera which are supposedly current, but also other proposed genera whose names have been important. For instance several taxa such as "Leptonia" and "Nolanea" were defined as independent genera, and are still sometimes used as such, but in recent classifications they have been demoted to being subgenera of "Entoloma".
The current view is that Entolomataceae with angular (polyhedral) spores should be classified in genus "Entoloma", those with bumpy spores should be in "Rhodocybe", and those with longitudinally ridged spores should be put in "Clitopilus". This makes "Entoloma" an enormous genus, and it is not surprising that attempts have been made to split it up.
The photos sometimes show the type species of the group in question, or otherwise another typical species. Hold the cursor over a photo for more information.

</doc>
<doc id="30950927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950927" title="1961 Wilkes 200">
1961 Wilkes 200

The 1961 Wilkes 200 was a NASCAR Grand National Series race that took place on October 1, 1961 at North Wilkesboro Speedway in the American community of North Wilkesboro, North Carolina.
Summary.
The race took two hours and twenty-two minutes in order to resolve 320 laps in front of 9000 live audience members; with a track spanning for of racing action. Four cautions were given out for 24 laps. The average speed of the race was while the pole position speed was established by Junior Johnson who qualified with a speed of . Rex White managed to defeat Fireball Roberts by at least one lap. Joe Jones was the last-place finisher of the race. The other finishers in the top ten were: Richard Petty, Junior Johnson, Ned Jarrett, Emanuel Zervakis, Jimmy Pardue, Joe Weatherly, Bill Morton, and Doug Yates.
Most of the drivers on this 30-car grid were driving cars belonging to the Chevrolet and Pontiac manufacturers (with Ford and Dodge fielding a relatively good minority of the racing grid). All the drivers who qualified for the race were American-born males; there were no foreigners or women of any kind in this racing event. Banjo Matthews would never race at Wilkes Motor Speedway again after this race.

</doc>
<doc id="30950940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950940" title="NCAA Season 64 basketball tournaments">
NCAA Season 64 basketball tournaments

The 1988 NCAA basketball tournaments were the 64th year of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines)' basketball tournaments. The San Sebastian Stags won both rounds of elimination, becoming outright champions of the seniors' division; the San Beda Red Cubs also won both rounds in the juniors' division, with the JRU Light Bombers coming in second.
Seniors' tournament.
Elimination round.
Format:
First round team standings.
Season host is boldfaced.<br>
Second round team standings.
Season host is boldfaced.<br>
Cumulative standings.
In a rematch of the 1987 first round finale, San Sebastian prevailed over Letran 77–73 preventing a comeback from the Knights which cut the 38–58 SSC lead to a 2-point 71–73 deficit. Paul Alvarez tipped on a miss from a fellow Stag, but Letran's Robert Ruiz split his two free-throws to keep pace with SSC, 72–75. Marlon Bolabola put up a free-throw, then Melchor Teves grabbed the rebound, that led to Crizalde Bade converting two free-throws for SSC off a Jerry Ruiz foul.to put San Sebastian up for good 77–73.
In the penultimate second round game for both teams, San Sebastian defeated Letran 85–84 as Eugene Quilban prevented Jerry Ruiz from catching the ball in a pick-and-roll attempt with 2.7 seconds left. With the Perpetual Altas needing to win to force a three-way tie for first, the Altas succumbed to a 14–4 SSC run with 5:20 to go in the second half to turn a 77–70 SSC lead to a 90–74 rout. The Stags held on to a 108–94 victory, clinching the second round pennant. With San Sebastian winning both halves of the elimination round, San Sebastian were named outright champions, their third league championship.
Juniors' tournament.
Elimination round.
Format:
First round team standings.
Season host is boldfaced. Needing to win to force a playoff for the second round pennant, the Light Bombers fell short to the Red Cubs at the final game of the second round when John Henry Reyes split his free-throw at the final seconds of the game, giving San Beda a 1-point 92–91 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="30950944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950944" title="Marc Vales">
Marc Vales

Marc Vales González (born 4 April 1990) is an Andorran international footballer who played last season for Real Madrid C as a defender or a defensive midfielder.
Career.
He played for clubs from the lower leagues Spain — Sabadell B, Ibiza-Eivissa B, Binéfar, Atlético Monzón.
Vales joined Real Madrid C from Atlético Baleares on a free transfer in July 2012. He made his debut on 23 September 2012 in a 2-1 league defeat against Atlético Madrid B, coming off at half time.
International Career.
Vales had also represented Andorra at youth level, playing for the under-17, under-19, and under-21 national teams. He made his international debut for the Andorra national football team in 2008. Vales has made 27 appearances for the Andorra national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="30950947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950947" title="Bahrain light rail network">
Bahrain light rail network

The Bahrain light rail network is a public transport project in Bahrain.
Routes.
Several different lines are planned:
Project.
The project was unveiled in 2008, with construction planned to start in 2009. However, construction has been repeatedly delayed. By December 2009, construction was expected to start in 2011. Consultants were prequalified in 2010; as of January 2010, the project was still awaiting budgetary approval but it was hoped that construction could begin before the end of 2012.
The first phase, including 24 km of light rail network, is expected to cost BD453 million. Subsequent phases will cost more.

</doc>
<doc id="30950952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950952" title="Avalanche Lake (Flathead County, Montana)">
Avalanche Lake (Flathead County, Montana)

Avalanche Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Avalanche Lake is southwest of Bearhat Mountain and receives meltwater from Sperry Glacier. Avalanche Lake is a hike from the trailhead along the Trail of the Cedars.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30950966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950966" title="Kevin L. Finnegan">
Kevin L. Finnegan

Kevin L. Finnegan (born June 1, 1964 in Newburyport, Massachusetts) an American politician and the current Clerk for the Peabody District Court in Peabody, Massachusetts. From 1997–2001 he represented the 1st Essex District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. From 1994–1997 he was a member of the Newburyport City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="30950968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950968" title="David Ferrucci">
David Ferrucci

David Ferrucci is the principal investigator who in 2007-2011 led a team of IBM and academic researchers and engineers to the development of the Watson computer system that famously won a television quiz.
Ferrucci graduated from Manhattan College, with a B.S. degree in biology and from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, in 1994 with a Ph.D. degree in computer science specializing in knowledge representation and reasoning. 
He joined IBM's Thomas J. Watson in 1995 and left in 2012 to join Bridgewater Associates.

</doc>
<doc id="30950972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950972" title="Samir Bousenine">
Samir Bousenine

Samir Bousenine (born 7 February 1991) is an Andorran international footballer who plays club football for FC Andorra, as a striker.

</doc>
<doc id="30950985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950985" title="Pine of Tsar Dušan">
Pine of Tsar Dušan

Pine of Tsar Dušan () was a giant black pine tree located in the courtyard of the old Serbian Orthodox Monastery of the Holy Archangels, in the village cemetery in Gornje Nerodimlje, Uroševac, Kosovo. The pine tree was planted in 1336 by Emperor Dušan (r. 1331-1355).
History.
The old pine tree () as a relict, endemic tree, was one of the decorations of the Šar Mountains with its huge size. The pine was over 25 meters high, 1.5 meters wide, and had a crust thickness of 10 cm, and it was in good health prior to its destruction. It was visited by various state delegations. King Aleksandar Karađorđević had a memorial plaque placed by it in 1926 with the year of planting. The Monastery of the Holy Archangels in Nerodimlje was, together with the Pine of Tsar Dušan, added on Monuments of Culture of Exceptional Importance-list by the Republic of Serbia in 1961, as a historical monument and natural rarity. Serbian institutions suggested that the Šar Mountains National Park be nominated for World Heritage under UNESCO protection, because of its biological, cultural and historical heritage; the pine tree was included in the proposal.
In June/July 1999, after the Kosovo War, the Monastery of the Holy Archangels and the cemetery was desecrated, while the pine was cut down and burned, by Albanian villagers returning from exile. Only the stump remained, which was later burned completely. As the entire complex was destroyed, there are no visible traces of the Dušan's Pine today.

</doc>
<doc id="30950989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950989" title="Adam Streisand">
Adam Streisand

Adam F. Streisand is an American trial attorney notable for his involvement in litigation over celebrity estates, including the estates of Michael Jackson, Ray Charles, Marlon Brando, Barry White, Dennis Hopper, Michael Crichton, Anna Nicole Smith, Rodney Dangerfield, Joey Bishop and others. 
__NOTOC__
Career.
Early career.
Streisand was graduated from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut, with a BA in History. During college, he studied at the Sorbonne in Paris for one academic year. After college, he served as Legislative Aide to U.S. Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-Md). Streisand was graduated "cum laude" from American University, Washington College of Law, a member of the Honor Society, and an editor of the Law Review.
Streisand began his legal career litigating entertainment cases. On behalf of his clients, Beastie Boys and Capitol Records, Streisand won the first digital sampling case in the U.S. Courts of Appeals, Newton v. Diamond, et al.
Representative "non-celebrity" estate cases.
Streisand's trust and estate litigation practice includes the following representative cases:
"The Daily Journal" profiled Streisand on the cover of its "Extra" section under the title "The Sure Thing" and called his expertise "a lawyer's C.V. on steroids." "Trusts and Estates Magazine" says "Adam Streisand is a trial lawyer renowned for his courtroom victories in celebrity estates." The American Lawyer says: "Mr. Streisand is a veteran of battles over celebrity estates such as Marlon Brando and Ray Charles". "Lawdragon Magazine" says "Adam Streisand is easily one of the best trust and estate litigators in the country."
Distinctions.
Streisand is the only trial attorney who specializes in trust and estate litigation to be named one of the "Top 100 Lawyers in California" by the Los Angeles and San Francisco Daily Journals. Lawdragon named Streisand one of the "500 Leading Lawyers in America" and one of the "Top 500 Trial Lawyers in America". Streisand was named one of the "Top 100 Lawyers" in Southern California by The Los Angeles Business Journal, one of the "Top 100 Lawyers" in the field of Trusts and Estates in the United States by Worth (magazine) and one of the "Top 50 Lawyers in North America" in the field of wealth management by Citywealth Magazine. He is also named one of the "Best Lawyers in America" by Best Lawyers.
Streisand is a Fellow of the American College of Trust and Estate Counsel. Adam Streisand was given the highest ranking available for an attorney by "Chambers USA" and by Martindale-Hubbell. He has been named a "Super Lawyer" by "Super Lawyers Magazine" every year since the inception of the magazine in 2004. He is also involved in the drafting of probate legislation, including amendments to the California Celebrities Rights Act to ensure the protection of a deceased celebrity's name and likeness and its descendibility to the celebrity's heirs. The estate of Marilyn Monroe retained Streisand to draft the amendments to the California Celebrities Rights Act. He is active in pro bono work as a lawyer and received the "Wiley W. Manuel Award" for pro bono work from the Board of Governors of the State Bar of California in recognition for his achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="30950994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950994" title="Vladimir Denisov">
Vladimir Denisov

Vladimir Denisov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30950999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30950999" title="Campyloneurum phyllitidis">
Campyloneurum phyllitidis

Campyloneurum phyllitidis, commonly known as the long strap fern, is a species of fern in the Polypodiaceae family. It is an epiphyte, growing on other plants; generally the fern is found growing in the canopies of trees. It has a relatively large rhizome from which many fine rootlets covered in dark reddish-brown scales grow. Its leaves are simple in shape, hairless, long and wide. The sori are round and small, occurring in on both sides of lateral veins of the leaves.
Distribution.
"Campyloneurum phyllitidis" is found in Central and South America, from Mexico in the North to Peru in the South and including Panama, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay and the West Indies. It is also present in Florida, Puerto Rico, Hawaii and the Virgin Islands. The fern is common on Barro Colorado Island, Panama and is known to grow on "Platypodium elegans", "Ceiba pentandra", "Tabebuia guayacan", "Anacardium excelsum", "Socratea exorrhiza", "Marila laxiflora" and "Perebea xanthochyma".
Uses.
"Campyloneurum phyllitidis" can be cultivated, and is the most common species of "Campyloneurum" found in cultivation. The fern grows well in well-drained soil under medium levels of light. It needs to be protected from slugs and snails. "Campyloneurum phyllitidis" was grown in the UK during the Victorian era, when ferns were particularly popular (the phenomenon known as pteridomania); the fern was described by an author of the time, Shirley Hibberd, as being "very distinct" and that it formed a "striking object when grown well".

</doc>
<doc id="30951006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951006" title="University spin-off">
University spin-off

University spin-offs transform technological inventions developed from university research that are likely to remain unexploited otherwise. As such, university/academic spin-offs are a subcategory of research spin-offs. Prominent examples of university spin-offs are Genentech, Crucell, Lycos and Plastic Logic. In most countries, universities can claim the intellectual property (IP) rights on technologies developed in their laboratories. This IP typically draws on patents or, in exceptional cases, copyrights. Therefore, the process of establishing the spin-off as a new corporation involves transferring the IP to the new corporation or giving the latter a license on this IP.
Critical steps in developing a spin-off.
University spin-offs typically go through a number of critical steps to develop the initial invention into a successful business venture. The following steps are critical in creating a successful spin-off (not necessarily in this order). 
Conditions for spin-off creation.
Some universities generate substantially higher numbers of spin-offs than others. Universities with high numbers of successful spin-offs …
Other issues.
University spin-off activity may give rise to potential conflict of interest between commercial and academic work. In addition, the university’s reputation may be at risk if founders of spin-offs act inappropriately. Moreover, the antagonism between academic research and technology commercialization by way of spin-offs is likely to create fairness issues, for example regarding the distribution of royalties or equity. This antagonism can be managed by installing transparent procedures for the spin-off formation process that enhance fair treatment of all participants.

</doc>
<doc id="30951007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951007" title="St. Xavier's High School, Jamnagar">
St. Xavier's High School, Jamnagar

St. Xavier's School is a co-ed school in Jamnagar, Gujarat, India. It offers courses from Kindergarten to Higher Secondary divisions and enrolls approximately 2,300 students. The school was founded in 1955 by the Fathers of Society of Jesus; the first class had only 30 students.

</doc>
<doc id="30951020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951020" title="Satapathy">
Satapathy

Satapathy or Shatapathy (, ) are the Utkala Brahmins who were once expert in the Shatapatha Brahmana. They are the Oriya speaking Brahmins staying in around Orissa. They belong to Shukla Yajurveda and Kanva Shakha. They are Shrauta Brahmins. Many eminent persons from this surname have achieved success in their life. These are one of the oldest
brahmins in India. Many mathematical vedic derivations were brought into limelight by Shatapatha Brahmanas.

</doc>
<doc id="30951029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951029" title="José María Rodríguez y Cos">
José María Rodríguez y Cos

José María Rodríguez y Cos was a Mexican writer who promoted Positivism in the country. He was born in Tulancingo, Hidalgo, Mexico in 1823, and although he began his studied to be a doctor, he had to leave university due to finances. He worked as a teacher and began to write, and became associated with Positivist writers such as Vicente Hugo Alcaráz and Manuel Guillén. His master work is considered to be epic poem "El Anáhuac", published in 1852. Another popular poem is "La Revolución francesa". He also wrote plays such as the opera "Cuauhtémoc" and translated a number of plays and other works from French and Italian into Spanish. Rodríguez y Cos died in Mexico City in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="30951035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951035" title="Volodymyr Apatsky">
Volodymyr Apatsky

Volodymyr Apatsky (*29 August 1928, Minsk) — Ukrainian bassoonist, teacher, professor of the National music academy in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.
He was principal bassoonist for the Kiev theater of opera and ballet symphony orchestra until 1981, 
second prize winner of the contest of the Belarusian musicians-performers on wind instruments (1952), Winner (and premiums) Soviet All-Union Festival of Youth (1957).

</doc>
<doc id="30951061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951061" title="Tere ishq Nachaya">
Tere ishq Nachaya

Tere Ishq Nachaya (Karke Thaiya Thaiya) (English: Your love made me dance..) is a Punjabi Sufi song composed by 18th-century mystic-poet Baba Bulle Shah. It is a popular song performed by Sufi and qawwali singers, including Abida Parveen and also featured in Sufi music album, "Sufi –Ishq Bada Bedardi" (RPG Sa Re Ga Ma) .
It has also been performed by Punjabi folk singer Jasbir Jassi and pop rock band, Jal, who also performed it on the episode 1 of "Coke Studio" in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30951062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951062" title="Vladimir Denisov (fencer)">
Vladimir Denisov (fencer)

Vladimir Denisov (; born 22 May 1947) is a Soviet fencer. He won a silver medal in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30951079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951079" title="Fatter">
Fatter

Fatter () is an Iranian short-range air-to-air missile based on the U.S.-built AIM-9 Sidewinder missile.
Development.
Fatter is a short range missile which uses AIM-9 Sidewinder missile body and Iranian avionics. In 2008 the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force reported test launches of a new IR-guided missile that was identified as the Fatter. Iranian Air Force Commander Brigadier General Hassan Shahsafi told news agencies that the missile had a range of 40 kilometers. In November 2009 Shahsafi told state TV that mass production of the missile was to be launched. No other information is available about the missile.

</doc>
<doc id="30951080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951080" title="The Great Gatsby (2013 film)">
The Great Gatsby (2013 film)

The Great Gatsby is a 2013 Australian-American 3D drama film based on F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925 novel of the same name. The film was co-written and directed by Baz Luhrmann, and stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, Carey Mulligan, Joel Edgerton, and Elizabeth Debicki. It follows the life and times of millionaire Jay Gatsby and his neighbor Nick, who recounts his encounter with Gatsby at the height of the Roaring Twenties. The film was originally going to be released on December 25, 2012, but moved to May 10, 2013 in 3D. While the film received mixed reviews from critics, audiences responded much more positively, and F. Scott Fitzgerald's family praised the film, claiming "Scott would have been proud". As of 2014, it is Baz Luhrmann's highest grossing film to date, earning over $350 million worldwide. At the 86th Academy Awards, it was nominated for Best Production Design and Best Costume Design, winning both.
Plot.
In the winter of 1929, Nick Carraway (Tobey Maguire), a Yale University graduate and World War I veteran, is staying at a sanatorium to treat his alcoholism. He talks about Gatsby (Leonardo DiCaprio), describing him as the most hopeful man he had ever met. When he struggles to articulate his thoughts, his doctor, Walter Perkins (Jack Thompson), suggests writing it down, since writing is Nick's true passion.
In the summer of 1922, Nick moves from the U.S. Midwest to New York taking a job as bond salesman after abandoning writing. He rents a small house on Long Island in the (fictional) village of West Egg, next door a lavish mansion belonging to Jay Gatsby, a mysterious business magnate who often holds extravagant parties. One day, Nick drives across the bay to East Egg to have dinner with his cousin, Daisy Buchanan (Carey Mulligan), and her husband, Tom (Joel Edgerton), a college acquaintance of Nick's. They introduce Nick to Jordan Baker (Elizabeth Debicki), a cynical young golfer with whom Daisy wishes to couple Nick.
Jordan tells Nick that Tom has a mistress who lives in the "valley of ashes," an industrial dumping ground between West Egg and New York City. Not long after this revelation, Nick travels with Tom to the valley, where they stop by a garage owned by George Wilson (Jason Clarke) and his wife, Myrtle (Isla Fisher), who is Tom's lover that Jordan mentioned. Nick accompanies Tom and Myrtle to an apartment they keep for their affair. Myrtle throws a vulgar and bizarre party with her sister Catherine (Adelaide Clemens), that ends with Tom breaking Myrtle's nose as she taunts him about Daisy.
As the summer progresses, Nick receives an invitation to one of Gatsby's parties. Upon arriving, he learns that he is the only one who received an invitation, and that none of the guests have ever met Gatsby. There are multiple theories as to who he is: a German spy, a prince, even an assassin. Nick encounters Jordan, and they meet Gatsby, who is surprisingly young and rather aloof. Gatsby's butler later informs Jordan that Gatsby wishes to speak with her privately.
Gatsby seemingly takes a liking to Nick, inviting him out on numerous occasions. Gatsby introduces him to Meyer Wolfshiem (Amitabh Bachchan), a gambler Gatsby claims fixed the 1919 World Series. Gatsby tells Nick he was born to wealthy parents who have since passed away. During their lunch, they run into Tom Buchanan. Gatsby appears uncomfortable throughout the exchange. Jordan later tells Nick that Gatsby had a relationship with Daisy five years earlier, and is still in love with her. Gatsby had been throwing the extravagant parties in the hopes Daisy will attend. Gatsby later asks Nick to invite Daisy to tea at his house, without mentioning that Gatsby will be there.
After an awkward reunion, Gatsby and Daisy begin an affair. Gatsby is rather dismayed that Daisy wants to run away from New York with him, as his initial plan being for them was to live in his mansion. Nick tries to explain to Gatsby that the past cannot be repeated, but he dismisses the remark. Trying to keep the affair a secret, Gatsby fires the majority of his servants and discontinues the parties. Eventually, he phones Nick and asks that he and Jordan accompany him to the Buchanan's', where they plan to tell Tom that Daisy is leaving him. Nick is hesitant, but Gatsby insists they need him.
During the luncheon, Tom becomes increasingly suspicious of Gatsby when he sees him staring passionately at Daisy. Daisy stops Gatsby from revealing anything about their relationship, and suggests they all go into town. Everyone leaves for the Plaza, Tom driving Gatsby's car with Nick and Jordan while Gatsby and Daisy take Tom's car. Out of gas, Tom stops at George and Myrtle's garage, where George says he and his wife are moving west, much to Tom's concern. George also voices his suspicions to Tom that his wife may be cheating on him, not knowing that Tom is Myrtle's lover.
At the Plaza, Gatsby tells Tom that he and Daisy are together, claiming that she never loved him. Outraged, Tom accuses Gatsby of making his fortune illegally with Meyer Wolfsheim. Daisy tells Gatsby that he loved him and still loves him, but she cannot claim that he never loved Tom even once. Tom promises that he loves Daisy and that he will take better care of Daisy as Daisy reminds him of his faults in their marriage. As Tom tells Gatsby that he is different from them due to his dubious background, Gatsby lashes out at Tom, frightening Daisy. She leaves with Gatsby, this time in his car. After the fight, Nick realizes that it is his thirtieth birthday.
Later that night, Myrtle leaves her husband, after a fight, rushing out onto the street. She sees Gatsby's yellow car approaching and runs toward it, believing Tom is driving and had come for her. She is struck and killed instantly. Afterwards, Tom, Nick, and Jordan stop by the garage when they see a large crowd has gathered and learn about Myrtle's death. Hurt with his mistress' wife, Tom tells George, her widowed husband, that the yellow car belongs to Gatsby, in the effort to hide his affair and tells George that Gatsby may have been sleeping with Myrtle. 
Nick finds Gatsby lingering outside the Buchanan's mansion, where Gatsby accidentally reveals that Daisy was the driver, though he intends to take the blame. Gatsby is convinced Daisy will call him the next day. He ultimately tells Nick of his "origins:" that he was born penniless, his real name is James Gatz as well as the true reason why he couldn't return to Daisy after the war. Gatsby tells Nick that he asked Daisy to wait for him, as he wanted to make something of himself to be worthy of her, and soon after he met Meyer Wolfshiem and entered his "business." Gatsby also asks Nick to check on Daisy, whe he eavesdrop on her conversation with Tom, promising her that he will take care of everything much to Nick's disappointment. However, he refuses to tell Gatsby about this since his friend hopes for Daisy's call. 
The next morning, Gatsby decides to go for a swim before the pool is drained for the season. He hears the phone ringing, and, believing it is Daisy, climbs out of the pool as the butler answers the phone. Gatsby is abruptly shot and killed by George, who then turns the gun on himself. Nick had been the one who called and heard two gunshots.
When Nick invites Daisy to Gatsby's funeral, he learns that she, Tom, and their daughter are leaving New York. The funeral is attended only by reporters and photographers, whom Nick angrily chases out. The media accuses Gatsby of being Myrtle's lover and the one who killed her, leaving Nick the only person knowing the truth. Nick is then the only person Gatsby was left with. Disgusted with both the city and its people, he leaves New York, but not until he takes a final walk through Gatsby's deserted mansion; reflecting on Gatsby's unique ability of having hope and how he lost everything. Back in the sanatorium, he finishes his memoir and initially titles it "Gatsby," then takes out a pen to re-title it, "The Great Gatsby."
Production.
Development.
Prior to this version, there had already been an opera and numerous film adaptations of F. Scott Fitzgerald's acclaimed 1925 novel of the same name. In December 2008, "Variety" magazine reported that this film adaptation was to be made with Baz Luhrmann to direct it.
Luhrmann stated that he planned it to be more timely due to its theme of criticizing the often irresponsible lifestyles of wealthy people. In order to commit to the project, in September 2010 Luhrmann moved with his family from Australia to Chelsea in Lower Manhattan, where he had intended to film "The Great Gatsby". While Luhrmann was at the Consumer Electronics Show in January 2011, he told "The Hollywood Reporter" that he had been workshopping "The Great Gatsby" in 3D, though he had not yet decided whether to shoot in the format. In late January 2011, Luhrmann showed doubt about staying on board with the project, before deciding to stay.
In 2010, it was reported that the film was being set up by Sony Pictures Entertainment but by 2011, Warner Bros. was close to acquiring a deal to finance and take worldwide distribution of "The Great Gatsby".
Casting.
Luhrmann said the results from the movie's workshop process of auditioning actors for roles in "The Great Gatsby" had been "very encouraging" to him. Leonardo DiCaprio was cast first in the title role of Jay Gatsby. It is the second time that Luhrmann and DiCaprio have worked together, with DiCaprio costarring in Luhrmann's "Romeo + Juliet" (1996). Tobey Maguire was cast to play Nick Carraway. Reports linked Amanda Seyfried to the lead role of Daisy Buchanan, in October 2010. The next month Deadline Hollywood reported that Luhrmann had been auditioning numerous actresses, including Keira Knightley, Rebecca Hall, Amanda Seyfried, Blake Lively, Abbie Cornish, Michelle Williams, and Scarlett Johansson, as well as considering Natalie Portman, for Daisy. Soon after, with her commitment to Cameron Crowe's "We Bought a Zoo", Johansson pulled out.
On November 15, Luhrmann announced that Carey Mulligan had been cast to play Daisy after reading for the part on 2 November in New York. She got the role shortly after Luhrmann showed her audition footage to Sony Pictures Entertainment executives Amy Pascal and Doug Belgrad, who were impressed by the actress's command of the character. Mulligan burst into tears after learning of her casting via a phone call from Luhrmann, who informed her of his decision while she was on the red carpet at an event in New York. Luhrmann said "I was privileged to explore the character with some of the world's most talented actresses, each one bringing their own particular interpretation, all of which were legitimate and exciting. However, specific to this particular production of "The Great Gatsby", I was thrilled to pick up the phone an hour ago to the young Oscar-nominated British actress Carey Mulligan and say to her: 'Hello, Daisy Buchanan.'"
In April, Ben Affleck was in talks about playing the role of Tom Buchanan but had to pass due to a scheduling conflict with "Argo". Several weeks later, Affleck was replaced by Joel Edgerton. Bradley Cooper had previously lobbied for the part and Luke Evans was a major contender. Isla Fisher was cast to play Myrtle Wilson. Australian newcomer Elizabeth Debicki won the part of Jordan Baker, right after graduating from Victorian College of the Arts. When casting for the supporting role of Jordan, the filmmaker said that the character must be "as thoroughly examined as Daisy, for this production, for this time", adding, "It's like Olivier's Hamlet was the right Hamlet for his time. Who would Hamlet be today? Same with a Jordan or a Daisy". In June 2011, Jason Clarke was cast as George B. Wilson. Additionally, Indian actor Amitabh Bachchan makes a cameo appearance as Meyer Wolfshiem; this was his first Hollywood role.
Filming.
"The Great Gatsby" was planned to be filmed in the New York City area where the novel is set, starting in June 2011. The director instead opted to shoot principal photography in Sydney. Filming began on September 5, 2011, at Fox Studios Australia and finished on December 22, 2011, with additional shots filmed in January 2012. The film was shot with Red Epic digital cameras and Zeiss Ultra Prime lenses. Originally scheduled for a December 2012 release, on August 6, 2012, it was reported that the film was being moved to a summer 2013 release date. In September 2012, this date was confirmed to be May 10, 2013. The film opened the 66th Cannes Film Festival on May 15, 2013, shortly following its wide release in RealD 3D and 2D formats.
Sets.
In creating the background scenery for the world depicted in the film, designer Catherine Martin stated that the team styled the interior sets of Jay Gatsby's mansion with gilded opulence, in a style that blended establishment taste with Art Deco. The long-destroyed Beacon Towers, thought by scholars to have partially inspired Fitzgerald's Jay Gatsby estate, was used as a main inspiration for Gatsby's home in the film. The filming for the exterior of Jay Gatsby's mansion was the college building of the International College of Management, Sydney, Some inspiration was also drawn from other Gold Coast, Long Island mansions, including Oheka Castle and La Selva Mansion. Features evoking the Long Island mansions were added in post-production.
The inspiration for the film version of the Buchanan estate came from Old Westbury Gardens. The mansion exterior was built on a soundstage, with digital enhancements added. The interior sets for the Buchanan mansion were inspired by the style of Hollywood Regency.
The home of Nick Carraway was conceived as an intimate cottage, in contrast with the grandeur of the neighboring Gatsby mansion. Objects chosen adhered to a central theme of what the designers saw as classic Long Island. The architecture conjures American Arts and Crafts, with Gustav Stickley-type furnishings inside and an Adirondack-style swing out.
The opening scene was filmed from Rivendell Child, Adolescent and Family Unit in Concord, Sydney, only a few kilometres from Sydney 2000 Olympic Stadium.
Costumes.
Many apparel designers were approached in collaboration of the film's costumes. "The Great Gatsby" achieved the iconic 1920s look by altering pieces from the Prada and Miu Miu fashion archives. Martin also collaborated with Brooks Brothers, once a bestower of suits to Fitzgerald for the costumes worn by the male cast members and extras. Tiffany and Co. were also involved, helping to bring to life the jewelry, both from Tiffany's archive, as well as original pieces created for the film. Additional support came from Fogal for hosiery and MAC for cosmetics.
Catherine Martin and Miuccia Prada were behind the wardrobe and worked closely together to create pieces with "the European flair that was emerging amongst the aristocratic East Coast crowds in the 1920s"
Costume historians of the period, however, said that the costumes were not authentic, but instead modernized the 1920s-era fashions to look more like modern fashions. Most prominently, the women were clothed to emphasize their breasts, such as Daisy's push-up bra, in contrast to the flat-chested fashions of the era. While the book was set in 1922, the movie included fashions from the entire decade of the 1920s and even the 1930s. Many of the fashions from archives were concepts from runways and fashion magazines that were never worn by women in real life. Martin says that she took the styles of the 1920s and made them sexier, and was trying to interpret 1920s styles for a modern audience. Alice Jurow, of the Art Deco Society of California, said that she loved the movie, but most of their members prefer more period-perfect films. The men's costumes were more authentic, except that the pants were too tight.
Marketing.
The first trailer for "The Great Gatsby" was released on , 2012, almost a year before the film's release. Songs featured in various trailers include: "No Church in the Wild" by Jay-Z and Kanye West; a cover of U2's "Love Is Blindness" performed by Jack White; a cover of The Turtles' "Happy Together" by the band Filter; a cover of Amy Winehouse's "Back to Black" performed by André 3000 and Beyoncé; "Young and Beautiful" performed by Lana Del Rey; and two songs, "Bedroom Hymns" and "Over the Love", performed by Florence and the Machine.
On April 15, 2013, Brooks Brothers premiered "The Gatsby Collection", a line of men's clothing, shoes and accessories "inspired by the costumes designed by Catherine Martin for Baz Luhrmann's "The Great Gatsby"". According to "Fashion Weekly", "The looks weren't simply based on 1920s style: the new duds were designed based on the brand's actual archives [...] Brooks Brothers was one of the initial arbiters of Gatsby-era look. The actual costumes, designed by Catherine Martin, will be on display in select Brooks Brothers boutiques."
On April 17, 2013, Tiffany & Co. unveiled windows at its Fifth Avenue flagship store "inspired by" Luhrmann's film and created in collaboration with Luhrmann and costumer Catherine Martin. The jewelry store also premiered "The Great Gatsby Collection" line of jewelry designed in anticipation of the film. The collection comprises 7 pieces: a brooch, a headpiece (both reportedly based on archival Tiffany designs), a necklace, and four different rings, including one in platinum with a 5.25-carat diamond, priced at $875,000.
The exterior of the Harrods department store in London bears film advertising as part of its window displays.
Soundtrack.
Released on May 7, the film's soundtrack is also available in a deluxe edition; a Target exclusive release also features three extra tracks. The film score was executive-produced by Jay-Z and The Bullitts.
Penned by Lana Del Rey and the film's director, Baz Luhrmann, the song "Young and Beautiful" was released to contemporary hit radio as a single, and was used as the film's buzz single. A snippet of the track appeared in the official trailer for the film and played during the scene where the characters portrayed by Leonardo DiCaprio and Carey Mulligan express their romantic feelings for one another. Hip hop magazine "Rap-Up" called the single "haunting", while MTV called it "somber-sounding". The track performed by Florence and the Machine, "Over the Love", references the "green light" symbol from the novel in its lyrics. Chris Payne of "Billboard" praised Beyoncé and André 3000's cover of "Back to Black", made unique with a downtempo EDM wobble. The xx recorded "Together" for the film, with Jamie Smith telling MTV that the band's contribution to the soundtrack sounds like "despair", and revealing that it utilizes a 60-piece orchestra.
Speaking of his goals for the movie's musical backdrop, Baz Luhrman expressed his desire to blend the music of the Jazz Age associated with the 1922 setting of the story with a modern spin. Much like his modern twists applied in "Moulin Rouge!" and "Romeo + Juliet", Baz uses the movie's music not as a background, but instead prominently in the foreground, which takes on a character of its own.
Reception.
Box office.
"The Great Gatsby" earned $144,840,419 in North America, and $206,200,000 in other countries, for a worldwide total of $351,040,419.
In North America, "The Great Gatsby" earned $19.4 million on its opening Friday, including $3.25 million from Thursday night and midnight shows. It went on to finish in second place, behind "Iron Man 3", during its opening weekend, with $51.1 million. This was the sixth-largest opening weekend for a film that didn't debut in first place, the second largest opening weekend for a film starring Leonardo DiCaprio behind "Inception", and Luhrman's highest grossing movie.
Critical response.
"The Great Gatsby" received mixed reviews from critics. A granddaughter of Fitzgerald praised the style and music of the film.
Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives a score of 49% based on reviews from 257 critics. The site commented that "while certainly ambitious—and every bit as visually dazzling as one might expect—Baz Luhrmann's "The Great Gatsby" emphasizes visual splendor at the expense of its source material's vibrant heart." Metacritic gives the film a score of 55, indicating "mixed or average reviews" based on 45 reviews by critics.
Among major critics, Joe Morgenstern of "The Wall Street Journal" felt the elaborate production designs were a misfire and what was "intractably wrong with the film is that there's no reality to heighten; it's a spectacle in search of a soul." The "Chicago Reader" review felt "Luhrmann is exactly the wrong person to adapt such a delicately rendered story, and his 3D feature plays like a ghastly Roaring 20s blowout at a sorority house." The positive reviews included A. O. Scott of "The New York Times", who felt the adaptation was "a lot of fun" and "less a conventional movie adaptation than a splashy, trashy opera, a wayward, lavishly theatrical celebration of the emotional and material extravagance that Fitzgerald surveyed with fascinated ambivalence"; Scott advised "the best way to enjoy the film is to put aside whatever literary agenda you are tempted to bring with you." Ty Burr of "The Boston Globe" reserved special praise for Leonardo DiCaprio's performance, saying "magnificent is the only word to describe this performance — the best movie Gatsby by far, superhuman in his charm and connections, the host of revels beyond imagining, and at his heart an insecure fraud whose hopes are pinned to a woman."
"The Scene Magazine" gave the movie a "B-" rating, but praised the actors' performances, in particular saying that "the stand-out actor is Joel Edgerton as Tom Buchanan doing an excellent job of showing the character’s gruffness, despite the one-dimensionality given to him".
Tobey Maguire's role as Nick was given mixed to negative reviews from critics, with Philip French of "The Guardian" calling him "miscast or misdirected;" Ann Hornaday of The "Washington Post" saying "Tobey Maguire is his usual recessive presence, barely registering as either a dynamic part of the events he describes or their watchful witness;" and Elizabeth Weitzman of The "New York Daily News" saying despite "the wry-observational skills needed for Nick's Midwestern decency," the character is "directed toward a wide-eyed, one-note performance." Rick Groen of The "Toronto Star" star was more positive of Maguire's character, saying "our narrator, prone to his occasionally purple rhetoric. But that imposed conceit, the image of a talented depressive writing from inside the bauble of his imagination, seems to validate his inflated prose and, better yet, lets us re-appreciate its inherent poetry."
Audiences polled by the market research firm CinemaScore gave "The Great Gatsby" a "B" grade on average.
See also.
Other film adaptations of "The Great Gatsby" include:

</doc>
<doc id="30951086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951086" title="Aage William Søgaard">
Aage William Søgaard

Aage William Søgaard (29 December 1933 – 4 May 2010) was a Norwegian trade unionist and politician for the Labour Party.
Career.
He was born in Nes, Hedmark as a son of Martin Søgård (1898–1969) og sydame Ellen Myhre (1907–1963). He had modest education, and worked as a repair man at the factory Hedmark Tørrmelk in Brumunddal from 1955 to 1966. In his local branch (#98) of the union Norwegian Union of Food, Beverage and Allied Workers, he was the treasurer from 1957 to 1964 and chairman from 1964 to 1967. From 1966 to 1982 he worked full-time as secretary of the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions in Hedmark county. He then worked in high positions in Arbeidernes Opplysningsforbund from 1982 to 1999.
He was a member of Ringsaker municipal council from 1963 to 1967. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Hedmark during the term 1969–1973. From 1971 to 1972 he met as a regular representative, filling the seat of Odvar Nordli who was a member of Bratteli's First Cabinet. Søgaard was a member and secretary of the Protocol Committee.
He was a member of the municipal school board from 1967 to 1971 and the county school board from 1973 to 1977. He was a member of the regional board of the Norwegian Labour Inspection Authority from 1981 to 1983, and in Norwegian People's Aid he was a member of the regional board from 1967 to 1981 (chairman since 1971), and deputy chairman nationwide from 1979 to 1983. He was a supervisory council member of the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions from 1967 to 1981, and a board member of the folk high school "Arbeiderbevegelsens Folkehøgskole" from 1967 to 1997. In sports he was the chairman of Brumunddal IL's speed skating section from 1971 to 1975 and of the curling club Brumunddal CK from 1978 to 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="30951090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951090" title="Llandeilo Llwydarth">
Llandeilo Llwydarth

Llandeilo Llwydarth is an ancient area in the foot of the Preseli Hills that borders Llangolman, Maenclochog, Llanycefn and Llandeilo, Wales. It is also the site of an ancient legendary church, linked to Saint Teilo and his skull, which was thought to have healing powers when water from the nearby well was drunk in it.
The church today lies in ruin, and the skull is kept in the south chapel of Llandaff Cathedral in Cardiff.
There remain several wells in the area, with some being high in minerals.
In 1450 the Bishop of ST Davids John de la Bere agreed to renounce his rights to lands held by Henry Perrot keeper of the Forest of Llwydarth. <NA.E. 326/13560>
The forest of Llwydarth covered some 300 acres in the fourteenth century but by the late sixteenth century it had all but disappeared. < Willis Bund, Black Book of ST David's > 

</doc>
<doc id="30951094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951094" title="Anatoly Koteshev">
Anatoly Koteshev

Anatoly Koteshev (; born 16 July 1944) is a Soviet fencer. He won a silver medal in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30951107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951107" title="Contaminated Land Assessment and Remediation Research Centre">
Contaminated Land Assessment and Remediation Research Centre

The Contaminated Land Assessment and Remediation Research Centre (CLARRC) was a multi-disciplinary centre of excellence based in the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, from 1998 until 2010. CLARRC was also a focus for collaboration between different institutions and aimed to encourage engagement between industry and Scottish Higher Education Institutions.
History.
The Contaminated Land Assessment and Remediation Research Centre was founded in June 1998 by the University of Edinburgh, Napier University and the Scottish Universities' Research & Reactor Centre (SURRC) with seed funding from the Scottish Higher Education Funding Council (SHEFC). In 2006, CLARRC became the Scottish Environmental Technology Network (SETN) providing specialist support to SMEs in the emerging Environmental and Clean Technology sector in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="30951111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951111" title="The Chronicle (St. Helens)">
The Chronicle (St. Helens)

The Chronicle is a weekly newspaper published in St. Helens, Oregon, United States. 
It was established in 1881 and is owned by Country Media. "The Chronicle" is published on Wednesdays and has a circulation of 4,372. It is the newspaper of record for Columbia County.
History.
When the newspaper started in 1881, it was named the "Oregon Mist", later renamed to the "St. Helens Mist". In 1933, the "Mist" bought out the "St. Helens Sentinel", which was established in 1926, and the paper was renamed the "Sentinel-Mist". In 1936, a paper named the "St. Helens Chronicle" was started. The "Chronicle" bought the "Sentinel-Mist" in 1968 and the combined publication became known as "The Sentinel-Mist Chronicle", Columbia County's only newspaper. Later the name became "The Chronicle and Sentinel-Mist", finally becoming "The Chronicle" in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30951112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951112" title="West Central Conference (Minnesota)">
West Central Conference (Minnesota)

__NOTOC__
The West Central Conference is a high school athletic conference made up of 11 high schools (in two divisions) in Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="30951118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951118" title="Asylon">
Asylon

Asylon is the sixth studio album by Canadian death metal band Neuraxis. It was released on February 15, 2011, by Prosthetic Records.

</doc>
<doc id="30951123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951123" title="Salahat Aghayev">
Salahat Aghayev

Salahat Aghayev (born 4 January 1991) is an Azerbaijani international footballer who plays for Inter Baku, as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Born in Füzuli, Aghayev has played club football for Inter Baku, MOIK Baku and Sumgayit.
He made his senior international debut for Azerbaijan in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30951147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951147" title="Eric Eskola">
Eric Eskola

Eric Eskola is a journalist and television personality well known for his coverage of Minnesota politics and government.
Eskola has co-hosted the Minnesota political/public affairs show "Almanac" since 1986. He was promoted from the sports desk after the death of the original co-host, Judge Joe Summers. Eskola also spent 30 years as a political reporter for WCCO Radio in Minneapolis before taking an early retirement payout in 2010. He is widely regarded as one of the most influential political reporters in Minnesota.
Eskola is originally from Duluth, Minnesota, and graduated from the University of Minnesota Duluth. His wife, Cathy Wurzer, joined him as Almanac co-host in 1994.
Eskola was inducted into the Pavek Museum of Broadcasting Hall of Fame in October 2010, and he has also won the Frank Premack "Graven Award" for contributions to journalism.

</doc>
<doc id="30951154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951154" title="Zhujiayu">
Zhujiayu

Zhujiayu () is a village in Shandong Province, China that is renowned for the preservation of its historical buildings dating to the Ming and Qing Dynasties. The village is located about 45km to the east of the provincial capital Jinan and falls under the administration of the county-level city of Zhangqiu.

</doc>
<doc id="30951157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951157" title="Wallendorfer Porzellan">
Wallendorfer Porzellan

Wallendorfer Porzellan or Wallendorf Porcelain is a porcelain manufacturing company which has been in operation since 1764 in Lichte (Wallendorf) in the Thuringian Highlands. Wallendorf is one of the oldest porcelain trademarks in Germany and the whole of Europe.
Beginnings.
In the 18th century the territory of Lichte (Wallendorf) was located in two different principalities with the Lichte river forming the border. On the west bank was Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt and on the east bank Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.
In 1761, almost 50 years after the invention of porcelain manufacturing by Ehrenfried Walter von Tschirnhaus and Johann Friedrich Böttger, Johan Wolfgang Hammann from Katzhütte applied to the house of Scharzburg-Rudolstadt for the concession of porcelain manufacturing. Unfortunately, only three days previously this concession had been granted to Heinrich Macheleid in Sitzendorf, so Hamman’s request had to be rejected. However, he did not give up his dream. One year later he was able to fire hard-paste porcelain in Katzhütte, and one year after that he purchased the Baron Hohental manor in Lichte on the Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld bank of the river.
Finally the Duke of Saxe-Coburg granted Hammann his porcelain manufacturing concession, and in 1764, together with Gotthelf Greiner and his cousin Gottfried Greiner, he founded the porcelain manufacturing company in Lichte (Wallendorf). Consequently the trademark "Wallendorf porcelain", one of the oldest porcelain trademarks in Europe, was established.
Early work.
Originally, Wallendorf porcelain was manufactured using local raw materials. This was the main reason for unclean and toned porcelain. However, by 1780 Bohemian kaolin was being used, resulting in snow-white hard-paste porcelain. According to the expert Wilhelm Martius in 1793, "Wallendorf porcelain is now brilliant white, . . . beautifully" painted and so hard, that even sparks are emitted by friction on steel".
Until 1833 the company remained in the hands of Hammann’s family. The turbulent years after that were characterised by often changing ownership. Among famous names—indications of porcelain tradition and quality even today—can be found Hutschenreuther, Kämpfe, Sonntag, Heubach, Fraureuth, and Schaubach. The changes in ownership and the economic up and downs were reflected in changes intrademarks. In this time imitations of the Meissen porcelain trademark were noticed and were the subject of complaints to the Electoral Saxe-Coburg Land Authority. Today’s trademark of the letter W below a crown and the foundation year of 1764 was introduced 200 years after the foundation of Wallendorf porcelain.
Traditions and developments.
The typical character of Wallendorf porcelain has survived for almost two and a half centuries until today. In 1764 production started with handmade coffee, tea and chocolate services; in 1785 these were complemented by figurines. These areas are still the main focuses of production. Of course, the technology of raw material mixtures and firing procedures have changed. However, the particular detailed composition invented by Hammann has been improved and survived the centuries as a top secret releasable to insiders only. The typical handmade procedures, such as quality management by experts and hand painting, have remained almost unchanged.

</doc>
<doc id="30951161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951161" title="Prithvipur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Prithvipur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Prithvipur Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. Initially, it came into existence in 1951 as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state, but it was abolished in 1956. This constituency again came into existence in 2008, following the delimitation of the legislative assembly constituencies.
Overview.
Prithvipur (constituency number 45) is one of the 5 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Tikamgarh district. This constituency covers the Prithvipur and Jeron Khalsa nagar panchayats and parts of Jatara and Prithvipur tehsils of the district.
Prithivpur is part of Tikamgarh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Tikamgarh, Jatara, Niwari and Khargapur in this district and Maharajpur, Chhatarpur and Bijawar in Chhatarpur district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As from a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As from a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30951171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951171" title="George Farmer (Royal Navy officer)">
George Farmer (Royal Navy officer)

George Farmer (1732 – 6 October 1779) was an officer of the Royal Navy.
Early life.
Farmer was son of John Farmer, of a Northamptonshire family settled at Youghal in Ireland. He went to sea at an early age in the merchant service, and afterwards, entering the navy, served as a midshipman of the 60-gun with Captain Maurice Suckling in the West Indies, and aboard , on the home station, with the Hon. Samuel Barrington. In May 1759 he was promoted to be lieutenant of the frigate , in which he served until January 1761 on the home station. 
He was then placed on half-pay, and settled for the time in Norwich, where he had been previously employed on the impress service, and where he now married. In 1766 he is said to have given assistance in suppressing a riot there, and to have been promoted to the rank of commander in May 1768, in consequence of the representations of the local magistrates.
In command.
He had, however, no active employment till September 1769, when he was appointed to command the 14-gun sloop . In her he went out to the Falkland Islands, where, on his arrival in the following March, he found that the Spanish, having established themselves at Puerto Soledad, had sent to Port Egmont, peremptorily ordering the English to quit the settlement, precipitating the Falklands Crisis. As there was no English force to resist any aggression, the senior officer, Captain Hunt, decided to go to England with the news, leaving Farmer in command. 
A few days later the "Swift" sailed for a cruise round the islands; but in a gale was blown over to the coast of Patagonia, and in attempting to go into Port Desire struck on a rock, and was lost. The crew escaped to the shore, but being entirely destitute Farmer despatched the cutter to Port Egmont with orders to the only remaining ship, , to come to their relief. On 16 April they arrived safely at Port Egmont. On 4 June a Spanish frigate anchored in the harbour; she was presently followed by four others, and the commandant wrote to Farmer that, having with him fourteen hundred troops and a train of artillery, he was in a position to compel the English to quit, if they hesitated any longer. Farmer replied that he should defend himself to the best of his power; but when the Spaniards landed, Farmer, after firing his guns, capitulated on terms, an inventory of the stores being taken, and the English permitted to return to their own country in the "Favourite". 
After arriving in September, Farmer, on being acquitted of all blame for the loss of the "Swift", was appointed to the 16-gun sloop , and a few months later, January 1771, was promoted to post rank. In August 1773 he was appointed to the 24-gun , and sailed for the East Indies, having among his petty officers Thomas Troubridge, a master's mate, and Horatio Nelson, a midshipman.
Death in action.
On returning to England after an uneventful commission, Farmer was appointed in March 1778 to the 32-gun , in which he was employed during the year in convoy service in the North Sea. In 1779 he was stationed chiefly at Guernsey as a guard for the Channel Islands, and to gain intelligence. It was thus that as early as 18 June he sent over news that the French fleet had sailed from Brest, that the Spanish fleet had sailed from Cadiz, and that there were at Le Havre great preparations for an invading force. 
On 6 July he wrote that he had driven on shore and destroyed a convoy of forty-nine small vessels, with a 20-gun frigate and several armed vessels; but that the "Quebec" herself had struck heavily on the rocks, and he had been obliged to throw his guns overboard. This necessitated his going to Portsmouth for repairs, and when these were finished, as there were no 12-pounders to replace the lost guns, he had to be supplied with 9-pounders, which were taken from another frigate not ready for sea. 
With this reduced armament, off Ushant, on 6 October, the "Quebec" met the French 32-gun 12-pounder frigate "Surveillante", carrying nearly double the number of men. A sharp action ensued; after about three hours and a half both ships were dismasted; but the "Quebec"s sails falling over the guns caught fire, and the frigate was speedily in a blaze. There was little wind and a great swell; the "Surveillante", completely disabled, was at some little distance; the cutter was to leeward, and also dismasted; and the French cutter "Expédition", which had been engaged with the "Rambler", had sought safety in flight. It was thus impossible to help the burning frigate, which after some four or five hours blew up. Sixty-six only out of about 195 that were on board were picked up by the boats of the "Surveillante", of the "Rambler", and of a Russian vessel that came on the scene; the rest, including Captain Farmer, perished.
Family.
Farmer had been previously wounded, and his conduct both in the action and during the fire was admired. At the special request of the Board of Admiralty, a baronetcy was conferred on his eldest son, then 17 years of age; also a pension of £200 a year to his widow, Rebecca, the daughter of Captain William Fleming of the Royal Navy, and of £25 per annum to each of eight children, and a ninth not yet born.

</doc>
<doc id="30951184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951184" title="Boom-ba">
Boom-ba

The boom-ba is a type of bladder fiddle, known throughout the Pennsylvania Dutch culture of eastern Pennsylvania, United States. The instrument focuses heavily on loud percussion, typically consisting of a variety of percussion instruments attached to a wooden pole. The exact designs of a boom-ba vary, with much emphasis being put on the personalization of the boom-ba. Common features typically include a spring-loaded rubber base (much like a pogo stick), with percussion instruments such as bells and wood blocks attached. Nearly all boom-bas also include a set of cymbals which crash as the boom-ba is bounced, and a tambourine which can be played with a drumstick or shaken as the boom-ba is played.
The boom-ba is similar in nature to the "stumpf fiddle", though the stumpf fiddle generally lacks the loud crashing cymbal on top. It is this loud crash when bounced that makes the boom-ba distinct.

</doc>
<doc id="30951185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951185" title="2011 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament was held March 4–7 at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, VA to crown a champion of the Colonial Athletic Association. Old Dominion, the runner up in the regular season, beat the fourth seeded VCU in the final taking them into the NCAA tournament with conferences automatic bid. Old Dominion, George Mason, and VCU each participated in the NCAA tournament, with George Mason and VCU receiving at large bids.

</doc>
<doc id="30951197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951197" title="Olya Ivanisevic">
Olya Ivanisevic

Olya Ivanisevic (Serbian: Оља Иванишевић / "Olja Ivanišević") (born April 28, 1988) is a Serbian fashion model. She has been on the cover of Italian "Flair" (April 2008), "Marie Claire" (November 2008), "Velvet" (November 2009); and the Serbian "Elle" (May 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="30951210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951210" title="Priory Church">
Priory Church

Priory Church is the name of many Christian churches which have had a connection with a priory. 
Examples (arranged by order of country, then place-name) include:
United Kingdom.
When monasteries were closed in the Protestant Reformation of the sixteenth century, the churches were often given a new role as parish churches. At Oxford a priory church became the city's cathedral. 
While priory churches are usually associated with former priories rather than active priories, a few priories have been constructed since the Reformation, for example St Dominic's Priory Church.

</doc>
<doc id="30951213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951213" title="Otoyol 21">
Otoyol 21

Otoyol 21 (), abbreviated as , aka Ankara-Tarsus Otoyolu or currently Kemerhisar-Tarsus Otoyolu () or, is a partly complete toll motorway in the Central Anatolia and Mediterranean regions in Turkey. Currently, it is connecting Kemerhisar in Niğde Province with the Adana-Erdemli Motorway at Tarsus in Mersin Province. On its full length, it is part of the European .

</doc>
<doc id="30951220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951220" title="Adnan Zahirović">
Adnan Zahirović

Adnan Zahirović (born 23 March 1990) is a Bosnian international footballer who plays professionally for German club VfL Bochum as a midfielder.
Career.
Zahirović previously played for Dinamo Minsk, on loan from Spartak Nalchik.
He moved to German club VfL Bochum in July 2013.
Zahirović made his international debut in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30951243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951243" title="Charles Draper">
Charles Draper

Charles Draper may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30951253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951253" title="Ljubo Babić">
Ljubo Babić

Ljubo Babić (1890–1974), was a Croatian painter, graphic artist, theatrical set and costume designer, teacher, art historian, critic, and museum curator. As an artist, he worked in a variety of media including oils, tempera, watercolour, drawing, etching, and lithography. He was one of the most influential figures in the Zagreb art scene between the two world wars.
He collaborated with director Branko Gavella in creating a series of set designs for the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb. In 1940 he became a full professor at the Academy of Fine Arts Zagreb. He held exhibitions at home and abroad and published many articles on art history and critiques of contemporary art events. He wrote and illustrated many books, worked on designs for posters, interiors and decorative arts objects.
Biography.
Ljubomir Tito Stjepan Babić was born in Jastrebarsko, on 14 June 1890, son of Judge Antun Babić and Milka (née Kovačić), and nephew of the author Ljubo Babić (better known as Ksaver Šandor Gjalski). The Babić family had been raised to the nobility in 1716 by Charles VI Hapsburg. The Babic family seat was Gredice near Zabok, which had been purchased by Ljubo Babić's grandfather.
Following his father's work transfers, young Ljubo attended elementary school in Slatina, Glina and Jastrebarsko. He attended high school in Bjelovar, with the final two years in the Donji Grad gymnasium in Zagreb. During that time, he attended private art school with Menci Clement Crnčić and Bela Čikoš Sesija, and took classes at the School of Arts and Crafts. After completing high school in 1908, at his father's encouragement he enrolled in the Faculty of Law at Zagreb University, but soon abandoned his studies for painting.
Thanks to a scholarship from Count Teodor Pejačević Babić was able to attend the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich where he studied painting with Angelo Jank (1910–11), and Franz von Stuck (1911–13). In Munich, he completed a course of artistic anatomy at the Medical School while also studying set design at the Künstlertheater. In 1913-14 he went on to complete his art studies in Paris, returning to his homeland at the beginning of the First World War. There he opened a "modern painting school" in his studio, but soon afterwards accepted a teaching position at the School of Arts, (now the Academy of Fine Arts) where he became a full professor in 1940, working there for 45 years until he retired in 1961. During the 1930s, he visited other schools and institutes around Europe in order to learn from their experience and improve teaching at the Zagreb academy. In 1932, he graduated in art history from the Faculty of Philosophy, Zagreb University.
In addition to his painting and teaching careers, Ljubo Babić was the first curator of the Modern Gallery in Zagreb (1919) whose inaugural exhibition featured the previously unknown works of Josip Račić. He organized exhibitions of modern French and German Art in Zagreb, and an exhibition of medieval art from Yugoslavia in Paris in 1950. For many years he was the director of The Strossmayer Gallery of Old Masters (from 1947) responsible for organizing many important exhibitions.
Ljubo Babić was one of the organizers of the Croatian Spring Salon (1916), the Independent group of Croatian artists (1923), the Group of Three (1929), Group of Four (1928), the group of Croatian artists (1936) and Croatian artists (1939).
Ljubo Babić was elected as a Member of Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts in 1928, becoming a full member in 1950.
He died in Zagreb on 14 May 1974.
Legacy.
Ljubo Babić was a central figure in the Croatian art scene in the period between the two world wars. His views provided a strong influence over the art of the time.
His early work from Munich shows some poetic symbolism and art nouveau. In portraits, he soon began to depict the more psychological characteristics of his subject. From 1916, expressionistic ideas and themes appeared, and a move towards abstraction, resulting in some of his finest works. In November 1916, on the death of Emperor Francis Joseph, all the streets of Zagreb were dressed in black flags. Inspired by this image, Babić, then aged 26, painted the scene from the second floor window of his studio on Ilica Street. In the foreground is a long, torn black flag and behind it are ominous clouds, and below the people passing. Black Flag ("crna zastava") stands as one of his most memorable images.
The writer Miroslav Krleža said of Babić - in the years between 1916 and 1922 - that he was strongly influenced by the time and by his own ideas. A strong influence on both was the poet Silvije Strahimir Kranjčević. Babić illustrated Kranjčević's "Songs" ("Pjesme", 1908) and many of the poet's themes entered Babić's own work. From the inspiration of the mountain Velebit as seen from Crnčić, Babić created one of his most successful series: "View from the Sky" ("Pogled s neba"), "Aerial view" ("Arielov pogled"). He would later be known as the father of modern landscape painting in Croatia.
A journey to Spain in 1920 resulted in an expressive series of paintings, including the powerful black "Fishermen" ("Ribere"). This cycle of Spanish street scenes was well received and stands as a high point of Babić's own art and Croatian painting in general.
Around 1930, Babić started a series of landscapes and people from around Croatia. He would travel south in the summer months, sketching scenes from Koločep and Pelješca, to Čiovo and Trogir (1930–1936). He was working on what he called "native expression", believing that the landscape, historical experience and folk art could reveal the characteristics of the people. Back in his studio, he created an impressive cycle of landscapes (the series Homeland, "Rodni kraj" 1933-1939). This series brings his art close to documentary work and Babić worked closely with Matica hrvatska on aspects of folk heritage and modern cultural and artistic issues.
Babić was one of the creators of the golden years of Zagreb theatre life in the 1920s and 30s. He made his debut as set designer in 1918, altogether creating about 180 designs (often also sketches for the costumes) for drama, comedy and operatic performances. His designs were always based on the logic of the stage events, and contributed greatly to the development of dramatic action. He was also the founder of the first artistic Puppet Theatre in Zagreb (1920), and his set designs for the Paris Expo in 1925, earned him the Grand Prix.
In addition to being a creative artist and designer, Babić was also an interpreter and popularizer of art: as an art writer and critic, as a lecturer, and as a museum curator. He was the most reliable interpreter of Croatian heritage in art museums and exhibitions between 1919-1948. He also created posters and some very successful books on art (1908–1960).
Babić's literary output includes 20 books, brochures and special editions, around 400 articles in periodicals, many encyclopedia articles and several educational programs. In addition to educational and critic works, he also left a number of travel and autobiographical texts. Babić's travelogue text New York "skyline" was included in an anthology America Spectrum from one hundred forty-one works of European writers and works (Spektrum America aus Werken hunderteinundvierzig europäischer Dichter und Werken), Wien-München-Manutius Press, 1964. He was a member of several editorial boards of literary magazines, and editor of the Academy bulletin 1957.
KlasikTV Video about Ljubo Babić and his work is available on YouTube
Exhibitions.
Babić exhibited from 1910 until his death in 1974 in solo, group and collective shows around the world, including the "Medulića" Munich annual exhibition with other artists of the Vienna (Austria) Secession, the Croatian Spring Salon, Lade exhibitions, Independent Artists, Group of Three, Croatian artists, the XXI Venice Biennale, and in a number of other exhibitions of Croatian and Yugoslav artists. At the Exposition internationale in Paris 1925 and in New York in 1926, he worked in the International Theatre Exhibition.
Group shows.
Recent exhibitions of Babić's work include
Public collections.
Babić's work can be found in the following public collections
Croatia
Macedonia (F.Y.R.M.)

</doc>
<doc id="30951254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951254" title="Psilogramma joachimi">
Psilogramma joachimi

Psilogramma joachimi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Seram in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30951268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951268" title="Leonid Romanov (fencer)">
Leonid Romanov (fencer)

Leonid Romanov (; born 13 February 1947) is a Soviet fencer. He won a silver medal in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30951275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951275" title="Psilogramma lifuense">
Psilogramma lifuense

Psilogramma lifuense is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Loyalty Islands.
It is a pale species, some specimens are nearly all white on the thorax and forewing. There are thin black discal streaks on the forewing upperside, often partly or totally obsolete. There is no distinct medio-costal brown area even in dark specimens. In dark specimens, the discal lines are pronounced; in pale ones the markings, including the proximal part of the apical black line, become indistinct.

</doc>
<doc id="30951297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951297" title="Psilogramma floresica">
Psilogramma floresica

Psilogramma floresica is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Flores in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30951305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951305" title="Vera Olsson">
Vera Olsson

Vera Olsson is a Finnish TV-producer and TV-host. She has worked as a producer for MoonTV, FremantleMedia and The Voice TV Finland. Her works include "Venäjän halki 30 päivässä" for YLE network, "Loman Tarpeessa" and "Arman Reilaa" for Nelonen, and "Dresscode (TV series)" for MoonTV.

</doc>
<doc id="30951308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951308" title="Psilogramma frankenbachi">
Psilogramma frankenbachi

Psilogramma frankenbachi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30951319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951319" title="Psilogramma gerstmeieri">
Psilogramma gerstmeieri

Psilogramma gerstmeieri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Guangdong in China.

</doc>
<doc id="30951333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951333" title="Igor Valetov">
Igor Valetov

Igor Valetov (; born 1 February 1946 in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR) is a Soviet fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30951336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951336" title="Sadangi">
Sadangi

Sadangi or Sarangi, (Sanskrit:षडङ्गी),(Oriya:ଷଡଙ୍ଗୀ) are a sub group of Utkala Brahmin who have Oriya as their mother tongue. They inhabit mainly the coastal and deltaic area of Orissa. Later on, large numbers of Sarangi families migrated to Garjat regions, Jharkhand, Chhatisgarh and West Bengal.They belong to Shrauta/vedic class Brahmins.The Brahmins following Shrauta/vedic tradition, have right to read and teach Vedas and hence are known as Vedic Brahmins or Namaskaraniya.Their surname is derived from that they once specialised on the six Vedangas of Samaveda (Sanskrit:सामवेद षडङ्ग). They generally follow Kauthuma Shaakha (କୌଥୁମ୍ନ ଶାଖା) of Samaveda.Samavedis follow mainly Khadira grihya sutra, Drahyayana shrauta, and Naradiya Shiksha. Some also follow Gobhilya grihya.

</doc>
<doc id="30951363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951363" title="Mid-State 6 Conference">
Mid-State 6 Conference

The Mid-State 6 Conference is a high school athletics conference in central Illinois, made up of the high schools in Peoria, Illinois plus various other schools over the course of its existence. It existed for several decades: previous names included MidState 8, MidState 9 in the 1960s, Mid-State 10 in the 1980s and 1990s.
, the only schools remaining were in the city of Peoria: Peoria Notre Dame and the three general public high schools Manual, Peoria (Central), and Richwoods. Those schools are set to join the Big 12 Conference by 2015.
History.
After IVC High School and Quincy Notre Dame left the Mid-State 6, a merger with the Western Big 6 Conference was set to begin in 2013 with football. However, when Manual's prior obligation to play Eureka made it unable to schedule a game with Moline High School, the merger failed, with the Mid-State 6 schools instead playing officially as independents against Western Big 6 Conference schools in football during the 2013–2014 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="30951373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951373" title="Sergey Paramonov">
Sergey Paramonov

Sergey Paramonov (; born 16 September 1945) is a Soviet fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30951380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951380" title="List of awards and nominations received by Rajinikanth">
List of awards and nominations received by Rajinikanth

Rajinikanth is an Indian film actor. In a career spanning nearly four decades Rajinikanth has won many awards from numeorus associations. He is a nine time recipient of the Tamil Nadu State Film Awards out of which six are under Best Actor category. He also received numerous awards from Cinema Express and Filmfans' Association for his on-screen performances and off-screen contributions. He won his only Filmfare award for "Nallavanuku Nallavan" in 1984. As of 2011, Rajinikanth has won 43 awards from 46 nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="30951383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951383" title="Eio Books">
Eio Books

Eio Books is an American-based small press publishing house founded in 2004 in the city of Brattleboro, Vermont. In 2011, it opened a second office in Ross, California. Begun by Sydney Longfellow and Ki Longfellow, it is primarily known for the 2005 publication of Longfellow’s novel, "The Secret Magdalene", an exploration of the mystery of gnosis told through an interpretation of the life of Mary Magdalene.
Eio Books established itself through the success of its first publication. Ki Longfellow is the author of a number of books published by Harper Collins and Doubleday. The first in her Eio Books published trilogy of gnosis, "The Secret Magdalene" enjoyed instant acclaim and was then purchased and republished by Crown Publishing Group, the historical division of Random House. It has also been optioned by Nancy Savoca for a feature film now in active preproduction.
Eio Books has also published the second in Longfellow’s trilogy: "Flow Down Like Silver: Hypatia of Alexandria" (2009), and in February 2011, it offered Twinka Thiebaud’s intimate memoir of Henry Miller and his table talk, "What Doncha Know? about Henry Miller". This book contains not only Thiebaud’s musings on her years of living with an aging Miller, but dozens of Miller’s own personal tales about his life and times.
In May, 2011, Eio Books produced its first book of fantasy and psychological horror: "Houdini Heart". It was considered for the Bram Stoker Award for Best Novel.
Early in 2012, Eio reprinted Ki Longfellow's first published novel, "China Blues" (published under the name Pamela Longfellow): (Harper Collins (UK), Doubleday (US), as well as eight foreign language printings. In 1989 "China Blues" was the subject of a bidding war between a number of major publishers.
Recently, the small publishing house added a new name to its roster of writers: James C. McKay, a highly placed litigator who served as the special prosecutor investigating the part of Edwin Meese III in the Wedtech scandal. At the time, Meese was Attorney General under the Reagan Administration. McKay's two books, one a memoir and one a thriller set in and around the Food and Drug Administration are being prepared for publication. The semi-autobiographical "Billy's War" was published in April of 2013.
Also in early April of 2013, Longfellow's first three titles in a series of murder mysteries in the hardboiled noir tradition featuring Sam Russo, 1940s Staten Island, New York Private Eye, saw print.

</doc>
<doc id="30951390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951390" title="Circle jerk (sexual practice)">
Circle jerk (sexual practice)

A circle jerk is a sexual practice in which a group of men or boys form a circle and masturbate themselves or each other. In the metaphorical sense, the term is used to refer to self-congratulatory behavior or discussion amongst a group of people, usually in reference to a "boring or time-wasting meeting or other event".
Description.
Circle jerks are typically an experience of adolescents, teenagers, and college students. Often, they feature a competitive element, with the "winner" being the participant able to ejaculate first, last, or farthest depending on the pre-established rules. They can serve as an introduction to sexual relations with other males, or as a sexual outlet at an age or situation when regular sexual activity with a female or other men is not possible. Circle jerking may or may not involve physical contact with others in the groups. Masturbating other participants, or stimulating other participants' penises or scrotums often occurs. Non-penetrative sexual rubbing against another participants body may also occur, such as frot. Frot is when two penises (or more) are rubbed against each other. This may jokingly be called 'sword-fighting', which usually involves the competitive element of trying to make the other participant ejaculate first.
Motivation.
While circle jerks feature a homoerotic element, some analysts interpret adolescent boys' group activities such as circle jerks as an effort to establish heterosexual, masculine dominance within the group. What actually motivates participation is to have friends witness and acknowledge one's sexual prowess, helping to counter teenage feelings of inadequacy related to sex.

</doc>
<doc id="30951392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951392" title="Van Buren County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Van Buren County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Van Buren County Courthouse in Keosauqua, Iowa, United States was built in 1843. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. It is the only building the county has used as its courthouse, and it is the oldest courthouse in Iowa. In 1845 the courthouse served as the location for a trial resulting in the first death penalty in Iowa history.
History.
Van Buren County, Iowa was established on December 7, 1836. The first meeting of the county court and officials was held the following spring in Farmington, Iowa. However, the Wisconsin territorial legislature—which Iowa was a part of until 1838—changed the county seat to the village of Rochester in December, 1837. Territorial Governor Henry Dodge vetoed the change so an election was held in 1838 to settle the matter. The voters chose Keosauqua, which was then required to supply $5,000 in materials and land for the construction of a county courthouse. 
The Van Buren County commissioners accepted a bid of $6,500 from James Hall and John Fairman on May 30, 1840 for construction of the courthouse, with Sewall Kenny and Henry King named as building agents. However, early the following January the commissioners relieved the agents of their duties and named Edwin Manning to finish the construction. This was done in September, 1843 at a final cost of $6,712 dollars. Edwin Manning would later build the Hotel Manning in Keosauqua, now also on the National Register of Historic Places.
The finished Greek Revival-style building was one of the largest west of the Mississippi River for that time period. The framework of the courthouse was constructed of native oak from the area as well as locally-manufactured brick for the exterior. Iron truss rods were installed in the building to provide further strength. he exterior walls are 22 inches (55.88 cm) thick on the first floor and 18 inches (45.72 cm) on the second floor. Locally-harvested walnut completed most of the interior, trim, and two circular staircases. Originally the courthouse included a ten foot square tower rising another sixteen feet above the second floor however it was removed in the mid-1800s. The circular walnut staircases were also removed and replaced by the single one presently in use.
The courthouse today.
Still in use, the Van Buren County courthouse received a major interior restoration over a two-year period between 1981 and 1983, improving safety while preserving much of the original look and feel. The exterior of the building was renovated in 1997 and included a ramp to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act. While still serving as an active courtroom, the building also features historical displays, photos of former judges, portraits, and maps. The county office building, located south of the courthouse, is also well over a century old having been constructed in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="30951411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951411" title="Sofija Milošević">
Sofija Milošević

Sofija Milošević (Cyrillic: Софија Милошевић) is a Serbian fashion model.
Personal life.
Sofija was engaged to Filip Živojinović, son of retired Serbian tennis player Slobodan Živojinović, she was also in relationship with Serbian tennis player Viktor Troicki.

</doc>
<doc id="30951473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951473" title="Georgi Zažitski">
Georgi Zažitski

Georgi Zažitski (born 5 February 1946) is a Soviet fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30951492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951492" title="List of University of Karachi alumni">
List of University of Karachi alumni

This is a list of alumni of the University of Karachi.
A
B
F
G
H
I
J
K
M
N
P
Q
R
S
T
W
Z

</doc>
<doc id="30951527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951527" title="The Third-Class Carriage">
The Third-Class Carriage

The Third-Class Carriage is a c. 1862-1864 oil on canvas painting by Honoré Daumier, in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. A similar painting by Daumier with the same title is in the National Gallery of Canada.
Daumier had drawn and painted images of rail travel since the 1840s. This version of "The Third-Class Carriage" appears to be closely related to an 1864 watercolor now in the Walters Art Museum. The painting is unfinished, and is squared for transfer.
"The Third-Class Carriage" evidences Daumier's interest, as also seen in his graphic works, in the lives of working-class Parisians. Third-class railway carriages were cramped, dirty, open compartments with hard benches, filled with those who could not afford second or first-class tickets. In the bench facing the viewer are seated, from left, a woman holding her baby, an older woman with her hands clasped atop a basket, and a young boy asleep. Seated behind them are anonymous rows of women and men.
The painting entered the Metropolitan Museum in 1929 as part of the H. O. Havemeyer bequest.

</doc>
<doc id="30951577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951577" title="Daryl Jones (American football)">
Daryl Jones (American football)

Daryl Lawrence Jones (born February 2, 1979) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League. He was drafted by the New York Giants in the seventh round of the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Miami.
Jones was also played for the Minnesota Vikings.

</doc>
<doc id="30951591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951591" title="News-Times (Newport)">
News-Times (Newport)

The News-Times is a bi-weekly newspaper published in Newport, Oregon, United States. It was established in 1882 and is owned by the News Media Corporation. The "News-Times" is published on Wednesdays and Fridays has a circulation of 6,842 . It is the newspaper of record for Lincoln County.
History.
At least 20 different newspapers have been published in the Lincoln County area. The county's first newspaper was the "Yaquina Post", established in 1882 and published in Yaquina City by Collins Van Cleve. In 1889, Van Cleve was also publishing the "Scio Press" out of Yaquina City. Various newspapers started and closed until 1893, when, in the same year Lincoln County was officially established from part of Benton County, two newspapers were started: the "Yaquina Bay News" out of Newport, and the "Lincoln County Leader" out of Toledo. The "Yaquina Bay News" became known as the "Newport News" by the 1960s, after many ownership and name changes and mergers. At this time the "Newport News" bought out the "Lincoln County Times" of Waldport, the two names were combined to form the "News-Times". The "News-Times" bought the "Lincoln County Leader" about a year later. The paper is currently owned by News Media Corporation, who purchased it from Lee Enterprises in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="30951592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951592" title="Oozing Bass Spasms">
Oozing Bass Spasms

Oozing Bass Spasms is a full length, studio album released by Otto von Schirach. It was released in 2008 on Cock Rock Disco, and also released on Hymen Records in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="30951598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951598" title="Viktor Bazhenov">
Viktor Bazhenov

Viktor Bazhenov (; born 6 August 1946) is a Soviet fencer. He won a silver medal in the team sabre event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30951619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951619" title="Niwari (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Niwari (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Niwari Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state. 
Overview.
Niwari (constituency number 46) is one of the 5 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Tikamgarh district. This constituency covers the entire Niwari tehsil and part of Prithvipur tehsil of the district.
Niwari is part of Tikamgarh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Jatara, Prithvipur, Tikamgarh and Khargapur in this district and Maharajpur, Chhatarpur and Bijawar in Chhatarpur district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As from a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As from a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30951633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951633" title="Christen Mølbach">
Christen Mølbach

Christen Mølbach (1766 – 1834) was a Norwegian merchant and politician. He represented Stavanger amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. He was later also a member of the Parliament of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="30951635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951635" title="Psilogramma gloriosa">
Psilogramma gloriosa

Psilogramma gloriosa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="30951656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951656" title="Montgomery County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Montgomery County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Montgomery County Courthouse in Red Oak, Iowa, United States was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Montgomery County’s first county seat was Frankfort and the courthouse there was a room in a log cabin. A dining room set was used for the furniture and the jury deliberated outside. It was replaced by a two-story building that was built for $1,000. When the county seat was moved to Red Oak the building was put on a sled and thirty yoke of oxen pulled through a blizzard to its new site on the town square. The cornerstone for the present courthouse was laid on July 4, 1890 and construction was completed a year later. The Romanesque Revival style building was built at a cost of $100,000.

</doc>
<doc id="30951678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951678" title="Psilogramma hainanensis">
Psilogramma hainanensis

Psilogramma hainanensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family which is endemic to Hainan, China.

</doc>
<doc id="30951695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951695" title="Psilogramma hauensteini">
Psilogramma hauensteini

Psilogramma hauensteini is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Guizhou in China.

</doc>
<doc id="30951700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951700" title="John Haase (author)">
John Haase (author)

"Not to be confused with the criminal John Haase"
Dr. John Haase (August 21, 1923 – August 3, 2006) was a dentist and author, whose most well known novel was adapted into the 1968 Richard Lester film "Petulia", starring George C. Scott and Julie Christie.
Life.
Haase was born in Frankfurt, the only son of a Lutheran father and Jewish mother. The growing threat of Nazi power forced the family to migrate to San Francisco in 1936. 
He graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles, and then studied at the Dental School of the University of San Francisco. He enlisted during World War II, and served in the Army in Texas. 
Haase practised in the Westwood section of Los Angeles, with many celebrities, including Conrad Hilton, for clients, for nearly forty years.
He married Jean Rosenblatt in 1948. They had 4 children, but the marriage ended in divorce. In 1975, he wed Janis. 
He died in Montecito, of complications arising out of Emphysema.
Haase as Author.
His first novel, The Young Who Sin, appeared in 1958.
"Me and the Arch Kook Petulia" takes a searingly satirical look at the America of the 1960s. It is the story of an affair between a middle aged doctor, in the midst of a divorce, and a self described kook who wants to have an affair because she has been married for six months and has not had one yet. Haase was not happy with the adaptation for screen. However the release of Lester's film was greeted with acclaim. The New York Times, commenting in July 2006 on a DVD collection of comedies from the 1960s and 70s, called "Petulia" the most notable of a group of groundbreaking films from the 60's recently released on DVD.
"Erasmus with Freckles" features Erasmus Leaf, who nurses a crush for Brigitte Bardot, and his father, an absent minded poet with a distaste for science, who has to deal with the mathematical genius that his son demonstrates.
"Big Red", a historical novel, describes the construction of Hoover Dam in the early 1930s. The title refers to the Colorado River, although the appellation is not well recognized among locales. Haase had in mind, from personal chats, to produce a book that compared to Steinbeck's "Grapes of Wrath;" unfortunately, the novel was not so received. Much of its local geography is based upon the research of a geographer, who also engaged in fieldwork in Haase's behalf. 
Haase was a prolific travel writer too, with several articles appearing in magazines and newspapers.
He also wrote an episode of the "Richard Boone Show" on Television in 1963, called "The Wall to Wall War".

</doc>
<doc id="30951707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951707" title="Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad">
Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad

The Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad, also known as the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Railroad, an interurban rail, began operations in 1906 and linked Rochester, New York, with the nearby towns of Newark, Egypt, Fairport and Palmyra. At its peak the railroad was in length and employed third-rail for power instead of the more traditional overhead catenary. The railroad was owned by the Beebe Syndicate, and was the only one of its properties that was designed and constructed by the management group.
History.
The rail was part of the "Beebe Syndicate", a group of 12 high-speed, interurban, electric train lines which ran from Buffalo, New York, through Rochester and Syracuse, then north to Oswego on Lake Ontario. The Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad (RS&E) portion ran from downtown Rochester to Auburn through East Rochester, Fairport, Palmyra, Newark, among others. 
The tracks paralleled the New York Central Railroad and the Erie Canal and had only one grade crossing with another railroad its entire length.
The consent to build was granted by the New York State Board of Railroad commissioners on September 1, 1902. By 1907, the road operated from Rochester to Clyde and the work to Port Byron was well underway
Company management.
During March 1905, the company, headed by Lyman C. Smith of Syracuse, and C. T. Beebe, general manager, announced the expected completion of the portion of the road between Rochester and Lyons, a distance of , as ready for operation by January 1, 1906. The plans for the construction work involved the expenditure of more than $2,000,000. More than 1,000 men were hired to complete the construction. The object of the project was to unite Syracuse and Rochester with a double-tracked railroad upon which electric cars would be driven at a rate of .
The towns and cities touched by this railroad were Brighton, Despatch, Fairport, Egypt, Macedon, Palmyra, Newark, Lyons, Clyde, Savannah, Port Byron, Weedsport, Jordan, Memphis, Warners, Amboy, Belle Isle and Syracuse. With a few exceptions, the road was built on public right of way.
Four bridges between Palmyra and Rochester were ordered from the Owego Bridge Company and several more were in the works. They were the most "approved style" in use on interurban roads and cost from $10,500 to $12,000 each.
Company expansion.
By June 1910, the company had completed plans for the construction of shops and buildings including four standard stations at Lyons, Newark, Fairport and Brighton. The waiting room was designed to have a seating capacity of 35 persons and the freight section was by . Both sections were estimated to cost $16,000 each and would be completed later in the year.
At the same time, an announcement was made that the rail had added a new link connecting Syracuse to Port Byron.
The Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Roadroad crossed Wayne County and Cayuga County in New York State and terminated at Lake Shore Junction at New York State Fairgrounds in Onondaga County. In Wayne County, Route 31 occupied the former bed.
Financial problems.
The RS&E cost $144,000 per mile to build which was significantly more than an average railroad and never made a profit in its 25-year history. It failed to prosper for several reasons. The main reason for failure occurred because the road competed with an existing steam railroad and was never able to garner enough lucrative freight business. The initial construction cost was too great for its earning capacity. Additionally, like all interurbans, the road lost out to competition from the gasoline engine, as automobiles became the transportation mode of choice. 
Construction costs amounted to $7 million, an exceptionally large sum in 1909. In 1913, largely in an effort to deal with heavy fixed charges of the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Railroad, Beebe merged the line with two of his other interurban rails.
Empire United railways.
Financial issues in 1913 forced the company to merge with two nearby interurbans; the Auburn and Northern Electric Railroad and the Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad forming the Empire United Railways. 
The effort was not successful and the new company failed in 1915 and was dissolved into its individual component interurbans in 1916.
Rochester and Syracuse railroad.
Beebe withdrew from interurban operation and the road was reorganized in 1917 as the Rochester and Syracuse Railroad which remained in operation until 1931 when it was abandoned. The last trolley run on the line took place July 31, 1930.
Land use.
By 1974, Niagara Mohawk and New York State Electric and Gas Company had power lines on the railbed in Cayuga County and in Onondaga County the bed was occupied by Niagara Mohawk as a power line and pipeline right-of-way and the easterly were occupied by Mobil Oil Company pipeline.
Perinton Hike-Bikeway trail.
Today, the property formerly occupied by the rail is part of the Perinton Hike-Bikeway trail in Rochester, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="30951711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951711" title="Psilogramma hayati">
Psilogramma hayati

Psilogramma hayati is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Moluccas in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30951712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951712" title="Pensions in Spain">
Pensions in Spain

Pensions in Spain consist of a mandatory state pension scheme, and voluntary company and individual pension provision.
Mandatory state pension scheme.
The state pension scheme is part of the Social Security system in Spain. There are two categories of pension in Spain: contributory and non-contributory. The pensions system is financed by a payroll tax on salaries. The employee pays 4.7% of his/her salary while employers must pay the equivalent of 23.6% of an employees salary into the scheme.
Non-contributory pension.
Non-contributory means-tested pensions are targeted at low-income households and the disabled. Beneficiaries must not have been contributory members of the Social Security system during their working life. In 2000, beneficiaries of non-contributory pensions was 471,275 pesetas.
In 2010 in order to qualify the beneficiary may not have a monthly or annual income equal to or greater than the non-contributory pension of €339.70 per month (€4,755 per annum). Incomes of any persons living with the applicant are taken into account when deciding eligibility.
In 2012 the pension was raised to 357.70 euros a month. If the pension was claimed directly by the person then 2 additional months pension are added throughout the year to make it a total of 14 months a year of pension. If the disabled person was claimed by a parent or guardian then there are only 12 months of pension a year. Both are the same amount each month, but the total for the entire year is much more if claimed by the disabled person compared with being claimed by the parent or guardian.
Contributory pension.
The contributory retirement pension ("Pension por Jubilacion Ordinaria") represents the main source of retirement income for approximately 8.75 million pensioners in Spain. In 2010 the average pension was 906 euros per month. Contributory retirement pensions in Spain are the second highest (as % of final salary) in Europe after Greece and amount to approximately 81% of final salary levels. While the social security system collected 80Bn€ in contributions in 2010 it paid out 82 Bn€ in pensions. In January 2011 the government, employers and trade unions agreed on a series of reforms that will increase the retirement age by 2 years from 65 to 67 years. The new minimum age will come into effect in 2027.
Private pensions.
Private pensions in Spain generally consist of individual pensions and collective pensions (divided into associative and company schemes). Approximately 50% of the population are covered by one or both types. 
Introduced under the Law on Pension Plans and Funds in June 1987, private schemes had assets totaling 7% of GDP in 2010.
The schemes benefit from tax subsidies whereby individuals can contribute up to 8,000€ per year free of income tax into either collective or individual schemes. By 2009 approximately 8 million people had Individual Pension Plans and 2 million people were covered by company pension plans. The assets of Individual Funds amounted to about 53 Bn€ while Company Funds had assets of about 3 Bn €.
Social Security Reserve Fund.
The Social Security Reserve Fund was created in 2000 with the aim of investing current Social Security surpluses in order to finance future State Pension Scheme shortfalls. It was created as one of the recommendations of the tri-partite Toledo Pact of 1995 between government, employers and trade unions. In 2009 the fund amounted to 60 Bn€ and in 2010 assets had increased to 64 Bn€.
Proposed reform.
The Government of Spain has approved a reform aimed at reducing pension spending by about 3.5% of GDP by 2050, as part of austerity measures proposed by Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero. The key features of the reform are:
The reform is still awaiting approval from parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="30951719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951719" title="Gibbs–Thomson equation">
Gibbs–Thomson equation

Introduction.
This is in effect an "ice intrusion" measurement ("cf." Mercury Intrusion), and as such in part may provide information on pore throat properties. The melting event can be expected to provide more accurate information on the pore body.
Gibbs–Thomson equation for particles.
The "4" in the above equation comes from the spherical geometry of the solid-liquid interface.
Note: formula_1 is used for the pore size rather than formula_4 for a number of reasons :
Gibbs–Thomson equation for liquids in pores.
Very similar equations may be applied to the growth and melting of crystals in the confined geometry of porous systems. However the geometry term for the crystal-liquid interface may be different, and there may be additional surface energy terms to consider, which can be written as a wetting angle term formula_6. The angle is usually considered to be near 180°. In cylindrical pores there is some evidence that the freezing interface may be spherical, while the melting interface may be cylindrical, based on preliminary measurements for the measured ratio for formula_7 in cylindrical pores.
Thus for a spherical interface between a non-wetting crystal and its own liquid, in an infinite cylindrical pore of diameter formula_1, the structural melting point depression
is given by:
formula_9
Simplified Gibbs-Thomson equation.
The Gibbs–Thomson equation may be written in a compact form:
formula_10
where the Gibbs-Thomson Coefficient formula_11 assumes different values for different liquids and different interfacial geometries (spherical/cylindrical/planar).
In more detail:,
formula_12
Where : formula_13 is a geometric constant dependent on the interfacial shape,
History.
By 1906, the German physical chemist Friedrich Wilhelm Küster (1861-1917) had predicted that since the vapor pressure of a finely pulverized volatile solid is greater than the vapor pressure of the bulk solid, then the melting point of the fine powder should be lower than that of the bulk solid. Investigators such as the Russian physical chemists Pavel Nikolaevich Pavlov (1872-1953) and Peter Petrovich von Weymarn (1879-1935), among others, searched for and eventually observed such melting point depression. They recognized that the depression occurred when the change in surface energy was significant compared to the latent heat of the phase transition, which condition obtained in the case of very small particles.
Neither Josiah Willard Gibbs nor William Thomson (Lord Kelvin) derived the Gibbs–Thomson equation. Also, although many sources claim that British physicist J. J. Thomson derived the Gibbs–Thomson equation in 1888, he did not. Early in the 20th century, investigators derived precursors of the Gibbs–Thomson equation. However, in 1920, the Gibbs–Thomson equation was first derived in its modern form by two researchers working independently: Friedrich Meissner, a student of the Estonian-German physical chemist Gustav Tammann, and Ernst Rie (1896-1921), an Austrian physicist at the University of Vienna. These early investigators did not call the relation the "Gibbs-Thomson" equation. That name was in use by 1910 or earlier; it originally referred to equations concerning the adsorption of solutes by interfaces between two phases — equations that Gibbs and then J. J. Thomson derived. Hence, in the name "Gibbs-Thomson" equation, "Thomson" refers to J. J. Thomson, not William Thomson (Lord Kelvin).
In 1871, William Thomson published an equation describing capillary action and relating the curvature of a liquid-vapor interface to the vapor pressure:
formula_16
where
In his dissertation of 1885, Robert von Helmholtz (son of German physicist Hermann von Helmholtz) showed how the Ostwald-Freundlich equation
formula_27
could be derived from Kelvin's equation. The Gibbs–Thomson equation can then be derived from the Ostwald-Freundlich equation via a simple substitution using the integrated form of the Clausius–Clapeyron relation:
formula_28
The Gibbs–Thomson equation can also be derived directly from Gibbs' equation for the energy of an interface between phases.
It should be mentioned that in the literature, there is still not agreement about the specific equation to which the name "Gibbs-Thomson equation" refers. For example, in the case of some authors, it's another name for the "Ostwald-Freundlich equation" — which, in turn, is often called the "Kelvin equation" — whereas in the case of other authors, the "Gibbs-Thomson relation" is the Gibbs free energy that's required to expand the interface, and so forth.

</doc>
<doc id="30951727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951727" title="Psilogramma japonica">
Psilogramma japonica

Psilogramma japonica is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="30951737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951737" title="Svea-class coastal defence ship">
Svea-class coastal defence ship

The "Svea" class was a class of coastal defence ships of the Swedish Navy. The class comprised "Svea", "Göta" and "Thule".
Design.
Dimensions and machinery.
The ships of the class were long, had a draught of , and had a displacement of 3,200 ton. The ships were equipped with reciprocating engines, which were rated at and produced a top speed of . 
Armour.
The ships had belt armour of and turret armour.
Armament.
The main armament of the ships was a single turret gun. Secondary armament included four single guns and six single guns.
Construction.
"Svea" was laid down at the "Lindholmen At Goteborg" and launched in 1886. "Göta" and "Thule" were both laid down at "Norkoping" shipyard and where launched in 1891 and 1893. 

</doc>
<doc id="30951750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951750" title="D. K. Khaparde">
D. K. Khaparde

Hon. Late D. K. Khaparde was born on 13 May 1939 in Nagpur (Maharashtra, India).
After completion of his education from Nagpur, he joined service in the Defence Establishment of Pune.
During the service at Pune Mr. Kanshiram who subsequently joined politics came in contact with him.
Mr. Khaparde had enlightened Mr. Kanshiram about the movement of Dr. Ambedkar. The crises on the issue of Jayanti celebration of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar in the Defence establishment galvanised the followers of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar who have decided to form an all India Organisation to spread the movement of Phule-Ambedkar and formed BAMCEF on 6 December 1976. Mr. Kanshiram left him in the year 1985 and therefore he had registered BAMCEF in the year 1987 in consultation with other colleagues. He resigned from the service and dedicated completely for 13 years and established BAMCEF offices in 18 states of India to spread Phule-Ambedkar movement. After the 16th National convention of BAMCEF in 1999 at Patana, Bihar, he suffered from abdomen cancer and succumbed to death on 29 February 2000 at Pune. He was a symbol of self sacrificed full of dedication and commitment to Phule-Ambedkar movement for the cause of social revolution in India.

</doc>
<doc id="30951751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951751" title="Psilogramma kleineri">
Psilogramma kleineri

Psilogramma kleineri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Flores in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30951762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951762" title="Psilogramma koalae">
Psilogramma koalae

Psilogramma koalae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="30951781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951781" title="Psilogramma lukhtanovi">
Psilogramma lukhtanovi

Psilogramma lukhtanovi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="30951786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951786" title="Asgaut Olsen Regelstad">
Asgaut Olsen Regelstad

Asgaut Olsen Regelstad (1761, Finnøy – 1847) was a Norwegian farmer and politician. He represented Stavanger amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814, together with Lars Andreas Oftedahl and Christen Mølbach.

</doc>
<doc id="30951790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951790" title="Psilogramma mandarina">
Psilogramma mandarina

Psilogramma mandarina is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Jiangxi in China.

</doc>
<doc id="30951800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951800" title="Psilogramma maxmouldsi">
Psilogramma maxmouldsi

Psilogramma maxmouldsi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="30951801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951801" title="ECS Bridge over Big Goose Creek">
ECS Bridge over Big Goose Creek

The ECS Bridge over Big Goose Creek is a bridge near Sheridan, Wyoming that was built in 1914. It is a Pratt pony truss bridge which was built by the Canton Bridge Company of Canton, Ohio. The Canton Bridge Company built four steel bridges in Wyoming in 1914; the ECS Bridge is the only one of these surviving in its original location. It is 50 feet long and 15 feet wide.
It is one of 171 Wyoming bridges surveyed in a study that led to the nomination of 31 of them for NRHP listing. The ECS bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.
Two other Canton Bridge Company bridges in Wyoming are also listed on the NRHP:

</doc>
<doc id="30951810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951810" title="Psilogramma medicieloi">
Psilogramma medicieloi

Psilogramma medicieloi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="30951819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951819" title="Psilogramma monastyrskii">
Psilogramma monastyrskii

Psilogramma monastyrskii is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="30951826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951826" title="Psilogramma nebulosa">
Psilogramma nebulosa

Psilogramma nebulosa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="30951844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951844" title="Psilogramma orientalis">
Psilogramma orientalis

Psilogramma orientalis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="30951853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951853" title="Psilogramma paukstadtorum">
Psilogramma paukstadtorum

Psilogramma paukstadtorum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Lesser Sunda Islands in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30951862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951862" title="Kent Eger">
Kent Eger

Kent Eger (born February 18, 1981) is a Canadian professional golfer who plays on the Canadian Tour and Gateway Tour. Eger was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada and currently resides in Scottsdale, Arizona.
Junior and amateur golf.
Eger had success as a junior golfer in Saskatchewan, winning the 1999 Saskatchewan Junior Boys Championship, before moving to British Columbia to further his golf career. Eger played out of the Radium Resort in Radium Hot Springs, British Columbia, where he represented British Columbia on two Willingdon Cup teams, and played in four Canadian Amateur Championships.
Professional career.
Gateway Tour.
Eger turned professional in 2006, and began playing competitively on the Gateway Tour in Phoenix, Arizona. He has played there for four seasons, and has won five tournaments.
Canadian Tour.
In 2008, Eger joined the Canadian Tour on a full-time basis, and was named Canadian Rookie of the Year. Eger's debut season included a win at the 2008 Seaforth Country Classic, where his score of 26-under-par was one shot shy of the Canadian Tour's all-time scoring record held by Tim Clark, but did set an overall Canadian Tour low record 72-hole score of 258. Two years later, Eger won his second Canadian Tour tournament at the same event, the 2010 Seaforth Country Classic.
Other achievements.
In 2008, Eger successfully made it through the first two stages of the PGA Tour Qualifying School and reached the final stage, where he obtained conditional status on the 2009 Nationwide Tour. Being low on the priority list, he only played in two Nationwide Tour events in 2009, missing the cut at both the Wayne Gretzky Classic and the Mexican PGA Championship.
Eger was one of 11 contestants on "Big Break Indian Wells", which began screening in hour-long weekly installments on the Golf Channel on May 16, 2011. The winner gained an exemption into the PGA Tour's 2012 Zurich Classic of New Orleans, along with an array of monetary prizes and endorsements, totaling over $50,000. Eger lost in the finale of the competition to fellow countryman David Byrne.

</doc>
<doc id="30951868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951868" title="Delaware Mine">
Delaware Mine

The Delaware Mine is located off U.S. Highway 41, in Grant Township, Keweenaw County, south of Copper Harbor, Michigan and is a Keweenaw Heritage Site. The Delaware Copper Mine provides tours of one of the oldest copper mines in the Keweenaw, dating back to 1846. The mine had five shafts, with the deepest reaching . The mine is open June through October and offers guided and self-guided tours.

</doc>
<doc id="30951871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951871" title="Psilogramma penumbra">
Psilogramma penumbra

Psilogramma penumbra is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Northern Territory and Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="30951876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951876" title="Mitchell County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Mitchell County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Mitchell County Courthouse in Osage, Iowa, United States was built in 1858. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the original building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
There was a dispute from 1855 to 1857 as to whether Mitchell or Osage should be the county seat of Mitchell County. A commission of delegates from other counties chose Osage and construction was begun on the courthouse. Because another election was held to decide the issue construction was halted. Even though a final decision would not be made until 1870 the courthouse construction proceeded and it was completed in 1858. The Italianate style building cost $25,000 to complete. The exterior is faced in brick and a silver domed cupola tops the structure.
Threats.
The courthouse is no longer receiving funds for maintenance from the Mitchell County Board of Supervisors. An "ad hoc" group is rallying to preserve the building before it deteriorates. 
Demolition.
In Spring of 2013, the Mitchell County Board of Supervisors voted to replace the historic courthouse as structural issues had rendered the building unusable. The cost to rehabilitate the courthouse was nine million dollars. A proposed plan for a new courthouse including demolition of the existing structure is estimated at seven million dollars.
On February 4th, 2014, demolition of the courthouse began. 

</doc>
<doc id="30951883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951883" title="Psilogramma reinhardti">
Psilogramma reinhardti

Psilogramma reinhardti is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="30951892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951892" title="Psilogramma renneri">
Psilogramma renneri

Psilogramma renneri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="30951895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951895" title="Collonges-Fort-l'Écluse – Divonne-les-Bains line">
Collonges-Fort-l'Écluse – Divonne-les-Bains line

The Collonges-Fort-l'Écluse – Divonne-les-Bains railway is a French railway line linking the Lyon-Geneva Railway from a junction near Collonges to Divonne-les-Bains. It crosses the whole of the region called the 'Pays de Gex' and is 38 km long. It used to continue through to Nyon in Switzerland.
It is line number 891 000 of the French rail network.
History.
The line was opened 1 June 1899, and extended to Nyon in Switzerland in 1904. In the sixties, there were four services per day using 'Picasso' diesel railcars. The last passenger train ran on 31 May 1980. Since then, the passenger service has been replaced by a TER bus service from Bellegarde-sur-Valserine to Divonne-les-Bains. The only traffic on the line is a twice weekly household waste train from Chevry to the SIDEFAGE incinerator south of Bellegarde-sur-Valserine. Motive power for these trains was initially BB 67000 class diesel locomotives, but today they have been replaced by BB 75000s. Beyond Gex, the bridge] over the Route nationale 5 has been dismantled, limiting traffic to Gex. The line is not operable beyond Chevry,
Use of the line for tourist trains has been mooted in the past. In May 2009, an association for the promotion of rail services in the Pays de Gex was formed to promote the inclusion of the line into the future Rhône Express Regional. There have been plans to reactivate the line for passenger trafic and to integrate it into the Geneva suburban rail system.
On April 28, 2014, it was announced that the line was to close for good.
Although the Nyon-Divonne line was private it was operated by CFF until 1962. The service was replaced by a bus thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="30951910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951910" title="Putoidae">
Putoidae

Putoidae is a family of scale insects commonly known as giant mealybugs or putoids. There is probably a single genus, "Puto", containing about sixty species. The genus name "Macrocerococcus" has also been used but it is now considered to be a synonym of "Puto". The genus "Puto" was formerly classified as a member of the Pseudococcidae; however, it so significantly differed from the rest of the Pseudococcidae that it was accorded its own family Putoidae.
Hosts.
Giant mealybugs occur on a wide range of hosts, each species having it own specific host. Host plants commonly include conifers, grasses and various woody shrubs. All parts of the plant can be infested.
Description.
The adult female is oval and up to five millimetres long and concealed by tufts of powdery white wax. If the wax is removed, two longitudinal black stripes can be seen on the upper surface of the body and the wax glands are large and conspicuous. The legs and antennae are well developed and a dark colour.
Life cycle.
There are generally four instars in the female and five in the male. In many species there is a single generation each year and the first instar is the over-wintering stage. "Puto sandini" however takes four years to complete its life cycle.

</doc>
<doc id="30951921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951921" title="Kamisama Dolls">
Kamisama Dolls

Plot.
Kyōhei, after moving away to Tokyo from his old village to get away from the events that happened, is on a group date with his friends, including his old neighbor, Hibino. After drinking for a whole night, he and Hibino discover a dead, bloody, body in the elevator. He is told by his younger sister Utao, who arrives from his village with her "kakashi" (an ancient wooden 'god' controlled by the mind), that his old friend Aki and his "kakashi" are the culprits responsible. After a series of events, Hibino, whose father allows Kyōhei and Utao to live together with them, they went back to the origin of the village of "kakashi", the 'Karakami' Village. Hibino learned many things about the "kakashi", as well as Kyōhei, Aki, Utao, everything and everyone else.
Media.
Manga.
As of April 2013, twelve volumes of the manga are released.
Anime.
Three theme songs are used in the Anime, "Fukanzen Nenshou" (不完全燃焼, lit. Incomplete Combustion) for the opening theme, "Switch ga Haittara" (スイッチが入ったら, lit. When the switch is flipped) for the main ending theme, and "Natsu no Niwa" (夏の庭, lit. "Summer Garden") for Episode 7's ending theme. All three songs are performed by Chiaki Ishikawa.

</doc>
<doc id="30951929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951929" title="Kanyakumari Government Medical College">
Kanyakumari Government Medical College

Kanyakumari Government Medical College (Tamil: கன்னியாகுமரி அரசு மருத்துவக்கல்லூரி, also known as KGMC, KGMCH, or Government Medical College Kanyakumari) is a medical education institution in South India, located in the town of Nagercoil, in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. The college is affiliated to Tamil Nadu Dr. MGR Medical University and is recognised by the Medical Council of India.
History.
The Govt. T.B. Hospital campus at Asaripallam, Nagercoil in Kanyakumari District was selected as the site for the proposed Government Medical College. As per the Medical Council of India's instructions that the medical college and hospital should occupy the same campus, there is also a 500-bed hospital.
Nearly 500 medical students and many paramedic students are in training in this institution at any point of time.
Administration.
The college is affiliated with the Tamil Nadu Dr. MGR Medical University. The college and the hospital are funded and managed by the Government of Tamil Nadu.
It has all transport facilities by the government.It has good infrastructure and has large spacious Lecture halls and classrooms. The Boys Hostel is located near the faculty block and it has considerably good building. A badminton court is provided beside the hostel along with a basketball court. Boys gym is also available. The co-operative store is a gift.
Courses offered.
The college offers a 5 and a half year Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) degree, as well as a diploma in Nursing (GNM) and a diploma in Medical Lab Technology (DMLT).

</doc>
<doc id="30951949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951949" title="Barra Futebol Clube">
Barra Futebol Clube

Barra Futebol Clube, commonly known as Barra de Teresópolis or simply as Barra, was a Brazilian football club based in Teresópolis, Rio de Janeiro state. They competed in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on June 8, 1939. They professionalized its football department in 1993, competing in the Campeonato Carioca Third Level. Barra competed in the Série C in 1995, when they were eliminated in the Third Stage by XV de Piracicaba. The club closed its professional football department in 1996.
Stadium.
Barra Futebol Clube played their home games at Estádio Jorge Ferreira da Silva, nicknamed "Pitucão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30951969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951969" title="Adrian Sprott">
Adrian Sprott

Adrian Sprott (born 23 March 1962 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Meadowbank, Hamilton and Stenhousemuir.
Sprott played for Hamilton in the Scottish Premier Division as a semi-professional player, as he combined his football career with working for Lothian & Borders Police. During that period, Sprott scored a goal that knocked Rangers out of the Scottish Cup in a famous cup upset. It also ended a British record period of Rangers goalkeeper Chris Woods not conceding a goal.

</doc>
<doc id="30951980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951980" title="Richard Floer">
Richard Floer

Richard Floer (1767 – 1822) was a Norwegian miner and politician. He was born in Kvikne, and worked at the copper mines in Røros. He represented the Røros Mountain Corps at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="30951983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951983" title="1989 São Paulo F.C. season">
1989 São Paulo F.C. season


</doc>
<doc id="30951987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951987" title="Unifine mill">
Unifine mill

A Unifine mill is a single one-pass impact milling system which produces ultrafine-milled whole-grain wheat flour that requires no grain pre-treatment and no screening of the flour. Like the grist or stone mills that had dominated the flour industry for centuries, the bran, germ, and endosperm elements of grain are processed into a nutritious whole wheat flour in one step. Consumers had accepted whole wheat products produced by grist or stone mills. The flour produced by these mills was quite coarse as they included the bran and the germ elements of the grain.
As the nutritional value of vitamins, micronutrients, antioxidants, phytonutrients, amino acids, and fiber, were completely or relatively unknown in the late 19th century, removing the bran and the germ with the roller mill, invented at that time, was an attractive idea. With the elimination of the bran and the germ, the resulting “white” flour composed entirely of the endosperm produced an appealing product that research has since proven to be nutritionally deficient: The endosperm contains less than half of the total minerals and B-vitamins of the wheat kernel. Perhaps as significantly is the lost total food value since the bran and germ represent 17% of the whole grain, and the process of eliminating the bran and shorts in the roller mill typically yields only 70 to 75% of grain weight as flour product, thus significantly reducing the human food supply as well.
History.
Development of the Unifine impact (one pass) milling system began in England in the late 1930s. The goal was to develop a simple, holistic system that would pulverize all the elements of the raw material into a fine powder by impacting a high speed flywheel. It was hoped that the resulting flour, made up of smaller particles, would have baking qualities similar to the white, refined flours produced by the roller mills, yet retaining all of the bran, germ and endosperm of the whole grain.
Following World War II, with England focused on rebuilding their shattered infrastructure, the Englishman John Wright eventually made his way to Pullman, Washington. There he succeeded in enlisting engineers at the Division of Industrial Research at Washington State College (now Washington State University) in the project. Following the development of a successful prototype, the milling, baking, and consumer acceptance of Unifine products was studied and funding of the first generation of commercial-grade mills came from a grant from the Washington State Grange. This grant was made possible by a donation by the Secretary of the Washington State Grange, Leonard Fulton, who ultimately went on to operate the first unifine flour mill.
Upon discovering that these mills could not be patented, the college opted to register the name "Unifine" and authorized Fulton and his "Fairfield Milling Company Inc." to begin distribution of the first commercial flour milled by the machine under the brand name "Unifine" in 1962. A second Unifine Mill began operation under the label "Flour Girls" in the late 1970s directed and funded by individuals that participated in the research and development of the mills at the college. The flour produced was used by home bakers to make light, whole wheat bread without the dense texture of breads made from traditional whole wheat flours. During that era of simmering consumer interest in the nutritional merits of whole wheat flour, these mills realized modest but ultimately unsustainable success. After roughly twenty years, these companies ceased operations and a new generation of unifine flour mills began producing flour under the "Azure Standard" brand. These flours are now marketed throughout the greater Pacific Northwestern section of the United States.
The rise of whole wheat flour.
Despite historical consumer preference for refined white flour, whole wheat flour products are ascendant largely due to changing consumer attitudes. The Whole Grains Council industry association reports an approximate doubling of the whole wheat flour production from 2003 to 2007. In another visible example, whole wheat bread has reached approximate parity with white bread as measured by slice volume in the United States; as of 2010, whole wheat bread narrowly surpasses white bread as measured by dollar volume.
Fortification of white flour whole grains are more nutritious than refined products and wheat is no exception. Whole wheat flour is more nutritious than refined white flour, although through food fortification, some micronutrients are added back to the white flour (required by law in some jurisdictions). Fortified white wheat flour does not, however, contain all of the macronutrients, fiber, antioxidants, phytonutrients, and much of the protein of the wheat's bran and germ. Whole wheat is a good source of calcium, iron, fiber, and other minerals like selenium.
Industry response.
Roller mills have adapted to the demand for whole grain products and most commercial whole wheat flour is currently produced using this milling system. In this case, the bran and the germ are further processed and then blended back into the endosperm ("white" flour) that it was separated from in the first place. While doing so enables the flour mills to use their existing equipment, it is a complex process. The roller mill method usually requires "tempering" the grain before milling (raising the moisture content); in contrast, dry grain is milled in the case of the Unifine mill, which may account for the suggested decreased rancidity rates reported in Unifine flour.
Applications.
The Unifine mill has not proven suitable for grinding harder materials such as gravel, or producing mineral powder for the mining industry or large scale powder-making that the roller mill system dominates. However, in the agricultural industry, where all the nutritional elements of the soft raw materials are desired in the end product, pulverizing it into powder in a single pass by the Unifine Mill has proven to be cost effective and less invasive. In addition to grains, a variety of agricultural products have been efficiently processed using this method including legumes and grapefruit rinds.

</doc>
<doc id="30951990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30951990" title="Blairbuie">
Blairbuie

Blairbuie is a hamlet in Coigach, Scotland. It has just 6 houses and a sheep shed. When driving past the junction which connects Blairbuie to the rest of Coigach, you see some fading writing in white paint on a rockface which reads 'Blairbuie',

</doc>
<doc id="30952003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952003" title="Davis County Courthouse">
Davis County Courthouse

The Davis County Courthouse in Bloomfield, Iowa, United States was built in 1877. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Davis County's first courthouse was constructed for $339. It was a log structure that measured 24 by 40 feet. By 1851 the building had become unusable and a Methodist church was used for a courtroom until 1875 when an election authorized the present courthouse. The Second Empire structure was completed in 1877. The cupola is topped by a statue of the goddess of Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="30952026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952026" title="Moreton Island lighthouses">
Moreton Island lighthouses

Moreton Island is a large sand island on the eastern side of Moreton Bay, on the coast of South East Queensland, Australia. Due to the island's importance in navigating the northern passage into Moreton Bay and Brisbane, at least five lighthouses were constructed on the island, starting with Cape Moreton Light in 1857, the first lighthouse in Queensland, and followed by at least four more lighthouses established from the 1860s, at Comboyuro Point, North Point, Cowan Cowan Point and Yellow Patch. Comboyuro Point Light, Cowan Cowan Point Light and Yellow Patch Light all had to be moved from their original location due to coastal erosion. Of the five lighthouses, only Cape Moreton Light survived and is still active today.
Background.
In 1825, Brisbane was established as a penal settlement. In spite of the hazards, the preferred access to Moreton Bay and Brisbane was through the southern entrance, between Moreton Island and North Stradbroke Island, mainly due to shorter shipping route and better shipping conditions. The southern entrance was therefore marked in 1825 and a pilot station was established at Amity Point on North Stradbroke Island in 1827. Although the northern entrance was considered in the 1830s, it was only with the increased shipping activity due to proclamation of Moreton Bay as a free settlement in 1842 that vessels began to use the northern entrance. Buoys marking the entrance were laid in 1846–1847, and in 1848 the Pilot Station was moved to Cowan Cowan on Moreton island and then to Bulwer. By then the northern entry was regarded the main entry.
Cape Moreton Light.
Cape Moreton Light is located on Cape Moreton, a rocky headland at the north eastern tip of Moreton Island, and was the first lighthouse to be constructed to mark the northern entrance. The lighthouse was constructed by the New South Wales Government, which controlled the Queensland area until Queensland's separation in 1859, following Brisbane residents petitions in 1850, and was first displayed in February 1857. From the five lighthouses it is the only one still extant. Since its conversion to solar powered VRB-25 in 1993, it shows light characteristic of four white flashes, separated by 3.3 seconds, every 20 seconds (Fl.(4)W. 20s), visible for .
Comboyuro Point Light.
Comboyuro Point Light, which was also known later as Comboyuro Light, was located Comboyuro Point, at the north western tip of Moreton Island.
North Point Light.
North Point Light, also known as North Point Hummock Light, was located on North Point, the most northern point on Moreton Island.
Cowan Cowan Point Light.
Cowan Cowan Point Light, was also known as Cowan Cowan Light or Cowan Point Light, was located on Cowan Cowan Point, on the western shore of Moreton Island.
Yellow Patch Light.
Yellow Patch Light was located about southwest of North Point. An 1877 book describes it as a high wooden tower, showing a fixed white light.
Yellow Patch Light also suffered from coastal erosion. In 1882 it had to be shifted to the northeast, and by 1891 it was moved four times.
A 1909 listing describes it as a square wooden lightroom, carrying a fixed fourth order dioptric apparatus. The light shown was red and white sectors, visible for .
The 2010 "List of Lights" does not list a light at the location.

</doc>
<doc id="30952034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952034" title="Jústinus Hansen">
Jústinus Hansen

Jústinus Hansen (born 14 May 1985) is an Faroese international footballer who plays club football for Spjelkavik ILin Norwegian 3rd division, as a midfielder. He played for NSÍ Runavík from 2002 to 2011 and B68 Toftir from 2011 to 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30952043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952043" title="Comboyuro Point Light">
Comboyuro Point Light

Comboyuro Point Light, which was also known later as Comboyuro Light, was located Comboyuro Point, at the north western tip of Moreton Island. It is one of the Moreton Island lighthouses
History.
The first navigational aid at the point was a lightroom erected in 1863 with kerosene burners. In 1867 the lightroom was replaced with a wooden tower. A taller wooden tower was erected in 1874 or in 1877, and a condensing apparatus was installed. The old tower was moved to Burnett Heads together with the old apparatus from Cowan Cowan Point Light, and is now known as the Old Burnett Heads Light, while the old apparatus was refurbished and installed at Cleveland Point Light. A 1909 listing describes the tower as a wooden tower, carrying a fixed fourth order dioptric apparatus. The light was showing red and white sectors, and visible for . 
Due to coastal erosion the tower had to be moved inland twice, in 1890 and another in 1905. In 1906 the lighthouse keeper's cottage, a four bedroom weatherboard house with galvanized iron roof, had to be moved as well. In 1954 the light was converted to acetylene gas, automated, and demanned. In October 1960 the lighthouse was discontinued due to erosion, and later that year collapsed into the sea. The keeper's cottage was demolished in the 1960s. The 2010 "List of Lights" does not list a light at the location.

</doc>
<doc id="30952045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952045" title="Lump (dog)">
Lump (dog)

Lump (1956 – 29 March 1973), was a Dachshund owned by David Douglas Duncan who lived with artist Pablo Picasso for six years, and featured in several of his works.
Early life.
Born in Stuttgart, Germany, and named after the German word for "rascal", he was acquired by David Douglas Duncan, an American photographer. He was purchased at the age of three months from a German family in order to act as a companion for his Afghan Hound, Kubla. The two dogs did not get along well, with the larger Afghan treating Lump much like a dog toy, rolling him around Duncan's apartment.
Pablo Picasso.
Lump first met Picasso on April 19, 1957 at La Californie, Picasso's hillside mansion in Cannes. His owner, David Douglas Duncan, had photographed Picasso for the first time during the previous year. On this occasion he chose to bring along Lump, as the Dachshund didn't get along with his other dog. While having lunch with his future wife Jacqueline Roque and Duncan, Picasso enquired if the dog had ever had a plate of his own. When Duncan responded no, Picasso picked up a brush and paint that were on the table and painted a portrait of Lump on his own dinner plate. With the work dated and inscribed to Lump, he handed the plate to Duncan as a gift. The dog felt immediately at home and stayed with Picasso for the next six years at La Californie, living with Picasso's Boxer Yan and a goat named Esmeralda. Duncan spoke of Lump and Picasso, "This was a love affair. Picasso would take Lump in his arms. He would feed him from his hand. Hell, that little dog just took over. He ran the damn house."
Duncan would return to visit Picasso during this time, and photographed the artist with Lump on several occasions along with Picasso's children. While Picasso preferred to work alone, he would often be accompanied by Lump. In one series of photographs, he made a rabbit out of a sugar impregnated cardboard cake box for the dog, who carried it into the garden to eat. 
Duncan spoke of Lump's stay with Picasso, "Lump had an absolutely pampered life there. Picasso once said, ‘Lump, he’s not a dog, he’s not a little man, he’s somebody else.’ Picasso had many dogs, but Lump was the only one he took in his arms."
In 1964, during a visit with Picasso, Duncan was informed that Lump was unwell. The dog was suffering from a spinal condition leaving him without the use of his back legs and was being by looked after by a local vet in Cannes. Duncan visited the vet and was informed that the condition could not be cured, and the vet was no longer feeding him. Duncan sought a second opinion, taking back the dog, he drove it to Stuttgart, Germany, where he found a vet who was willing to treat Lump. The treatment took several months, but Lump would go on to live for another ten years, albeit walking as Duncan would describe "a bit like a drunken sailor". He died ten days before Picasso, on 29 March 1973.
Legacy.
The painted plate that Picasso created on their first meeting was donated to the Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas at Austin by Duncan in 2011. Similar painted plates have sold at auction for between $20,000 to $90,000.
Picasso painted 44 studies of Diego Velázquez's painting "Las Meninas" between 17 August and 30 December 1957; Lump appeared in 15 of them. The series were donated to the Museu Picasso in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="30952052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952052" title="Vladimir Loginov">
Vladimir Loginov

Vladimir Loginov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30952075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952075" title="Toyota Kata">
Toyota Kata

Toyota Kata is a management book by Mike Rother. The book explains the Improvement Kata, which is a means for making creative work teachable.
Overview.
"Toyota Kata" defines "management" as, “the systematic pursuit of desired conditions by utilizing human capabilities in a concerted way.” Rother proposes that it is not solutions themselves that provide sustained competitive advantage and long-term survival, but the degree to which an organization has mastered an effective routine for developing fitting solutions again and again, along unpredictable paths. This requires teaching the skills behind the solution.
In this management approach a primary job of leaders and managers is to develop people so that desired results can be achieved. They do this by having the organization members (leaders and managers included) deliberately practice a routine, or kata, that develops and channels their creative abilities. "Kata" are patterns that are practiced so they become second nature, and were originally movement sequences in martial arts.
The Improvement Kata.
The improvement kata is a routine for moving from the current situation to a new situation in a creative, directed, meaningful way. It is based on a four-part model:
In contrast to approaches that attempt to predict the path and focus on implementation, the improvement kata builds on discovery that occurs along the way. Teams using the improvement kata learn as they strive to reach a target condition, and adapt based on what they are learning.
"Toyota Kata" submits that the improvement-kata pattern of thinking and behavior is universal; applicable not only in business but in education, politics, daily living, etc.. The book’s underlying message is that when people practice and learn a kata for how to proceed through unclear territory, they don't need to fear the obstacles, changes and unknowns they encounter. Rather than trying to hold onto a sense of certainty based on one's perspective, people can derive confidence from a kata for working through uncertainty.

</doc>
<doc id="30952081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952081" title="Icelandic loan guarantees referendum, 2011">
Icelandic loan guarantees referendum, 2011

A referendum on the loan guarantees repayment by Iceland to the governments of the United Kingdom and the Netherlands for their loan guarantees to the Depositors' and Investors' Guarantee Fund of Iceland ("Tryggingarsjóður innstæðueigenda og fjárfesta") over the failure of the Icesave bank was held in Iceland on 9 April 2011. This was the second referendum on the issue after a previous one was held in March 2010. After the referendum failed to pass, the British and Dutch governments said that they would take the case to the European courts.
Background.
The referendum was held under article 26 of the Icelandic Constitution after President Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson refused to counter-sign the corresponding Act of Parliament (known as the third Icesave bill) into law on 20 February 2011.
Previously, the Althingi had approved Act No. 1/2010 (also known as "Icesave bill 2"), as amendment to Act No. 96/2009 (also known as "Icesave bill 1"), authorising the Minister of Finance, on behalf of the State Treasury, to issue a state guarantee to cover deposit insurance over the failure of Icesave. However, the president did not approve this second version of the bill, and instead asked for it to be taken to a referendum. When this previous referendum was held in Iceland on 6 March 2010 asking for the electorates approval of "Icesave bill 2", which had been mutually negotiated between the states of Iceland, United Kingdom and the Netherlands, it was defeated with 93% voting against and less than 2% in favour of agreeing to the terms. When the later renegotiated and improved "Icesave bill 3" had been approved by the Icelandic parliament, the Icelandic president on 20 February 2011 once again refused to sign the new deal, calling for the matter instead to be decided by a new referendum.
Icesave bill 3.
The background for the Icesave bills, was that the privately owned Icelandic bank Landsbanki was declared bankrupt on 7 October 2008. One day earlier the Icelandic state had passed an emergency law to guarantee for a full coverage of all lost deposit amounts for domestic Icelandic customers in any bankrupt Icelandic bank, while insisting however not to guarantee anything towards the foreign customers. This caused a split of Landsbanki into two parts, a domestic version (Nýi Landsbanki) -owned and fully guaranteed for by the Icelandic state- to be continued only with domestic customers and assets, and a foreign version (previously named Icesave) being placed in a receivership for liquidation. According to the Icelandic law about minimum deposit guarantees, the Icelandic Depositors' and Investors' Guarantee Fund ("Tryggingarsjóður") was required to repay lost deposit amounts to customers in bankrupt financial institutions up till €20,887 per account holder.
As the bankruptcy of "Landsbanki" was one of 3 big systemically important financial institutions going bankrupt within a few days in Iceland, the "Tryggingarsjóður" however had already been drained from capital reserves, and had no money left to repay the legally required €4.0bn of minimum deposit guarantees to the 343,306 foreign retail customers from United Kingdom and Netherlands, who had lost all their €6.7bn of deposits in the Icesave branch of "Landsbanki". Because nothing was expected immediately to be repaid by any Icelandic institutions/authorities, both the Dutch and British state decided to step in and cover all these account losses in full; while however at the same time demanding the Icelandic state should sign a loan guarantee agreement concerning repayment of the €4.0bn of Icelandic minimum deposit guarantees plus accrued interests. Subsequently the terms for these loan guarantee agreements were negotiated between the states in the so-called "Icesave bills", where Iceland to meet its obligations was offered a £2.35bn (€2.7bn) loan by UK and a €1.3bn loan by the Netherlands. Repayment of the €4.0bn of minimum deposit guarantees, was supposed to happen partly/entirely through the liquidation of remaining positive assets by the "Landsbanki receivership" in 2009-2015, with the Icelandic state only to overtake/guarantee for the potential remaining repayments in 2016.
After the electorates rejection of "Icesave bill 2" in March 2010, some renewed negotiations immediately started about the adjustment of the terms for the loan guarantee repayment agreements, which was considered to be the root cause why the Icelandic people had rejected it. The negotiations resulted in December 2010 in a new adjusted version of the repayment agreement named "Icesave bill 3", with better terms for Iceland. The improved terms included the removal of a previous creditor priority issue, and the introduction of a lower 3.2% interest rate in combination with interest moratorium for the first year until 1 October 2009; and if needed when the Icelandic state overtake repayment liabilities from the receivership in 2016 - then also a possible extension of the "repayment window" up till 30 years.
Icelandic voters were asked to vote yes/no for "Icesave bill 3". Ahead of the vote, the "Landsbanki receivership" (LBI) published a quarterly financial status, that estimated its total recovery of assets would equal roughly 96% (ISK 1263bn/1319bn) of all priority claims towards the receivership, which implied a full repayment of all minimum deposit guarantees already by the end of 2013, due to their first priority status within the "priority claims". Assuming this estimate was correct, then the Icelandic state with "Icesave bill 3" would only be liable in 2016 to conduct repayments to the British and Dutch states, for the accrued 3.2% interests related to the delayed repayment of minimum deposit guarantees in 2009-13. The Icelandic government also noted in the bill, that given these new more favorable terms, the expected total liabilities for the Icelandic state would only amount to ISK 47bn (€0.24bn) in 2016.
Opinion polls.
According to an early opinion poll carried out in Iceland on 20 and 21 February 60.7% supported the president's decision to refer the law to referendum, while 57.7% said that they would vote to confirm the legislation. Later polls, however, showed that 52–57% of the population said they would reject the Icesave legislation.
Results.
Eligibility was open to all those who could vote in general elections. The total electorate was given as 232,460.
Reactions.
After preliminary results suggested that the referendum would be rejected, both Icelandic and British governments officials expressed their disappointment at the preliminary result. In Iceland, Prime Minister Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir stated that "the worst option had been chosen"; Finance Minister Steingrímur J. Sigfússon ruled out a third referendum, saying that "I think we're getting a very clear sign from this referendum, that further negotiations are ruled out. No use in trying that again." UK Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander described the decision as "obviously disappointing that we tried to get a negotiated settlement. We have an obligation to get that money back and we will continue to pursue that until we do...We have a difficult financial position as a country and this money would help." He also said that the matter would be referred to the European Free Trade Association Surveillance Authority. The Dutch Minister of Finance Jan Kees de Jager also said the issue would be taken to the court.

</doc>
<doc id="30952105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952105" title="North Point Hummock Light">
North Point Hummock Light

North Point Light, also known as North Point Hummock Light, was located on North Point, the most northern point on Moreton Island. 
North Point Light was constructed in the early 1860s, carrying a large kerosene burner with a reflector. 
In 1899, the lighthouse was replaced with a hardwood framed structure, clad with corrugated iron. It was the sixth of a group of eight lighthouses in Queensland constructed this way, including, by order of establishment, Little Sea Hill Light, Grassy Hill Light, Goods Island Light, Bay Rock Light, Old Caloundra Light, itself, Gatcombe Head Light and Bulwer Island Light.
Oddly, A 1909 listing still describes the light as a square wooden lightroom, carrying a fixed sixth order dioptric apparatus. The light shown is described as a white sector, visible for .
In 1912 the lighthouse was transferred to the hands of the commonwealth. It was later demolished. The 2010 "List of Lights" does not list a light at the location.

</doc>
<doc id="30952134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952134" title="Alexey Schastny">
Alexey Schastny

Alexey Mikhailovich Schastny () (1881–1918) was a Russian and Soviet naval commander. he commanded the Baltic Fleet during the ice cruise.
Schastny was born into a military family in Zhitomir, Ukraine. His father Mihail Mikhaylovich Schastny, was a major general of artillery in the Imperial Russian Army. Schastny was educated in the Vladimir Kiev cadet Corps (a military school) 1892-1896. He graduated second in his class from the Sea Cadet Corps in 1901 and completed the mine warfare officers class in 1905.
His initial service was aboard the battleship Sevastopol, transferring to the cruiser Diana he served during the Russo Japanese War and was interned with his ship in Saigon. On returning to Russia, Schastny served in the Kronstadt Naval Base as an instructor in the Torpedo School (1906–1909) and as Flag Lieutenant to the commander destroyers, Baltic Fleet. In 1912-1914 he was transferred to the Caspian Sea to co-ordinate the building of radio transmitters.
During World War I, Schastny served as second officer on the dreadnought Poltava, and as commander of the minelayer "Pogranichnik". In 1917 he became Flag Captain to the commander Baltic Fleet.
Schastny was given command of the Baltic Fleet in 1918 and was responsible for organising the evacuation of the fleet from Helsinki to Kronshtadt in March and April 1918. The Baltic was frozen and the ice cruise took nearly a month. The ships evacuated comprised 236 vessels and included 6 battleships, 5 cruisers, 59 destroyers and 12 submarines.
Schastny however fell foul of Trotsky and was arrested on 27 May 1918. Trotsky declared at his trial that: "Schastny strongly and steadily deepened the gulf between the navy and the Soviet government. Wreaking havoc, he has consistently put forward his candidature for the role of saviour. He was the vanguard of the conspiracy of the officers of the mine divisions ,he openly put forward the slogan "dictatorship of the fleet". Schastny was sentenced to death and shot 22 July 1918.
Schastny was married to Antonina Nikolayevna (née Priyemskaya) and had two children; a daughter Galina (1913–1982) and a son Lev (born 1915). Schastny was rehabilitated after the fall of the Soviet Union. A street was named after him in his native Zhitomir in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="30952142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952142" title="Springwater Center">
Springwater Center

Springwater Center is a retreat center located in Springwater, New York. Founded by Toni Packer in 1981, Springwater Center is located in the Finger Lakes region of the upper state, an hour south of Rochester. It was originally named the Genesee Valley Zen Center, but the name was changed to Springwater Center as Packer moved increasingly away from the traditional and dogmatic practices of formal Zen training.
Springwater Center is a building located on 200 acres of land that includes rolling hills, a rushing stream, miles of hiking trails, hardwood forests, and a pond. The center hosts 14 shared guest rooms, and a meditation hall that can accommodate forty-five guests. There is a dining room, library, exercise room, sauna, and solarium. Springwater Center is operated by full-time staff.
Springwater Center is a (501)(c)(3) non-profit organization, and retreats, membership dues, and donations are tax deductible.
Silent Meditation Retreats.
There are numerous retreats scheduled throughout the year, as well as Saturday sittings and quiet weeks. Retreats were formerly led by Toni Packer, as are currently led by those she asked to carry on her work: Sandra Gonzales, Wayne Coger, Richard Witteman, and Stew Glick. There are opportunities for individual meetings with the facilitating teacher, group dialogue meetings, and individual meetings between retreat participants. Non-hierarchical forms of dialogue allow participants to share and inquire into their experiences on an equal footing. This approach contrasts the hierarchical and solitary retreat form, whereby the participant only interacts with a designated authority.
Meditative inquiry is a common term heard at Springwater Center during silent retreats. While the term is difficult to strictly define, it is often understood as a subtle state of mind that is open and receptive to wondering and questioning in a state of not knowing.

</doc>
<doc id="30952143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952143" title="Otoyol 54">
Otoyol 54

Otoyol 54 (), abbreviated as , aka Gaziantep Çevreyolu (), is a motorway in Gaziantep, Turkey that forms the half ring road of the city. The long beltway connects Gaziantep West with Gaziante East running south of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="30952152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952152" title="Dryhthelm">
Dryhthelm

Dryhthelm (fl. c. 700), also known as Drithelm or Drythelm, was a monk associated with the monastery of Melrose known from the "Historia Ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum" of Bede. According to the latter, before entering the religious life he lived with his family in "a district of Northumbria which is called "Incuneningum"". "Incuneningum" is thought by some modern scholars to refer to Cunninghame, now part of Ayrshire.
As Bede has it, Dryhthelm died (c. 700) but came back to life a few hours later, scaring away everyone but his wife. Dryhthelm portioned his wealth out between his wife, sons and the poor, and became a monk at Melrose. As a monk he established a reputation for being able to endure bodily torment, reciting psalms standing up in the river Tweed even when the river was icy. 
While temporarily dead, Dryhthelm was apparently given a tour of the afterlife by a celestial guide. In the "vision of Dryhthelm", the future monk of Melrose was shown hell, purgatory, and heaven, along with some of the souls therein, but was denied entry to paradise. Purgatory was a place of extreme heat and cold, Hell a place where souls burned, heaven a place of intense light, and paradise a place of even greater light. As a result, one modern historian has called him "a remote precursor of Dante".
Bede says that Dryhthelm related the tale to Aldfrith king of Northumbria, Æthelwold bishop of Lindisfarne and an Irish monk called "Haemgisl". A similar vision of the afterlife was later reported by Boniface, who described a vision of hell experienced by a monk of Much Wenlock. Prior to Bede and Boniface, the "Vita sancti Fursei", had attributed a like vision to its own hero, Fursa, and Bede himself quoted this in part. 
Dryhthelm was celebrated a century later in Alcuin's "De pontificibus et sanctis Ecclesiae Eboracensis". More than a century after Alcuin, Ælfric of Eynsham celebrated the vision and believed it had been given to instruct others. Dryhthelm is listed as resting at Melrose in the resting-place list of Hugh Candidus. His feast day is 1 September.

</doc>
<doc id="30952155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952155" title="Jaap R. Bruijn">
Jaap R. Bruijn

Jacobus Ruurd "Jaap" Bruijn (born in 1938 in The Hague), is one of the best known and respected Dutch maritime historians. He was professor of maritime history at the University of Leiden from 1979 until his retirement in 2003. During his 41-year teaching career as The Netherlands' only university professor of maritime history, he guided the doctoral theses of no fewer than 43 graduate students.
Education and Academic Career.
He completed his doctorate in 1970 at the University of Leiden with a thesis on "De Admiraliteit van Amsterdam in rustige jaren, 1713-1751".
In 1974-75, while associate professor of histiory at Leiden, he was a Fellow at the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study in the Humanities and Social Sciences.
Awards and Honors.
On his retirement, Bruijn was presented with a festschrift "In het kielzog: maritiem-historische studies aangeboden aan Jaap R. Bruijn bij zijn vertrek als hoogleraar zeegeschiedenis aan de Universiteit Leiden", edited by Leo Akveld, al., (Amsterdam: De Bataafse Leeuw, 2003).
In 2001, the Nederlandse Vereniging voor Zeegeschiedenis named a prize in his honor, the J.R. Bruijn Prize, which was first awarded in 2003, is given for an outstanding undergraduate theses in the field of maritime history.

</doc>
<doc id="30952156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952156" title="Äran-class coastal defence ship">
Äran-class coastal defence ship

The "Äran" class was a class of coastal defence ships of the Swedish Navy. The class comprised "Äran", "Wasa", "Tapperheten" and "Manligheten".
Design.
Dimensions and machinery.
The ships of the class were long, had a beam of , a draught of , and had a displacement of 3,592 ton. The ships were equipped with 2 shaft reciprocating engines, which were rated at and produced a top speed of .
Armour.
The ships had belt armour of and turret armour.
Armament.
The main armament of the ships where two single turret guns. Secondary armament included six single guns and ten single guns.
Construction.
"Äran" was laid down at the Lindholmen At Goteborg shipyard and launched in 1902. "Wasa" was laid down at the Bergsund At Finnboda shipyard and was also launched in 1902. "Tapperheten" and "Manligheten" where both laid down at Kockums At Malmo shipyard and were launched in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="30952159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952159" title="Stevie May">
Stevie May

Steven "Stevie" May (born 3 November 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership side St. Johnstone. May has previously spent time at Alloa Athletic and Hamilton Academical on loan.
Club career.
St. Johnstone.
May began playing football at age ten and started his career as a member of St. Johnstone's youth squad. Aged 16, May made his first team debut on 11 May 2009 as a substitute against Airdrie United in the Scottish First Division scoring his first senior goal. May later recalled on his debut, quoting: ""Derek McInnes gave me my first taste of first team football. He gave my SPL debut at 16. He believed in me. He taught me how important it was to keep possession when I had the ball and make the opposition work to get it back."" In 2009 he signed a contract extension extending his stay with the club until 2012.
May had to wait another season for his next appearance coming on as a substitute on 13 November 2010 against Hearts in the Scottish Premier League. With his first start coming on 26 January 2011 against Motherwell. He scored two goals on 1 February 2011 in their 2–0 win over Hamilton. In all he made 22 appearances that season scoring twice.
After returning from a successful loan spell, May signed a new one year contract with St. Johnstone. After another successful loan spell, his future at St. Johnstone appears in doubt, though the club would receive compensation if May moved on. However, May returned to St. Johnstone and signed a new one-year contract.
In the summer of 2013 May was the subject of several bids from Peterborough United of the English Championship. Despite being linked with a move to Peterborough United, May remains happy staying at the club. Immediately after being linked with Peterborough, May was offered a further contract extension by St. Johnstone. After signing a new contract, May believes his performance in his two loan spells could he can make a breakthrough next season at the club.
He started the 2013/14 season very well, scoring the equaliser against Europa League opponents, Rosenborg. This result helped score a famous 2–1 aggregate win for St. Johnstone. At the start of the league season, BBC commentator Rob MacLean described him as "having been pumped up with a bicycle pump" due to his weight training and maturing out of his teenage years over the summer months. He went on to score the winner against Hearts, and goals against Ross County and Hibs. He scored 4 goals in his first 9 games of the season leading to a call-up for the Scotland U21 team. New St. Johnstone manager Tommy Wright described him as "heading for the top".
In a match against Inverness CT on 5 October 2013, May played a vital role in the match, when he provided a triple assist and scored for himself, as St. Johnstone win 4-0. He then scored four goals in three matches against Motherwell, Hearts and Kilmarnock. For his continuously impressive display, May signed signed a one-year contract extension, which will keep him until 2015. It could got for May when he won the Scottish Professional Football League player of the month award of October. May 
scored his first hat-trick of the season, in a 3-0 win over Dundee United. Three weeks after that, May scored another hat-trick, on 18 January 2013, in a 3-3 draw against Hearts.
After scoring eighteen goals this season which he has the potential to break Paul Wright back in season 1991/92, May scored his 19th and 20th goal of the season, in all competitions, as they bear Aberdeen to reach their first Scottish Cup Final. May was among four players to be nominated for PFA Scotland Young Player of the Year, but lost out to Dundee United's Andrew Robertson. Nevertheless, May did won the SFWA Young Player of the Year. May was also included for Scottish Premiership Team of the Year. In the Scottish Cup Final, May started the match and provided an assist for Steven MacLean, as they beat Dundee United 2-0 to win St. Johnstone's first major trophy at Celtic Park. During the match, May had his goal disallowed correctly for handball to the net after he had his header shot saved by the opposition goalkeeper. The goal initially stand until the additional assistant behind the goal ruled it out and was then received yellow for this.
During the 2013-14 season, May continues to attract interests from English clubs, such as Rotherham United, Peterborough United, Preston North End and QPR. Talks with Stevie May to sign a new contract had started. But May insists the talks over signing a new contract was put on hold until the conclusion of the Scottish Cup Final.
Loan Spells.
May's only appearance of the 2011–12 season came as a substitute on the opening day of the season against Aberdeen at Pittodrie. With appearances limited he was loaned to Alloa Athletic until the end of January. He made his league debut for Alloa on 10 December against Queen's Park, going on to score his first goals on 2 January 2012, netting a hat-trick for The Wasps in a 3–1 win against East Stirlingshire. After one month at the club, May had his loan spell with Alloa extended until the end of the season. May was awarded the SFL Player of the Month, Young Player of the Month and Irn-Bru Ginger Boot awards for January; the first time that one player has won all three player awards in a month. He scored four goals in the 8–1 victory against Elgin City that clinched the Third Division championship. At the end of the season, May won the Irn-Bru SFL Phenomenal Third Division Player of the Season.
On 29 August 2012, he joined Scottish First Division side Hamilton Academical on loan until 31 May 2013. May cited moving to Hamilton on loan, as ""get his own career back on track."" After four games without a goal, May scored his first goal and then another in the match, as well as, making assist twice, as Hamilton beat Airdrieonians 4-0 on 11 October 2012. After scoring fifteen goals this season, May scored two consecutive hat tricks against Airdieonians, in a 5-0 win on 11 April 2013 and another come against Livingston, in a 3-0 win on 18 April 2013. For his performance in April, May was awarded the Irn Bru player and young player of the month in the Scottish Football League. At the end of the season, May says he enjoyed his time at Hamilton. At the end of the season, May was awarded furthermore when he won Irn-Bru SFL Phenomenal Young of the Season.
Style of Play.
Due to his long hair, May is often compared to Carlos Valderrama and Carles Puyol by his team-mate. May said of himself, quoting: ""“I’m confident in scoring goals but even with that I’ve achieved a bit more than even I thought I could do.""
Manager Derek McInnes tipped May to become the first team regular in the future.
International career.
On 5 August 2013, May was call-up for the Scotland U21 team after making an impressive display at St. Johnstone.

</doc>
<doc id="30952169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952169" title="Wall of Hits (video)">
Wall of Hits (video)

Wall of Hits is the first compilation of music videos from English rock band Slade. The compilation was titled after the audio/CD compilation of the same year. It was released by Polygram Video. The compilation only exists on VHS and is now out of print, never being released onto DVD. All videos from this compilation do exist on the 2005 DVD compilation The Very Best of Slade though. The set features many of Slade's hits however misses tracks such as Cum On Feel the Noize, Look Wot You Dun, Take Me Bak 'Ome, Skweeze Me, Pleeze Me and Get Down and Get With It. Also, much of the bands 1980s material is missing, most likely due to the band being on the RCA Records label for the decade and not Polydor.
Two new singles were released to promote the Wall of Hits CD and VHS. The hit single Radio Wall of Sound has the music video included on the compilation whereas the other single Universe doesn't, due to video not yet being filmed.

</doc>
<doc id="30952174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952174" title="Safeways Here We Come">
Safeways Here We Come

Safeways Here We Come is an EP by Canadian punk rock band Chixdiggit!. It was released on February 15, 2011.
The title is a play on the name of the The Smiths final studio album, "Strangeways, Here We Come".

</doc>
<doc id="30952198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952198" title="Yuriy Chonka">
Yuriy Chonka

Yuriy Chonka (, ; born 31 May 1991 in Velyka Kopanya) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who last played for Naftan Novopolotsk in the Belarusian Premier League.
Career.
Chonka awarded the title of best football player in Zakarpattia in 2010 among amateur teams.
In 16 February 2011 he signed 5-years contract with FC Metalist.

</doc>
<doc id="30952205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952205" title="Cowan Cowan Point Light">
Cowan Cowan Point Light

Cowan Cowan Point Light, was also known as Cowan Cowan Light or Cowan Point Light, was located on Cowan Cowan Point, on the western shore of Moreton Island, Queensland, Australia. 
History.
The first settlement at the point was a pilot station, moved from Amity Point in August 1848. The pilot station was later moved to Bulwer. The first lighthouse was constructed in the early 1860s, a wooden tower. It carried a large kerosene burner with a reflector and showed a fixed white light. In 1867, together with the construction of the Comboyuro Point Light tower, the tower was extended to . 
In 1873 it was decided that the tower should be upgraded again. The new lighthouse was constructed in 1874 by the brothers John and Jacob Rooney of Maryborough, who already constructed Sandy Cape Light in 1870. The Rooney brother also constructed Lady Elliot Island Light around the same time, and the same lantern plan was used for both lighthouses. They later constructed Cape Bowling Green Light in 1874, Cape Capricorn Light in 1875, and finally Booby Island Light in 1890. The apparatus was also upgraded and the old apparatus was installed on the old Comboyuro Point tower which was moved to Burnett Heads and is now known as the Old Burnett Heads Light. The light was intensified in 1883 by installed condensing prisms. Further construction is reported in 1899, though no details exist. 
Coastal erosion problems were reported as early as 1898. In 1901 the tower and the cottage were moved inland to protect them from the aforementioned erosion. A 1909 listing describes the tower as a wooden tower, carrying a fixed fourth order dioptric apparatus. The light was showing red and white sectors, and was visible for . 
In 1909 the pilot station at Bulwer was closed except for a remaining signal station. In 1912 this signal station was moved to Cowan Cowan. For part of its lifetime, the signal station was operated by the Cowan Cowan light keeper. In 1950 the light was converted to acetylene gas, automated, and demanned.
The "List of Lights" lists an active light at the site, a square metal tower, which also serves as a daymark, with orange yellow squares on the northwest and southwest faces. The light, displayed at a focal height of , is a flash every two seconds, white, red or green, depending on the direction (Fl.W.R.G. 2s), visible for . Green is shown on 345°−016°30′, red is shown on 016°30′−048°30′, 055°−132° and 141°−188° while white is displayed on 048°30′−055° and 132°−141°. The light is partially obscured by trees on 165°−188°. 

</doc>
<doc id="30952211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952211" title="France Littlewood">
France Littlewood

France Littlewood (1863–1941) was a British socialist activist.
Born in Honley, then in the West Riding of Yorkshire, Littlewood studied at Almondbury Grammar School before working in his father's dye works. He joined the Liberal Party, which he represented on Honley Local Union, but left in 1891 to join the new Colne Valley Labour Union. In 1893, he was a founder member of the Independent Labour Party (ILP), and he rapidly rose to prominent, becoming national treasurer in 1896, serving until 1902 . He held a seat for the party on Honley Urban District Council from 1895 to 1896. His family's firm was declared bankrupt in 1899, although he and his brothers managed to retain ownership of the mill.
At the Colne Valley by-election, 1907, Littlewood was a leading supporter of Victor Grayson, an ILP member who was refused national support because he did not support the Labour Party. Grayson was successful, and Littlewood regained his seat on the Urban District Council, in addition to one on the Board of Guardians. However, the newly renamed Colne Valley Socialist League followed Grayson in moving away from the ILP and towards syndicalism, a position which Littlewood opposed. In 1910, Grayson lost his seat, and the local group split from the ILP, joining the British Socialist Party on its formation, the following year. Littlewood sided with a minority loyal to the ILP.
During World War I, Littlewood served as a sergeant with the Volunteer Battalion of the Duke of Wellington's Regiment. He remained an ILP supporter until 1928, when he resigned in support of Philip Snowden's economic policies.

</doc>
<doc id="30952214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952214" title="Frederick Hards">
Frederick Hards

Air Vice-Marshal Frederick George Darby Hards CBE DSC DFC (17 April 1889 – 10 July 1963) was a Royal Air Force officer who went on to be Air Officer Commanding British Forces Aden.
Military career.
Hards joined Royal Fusiliers in 1914 and then served in World War I as a pilot with the Royal Naval Air Service. He received his aviator's certificate in 1915. After the War he became Officer Commanding No. 230 Squadron and then, after various staff positions, he was appointed Officer Commanding RAF Malta in 1930. He went on to be Fleet Aviation Officer to Commander-in-Chief Mediterranean Fleet in 1933 and Senior Engineering Staff Officer at Fighter Command in 1936.
He served in World War II as Senior Air Staff Officer and then Air Officer Administration at Coastal Command before becoming Air Officer Administration and then Air Officer Commanding British Forces Aden; he retired in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="30952224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952224" title="PTOL">
PTOL

Point take off and landing (PTOL) is an evolving term describing special take-off and landing capabilities of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) and other aircraft.
PTOL indicates that there is no requirement for a runway for operations. Instead, ‘point’ suggests that the length of runway required is near zero, implying a minimal-sized location for touchdown and takeoff. Sometimes no prepared surface at all is needed.
PTOL is assisted in certain cases by means which are not needed by vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) or by short take-off and landing (STOL) vehicles. These may include a very long cable enforcing the convergence of the aircraft from afar onto the intended touchdown point. This may still be worthwhile due to maintaining the air-vehicle's advantages which are maximal simplicity leading to better cruise performance, as is the case using a fixed-wing UAV platform.
Advantages.
PTOL capability enables UAVs and aircraft to land and take off in very confined locations like rooftops, ship decks and forest clearings. This is comparable to VTOL, but it helps fixed-wing/simple UAVs achieve this, avoiding the complexity and cost of air-vehicle construction required for VTOL which include jet-thrust-rotation engines, engine pods or rotor tilting mechanisms. 
This gives higher aerodynamic efficiency and allows smaller engines and lower cost, among other advantages. Also, a true PTOL solution means exact touchdowns even in adverse conditions such as the rolling and heaving deck of a ship, strong winds on land, or nearby obstacles such as trees or rocks. The ability to land a UAV direct onto a vehicle, with cushioning, adds safety to deployed UAVs, providing touchdown with no-runway or pre-prepared area and easing a quick change of the landing-site.
The fact that PTOL capable UAVs can land unassisted on rolling ships gives them an advantage over manned helicopters.
Implementation.
PTOL takeoffs are quite simple. Any rocket launched from a tube, or an UAV launched by a rail-launcher or similar means, is in effect making a point takeoff.
For the landings, several ideas have been proposed. An example for sea operations is catching a UAV in a parachute in the air behind a ship, then lowering the UAV to the deck by pulling the parachute in.
Another idea is 'cable-assisted PTOL' for fixed-wing UAVs. The UAV makes a cable connection to a surface winch (on a ship or on the ground) and the winch pulls the UAV down to the intended ‘point’. This is potentially useful for land and naval usage of fixed-wing UAVs.
Patents.
Patent 4,790,497 "Point-landing method for non vertical take off and landing flying objects" 
Patent 4,753,400 "Shipboard air vehicle retrieval apparatus" 
Patent 4,311,290 "Arrestment system" 

</doc>
<doc id="30952225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952225" title="Itzik Cohen (footballer born 1983)">
Itzik Cohen (footballer born 1983)

Itzik Cohen (born April 22, 1983) is an Israeli international footballer, as a central defender.
Career.
Cohen has played for Maccabi Haifa, Hapoel Haifa, Hapoel Ironi Acre, Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona, Hakoah Amidar Ramat Gan, Hapoel Petah Tikva and Bnei Sakhnin.
He made his international debut in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30952238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952238" title="Edward McNally (Pennsylvania)">
Edward McNally (Pennsylvania)

Edward W. McNally (January 2, 1900 – November 21, 1968) was an American politician from Cambria County, Pennsylvania. A member of the Democratic Party, McNally served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1961 until his death in 1968.
Professional career.
After graduating from Carnegie Institute of Technology (now Carnegie-Mellon University) in Pittsburgh, McNally served in a variety of managerial positions. He served as president and treasurer of McNally Tire and Rubber Company, and was a past director of Johnstown Hockey Company.
Political career and death.
McNally originally represented Cambria County in the State House (by holding one of the county's allotted at-large seats). While serving in the House, he sat on both the Liquor Control and Highway Committees.
Following the constitutional changes of 1968, which reorganized House seats into numbered districts, McNally was elected to represent the new 72nd District. However, he died on November 21, 1968, sixteen days after his election to the seat, following a heart attack. The ensuing special election for the seat was won by Democrat John Murtha.
Personal life.
McNally was married to Sally Hoffman, and had one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="30952244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952244" title="369th (Croatian) Infantry Division (Wehrmacht)">
369th (Croatian) Infantry Division (Wehrmacht)

The 369th (Croatian) Infantry Division (, ) was a so-called 'legionnaire' division of the Wehrmacht and was formed with about 8,500 soldiers recruited from the Independent State of Croatia (NDH) commanded by about 3,500 German officers, non-commissioned officers and specialists.
History.
Formation and first battles.
It was formed in September 1942 and began assembling and training at Stockerau and Dollersheim in Austria. The division attempted to cultivate the heritage of the 42. Home Guard Infantry Division, which had been known as the Devil's Division.
Although originally intended for use on the Russian Front, the division did not deploy there and was returned to the NDH in January 1943 due to the need to combat the Partisans in the territory of the NDH. It was also known as the Devil's Division (, ).
Anti-Partisan Operations.
As soon as the division returned to the NDH, desertions from the division began to occur. On the day it arrived back from training in Austria, an average of 25 men were absent without leave from each company of the division. There were a range of factors encouraging desertion, including reverses suffered by the Germans in North Africa and at Stalingrad and elsewhere on the Russian Front, Partisan propaganda and infiltration, and the work of the Croatian Peasant Party.
1943.
The division participated in the first and in the second phase of Operation Weiss in late February and early March 1943. Division was attacked during disembarkment in Banija, even before it was fully developed for fight. Parts of 7th Banija Division attacked its reconnaissance battalion near Kostajnica on 28 December 1942. On 3 January Partisans destroyed two trains near Blinjski Kut, one of which was carrying elements of 369th Division. On 15 January reinforced anti-tank battalion was engaged in fierce combat at Blinja. Even before Operation Weiss started on 20 January, the Division already had suffered 51 dead, 99 wounded and 8 missing.
In Operation Weiss I 369th Division, reinforced with elements of the 187th Reserve Division and with 3rd Mountain Brigade of the NDH, had a task to advance from Petrinja area towards the road Slunj - Bihać, to "comb" the terrain, and to destroy partisan groups and deport the population. First it had to overcome the stiff resistance of the 7th Banija Division. Division reached Bosanska Krupa on 1 February, when 7th SS division had already taken Bihać, and partisan 7th Banija Division had to redeploy its main forces to block the advancement of the SS troops. 369th Division then continued with the operation, proceeded with circling Grmeč in close connection with 7th SS and 717th Division. After the encirclement of Grmeč was completed, 369. Division had a task to "comb" northern slopes of the mountain. After partisans and the mass of the population succeeded to break out of the encirclement, Weiss I was finished with 15 February. In the operation, 369th Division lost 110 dead, 188 wounded, and 54 missing.
Operation Weiss II started on 25 February, and 369th Division with 7th SS Division constituted the southern attack group. Division advanced through Mrkonjić Grad and Šipovo, and with its reconnaissance battalion captured Livno on 5 March.
The division also participated in Operation Schwartz. During the preparatory actions for taking starting positions, the division on 6 May pushed partisans back and unblocked Italian battalion Aosta and Četniks, who were under partisan siege in Foča. During the final stage of the operation, the division was holding the part of the encirclement on the northern slopes of Zelengora, but the 1st Proletarian Brigade on 10 June successfully broke out through the division's positions, followed by other partisan units. Total reported losses of the divisions were 92 dead, 263 wounded, and 233 missing.
In september 1943, total strength of the division was 12.883 men, 3.701 of which were Germans.
Desertions worsened particularly after the capitulation of Italy in September 1943. For example, during October 1943, 489 men deserted from the division.
In October 1943, the Germans confirmed that the division would not be utilised on either the Western Front or the Russian Front, and would continue to serve in the NDH.
For several months from early December 1943, elements of the division took part in series of operations by the V SS Mountain Corps against the Partisans in eastern Bosnia known in the former Yugoslavia as the Sixth Enemy Offensive. However, the offensive failed to decisively engage the Partisans.
1944.
The reconnaissance battalion of the division was involved in Operation Rösselsprung.
Final months.
The division saw action against the Partisans until the end of the war. However, by April 1945 a large part of the Croatian manpower of the division had been lost or released, with the Croatian manpower of the division only numbering between 2,000 and 3,000 soldiers. During the last few weeks of the war, the division fought in north-west Bosnia and Slavonia and withdrew towards Austria. After moving through northern Croatia, it turned west into the area of Celje in northern Slovenia. On 11 May 1945 the division, less one company, was stopped and disarmed by Partisan forces. The Germans were allowed to proceed into Austria, but the remaining Croatian soldiers were taken prisoner. The German troops surrendered to the British and were not returned to Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="30952247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952247" title="Antonio Roque Gobbo">
Antonio Roque Gobbo

Antonio Roque Gobbo is a writer, born 11 November 1935 in São Sebastião do Paraíso, Minas Gerais, Brazil.
Writing career.
Antonio began his writer career on his 60s when he began writing short stories. He created a project to publish 1000 short stories, the "Milistórias" Project. Since then he released seven books in the collection "Milistórias". And he also released a novel, ""A Senhora das Coroas"", or ""Lady of the Crowns"" in English.
Publications.
Below are the publications of Antonio:
Other Publications.
Antonio also appeared in the book,"Contos dos Contos - Narrativas Inspiradas na Bíblia (The Tales of Tales - Narratives Inspired by the Bible)(2005, Mazza Edições, Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil), a book composed of 10 short stories, all from different authors, one of the tales written by Antonio.
Gibiteca Antonio Gobbo.
Antonio was also an avid collector of comic books for much of his life, from childhood, around age 7, until in his 50s. His collectioon reached a peak or around 4800 items, and so he decided to create the "Biblioteca Nacional de Histórias em Quadrinhos"(National Library of Comic Books), which existed between 1987 and 1992 in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais. In 1992 Antonio decided to donate its entire collection of the National Library of Comic Books for the a Belo Horizonte's Public Library. His collection was named as "Gibiteca Antonio Gobbo" at the Belo Horizonte's public library.
Personal life.
Anthonio is married to Enny Mumic Gobbo and father of five children, Cecilia Gobbo, Denise Gobbo, Alexandre Gobbo, Fabiola Gobbo, and Mauricio Gobbo Gobbo. He currently lives in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="30952251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952251" title="Yellow Patch">
Yellow Patch

Yellow Patch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30952254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952254" title="Edward McNally">
Edward McNally

Edward McNally may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30952266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952266" title="XRDS (magazine)">
XRDS (magazine)

XRDS, formerly "Crossroads", is the flagship academic magazine for student members of the Association for Computing Machinery or ACM. Issues focus on computer science topics and are published quarterly in both print and electronic forms. The magazine is distributed to tens of thousands of students worldwide. The full text of every issue is available online to ACM members through the ACM Digital Library, with many articles selected by the editorial staff open to the general public. The first edition was published in 1994(ACM 2010) and was ACM's first electronically produced publication, originally being distributed in HTML. It is run by a group of volunteer students and supported by staff at ACM headquarters in New York City. XRDS employs a mixed invited and unsolicited submissions model, which are refereed by a staff of permanent editors.(ACM 2010b). Issues exist for every quarter since Fall 1994, with a few extra, mid-Summer, issues (ACM 2010c).
Relaunch.
The magazine was originally titled Crossroads, but in May 2010, it was given a makeover and the title was replaced by the pseudo-acronym "XRDS". Prior to the relaunch, the format of the magazine was similar to that of its cousin for ACM professional members, the Communications of the ACM, where articles are summaries of interesting research papers. With the Summer 2010 issue of XRDS, ACM inaugurates a completely revamped edition of the magazine. Targeted to both graduate and undergraduate students contemplating computing careers, the newly redesigned XRDS offers breaking news and information, practical career advice, and first-hand stories and profiles of people on the front lines of the burgeoning computing field.
The new magazine and its website http://xrds.acm.org reflect the real voices of today’s students, and will create a hub of interaction and communication for them to access.
XRDS has been designed as an easy-access resource for students who are focused on their futures. Readers now have a convenient channel to find valuable content not only on their field of study but on the student experience as well. With the magazines’ new website, students now have a central place where they can share their ideas and experiences through interactive features and by submitting articles for publication.

</doc>
<doc id="30952280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952280" title="Banking in Sierra Leone">
Banking in Sierra Leone

Banking in Sierra Leone consists of a central bank, the Bank of Sierra Leone, seven commercial banks, and six community banks. The Civil War destroyed many of the branches of the countries commercial banks and as of 2005 there were 34 commercial bank branches the majority in the major towns. Procedures for obtaining loans have been assessed as very complicated and there is a relatively low ratio of private credit to GDP at just over 4 percent.
Community Banks.
Community banks play the role of extended financial services to local communities who are not able to access the commercial banks. They are also designed to help development within Sierra Leone by supporting the governments microfinancing program and empowering local communities.

</doc>
<doc id="30952284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952284" title="Julius Schou">
Julius Schou

Sergeant Julius Alexis Schou (July 17, 1849 – November 19, 1929) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 22nd U.S. Infantry during the Sioux Wars. During the Great Sioux War of 1876, Schou risked his life volunteering to carry dispatches from commanders in the field to Fort Buford. He was eventually recognized for his efforts and received the Medal of Honor on November 19, 1884.
Biography.
Julius Alexis Schou was born on July 17, 1849, in Copenhagen, Denmark. He later emigrated to the United States and lived in Brooklyn, New York before enlisting in the United States Army in the mid-to late 1870s. Assigned to frontier duty in the Dakota Territory, he saw considerable action with the 22nd U.S. Infantry Regiment during the Sioux Wars. It was during the Great Sioux War of 1876 that the 27-year-old corporal volunteered to deliver dispatches from Brigadier General Elwell Stephen Otis to General William B. Hazen at Fort Buford, a dangerous task which required Schou to ride long distances though wide-open Indian territory, and was cited for distinguished by his superiors. He received an immediate transfer to Troop G of the 4th U.S. Cavalry Regiment and was promoted to the rank of sergeant. He later received the Medal of Honor in recognition of his actions on November 19, 1884; though he won the award in 1876, his MOH citation was incorrectly dated 1870. Prior to his retirement, he served as a recruiting officer in Seattle and, in 1896, was interviewed by The Spokesman-Review. Schou died on November 19, 1929, at the age of 80, and interred at Arlington National Cemetery.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Corporal, Company I, 22d U.S. Infantry. Place and date: Sioux Campaign, 1870. Entered service at: --. Birth: Denmark. Date of issue: 19 November 1884. 
Citation:
Carried dispatches to Fort Buford.

</doc>
<doc id="30952293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952293" title="Joseph Tyan">
Joseph Tyan

Joseph VII Peter Tyan (1760–1820) (or Youssef Tyan, "Youssef Tiyen", "Thian", "Tian", "Tyen", "Al-Tiyyan", ) was the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch from 1796 until his resignation in 1809.
Life.
Joseph Tyan was born in Beirut, Lebanon on March 15, 1760. He studied in Rome in the College of the Propaganda where he remained from 1773 to 1782. In 1783 and 1784 he played an important role in supporting Patriarch Joseph Estephan's reconciliation with the Roman authorities. Joseph Tyan was ordained as a priest in 1784, and he was appointed Maronite bishop of Damascus and consecrated on August 6, 1786 by Patriarch Joseph Estephan. Even if Rome judged his episcopal ordination as not in line with the current rules, Tyan was appointed Patriarchal Vicar in 1788.
After the death of Patriarch Joseph Estephan in 1793, two short-reigning Patriarchs followed, and finally on April 28, 1796 Joseph Tyan was elected patriarch, even if opposed by the Khazen Sheikhes. His election was confirmed by Pope Pius VI on July 24, 1797.
In March 1801 Joseph Tyan wrote an encyclical to his faithful against the Jansenistic doctrine of Germanos Adam, thus defending papal primacy.
Patriarch Joseph Tyan took a stand against the Ottoman government, and during the French Campaign in Egypt and Syria he supported Napoleon in the siege of Acre (1799), urging Maronites to volunteer and asking Emir Bashir II to ally himself with Napoleon. Despite Tyan's hopes, Emir Bashir remained neutral and the British-Ottoman alliance defeated Napoleon at Akko.
The difficulties of the Patriarchate of Joseph Tyan increased; he came in conflict with Emir Bashir II not only for his support of Napoleon, but also for the excessive taxes the Emir imposed on the Maronite peasants. He also had to face the discontent of some of his bishops, led by the Khazen Sheikhes, who in 1800 wrote to Rome complaining that Tyan illegally took church properties and instigated discord. Actually the real reason for the Khazen Sheikhes' opposition to him seems to have been his attempt to implement reform of the administration of the monasteries, which in great measure were owned by the Sheikhes. Only Tyan's successor, John Helou, could start such reform with the 1818 synod.
Due to the above difficulties, in 1805 the Vatican appointed an Apostolic visitor in the Maronite Patriarchate, Germanos El Khazen bishop of Damascus, followed on March 7, 1807 by Aloisio Gandolfi, who took a stand against Joseph Tyan, and advised him to retire. On October 3, 1807 Patriarch Joseph Tyan wrote a letter to Rome with his resignation, that was communicated to the Maronite bishops on September 24, 1808. Consequently Aloisio Gandolfi summoned a meeting of all the bishops in Harissa in April 1809. A short time later, on June 8, 1809, John Helou was elected Patriarch.
Joseph Tyan retired in a hermitage and later moved to Kfarhaye (Batroun District) to teach theology in the newly erected seminary of Saint Maron. He died in odour of sanctity on February 20, 1820 in the patriarchal residence of the Qannubin Monastery, in the Kadisha Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="30952297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952297" title="Carver High School (Phoenix, Arizona)">
Carver High School (Phoenix, Arizona)

Carver High School, formerly known as Phoenix Union Colored High School and as George Washington Carver High School, is a former school in Phoenix, Arizona that served African-American students until the integration of schools in 1954. It was opened in 1926 by the Phoenix Union High School District as "Phoenix Union Colored High School" but was renamed to "Carver High School" in 1943.
The building is currently used as the George Washington Carver Museum and Cultural Center, which is operated by the Phoenix Monarchs Alumni Association (named after the old high school's mascot).
The building was built in 1926 in 20th Century Commercial style. It was designed and/or built by Pierson & Johnson. The building and a area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="30952311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952311" title="Achnahannet">
Achnahannet

Achnahannet is the name of several hamlets in Scotland:

</doc>
<doc id="30952322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952322" title="Diocese of Moesia">
Diocese of Moesia

The Diocese of Moesia (, ) was one of the twelve dioceses in which Diocletian (r. 284–305) divided the Roman Empire during his administrative reforms. It encompassed most of the central Balkans and the Greek peninsula, stretching from the Danube to Crete. The diocese was split in two, forming the Diocese of Macedonia in the south and the Diocese of Dacia in the north, probably under Constantine I (r. 306–337), although it is not attested until ca. 370. The two new diocese were grouped into the new praetorian prefecture of Illyricum in the second half of the 4th century, which essentially covered the same area as the Diocese of Moesia.
Administration.
At the time of Diocletian, the diocese comprised 11 provinces:

</doc>
<doc id="30952325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952325" title="Jhuddo">
Jhuddo

Jhuddo (or Jhudo) is a city in Mirpur Khas District, Sindh province, Pakistan with a population of 80000. Recently had acquired the status of Taulka. 

</doc>
<doc id="30952333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952333" title="Ramūnas Radavičius">
Ramūnas Radavičius

Ramūnas Radavičius (born 20 January 1981) is a Lithuanian international footballer, as a midfielder.
Career.
Radavičius has played club football for FC Vilnius, FK Žalgiris Vilnius, FK Sūduva Marijampolė and FK Ekranas.
He made his international debut for Lithuania in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30952344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952344" title="Anand Giridharadas">
Anand Giridharadas

Anand Giridharadas is an American author and newspaper columnist.
Raised in Shaker Heights, Ohio, in Paris and in Maryland, he studied politics and history at the universities of Michigan, Oxford and Harvard. After graduating from college, he moved to Mumbai in 2003, where he worked as a consultant for the global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company. In 2005, he became a journalist, covering India for the "International Herald Tribune" and "The New York Times". In 2009, after returning to the United States, he began to write the "Currents" column for those newspapers. He also writes longer magazine pieces. 
In 2011, he published his first book, "India Calling: An Intimate Portrait of a Nation's Remaking".
He is a Henry Crown fellow of the Aspen Institute. He lives in Brooklyn, New York, with his wife, Priya Parker.

</doc>
<doc id="30952351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952351" title="Alfonzo Blackwell">
Alfonzo Blackwell

Alfonzo Blackwell is an American modern contemporary jazz saxophonist, composer, and producer. He is also a pianist, bassist, guitarist and drummer.
Biography.
Alfonzo Robert Blackwell Jr. was born in Brooklyn, New York. Music was always a big part of his household and childhood upbringing. He learned to play the piano by ear at the age of six. He began playing saxophone at the age of eleven and became proficient on alto, tenor and soprano saxophones. Over the years he also started to play the drums, bass and guitar. Parents Robert and Herminia Blackwell, siblings Brenetta, Lynette & Rolan Blackwell.
He was accepted at the Performing Arts High School in NYC and then continued his advanced studies at The Aaron Copland School of Music at Queens College and Five Towns College for Music in Long Island, NY. While honing his craft, his jazz influences included Cannonball Adderley, John Coltrane, Jackie McLean, Eric Dolphy and Charlie Parker. He performed at jazz clubs throughout the tri-state area and earned a weekly residency at a popular Manhattan music venue. Through his youth, Blackwell played in big bands, jazz ensembles, funk bands, etc. to showcase his original material to his growing audiences and he also played traditional jazz standards and added a few cover tunes in his shows. His formula for mixing traditional jazz with modern contemporary soul and jazz is what makes up his musical presence to date.
Blackwell entered the contemporary jazz music scene in May 1995 with his debut CD release "Let’s Imagine". After his instant NAC radio hit "Alfonzo’s Love Theme", he forged ahead with more Top 10 "Billboard"-charting hits. "Hermina", an originally penned tribute to his mother, "Passion" and "Funky Shuffle" were chart toppers as well. Music video hits "Love No Limit" and "A Little Bit of Sax" were both nominated for Best Contemporary Jazz Video Billboard Awards and he was a regular feature on BET and other popular music video channels. His "Funky Shuffle" and "Take One" (remix) music videos also generated buzz. His music compositions have been used for movie themes as well as television. He performed the theme song to the internationally successful television show "Baywatch Nights", on which he was featured every week with David Hasselhoff. He also was featured on the movie soundtrack for the Rebecca De Mornay and Antonio Banderas movie "Never Talk to Strangers", with the hit track "Love Sick". Blackwell has performed with musicians including Gladys Knight, The Whispers and Roy Ayers to name a few. He also performed with contemporary soul artists such as Mary J. Blige, Faith Evans and Brian McKnight.
Throughout his musical career, Blackwell has always made it a priority to pay tribute to jazz greats who came before him and inspired him by recording his own renditions of such classics as Quincy Jones' production of "Killer Joe", George Benson's "Breezin'", John Coltrane's take on "My Favorite Things" and Miles Davis' "All Blues". Growing up, Blackwell was strongly influenced by the various musical styles that his parents played in his home. He also produced and performed his rendition of MFSB's "Love Is the Message" on his self-titled LP.
2010 marked Blackwell's fifteenth anniversary in the music business and to commemorate this milestone he worked on a tribute to John Coltrane for inclusion in his eighth project, "Legacy". He planned a recording of Coltrane's "Impressions" for 2011 single-track release.
Causes and special interests.
Blackwell supports various charitable causes and music education programs. In his spare time, he is a competitive bodybuilder and power-lifter and has won several awards and trophies throughout his rigorous training. He is also a competitive Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner. Blackwell uses his musical discipline to master of all facets of his life that has made him the student of success. He is currently an American Heart Association (AHA) ambassador for the Power to End Stroke campaign initiative. He also serves as a speaker and board member of the Artist Empowerment Coalition. The Artist Empowerment Coalition is a not-for-profit coalition of artists, musicians, songwriters, producers and music lovers. The AEC was initiated and inspired through the efforts of artists such as Stevie Wonder, Prince, Roberta Flack and Chaka Khan along with the law firm of L. Londell McMillan, P.C. and supports musicians and artist’s rights.

</doc>
<doc id="30952375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952375" title="Kim Hyun-kon">
Kim Hyun-kon

Kim Hyun-Kon (Hangul: 김현곤, Hanja: 金炫坤) (born October 22, 1985 in Seoul) is a South Korean short track speed skater.

</doc>
<doc id="30952382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952382" title="Grammy Award for Best Americana Album">
Grammy Award for Best Americana Album

The Grammy Award for Best Americana Album is an honor presented to recording artists for quality albums in the Americana music genre at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to "honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position".
In 2009, the Academy announced that the award for Best Contemporary Folk/Americana Album would be split into two separate categories: Best Contemporary Folk Album and Best Americana Album. The distinction between the two award categories is based on the use of acoustic versus electric instruments; acoustic instruments predominate in "contemporary folk" and electric instruments are characteristic of Americana. Jed Hilly, executive director of the Americana Music Association, called the new category's inclusion "a huge acknowledgment" of the music genre. Hilly admitted to working hard at convincing the Academy to include Americana as its own category. The music industry had been using the term "Americana music" for about 15 years before the new award was created. Following is the award's purpose, according to the category description guide from the 2011 Grammy Awards:
The award was first presented in 2010 to Levon Helm at the 52nd Grammy Awards for the album "Electric Dirt". The second winner, in 2011, was Mavis Staples. Helm, Willie Nelson and Lucinda Williams are the only artists to be nominated more than once.

</doc>
<doc id="30952393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952393" title="Valeriodoce Esporte Clube">
Valeriodoce Esporte Clube

Valeriodoce Esporte Clube, commonly known as Valério, is a Brazilian football club based in Itabira, Minas Gerais state. They competed in the Série B and in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on November 22, 1942. Valério won the Campeonato Mineiro Second Level in 1964. They competed in the Série B in 1988 and in the Série C in 1993, but failed to gain promotion in both seasons.
Stadium.
Valeriodoce Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Israel Pinheiro. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 4,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30952395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952395" title="Stictococcidae">
Stictococcidae

Stictococcidae is a family of scale insects commonly known as stictococcids. There are three genera containing about seventeen species and members of this family are found only in Afro-tropical regions.
Hosts.
Members of this family have been recorded on thirty-eight different plant families, including various agricultural crops, but are most common on plants in the families, Annonaceae, Euphorbiaceae, Fabaceae and Sterculiaceae. 
Description.
Adult female stictococcids are similar in appearance to soft scales in the family Coccidae. They are nearly circular, flattened dorsally and have turned up margins. The segments are conspicuous, particularly near the rim. There are small, pale coloured legs and antennae on the underside. The body is covered in setae which are longer at the periphery. 
Life cycle.
Stictococcids have three female instars and five male instars. The first instars are sexually dimorphic, with the females having the anus in the center of the body and having well-developed mouthparts, whereas the males have the anus near the posterior end of the body and have no mouthparts. Most species are associated with ants who feed on the honeydew they produce. 

</doc>
<doc id="30952417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952417" title="Suzana Skoko">
Suzana Skoko

Suzana Skoko (born 21 June 1971 in Zagreb) is a Croatian sports shooter. She competed for Croatia in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona and 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. Her best Olympic result was 5th place in the 50 metre rifle three positions in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="30952427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952427" title="Integrated biotectural system">
Integrated biotectural system

The Integrated Biotectural System or IBTS-Greenhouse is a holistic concept developed for hot arid deserts. It relies on a new quality of systems integration including architectural, technological and natural elements. In this case it means the combination of farming and living in one building, as well as desalination of sea water, or brackish groundwater. 
Neither the superstructure of the IBTS-Greenhouse, nor its technology resembles that of a common greenhouse.
A group of companies called LivingDesert was established to build the IBTS in Egypt. It is part of the national plan for large scale desert-reclamation with afforestation and for agricultural purposes.
The new type of facility has its roots in construction engineering and construction physics in contrast to agriculture as it is for most novel greenhouses. Thus it is also fundamentally different from the seawater greenhouses. Much more so it differs for its unrivaled performance (see below). Without exception alternative desalination-technologies, air-to-water utilities and desalination-greenhouses in testing, require a multiple of the energy for fresh-water production, as is the current efficiency record in the industry.
The significance of the term lies within the efficiency that only systems integration can achieve.
Particular importance lies on the imitation of natural systems, especially closed cycles. The establishment of closed watercycles being the most crucial of all, because of the increasing severeness of the Global Water crisis particularly in hot desert climates.
The desalination feature is bound to hot climates because it requires high amounts of solar thermal power. It has turned out to be very suitable in mitigation of the sinking of water tables in agricultural areas of the MENA region and beyond.
Performance.
The energy of operation is 0.45 kWh per cubic metre of distilled water in the full scale version. This performance is more than 10x better than the records set by desalination plants in Dubai and Perth according to official numbers given by the respective authorities.
The IBTS is based on a modular concept, with a core size of 1 hectare. This is the minimum size for the construction and for self-sufficiency, but the circular modules can be built 10 hectare large, or more. Each module is based on sub-modules allowing for immediate commencement of operation and generation of profit (like a reafforestation site generating profit in its early stages). Best efficiency and full capacity can be provided with a superstructure approximately 100 modules large. 10 km² have the capacity of an industrial desalination plant, which is 0,5 million cubic meters of water per day.
The desalination utility of the first version of the IBTS published required a max. of 1.8 kWh per m³ of fresh water. Since that time the condensator, or atmospheric water generation has evolved through a series of hygrothermal models and can now be operated at the given 0.45 kwh/m³.
The system comes at an investment cost typical for modern greenhouses, not for desalination plants and requires no further research and development. It is designed for large-scale desert-greening and is based on small, completely self-sufficient modules.
It is deemed "subtech" for its lack of any critical technology. That means it is low risk and low maintenance.
The IBTS works with natural processes hosted in a building. This way it never reaches natural, or physical limitations for growth like the desalination technology in the Persian Gulf already has because of brine discharge and temperature rise.
Primary energy.
Important for understanding the performance of the IBTS is the fact that it is operated with electrical and thermal energy produced from windpower and concentrated solar power, on-site (in a proprietary process). This means that the energy requirement and the use of primary energy can be considered the same, which is not the case for common desalination plants.
Common desalination plants are dependent on power-plants using fossil fuels. Accounting for energy-loss during the energy transformation in the power-plant, common desalination plants use 2–3 times more energy than stated in the usual performance data. These are common factors for energy-conversion losses for the combustion engines used in the desalination industry.
Taking this into account the IBTS uses less than 5% of the current efficiency world-record, according to the inventor. The record is about 3.5kWh/m³ plus ~ 1.0kWh/m³ for seawater pumping and other factors not accounted for – multiplied with the efficiency of primary energy use. Together 9–14 kWh/m³. See primary energy
The economic reality behind these numbers looks even worse for common desalination plants (in Life-cycle assessments) because energy-loss occurs during many stages Upstream (petroleum industry), like drilling, transportation or the manufacturing of required machines. Some of this does not have to be considered for solar-power, because it is free and infinite. Relevant for solar-power is only "power installation per investment unit" not the efficiency of primary energy use.
Copies.
Several academics have tried to copy the IBTS so far. One misleading copy is published in form of a patent. These copies do not offer the features or the efficiency of the original IBTS-Greenhouse developed by Germany engineering bureau TS Prototype Creation.
The project "powerscapes" is not to be mistaken for the IBTS, nor other projects that started using the technical term of an integrated biotectural system. As of April 2014 the inner workings of the IBTS are 100% undisclosed. According to the inventor none of the critical intellectual property has been given to any investor, or partner at any time. Neither have the financial- and business plans been disclosed.
Examples of other Biotecture.
The most famous example is the Biosphere 2 that integrated residential areas into a greenhouse which was designed to be self-sufficient.
An example for an IBTS that is foremost a residential home is an Earthship. These two buildings incorporate water-purification on high levels.
A practical concept is the "Greenhouse village". A concept worked out with well-made schemes, applicable for desert-greening.
General examples for IBTSs (without desalination) include buildings that blend in with nature in contrast to buildings that host (natural) Life support systems or certain amounts of biomass. These examples are plentiful. Principally any (small) building that blends in with nature without disturbing it on any level could be considered an IBTS. Earthhouses are great examples and can be found in many (historic) cultures.
"Green office-towers" or vertical farming can not be labeled IBTS for the lack of integration. Highrise building is systematically detached from a resource-true approach. The production of steel and concrete for the building does not allow for a positive Material input per service unit (MIPS), or short resource productivity.

</doc>
<doc id="30952438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952438" title="Ignasi Miquel">
Ignasi Miquel

Ignasi Miquel Pons (born 28 September 1992) is a Spanish footballer player who currently plays for English club Arsenal. Ignasi is a central defender, but can also be utilized at left back. He is a Spanish youth international and has played for the under-21 team, under-19 team and under-16 team.
Club career.
Born in Barcelona, Spain, Miquel spent five years at La Masia academy before being released. Miquel transferred to UE Cornellà but it wasn't long before Miquel was playing for the club's reserve team, leading to a call up to the Spanish under 16's. A series of outstanding performances for the Spanish Youth side caught the eye of some of the world's biggest clubs. Manchester United and Valencia CF both faxed trial offers, showing how his stock had risen in just a few months. Arsenal however made a straight cash offer without a trial and an agreement was struck.
Arsenal.
Ignasi joined the club just after his 16th birthday, making his debut in the Zinedine Zidane Tournament held in Cannes. Miquel made 12 appearances for the reserves in the 2009–10 season, becoming reserve team captain. He was selected as part of the first team squad for Cup games against Ipswich Town and Leeds United in January 2011 but did not feature in either game. On 20 February 2011, prior to Arsenal's FA Cup fifth round match against Leyton Orient, it was announced that he would be starting his first competitive match for the club. He played the full 90 minutes as Arsenal drew with Leyton Orient 1–1. On 2 March, Miquel played the full 90 minutes as Arsenal beat Leyton Orient 5–0 in the FA Cup replay at the Emirates.
2011–12 season.
Ignasi enjoyed a season to remember in the first team after being called into action in both the Premier League and Champions League. Miquel made his Premier League debut against Liverpool on 20 August 2011, coming on for the injured Laurent Koscielny in the 16th minute as Arsenal lost 2–0. Liverpool's first goal occurred when Miquel's clearance hit Aaron Ramsey's chest, resulting in an own goal. Miquel made his second appearance of the season and his debut in the Football League Cup in the 3–1 win against Shrewsbury Town. Miquel would go onto play every minute of Arsenal's 2011–12 League Cup campaign as they reached the Fifth Round before being knocked out by Manchester City. On 6 December 2011, Miquel made his UEFA Champions League debut for Arsenal in the 3–1 away defeat to Olympiacos, coming on for André Santos in the 51st minute. On 9 January 2012, Miquel made his first FA Cup appearance of the season, starting at left back as Arsenal beat Leeds United 1–0 in the Third Round. On 15 January 2012, Miquel made his first Premier League start in the 3–2 defeat to Swansea City, playing the full 90 minutes at left-back.
2012–13 season.
Miquel made his first start of the season and scored his first career goal in the 6–1 victory over Coventry City FC in the League Cup. Miquel headed home an Andrei Arshavin cross from close range. Miquel made his first Premier League appearance of the season in the 1–0 away victory over Sunderland AFC, replacing Theo Walcott as a substitute in the 88th minute.
Loan to Leicester City.
On 9 August 2013, Miquel joined Championship side Leicester City on loan until the end of the 2013–14 season. Ignasi made his debut for The Foxes on 27 August 2013 in the 5-2 away win over Carlisle United in the second-round of the League Cup.
Miquel scored his first goal for the club against Fulham on 30 October 2013, in the League Cup, helping his side progress into the quarter-finals (with a 4-3 win).
International career.
Miquel played for the Spain under-19 team that won the 2011 European Championship. He was ever-present, starting and playing the full 90 minutes in every game. Miquel made his debut for the Spanish U21 team on Tuesday 5 February 2013 in the 1–1 draw against Belgium, coming on as a 57th minutes substitute for Jordi Amat.
Honours.
Club
Leicester City
International
Spain

</doc>
<doc id="30952449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952449" title="Upper Snyder Lake">
Upper Snyder Lake

Upper Snyder Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Upper Snyder Lake is NNE of Snyder Lake.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (M-Z)

</doc>
<doc id="30952454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952454" title="Waco E series">
Waco E series

The Waco E series is a small family of American-built cabin biplanes built between 1939 and 1942, which differed primarily by engine installation.
Development and design.
The E series was the final development of the prewar Waco line of biplane designs. A full four-seater, it had the best performance of any of the Wacos. First flown in 1939, it had a much slimmer and more streamlined fuselage than earlier Waco C and S models and heavily staggered unequal-span parallel-chord wings with rounded tips. Wings were plywood-skinned, and also had wire cross-bracing between the wings in place of the solid struts used on previous models. 
Engines varied in power from , giving the E series a high cruising speed for the period of up to . Production ceased in 1942.
Note: the Waco GXE of 1929/30 was an unrelated biplane design with non-staggered wings
Operational history.
The E series was sold to wealthier private pilot owners who required the comfort of a fully enclosed cabin and a high cruising speed, combined with a longer range. Because of the type's good performance, 15 examples were impressed by the United States Army Air Forces during World War II for communications work as the C-72. Several of the USAAF examples were re-civilianised after the end of the war and five E series aircraft remained airworthy in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="30952485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952485" title="Hiro (TV channel)">
Hiro (TV channel)

Hiro was an Italian television channel, owned by television network Mediaset. Aimed to a children and teens viewership, was launched in 2008 as part of Mediaset Premium pay television network. The channel was devoted to broadcasting anime programming. The last announcer of the channel was Italian voice actor Claudio Moneta.
Since August 1, 2011 the channel is transmitted only on line by Premium Net TV, with the service on demand.

</doc>
<doc id="30952499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952499" title="1995 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 4 × 100 metres relay">
1995 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 4 × 100 metres relay

These are the results of the men's 4 × 100 metres relay event at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Results.
Heats.
Qualification: First 3 of each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Qualification: First 4 of each heat qualified directly (Q) for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30952502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952502" title="List of FIFA Confederations Cup finals">
List of FIFA Confederations Cup finals

The FIFA Confederations Cup is an international association football competition established in 1992 as the King Fahd Cup and changed to FIFA Confederations Cup in 1997. It is contested by the men's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. The Confederations Cup final matches are the last of the competition, and the results determine which country's team is declared champions. If after 90 minutes of regular play the score is a draw, an additional 30-minute period of play, called extra time, is added. If such a game is still tied after extra time it is decided by kicks from the penalty mark, commonly called a penalty shoot-out. The winning penalty shoot-out team are then declared champions.
In the nine tournaments held, 30 nations have appeared at least once. Of these, eleven have made it to the final match, and five have won. With four titles, Brazil is the most successful World Cup team and also the only nation to have participated in every FIFA Confederations Cup finals tournament. The other former champions are France, with two titles, and Argentina, Denmark and Mexico with one title each.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="30952510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952510" title="Snyder Lake">
Snyder Lake

Snyder Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Snyder Lake is SSW of Upper Snyder Lake.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (M-Z)

</doc>
<doc id="30952517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952517" title="List of Billboard number-one country albums of 1979">
List of Billboard number-one country albums of 1979

These are the U.S. number-one country albums of 1979, per the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="30952527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952527" title="Achnahannet, Loch Ness">
Achnahannet, Loch Ness

Achnahannet () is a small hamlet and farm estate located near the northwest shore of Loch Ness in Invernesshire, Highland, Scotland. It lies south of Drumnadrochit along the A82 road, just southwest of Lenie and Urquhart Castle.
Loch Ness monster.
Numerous sightings of the Loch Ness monster have allegedly been made from Achnahannet.In September 1983 a woman captured the monster in a photograph taken just south of Achnahannet on the river bank.The Loch Ness Phenomena Investigation Bureau have had their headquarters based in Achnahannet.Over the years this organization collected reports, footage, and photographs by people claiming to have seen the monster and sent them to the British Air Ministry in London for interpretation.On several occasions, such as in June 1974, at least 50 bureau members camped out alongside the river bank in Achnahannet with photographic and monitoring equipment to attempt to spot the creature.

</doc>
<doc id="30952540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952540" title="Mário Quina">
Mário Quina

Mário Gentil Quina (born 1930) is a Portuguese competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Star class at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, together with his brother José Manuel Quina.

</doc>
<doc id="30952547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952547" title="Paul Hunter (footballer)">
Paul Hunter (footballer)

Paul Hunter (born 30 August 1968 in Kirkcaldy) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for East Fife, Hull City, Cowdenbeath and Stenhousemuir.

</doc>
<doc id="30952549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952549" title="George Stone (politician)">
George Stone (politician)

George Stone (1907–2001) was a British socialist journalist.
Born in Fulham, Stone studied at the London School of Economics and joined the Independent Labour Party (ILP). During World War II, he worked for the Aeronautical Inspection Department, and he subsequently moved to Glasgow. In 1947, he became joint editor with Frank Ridley of the party's weekly newspaper, the "Socialist Leader" and, when Ridley resigned the following year, he continued as sole editor.
Stone stood for the ILP in Glasgow Bridgeton at the 1955 UK general election, taking only 7.4% of the vote in a seat the party had held until 1947. He stood again at the Glasgow Bridgeton by-election, 1961, his vote declining further to only 3.1%. By this point, he was also Chairman of the Scottish Divisional Council of the ILP. Soon afterwards, he began working as a sub-editor with the "Glasgow Herald", quickly becoming Father of the Chapel of the National Union of Journalists (NUJ). In 1966, he was appointed as the full-time NUJ official for Scotland and Northern England, serving until 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="30952552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952552" title="European Union Act 2011">
European Union Act 2011

The European Union Act 2011 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, requiring that a referendum be held on amendments of the Treaty on European Union or the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. Introduced in the House of Commons by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, William Hague on 11 November 2010, the Bill received its Second Reading by 330-195 on 7 December, and was passed by the Commons on 8 March 2011. The Bill was read a second time in the Lords on 22 March, after a hostile reception by Peers. The Act received Royal Assent on 19 July 2011.
Background.
The Bill was a reaction to the European Union (Amendment) Act 2008, which had in the UK instituted the Treaty of Lisbon with no participation by the Labour Prime Minister of the day, Gordon Brown and with no referendum, although one had been promised in 2005 in the Labour manifesto.
The Conservative - Liberal Democrat Coalition Agreement pledged: 
The Queen's speech reaffirmed that legislation would be introduced "to ensure that in future this Parliament and the British people have their say on any proposed transfer of powers to the European Union".
Provisions.
The Act requires a referendum to be held on any amendment of the Treaty on European Union or the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union made by treaty, and requires that any use of a passerelle provision must be approved by an Act of Parliament at least. 
The Act also enables ratification of a transitional protocol relating to the number of members of the European Parliament.
Section 18: The Sovereignty Clause.
On 6 October 2010, the Government announced that the Act would include a provision "to underline that what a sovereign Parliament can do, a sovereign Parliament can always undo". The clause, eventually enacted as section 18 of the Act provides that:
"Directly applicable or directly effective EU law (that is, the rights, powers, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, remedies and procedures referred to in section 2(1) of the European Communities Act 1972) falls to be recognised and available in law in the United Kingdom only by virtue of that Act or where it is required to be recognised and available in law by virtue of any other Act."

</doc>
<doc id="30952571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952571" title="West Milton, Ohio">
West Milton, Ohio

West Milton is a village in Miami County, Ohio, United States. The population was 4,630 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography.
West Milton is located at (39.956453, -84.329489).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total area of , of which, is land and is water.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 4,630 people, 1,973 households, and 1,298 families residing in the village. The population density was . There were 2,102 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the village was 97.4% White, 0.5% African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.8% of the population.
There were 1,973 households of which 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.2% were married couples living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.2% were non-families. 30.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.89.
The median age in the village was 39.3 years. 25.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.6% were from 25 to 44; 25.8% were from 45 to 64; and 16.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,645 people, 1,875 households, and 1,314 families residing in the village. The population density was 1,923.9 people per square mile (744.2/km²). There were 1,982 housing units at an average density of 820.9 per square mile (317.5/km²). The racial makeup of the village was 98.58% White, 0.28% African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.17% from other races, and 0.54% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.65% of the population.
There were 1,875 households out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were married couples living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.9% were non-families. 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.97.
In the village the population was spread out with 28.0% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 29.6% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 92.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.8 males.
The median income for a household in the village was $41,905, and the median income for a family was $45,847. Males had a median income of $33,774 versus $25,199 for females. The per capita income for the village was $19,402. About 4.7% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.4% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.

</doc>
<doc id="30952587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952587" title="Penikese Island Leper Hospital">
Penikese Island Leper Hospital

The Penikese Island Leper Hospital was a leprosy hospital located on Penikese Island, off the coast of Massachusetts, United States, from 1905 to 1921. It housed a small colony of people who suffered from leprosy over the years until it was closed in 1921 and patients were relocated to a federal hospital in Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="30952611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952611" title="José Manuel Quina">
José Manuel Quina

José Manuel Gentil Quina (born 1934) is a Portuguese competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Star class at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, together with his brother Mário Quina.

</doc>
<doc id="30952629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952629" title="Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes">
Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes

Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes is a pageant in Aguascalientes, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2000 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization has produced two Nuestra Belleza Internacional México titleholders in 2014 with Vianey Vázquez and 2010 with Gabriela Palacio who also was successor as Nuestra Belleza Mundo México after dethroned of Cynthia de la Vega, she being the first and only woman from her state to win two crowns of Nuestra Belleza México. Also the Organization has produced the first Nuestra Belleza México in 2011 with Karina González.
Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes is located at number 6 with three crowns of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México. Some have placed higher than the actual State winners.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="30952631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952631" title="Lucid Dreams 0096">
Lucid Dreams 0096

Lucid Dreams 0096 is a 1996 ambient album, on the label. It is credited to "0096", but this is merely the sequential catalogue number of the disc, labelled in em:t’s house style – the actual instrumentation on the album was provided by Miasma and Bad Data, two em:t artists.
Origins.
Writer, philosopher and psychologist Celia Green had already recorded one track for the em:t label – "In the Extreme", which was featured on 1995's "2295" compilation. A quote from Green also featured on the CD's sleevenotes. "In the Extreme" featured Green reading extracts and epithets from her books "The Human Evasion" and "Advice to Clever Children". Em:t judged the track to have enough merit to commission an entire album featuring Green, with an overarching theme, and thus "Lucid Dreams" was created.
Overview.
The bulk of the album is taken up by Celia Green reading extracts from her book "Lucid Dreams: The Paradox of Consciousness During Sleep", as well as some new material. Green describes the phenomenon of lucid dreaming and its many aspects; its relation to waking life and perception, its erotic possibilities, relation to nightmares, and so forth. Interspersed among these are instances of actual dreams, read out by voice artists.
The example dreams included are often from well-known or notable people, including Oliver Fox, Ernst Mach and Marie-Jean-Léon, Marquis d'Hervey de Saint Denys. Both Fox and d’Hervey de Saint Denys were very interested in dreams and dreaming, and both experienced fully lucid dreams. 
The instrumentation and vocal effects that create the album's unique atmosphere were the work of Chris Allen, Will Joss, Tom Smyth and David Thompson, and the album was constructed by recording Green's narrative and the "case studies" at the Institute for Psychophysical research in Oxford, with the ambient music, noise and soundscapes added later at Square Centre studios in Nottingham. The recordings all took place in 1995. One of the two male voices reciting the anecdotal case studies is that of Will Joss, the sound engineer of the album and a lynchpin of much of em:t's output.
In common with all other em:t releases, the album's cover is a library photograph of an animal, courtesy of the Designer's Republic – in this case, an extreme close-up of the eye of a parrotfish.
Reception.
Due to Green's standing as a psychologist and academic, the album was reviewed in New Scientist, and the New Statesman.
Influence.
Celia Green's work was the first to attempt a scientific study of lucid dreaming, and bring it to a wider audience. The album can be seen as a continuation of that work. As a result of Green and McCreery's original study, lucid dreams have become a legitimate field of research, and the apparent logic governing lucid dreaming has been absorbed into popular culture. The "rules" of lucid dreaming (how one can tell if one is dreaming, what one is able to do in a dream) laid down in movies like Inception, for instance, are very similar to Green’s methods detailed here. 
Like most other em:t releases, "Lucid Dreams" is no longer in print, and copies fetch exaggeratedly high prices on auction sites such as ebay.

</doc>
<doc id="30952638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952638" title="Abigail Mandana Holmes Christensen">
Abigail Mandana Holmes Christensen

Abigail Mandana Holmes Christensen (1852–1938) was an American collector of folklore.
Abigail ("Abbie") Christensen was born in Massachusetts to abolitionist parents, her family later moved to South Carolina. She investigated the African origin of the folklore recorded in the region, forwarding selections to newspapers and journals, she eventually published several works on African-American tales and dialect. Christensen was, for a short time, a member of the American Folklore Society and published in its journal. She sympathised with contemporary movements concerning temperance, protest on inequality, and other socialist causes, but gave special regard was given to the plight of the peoples from whom she gathered her material. Her major work was "Afro-American folk lore: told round cabin fires on the Sea Islands of South Carolina", Christensen intended that profits from this be used to advance African American equality and self-determination, she assisted in the funding of the Port Royal Agricultural School for this purpose. Christensen's paper on African-American spirituals and shouts was read to attendees at the World's Columbian Exposition.

</doc>
<doc id="30952651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952651" title="Padayani">
Padayani

Padayani, also called Padeni, (from the Malayalam word for military formations) is a traditional folk dance and a ritual art from the central portion of the Indian state of Kerala. A ceremonial dance involving masks, it is an ancient ritual performed in Bhagavati temples. The dance is performed in honor of Bhadrakaali. Meaning, a 'row of warriors', Padayani is an art form that blends music, dance, theatre, satire, facial masks, and paintings. It is part of worship of Bhadrakali and is staged in temples dedicated to the goddess from mid-December to mid-May.
Padayani is unique to central Travancore, comprising the Pathanamthitta district of Kerala. Padayani is regarded as a remnant of the Dravidian forms of worship that existed before the advent of Brahmanism.
Padayani is like Theyyam in north kerala. The percussion instruments used in Patayani are patayani thappu, chenda, para and kumbham.
Traditions of origin.
Padyani is a modern form of a ritual dance( Kolam thullal) performed by the magico-medicine men of kerala (particularly Tinta sect of Ganaka community ) . Earlier this elaborate and expensive event was carried out to heal the illnesses not amenable to medical modalities of intervention. In the form of psychic or spiritual healing, it was solely designed, controlled and performed by Tinta endogenous section of Ganaka, as a method of exorcism This folk art has become a devine ritual tradition in association with festival occasions of Bhagavathy (Bhadrakaali) temples of Kerala.
Since the origin of term padayani relates with military parade or rows of army, it is generally believed that it is evolved from a symbolic past reminiscent of fencing march of martial art (Kalari) by the Nair fighters and their Preceptors -Kalari Asans (Kaniyar Panicker) to frighten the enemy troop and to show their might. Eventually in Kollam, Pathanamthitta, Alappuzha and Kottayam districts of Kerala, the Nair folk became the performers of the modern form of Padayani art, but the design and making of costumes vested with Kaniyar people.
Design and performance.
Padayani is very popular in Kerala, India, as a means, used to worship goddess Kali. The story line comes as after killing daruka, an asura, goddess was in anger. The bhoothagana, servants of lord siva, danced in front of her to reduce her anger, else her anger would result in the destruction of the whole world. In memory of this incident, the participants wear masks (kolam) made of lathes of the areca tree using one to hundreds. The colours used to make kolam are purely natural. They are made of the green of the lath itself (kamukin pacha), kari (carbon), manjalpodi, sindooram etc.
A major attraction of padayani is the song associated with it. Traditionally only a single type of instrument is used to associate the song, thappu. The songs are in simple Malayalam and have been handed down from the ancestors over the years.
The art form starts with heating the musical instrument, thappu (Thappu Choodakkal). The instrument is faced towards the fire and the instrument tuned. After that, the art form starts. Various types of dances have different names such as madan, marutha, yakshi, pakshi, kalan kolam and bhairavi kolam.
Marutha is the little ones and they are like a drama. They are dancing to make fun along with the songs. The kolam is performed by men as well as children.
Kalan Kolam is the major attraction in padayani. This is about a child who is begging his life to lord siva while death comes in his 16th birthday. At that time kalan, the god of death, comes and he is trying to take the life of markandaya, the boy.
Bhairavi kolam is the dance to worship goddess. It is the biggest kolam and uses many laths of areca tree. The kolam is headed by more than one person due to its heavy weight.
After the kolam thullal is over, there will be ritual called pooppada which is the end of the padayani festival. After that, the days of colours will be over and the colourful memories will be in the minds.
The waiting for the next padayani starts then...with a prayer for the wellness of all world...
In 2007, plans were put forward to implement a proposal by poet Kadammanitta Ramakrishnan to create a Padayani Village to promote the dance form. As of 2009, the first such village is expected to be built in the poet's hometown of Kadammanitta at a cost of Rs. 1.9 crore. A chief exponent of Padayani is Prof. Kadammanitta Vasudevan Pillai. His association and acquaintance with Kadammanitta Ramakrishnan has led to many literary contributions. His Literary work "Padayaniyude Paalakolangal" and "Padayani" is an authoritative work on Kerala Folklore with special reference to Padayani.
Kadammanitta padayani.
"Kadammanitta Padayani" is being performed along with the 10 days long Pathamudaya Maholsavam at Kadammanitta Devi Temple during March - April ( from 1-10 of medam month in Malayalam Calendar) of every year. Medam 8th is popular for Grand padayani (Vellya Padeni)when all "kolams" under padayani will be performed by experts, and large number of people interested, from all over the country as well as a few foreigners who are regular visitors every year will come to see the magnificent performances, apart from many prominent cultural and social leaders.
Padayani is being performed as an offering to Goddess Kali (Devi) and often portrays the story of Goddess winning victory over Daarikan, an evil character. This ritual festival is famous in Kadammanitta village in Pathanamthitta district.

</doc>
<doc id="30952655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952655" title="Life of Pi (film)">
Life of Pi (film)

Life of Pi is a 2012 American 3D live-action computer-animated adventure drama film based on Yann Martel's 2001 novel of the same name. Directed by Ang Lee, the film's adapted screenplay was written by David Magee, and it stars Suraj Sharma, Irrfan Khan, Rafe Spall, Gérard Depardieu, Tabu, and Adil Hussain.
The storyline revolves around an Indian man named Piscine Molitor "Pi" Patel, living in Canada and telling a novelist about his life story and how at 16 he survives a shipwreck in which his family dies, and is stranded in the Pacific Ocean on a lifeboat with a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker.
The film had its worldwide premiere as the opening film of the 50th New York Film Festival at both the Walter Reade Theater and Alice Tully Hall in New York City on September 28, 2012.
"Life of Pi" emerged as a critical and commercial success, earning over $609 million worldwide. It was nominated for three Golden Globe Awards which included the Best Picture – Drama and the Best Director and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score. At the 85th Academy Awards it had eleven nominations, including Best Picture, and won four (the most for the evening) including Best Director for Ang Lee.
Plot.
A Canadian novelist named Yann Martel meets an Indian man, Pi Patel, with some knowledge from Pi's late father's friend, known to Pi as "Mamaji", for a good book. Pi tells Yann his life story.
In a flashback, Pi's father named him Piscine Molitor after a swimming pool in France. By the time he reached secondary school, he changed his name to "Pi" (the Greek letter, ) because he was tired of being called "Pissing Patel" (due to the pronunciation of his name). Pi's family owned a zoo, and Pi took great interest in the animals, especially a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker. When Pi tries feeding the tiger through the cage bars, his enraged father runs in and tells him that the tiger is dangerous and would kill him if it had the chance, and so his father forces Pi to witness the tiger killing a goat to prove his point. Pi is raised Hindu and vegetarian, but at 12 years old, he is introduced to Christianity and then Islam, and decides to follow all three religions as he "just wants to love God". His mother supports his desire to grow, but his father, a rationalist, tries to convert him to his own way of thinking.
When Pi is 16, his father decides to move the family to Canada, where he intends to settle and sell the zoo animals. Pi's family books passage on a Japanese freighter named "Tsimtsum". During a storm, the ship founders while Pi is on deck. He tries to find his family, but a member of the crew throws him into a lifeboat. As the ship falls into the sea, a freed zebra jumps onto the boat with him, breaking its leg as it lands. Pi watches helplessly as the ship sinks, killing his family. After the ship disappears, Pi sees what he believes is a survivor struggling in the ocean. He calls out to the 'survivor' who swims towards the lifeboat, however it turns out to be Richard Parker. Pi attempts to prevent the tiger from entering the boat with an oar, however it climbs in anyway. 
After the storm, Pi finds himself in the lifeboat with the injured zebra, and is joined by an orangutan who has survived the sinking on a floating crate of bananas. A spotted hyena emerges from a tarpaulin covering half of the lifeboat and snaps at Pi, forcing him to retreat to the end of the boat, while it kills and eats the zebra, and later fights the orangutan, eventually killing it too. Later, Richard Parker emerges from under the tarpaulin, killing the hyena and attempting to attack Pi, who distracts it by throwing a rat into its mouth. The tiger then retreats under the tarpaulin and does not emerge for several days.
Pi retrieves biscuits, water rations and a hand axe from the lifeboat and builds a small raft to stay at a safe distance from Richard Parker. He begins fishing and is able to feed Richard Parker. He also collects rain water for them to drink. When the tiger jumps into the ocean to try and hunt fish, Pi considers letting it drown but ultimately helps it climb back into the boat. One night, a humpback whale breaches and lands on the rope connecting the raft to the lifeboat, completely destroying the raft. Pi loses most of his supplies, forcing him to eat fish for the first time in his life. Pi trains Richard Parker to accept him in the boat and realizes that caring for the tiger is keeping him alive. 
Weeks later they reach a floating island of edible plants, supporting a mangrove jungle, fresh water pools, and a large population of meerkats. Pi and Richard Parker eat and drink freely and regain strength. At night, the island transforms into a hostile environment: Richard Parker retreats to the lifeboat and the meerkats sleep in the trees while the fresh water pools turn acidic and digest the dead fish in the pools. Pi discovers that the island itself is carnivorous after finding a human tooth embedded in a flower. The next day, Pi and Richard Parker leave the island. 
The lifeboat reaches the coast of Mexico. Pi is crushed emotionally that Richard Parker does not acknowledge him before disappearing into the jungle. Pi is rescued and brought to a hospital. Insurance agents for the freighter interview him, but do not believe his story and ask what "really" happened. Pi tells a different story in which he shares the lifeboat with his mother, a Buddhist sailor with a broken leg, and the cook. In this story, Pi says that the cook killed the sailor in order to eat him and use him as bait. In a later struggle, Pi's mother pushed her son to safety on a smaller raft before the cook stabbed her and threw her overboard. Pi then took the knife and killed the cook, and managed to survive on the cook's flesh until reaching Mexico. The insurance agents are not satisfied with this story either, but they leave without questioning Pi any further.
Next, Yann notes the parallels between the two stories: the orangutan was Pi's mother, the zebra was the sailor, the hyena was the cook, and Richard Parker was Pi. Pi asks which story the writer prefers, and Yann chooses "the one with the tiger" because it is "the better story", to which Pi responds, "Thank you. And so it goes with God". Glancing at a copy of the insurance report, Yann sees that the agents wrote that Pi survived 227 days at sea with an adult Bengal tiger, meaning they had also chosen to record the more fantastic story.
Production.
Development.
"Life of Pi" is directed by Ang Lee and based on a screenplay by David Magee. The screenplay is adapted from the 2001 novel of the same name written by Yann Martel. Before Lee, the project had numerous directors and writers attached, and the "Los Angeles Times" credited Fox 2000 Pictures executive Elizabeth Gabler with keeping the project active. Gabler in February 2003 had acquired the project to adapt "Life of Pi" into a film. She hired the screenwriter Dean Georgaris to write an adapted screenplay. In the following October, Fox 2000 announced a partnership with M. Night Shyamalan to direct the film. Shyamalan was attracted to the novel particularly because its main character also comes from Pondicherry in India. The partners anticipated for Shyamalan to direct the film adaptation after completing "The Village". Shyamalan also replaced Georgaris as the screenwriter, writing a new screenplay for the film. Ultimately, Shyamalan chose to film "Lady in the Water" after "The Village", and Fox 2000 Pictures decided to find another director. In March 2005, they entered talks with Alfonso Cuarón to become the director. Shyamalan said in 2006, "I was hesitant direct because the book has kind of a twist ending. And I was concerned that as soon as you put my name on it, everybody would have a different experience."
Cuarón decided to direct "Children of Men" instead, and in October 2005, Fox 2000 Pictures hired Jean-Pierre Jeunet to direct the film. Jeunet began writing the adapted screenplay with Guillaume Laurant, and filming was scheduled to begin in mid-2006, partially in India. Jeunet eventually left the project, and in February 2009, Fox 2000 Pictures hired Ang Lee to direct the film. In May 2010, Lee and the producer Gil Netter proposed a reported budget of $120 million, at which the studio balked, placing the project's development on hold for a short time. David Magee was hired to write the screenplay, as Lee began to spend several months looking for someone to cast as Pi.
Lee stated that water was a major inspiration behind making the film in 3-D: "I thought this was a pretty impossible movie to make technically. It's so expensive for what it is. You sort of have to disguise a philosophical book as an adventure story. I thought of 3-D half a year before 'Avatar' was on the screen. I thought water, with its transparency and reflection, the way it comes out to you in 3-D, would create a new theatrical experience and maybe the audience or the studio would open up their minds a little bit to accept something different." Following the premiere of the film, Lee stated that his desire to take risks and chances helped with his direction, saying "In a strange way it did feel like we're the vessels, we have to surrender to movie god. We have to let things happen. I just had this feeling, I'll follow this kid to wherever this movie takes me. I saw the movie start to unravel in front of me."
Pre-production.
After 3,000 young men auditioned for the film's lead, in October 2010 Lee chose to cast Suraj Sharma, a 17-year-old student and an acting newcomer. Upon receiving the role, Sharma underwent extensive training in ocean survival, as well as in yoga and meditation practices to prepare for the part. Two months after Sharma was cast, it was announced that Gérard Depardieu would play the role of the Cook, Irrfan Khan would play the adult Pi. It was also announced that Adil Hussain would play Pi's father, while Tabu was in talks to play the role of Pi’s mother.
In April 2011, it was announced that Tobey Maguire would be joining the film in the role originally referred to as "a reporter." However, in September 2012, it was announced that Lee had cut Tobey Maguire from the film. Lee justified the cut by stating that he did it "to be consistent with the other casting choices made for the film, I decided to go with an entirely international cast." Like Shahrukh Khan, Lee described Maguire's presence also as "too jarringly recognizable." He reshot the scenes with Rafe Spall in the role later referred to as the Writer.
Production.
Principal photography for the film began on January 18, 2011 in Puducherry at the Holy Rosary Church in Muthialpet. Filming continued in Puducherry until January 31 and moved to other parts of India, including the popular hill station of Munnar in Kerala, as well as Taiwan. The crew filmed in Taiwan for five and a half months in Taipei Zoo, an airport in Taichung, and Kenting National Park, located in Pingtung County where Lee was born. The ocean scenes of the film were shot at a giant wave tank built by the crew in an abandoned airport. The tank is known as the world’s largest self-generating wave tank, with a capacity of 1.7 million gallons. With production scheduled to last two and a half months at the tank, cinematographer Claudio Miranda assisted in the tank's design in order to get the most out of it for lighting, explaining, "We knew we were going to be inside there shooting for 2.5 months, so it was worth it to be able to do anything we want. On all these kind of scenes, we had an idea of what the weather would be like. In that tank, I can create storm clouds, nightfall. We had curtains that I can block out doors to open and let in real sunlight,” Miranda says. “So lighting-wise, [the movie had a big ebb and flow." After photography was completed in Taiwan, production moved back to India and concluded in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Post-production.
The lead visual effects company for "Life of Pi" was Rhythm & Hues Studios (R&H). 3D effects for the film were created by a team of R&H artists in Los Angeles, Mumbai and Hyderabad (India), Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia), Vancouver (Canada), and Kaohsiung (Taiwan).
The R&H VFX (Visual Effects) Supervisor Bill Westenhofer said that discussions of the project began with Ang Lee in August 2009. Westenhofer noted that Lee "knew we had done the lion in the first . He asked, 'Does a digital character look more or less real in 3D?' We looked at each other and thought that was a pretty good question." He also stated that during these meetings, Lee said, "‘I look forward to making art with you.’ This was really for me one of the most rewarding things I’ve worked on and the first chance to really combine art with VFX. Every shot was artistic exploration, to make the ocean a character and make it interesting we had to strive to make it as visually stunning as possible.” Rhythm & Hues spent a year on research and development, " building upon its already vast knowledge of CG animation" to develop the tiger. The British Film Institute's "Sight & Sound" magazine suggested that, ""Life of Pi" can be seen as the film Rhythm & Hues has been building up to all these years, by taking things they learned from each production from "Cats & Dogs" to "Yogi Bear", integrating their animals in different situations and environments, pushing them to do more, and understanding how all of this can succeed both visually and dramatically."
Artist Abdul Rahman in the Malaysian branch underscored the global nature of the effects process, saying that "the special thing about "Life of Pi" is that it was the first time we did something called remote rendering, where we engaged our cloud infrastructure in Taiwan called CAVE (Cloud Animation and Visual Effects)."
Additional visual effects studios that worked on the film include MPC, yU+co, Buf, Crazy Horse Effects, Look Effects, Christov Effects, Lola VFX, Reliance Mediaworks, and Stereo D.
Music.
The film's musical score was composed by Mychael Danna, who previously wrote the music to Lee's films "The Ice Storm" and "Ride with the Devil". A soundtrack album of the music was released by Sony Music on November 19, 2012. The album features the track "Pi's Lullaby", which was co-written by Danna and Bombay Jayashri, who performs the song in Tamil.
Distribution.
Marketing.
Due to the film's holiday release, "Life of Pi"s financial success had been under review. Dorothy Pomerantz of "Forbes" said, "It looks like chances are very slim that the film will earn back its production and marketing costs let alone turn a profit." Pomerantz attributed this to the fact that film was not led by a big name star and faced other winter blockbusters. John Horn and Ben Fritz of "The Los Angeles Times" compared the film to Martin Scorsese's "Hugo", a large-budget 3D film that opened during the 2011 Thanksgiving week. They said that "Life of Pi" could have ended up like "Hugo" by "failing to connect with moviegoers" and become a "financial failure." Similar speculation had been made by other news sources.
Whether or not Hurricane Sandy would affect the film's publicity was also a question. Because the film includes a massive storm, it was speculated that the recent storm might result in lower box office revenue due to the unintentional overtones of Sandy's devastation. A Fox spokesperson made note that there were no plans to change the film’s marketing approach.
During the marketing campaign for "Life of Pi", the film was promoted as "the next "Avatar"" in trailers and TV spots. James Cameron, the director of "Avatar", later became the subject of two featurettes that focus on the film's 3D and computer-generated imagery. In addition, the original novel was re-released in a movie tie-in edition. This was later followed by the release of "The Making of Life of Pi: A Film, a Journey", a book by Jean-Christophe Castelli that details how "Life of Pi" was brought to the big screen.
Theatrical release.
"Life of Pi" had a wide release in the United States on November 21, 2012 in both traditional and 3D viewing formats. It was originally scheduled to be released on December 14, 2012, but when "" was announced for the same release date, "Life of Pi" was postponed a week. It was then shifted a month in advance.
Home media.
"Life of Pi" was released on DVD, Blu-ray, and Blu-ray 3D in North America, on March 12, 2013. The film's 2D Blu-ray release contains many special features, including a one-hour making-of special entitled "A Filmmaker's Epic Journey", two featurettes focusing on the film's visual effects, as well as two behind-the-scene looks at storyboarding and pre-production artwork. In addition, the film's 3D Blu-ray release contains five deleted scenes and a featurette entitled "VFX Progressions" that takes a look at what was shot and how it evolved to be what was rendered on screen.
Reception.
Box office.
, "Life of Pi" has grossed $124,772,844 in North America, and $484,029,542 in other countries, for a worldwide total of $609,006,177. During its opening on the extended Thanksgiving weekend, the film debuted in 2,902 theaters throughout the United States and Canada and grossed $30,573,101. The film did well internationally and is one of the few Hollywood films to earn more in China than in the United States. On the Chinese mainland, from November 22 to December 24, the film topped the box office for three weeks, and grossed over $91 million. , it had also topped the box office for three weeks in Australia, Chile, and four weeks in Mexico and Peru. The film became the biggest Hollywood hit of the year in India and is also estimated to be the third-highest grossing Hollywood release of all time in the country behind "Avatar" and "2012". "Life of Pi" has earned HK$45,058,653 (US$5.8 million) at the Hong Kong box office, making it the highest grossing Ang Lee film in Hong Kong.
Critical reception.
Life of Pi received widespread critical acclaim. It has an 87% approval rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes based on 225 reviews. It's consensus reads "A 3D adaptation of a supposedly "unfilmable" book, Ang Lee's Life of Pi achieves the near impossible—it's an astonishing technical achievement that's also emotionally rewarding." On Metacritic, the film has an average score of 79 out of 100, based on 44 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews."
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave "Life of Pi" 4 out of 4 stars, referring to it as "a miraculous achievement of storytelling and a landmark of visual mastery" as well as "one of the best films of the year." He particularly praised the film's use of 3D that he described as "deepen the film's sense of places and events." Comparatively, Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" highlighted the use of 3D in the film suggesting that "like "Hugo", from Martin Scorsese, "Life of Pi" puts 3D in the hands of a worldclass film artist. (Ang) Lee uses 3D with the delicacy and lyricism of a poet. You don't just watch this movie, you live it." Parmita Borah of "Eastern Fare" says, "There is this one scene in particular where the entire ocean is covered with jelly fish which makes you feel like 'this is what heaven must look like'."
The "Los Angeles Times" critic Betsy Sharkey referred to the film as a "masterpiece," stating that "There is always a poetic aesthetic that Lee brings to his best work – the brutal martial arts ballet of "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" or the homophobic hatred against the backcountry grandeur of "Brokeback Mountain," which would win him an Oscar for directing in 2006. In "Life of Pi," certainly given its technological achievements, the filmmaker has raised the bar. Not since James Cameron's breathtaking blue "Avatar" in 2009 has 3-D had such impact."
In an interview with the "Los Angeles Times", renowned director James Cameron highlighted the use of 3D in the film stating that
""Life of Pi" breaks the paradigm that 3-D has to be some big, action fantasy spectacle, superhero movie [...] The movie is visually amazing, inventive, and it works on you in ways you’re not really aware of. It takes you on a journey, and unless you’ve read the book – which I hadn’t – you have no idea where that journey is going. It does what good 3-D is supposed to do, which is, it allows you to forget you’re watching a 3-D movie."
According to French journalist Marjolaine Gout, the movie is "a philosophical tale where Noah’s Ark metamorphoses into 'The Raft of the Medusa'". She adds that it is "a visual masterpiece" in which "Ang Lee proves, once again, his talent as a universal storyteller". She also writes about the visual poetry of the movie reminding viewers of the works of classical painters and the symbolic of kolams. The film got 8 out of 10 stars, the readers gave 7 stars.
Yann Martel, the author of the novel on which the film is based, found the film to be a "delightful" adaptation, saying,
"I’m happy it works so well as a film. Even if the ending is not as ambiguous as the book’s, the possibility that there might be another version of Pi’s story comes at you unexpectedly and raises the same important questions about truth, perception and belief."
A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" was critical of the film's narrative frame, arguing that "the movie invites you to believe in all kinds of marvelous things, but it also may cause you to doubt what you see with your own eyes – or even to wonder if, in the end, you have seen anything at all." Scott further criticized the film for repressing the darker themes of the tale. Nick Schager of "The Village Voice" also panned the film stating "A stacked-deck theological inquiry filtered through a "Titanic"-by-way-of–"Slumdog Millionaire" narrative, Life of Pi manages occasional spiritual wonder through its 3-D visuals but otherwise sinks like a stone." Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" gave the film 2 out of 5 stars, and states "despite some lovely images and those eyepopping effects, it is a shallow and self-important shaggy-dog story – or shaggy-tiger story [...] It deserves every technical prize going."
Richard Corliss of "Time" selected the film as the third-best movie of 2012, as well as calling it the next "Avatar."
The film has been described as containing a "subtle, artistic warning" about the dangers of increased anthropogenic carbon dioxide emissions and ocean acidification, the acidic island Pi and Richard Parker encounter being compared to Castello Aragonese in the Tyrrhenian Sea near Naples and Richard Parker's final dismissive departure representing the "not too pleasant face of Gaia (see Gaia hypothesis)."
On his Twitter page, Actor Russell Crowe has praised the film, calling it "amazing" and a "beautiful film".
In an interview with "The Wall Street Journal", Anne Hathaway said the film is one of her "favorite films of all time".
M. Night Shyamalan, who was originally approached to adapt the novel into a movie, praised Ang Lee's "wonderful job" but acknowledged he would have done it differently: 
"Though Lee did a wonderful job, I think my film would have been different from his version. Different perspectives, I guess. When I was approached to do the film, I wanted more time. The production house wanted me to do it right away, but I’m sure they had their reasons. It took them six years to find another director."
Controversies.
Despite the Oscar for Best Visual Effects at the 2013 Academy Awards, Rhythm & Hues Studios (who provided most of the visual effects for the film) was forced to file for bankruptcy on February 11, 2013, citing unfair competition from subsidized and tax exempt foreign studios. This sparked a demonstration of nearly 500 VFX artists who protested outside the 2013 Academy Awards. Inside, during the Oscars, when R&H visual effects supervisor Bill Westenhofer brought up R&H during his acceptance speech for "Life of Pi," the microphone was cut off. This started an uproar among many visual effects industry professionals, changing profile pictures on social media such as Facebook and Twitter to show the green key colour, in order to raise awareness for what is happening to the effects industry. In addition, director Ang Lee was criticized by the protest leader for his failure to thank the effect industry, "Ang thanked the crew, the actors, his agent, his lawyer and the entire country of Taiwan right down to the team that built the wave-pool on the soundstage where Pi was shot. But failed to mention hundreds of artists who made not only the main character of the tiger, but replaced that pool, making it look like a real ocean for 80% of his movie." He was also criticized for earlier complaining about the costs of visual effects. In February 2014, Christina Lee Storm and Scott Leberecht released the documentary "Life After Pi" to YouTube. The documentary details the role Rhythm & Hues played in "Life of Pi" as well as the consequent bankruptcy. Bill Westenhofer also discusses his experience at the Oscars as he accepted a Visual Effects award for Rhythm & Hues' work on "Life of Pi".
A trust named after Carnatic musician Irayimman Thampi has accused Bombay Jayashri's Oscar-nominated song "Pi's Lullaby" of not being an original composition. The trust has alleged that the first eight lines of the song is a word-by-word translation of composer Thampi's renowned lullaby in Malayalam "Omanathinkal Kidavo". Jayashri has denied the allegation.
"The New York Times" reported in 2002 on the similarities between the book by Yann Martel on which the film is based and "Max and the Cats", by Brazilian writer Moacyr Scliar, published in 1981. The book tells the tale of "a Jewish youth who survives a shipwreck and ends up sharing a lifeboat with a panther."
Accolades.
"Life of Pi" was nominated for eleven Academy Awards and won four (more than any other film from 2012): Best Director (Ang Lee), Best Cinematography (Claudio Miranda), Best Visual Effects (Bill Westenhofer, Guillaume Rocheron, Erik-Jan de Boer and Donald R. Elliott) and Best Original Score (Mychael Danna). It was nominated for three Golden Globe Awards and won for Best Original Score. The film also won awards for cinematography, film editing, sound effects and original score at several other awards ceremonies. In addition to the academy award, Ang Lee won best director awards from the Kansas City, Las Vegas, and London Film Critics. The film was awarded the Best Picture award by the Las Vegas Film Critics Society and was named one of the top ten films of the year by the New York Film Critics and the Southeastern Film Critics.

</doc>
<doc id="30952663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952663" title="Crucifixion, seen from the Cross (James Tissot)">
Crucifixion, seen from the Cross (James Tissot)

The Crucifixion, seen from the Cross is a c. 1890 watercolor painting with an unusual depiction of the Crucifixion of Jesus, by the French painter James Tissot. The approach used in the work is unusual in that it shows the Crucifixion from the perspective of Jesus.
It is part of the series "The Life of Jesus Christ", a series of 350 watercolors completed by Tissot after extensive travels in the Middle East to study details of contemporary life there, which he used in the paintings. Prints were also published of the compositions. The whole watercolor series, completed between 1886-1894, was acquired by the Brooklyn Museum in New York in 1900. 

</doc>
<doc id="30952703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952703" title="Gem Lake (Flathead County, Montana)">
Gem Lake (Flathead County, Montana)

Gem Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Gem Lake is often ice clogged and is WSW of Sperry Glacier and adjacent to Comeau Pass.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30952705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952705" title="Dollhouse (season 1)">
Dollhouse (season 1)

The first season of the television series "Dollhouse", premiered on February 13, 2009, on Fox and concluded its 12-episode season on May 8, 2009. The season aired on Fridays at 9:00 pm ET. Together with "Fringe", "Dollhouse" was a part of Fox's "Remote-Free TV" initiative to keep people from switching channels during commercial breaks. Therefore, every episode of this season was 47–50 minutes long compared to a usual 40–43 minute length for regular network television.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Production.
The episode "Echo" was originally intended to be the on-air series pilot, but after test audiences found it "too confusing and dark", Joss Whedon decided to shoot a new pilot, "Ghost", to better introduce the story and characters to the viewing audience. It was originally reported that "Echo" was going to be aired second, after "Ghost", but when it proved impossible to salvage (even after reshoots), Whedon decided to shelve the episode completely and instead re-used footage from it for inclusion in later episodes. The episode has a different opening with Echo in multiple assignments from overseeing a criminal deal to helping a girl go into rehab. One major change is the revelation of Victor being an Active took place in the pilot rather than put off as in the original episode run, as well as Ballard's first encounter with Echo. Two actresses in this episode are featured later in the series as different characters—Ashley Johnson as Wendy/Caroline in "Omega" and Stacey Scowley as Cindy Perrin in season 2. It was included on the DVD and Blu-ray season sets released on July 28, 2009.
This mix up during production created a problem for 20th Century Fox who required a thirteen episode order for overseas markets and home release. Whedon approached Fox with an idea to produce a thirteenth episode for half the price of a standard episode and that he would shoot it with a "run and gun crew" during production of the 12th episode and official finale "Omega". Such constraints made it necessary to hire the crew from "24" (another Fox series) as well as its director of photography, Rodney Charters. The episode features the series' cast minimally and instead focuses on a group of unknown "actuals" who are trying to escape the apocalypse. This episode became "Epitaph One" which was set ten years in the future where the imprinting technology had fallen out of Rossum's control and destroyed civilization. Anticipation for the episode was high but Fox decided not to air the episode against Whedon's request and it was therefore never shown in the US. The episode was instead screened at San Diego Comic-Con International on July 24, 2009.
Crew.
Series creator Joss Whedon served as executive producer alongside writing duo Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain who ran the series with Whedon and served as co-executive producers, they originally worked with him on the final two seasons of "Angel". Whedon wrote and directed two episodes—the unaired pilot and the series premiere—and wrote "Man on the Street" and provided the story for "Epitaph One". Tim Minear, who had worked on both "Angel" and "Firefly" in prominent roles, came on as consulting producer from the beginning and wrote two episodes ("True Believer" and "Omega") and subsequently directed "Omega." The writing staff also included consulting producer Steven S. DeKnight who wrote and directed "The Target" before leaving the show to produce "". Jane Espenson (another Whedon veteran) replaced DeKnight as consulting producer and co-wrote "Haunted" and wrote "Briar Rose". The writers room was rounded out with staff writers; Andrew Chambliss, who wrote "Spy in the House of Love"; Tracey Bellomo, who wrote "Needs"; and husband-wife team Maurissa Tancharoen and Jed Whedon who wrote "Stage Fright", "Haunted" (with Jane Espenson) and "Epitaph One" from a story by Whedon. Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain wrote the remaining episodes; "Gray Hour" and "Echoes". 
Veteran "Buffy" director David Solomon (also co-executive producer) directed the highest amount of episodes in the first season, directing three out of the thirteen including "Epitaph One". Joss Whedon directed two, one of which didn't air but footage was used and placed in a variety of episodes. Other directors included Allan Kroeker, Rod Hardy, Elodie Keene, David Straiton, James Contner, Felix Alcalá and Dwight Little.
As well as starring in the show, Eliza Dushku acted as producer throughout the series' run while Kelly A. Manners (who also worked on "Angel") acted as line producer for the show.
Home video releases.
"Dollhouse": Season One was released on DVD and Blu-ray in region 1 on July 28, 2009. In region 2, it was released on DVD on September 7, 2009 and on Blu-ray on October 11, 2010 along with the release of season 2. It includes all 13 episodes, including the unaired episode "Epitaph One" and the original unaired pilot "Echo". Special features include three commentary tracks—"Ghost" by Joss Whedon and Eliza Dushku; "Man on the Street" by Joss Whedon; and "Epitaph One" by Maurissa Tancharoen and Jed Whedon. Featurettes include, "Making "Dollhouse"", a behind-the-scenes look at the production; "Coming Back Home", which details the various cast and crew who worked with Joss Whedon previously; "Finding Echo", an interview with actress Eliza Dushku; "Designing the Perfect Dollhouse", a tour of the Dollhouse set with Joss Whedon; and "A Private Engagement", where cast and crew talk about the technology invented for the show. Also included are deleted scenes from various episodes.
The season one DVD sold over 62,000 copies in the first week, and made over 1.8 million dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="30952709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952709" title="Belgian aircraft registration and serials">
Belgian aircraft registration and serials

Belgian owned and operated aircraft are identified by either registration letters or serial numbers for military aircraft.
Civil aircraft.
An aircraft registration is a unique alphanumeric string that identifies a civil aircraft, in similar fashion to a licence plate on an automobile. In accordance with the Convention on International Civil Aviation all aircraft must be registered with a national aviation authority and they must carry proof of this registration in the form of a legal document called a Certificate of Registration at all times when in operation.
1913 allocation.
The first use of aircraft registrations was based on the radio callsigns allocated at the London International Radiotelegraphic Conference in 1913. The format was a single letter prefix followed by four other letters (like A-BCDE). The major nations operating aircraft were allocated a single letter prefix but minor countries had to share a single letter prefix but were allocated exclusive use of the first letter of the suffix. Belgium was not considered a major operator of aircraft and was allocated the prefix and first letter suffix O-B. When the conference allocated the same prefix it made sure that they were in different parts of the world, the other user of the O prefix was Peru and they were allocated O-P. The first allocation was O-BEBE to a Fokker D.VII on 1 March 1920.
1928 allocation.
Following the allocation of radio callsigns to Belgium of ON, OO, OP, OQ, OR, OS and OT at the 1927 International Radio-Telegraph Conference. The callsign allocation did not align with those allocated for aircraft registrations and in 1928 the International Convention of Air Navigation re-allocated the aircraft registration prefix to align with the callsigns. Belgian could use all or any letter groups that had been allocated as radio callsigns and in 1929 the prefix OO was selected. The first allocation was OO-AJT to a Stampe et Vertongen RSV 26 in March 1929 and the format was still in use in 2011.
Use.
Some of the blocks of registrations have had a reserved usage and these include:
Belgian Congo.
The Belgian Government issued registration for civil aircraft used in the Belgian Congo and from April 1934 used OO-CAA to OO-CZZ. The allocation 
ceased in 1960 with independence and the allocation of the prefix 90.
Military aircraft.
Belgian Air Force.
When the Belgian Air Force was re-formed in 1946 individual aircraft were allocated serial numbers in either a one or two letter prefix followed by a one or two digit number. The first allocations were mainly single letters (for example A-1 was an Auster AOP.6) but sometimes a second letter was used to distinguish variants, for example NA-1 was an Avro Anson I and NB-1 was an Anson II. 
In the 1950s the first letter started to be used as a role prefix, for example FX-01 was a Lockheed F-104G Starfighter 
classified as a Fighter.
An Aero Commander 560F was operated for royal flights between 1961 and 1973 without a serial number but display its radio callsign OT-CWB instead. Similarly, there have been Douglas C-47B transports "registered" OT-CWA, OT-CWG and OT-CNR, and a Sikorsky S-58 helicopter "registered" OT-ZKP.
Belgian Army.
In 1954 the Belgian Army formed its own aviation element and serial numbers were allocated in the form OL-A01, the OL for Observation Leger (light observation), the letter for the type and the number for each individual aircraft. In 1974 the OL prefix was dropped.
Belgian Navy.
The Belgian Navy have operated a number of shipborne helicopters which were allocated serials with single letter prefix although the radio callsigns were also painted on the aircraft in a similar format to registrations.
Police.
The Belgian Gendarmerie and later the Federal Police have operated both fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters which carry serial numbers prefixed G with individual aircraft identified by increasing numbers. The first was an Aerospatiale Puma G01

</doc>
<doc id="30952712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952712" title="Kris Porter">
Kris Porter

Kris Porter (born September 13, 1978) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played most of his career in the ECHL and WCHL.
Early life and education.
Stringer was born in Oxbow, Saskatchewan and later moved to Wynyard, Saskatchewan. He played for a midget level team in his small town throughout high school. Porter played defense until age 15, when he moved to forward. There he was a prolific goal scorer. After high school Porter played junior hockey for the Weyburn Red Wings. In his last year of junior hockey he led the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League in scoring. 
Though he received offers from Ivy League programs Porter attended Merrimack College and played there from 1995 to 1999. Though he initially lacked skating skill compared to his teammates in his first season, by his sophomore year Porter had greatly improved and shared the team's Most Improved Player award with Rejean Stringer. He led the team in goals scored in the 1996–97 season and led the team in overall scoring the next two years. In the 1997–98 season he scored the second most goals in the nation. In one game that season he scored 4 goals in a 9-1 victory over Air Force. While at Merrimack he spent four consecutive seasons on the Hockey East All-Academic team.
Professional career.
After leaving Merrimack, Stringer played three games for the Worcester IceCats of the AHL in the 1998–99 season. In the 1999–2000 he split his time between the Kentucky Thoroughblades of the AHL and the New Orleans Brass and Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL. The next year, he moved to the Fresno Falcons of the now-defunct WCHL. Porter played a key role in Fresno's 2003 playoff run. He played for Fresno for six seasons before retiring from professional hockey.

</doc>
<doc id="30952721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952721" title="Ficus yoponensis">
Ficus yoponensis

Ficus yoponensis is a species of fig tree found in Central and South America. It can grow to heights of tall, having a trunk diameter of . The trunk is buttressed, light grey in colour and reasonably smooth. Its petioles are long, the stipules are straight and long. The leaves and stems are hairless. The leaves are long and wide, but larger in juveniles, being up to long and wide. The time at which they flower varies between individuals, but each tree tends to flower at a similar time each year. As in all figs, the flowers are enclosed inside the fig and can only be accessed by fig wasps, which enter to pollinate the flowers and lay their own eggs. The resulting fruit grows to in diameter and turns from green to purple with maturity. On average in Panama, "F. yoponensis" produce a new flush of leaves every 20 weeks and flower every 25 weeks. The species is similar in appearance to "Ficus insipida" but has smaller leaves, stipules and fruits and only occurs in primary forest whereas "F. insipida" is also found in secondary forest.
Distribution.
"Ficus yoponensis" is found in Central and South America from Chiapas in Mexico in the north to Colombia and Venezuela in the south. It grows from sea level to above sea level but is usually found between . Along with "F. insipida" it is one of the two most abundant species of fig tree found on Barro Colorado Island, Panama (BCI).
Ecology.
"Ficus yoponensis" is pollinated by the fig wasp "Tetrapus ecuadoranus": 58% of figs are fertilised by only one female.
The fruits and leaves of "F. yoponensis" are eaten by several species. The fruits are eaten by bats, which then disperse their seeds. The stipules and fruits are collected by the leaf cutter ant, "Atta colombica". The leaves and fruits are the preferred fruit of howler monkeys ("Alouatta palliata"), with one troop on Barro Colorado Island spending one quarter of its time feeding on "F. yoponensis" or "F. insipida". Spider monkeys ("Ateles geoffroyi") also feed on the leaves, which contain 11% protein and 4% sugars and remain similar in chemical composition throughout their lifespan, unlike most tree species. When fresh, the young leaves contain up to 585 mg of ascorbic acid (vitamin C) per and the fruits contain 268 mg per 100 g. Like humans "A. palliata" and "A. geoffroyi" require vitamin C in their diet, since they do not possess the gene for L-gulonolactone oxidase, the enzyme required to convert glucose to ascorbic acid. The fruits of "F. yoponensis" contain more vitamin C than any other fruit available to the monkeys on Barro Colorado Island.
Various invertebrates live in water-filled holes into which leaf litter falls; as it decomposes it provides food for the animals. The leaves of "F. yoponensis" soften quickly after falling into the holes and are then eaten by Scirtid beetle larvae, leaving only a skeleton behind. An experiment in the rainforest, where leaves of "F. yoponensis" were added to an artificial pool containing 650 ml of water found that sixteen species lived in them, with the mosquito "Culex mollis" being the most abundant. Yanoviak found that the average volume of the holes was and that they contained 67 individual animals.

</doc>
<doc id="30952723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952723" title="Music from the Motion Picture O'Horten">
Music from the Motion Picture O'Horten

With the tragicomedy O'Horten, Norwegian writer-director Bent Hamer (Factotum, Kitchen Stories) returns to his domestic landscapes, off-beat humanism and stylistic quirks of earlier works. The bittersweet episodic tale of an ultra-dedicated locomotive engineer uneasily transitioning into retirement provides warm and gently humorous entertainment. At the age of 67, loner (but not lonely) Odd Horton (Bard Owe) is forced to step down from his engine-driving job. An encounter with Trygve Sissener (Espen Skjonberg), an elderly gent with a cheerful "it's never too late" philosophy, inspires Horten to finally take off his uniform and open himself to things he never previously tried.
O'Horten was Norway's Academy Award entry for Best Foreign Language Film in 2009.
Reviewers praise John Kaada's music across the board. Variety calls it "outstanding." His score focuses on calm melodies played on exotic instruments, many of which he built himself. Kaada is himself an accomplished classical musician, touring with various chamber orchestras and performing at festivals.
Track listing.
Kaada quote from the cover sleeve : "The process of making the music for O’Horten was quite special. For every project I work on, I always try to get involved as early as possible. If I get music in there before the editing process begins, the entire music production becomes so much easier and the scenes seem to work better as well. Usually, directors are afraid to make decisions about music early on. When I deliver the first sketches, they tend to say: “Yeah, it sounds good, but make some more of this and that, so that we have more to choose from.” This is a natural reaction. After reading the script of O’Horten, I immediately started to work on the score. Bent Hamer’s reaction to the first samples was very surprising. When he heard the first track on the CD tentatively called main theme, he said: “YEP, we’ll go with that one!” Then he picked some other suggestions for different scenes. Bent is known for being a kick-ass good director and I wanted to make sure I had a strong album to bring to him. Yet, I never expected this kind of response. It was surprising and a bit shocking. They had not even started with principal photography. I had more than a year to work on these selected songs until the final deadline!"

</doc>
<doc id="30952725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952725" title="Lance Batchelor">
Lance Batchelor

Lance Batchelor (born 1964) was CEO of Domino's Pizza Group from December 2011 until February 2014, having joined the company's Board as a Non-Executive Director on 13 July 2010. In October 2013, he announced he was to become CEO of Saga 
In January 2011, he was appointed a Trustee of The National Gallery by David Cameron, the UK Prime Minister.
Prior to his current role Batchelor was a divisional CEO at Tesco, Marketing Director of Vodafone, a GM at Amazon.com, and a Marketing Director at Procter & Gamble. He is a graduate of Aberystwyth University and has an MBA from Harvard Business School. He is a former officer in the British Royal Navy.
In 2010 Batchelor was named one of the 50 most influential people in UK Mobile.
He lives in Hampshire, UK, with his wife and 4 sons and cites Horatio Nelson, 1st Viscount Nelson as his mentor.

</doc>
<doc id="30952726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952726" title="Applied Radiation and Isotopes">
Applied Radiation and Isotopes

Applied Radiation and Isotopes is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.

</doc>
<doc id="30952736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952736" title="Hockey Weekend Across America">
Hockey Weekend Across America

Hockey Weekend Across America is an annual event devised by USA Hockey to promote the game of ice hockey in the United States. The fourth annual Weekend took place February 18–20, 2011, and was sponsored by Reebok. The weekend was capped by "Hockey Day in America", with national broadcasts of National Hockey League games on the NBC television network.
2011.
In 2011, each day of the three-day event had a particular theme. Friday was "Wear Your Favorite Hockey Jersey Day". Saturday, "Bring a Friend to the Rink Day", featured a number of "Try Hockey for Free" clinics throughout the country. Sunday was "Celebrate Local Hockey Heroes Day".
Four NHL games were broadcast on NBC on Sunday. The first three were regional games broadcast to specific regions of the country: Washington Capitals at Buffalo Sabres, Philadelphia Flyers at New York Rangers, and Detroit Red Wings at Minnesota Wild. The fourth game, Pittsburgh Penguins at Chicago Blackhawks, was broadcast nationally. 
Coincidentally, in neighboring Canada, there were also significant hockey celebrations that weekend, associated with the 2011 Heritage Classic held the same day as "Hockey Day in America". The two events were unrelated, but the NHL scheduled the Sunday games so that the regional doubleheader led into the Heritage Classic, forming a tripleheader.
The American Hockey League held the "Whale Bowl," the second annual installment of its outdoor game series, on the Saturday of the same weekend. The Providence Bruins defeated the host team Connecticut Whale 5-4 in a shootout in front of 15,234 fans at Rentschler Field. Included in the same set of festivities were two other outdoor game, one involving college hockey teams and another an alumni game featuring former members of the Boston Bruins and Hartford Whalers, the namesakes of the two teams participating in the Whale Bowl.
Sunday's "Hockey Day in America" was headquartered at McCormick Tribune Plaza & Ice Rink within Millennium Park in Chicago, where the Stanley Cup was on display.
2012.
Hockey Weekend Across America followed a similar format for 2012. Hockey Day in America, held February 19, featured the Sabres hosting the Penguins, the Red Wings hosting the San Jose Sharks, and the Blackhawks hosting the St. Louis Blues in the regional action; the Wild hosted the Bruins in the nationally televised afternoon game, while the New Jersey Devils traveled to face the Montreal Canadiens in the nightcap on NBC Sports Network. Coverage was headquartered at Landmark Plaza in St. Paul, Minnesota. The TV coverage earned the highest ratings for a non-Winter Classic regular season game since NBC took over the broadcast contract.
All 30 AHL teams played on February 19, but no outdoor games were scheduled at any level.
2013.
The 2013 Hockey Day in America featured three nationally televised games: Pittsburgh at Buffalo, the Los Angeles Kings at Chicago, and Washington at the NY Rangers. NBC headquartered its coverage from Wollman Rink in New York City.
2014.
The 2014 Hockey Weekend Across America is scheduled to be later than previous years due to the Winter Olympic hockey tournament in mid-February. Festivities will include the closing game in the NHL Stadium Series.

</doc>
<doc id="30952762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952762" title="Francisco de Andrade">
Francisco de Andrade

Francisco de Andrade (born July 15, 1923) is a Portuguese competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Star class at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, together with Joaquim Fiúza.

</doc>
<doc id="30952763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952763" title="Dolius">
Dolius

In Greek mythology, more precisely in the epic tradition recounted in Homer's "Odyssey", Dolius was a slave of Penelope whom she had received from her father Icarius on occasion of her marriage to Odysseus. He served as a gardener.
Dolius had at least seven sons, including Melanthius, and at least one daughter, Melantho. His wife was a female slave from Sicily, whose name is not given.
After Odysseus' identity had finally been revealed, Dolius heartily welcomed Odysseus in his home, expressing great joy to see his master alive and well. Later, he and his six sons were among the loyal servants who joined Odysseus to stand against the relatives of the slain suitors.

</doc>
<doc id="30952764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952764" title="Italian ship Mario Roselli">
Italian ship Mario Roselli

Mario Roselli was an Italian cargo ship, which was sunk on 11 October 1943 in Corfu Bay, killing some 1,302 Italian POW's.
Ship history.
The "Mario Roselli" was built by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico in 1940. Launched on 25 April 1941, the ship was delivered to the customer on 22 April 1942 and seized the next day in Trieste by the Italian Navy and incorporated it in its auxiliary war fleet.
His first mission was the supply of Italian troops stationed in Libya, sailing between Brindisi and Benghazi. On 12 June 1942, on passage to Benghazi, the ship was substantially damaged by Allied aircraft and towed to Taranto for repairs. On 19 December she returned to service on the route Naples - Palermo - Bizerte. 
On 9 September 1943, the day after the Armistice between Italy and Allied armed forces, "Mario Roselli" was confiscated by the Germans and used to transport Italian POW's to Venice and Trieste.
The disaster in Corfu Bay.
On 9 October 1943 the ship arrived in Corfu to take some 5,500 Italian prisoners on board. The prisoners were transferred from shore to ship using small boats. At 7:15 on 10 October, when the boarding was almost finished, an Allied aircraft appeared, which immediately attacked the ship and motorboats. One bomb hit a motorboat crammed with prisoners, and another fell directly through an open hatch into the hold of the ship crowded with Italians, and exploded causing a terrible carnage. The ship leaned towards starboard and took water. Surviving prisoners tried to escape by jumping into the sea, but many drowned. In total there were some 1,302 victims.
The German guards opened fire on prisoners still on land who tried to escape.
The "Mario Roselli" was abandoned in the harbor, but was attacked again the next day and sank.
Recovery and reconstruction.
In 1952 the wreck of the "Mario Roselli" was salvaged and towed to Monfalcone for reconstruction. It had a second career between 1952 and 1972, when it was sold to be scrapped in England.

</doc>
<doc id="30952765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952765" title="Peel Watershed">
Peel Watershed

The Peel Watershed drains 14% of the Yukon Territory Canada and flows into the Beaufort Sea via the Peel and then Mackenzie Rivers. While the lower part of the Peel River and its confluence with the Mackenzie River are in the North West Territories, most of the watershed, 68,000 km2 out of 77,000 km2 is in the Yukon. Six major tributaries and numerous smaller streams feed the Peel. The Yukon portion of the watershed is undergoing land use planning, a process laid out in Chapter 11 of the Yukon Land Claims Agreement and is called the Peel Watershed Planning Region (PWPR). This article is confined to the PWPR.
There are no communities within the Yukon's PWPR although it is within the Traditional Territories of, and extensively utilized by, four First Nations: The Na-cho Nyak Dun, the Tetlit Gwich'in, the Vuntut Gwitchin and the Tr’ondëk Hwëch’in. These people, along with the now gone Tukudh Gwich’in, have lived and travelled in the region for millennia; some of the earliest evidence of humanity in Canada is within Vuntut Gwitchin territory at Blue Fish Caves. For the Tetlit Gwich’in, the Peel is the centre of their world; the name Tetlit Gwich’in means “people who live at the head of the waters”. They and the Vuntut Gwitchin are caribou people; caribou provided food, clothing, tools and shelter. In early times vast caribou fences were made to intercept the migrating caribou and funnel them into corrals so they could be taken with spears, snares and bow and arrow. Once rifles were adopted, the caribou fences were reabsorbed by the land and now the only traces left are in Vuntut National Park. Fences were needed because caribou are consummate travelers; the Porcupine Caribou Herd travels from the Peel into Alaska, from the Beaufort Sea to the Yukon River. The Tr’ondëk Hwëch’in and the Na-cho Nyak Dun would also travel into the Peel for caribou. To this day, they still do, and trap for fur, harvest small game and gather plants. 
The Peel was named in 1826 by Sir John Franklin after Sir Robert Peel, who was British Home Secretary (later Prime Minister) at the time. It was first explored by Europeans in 1839 when John Bell of the Hudson's Bay Company ascended it as far as the Snake River. It was not fully surveyed until 1909 despite being the only route used by fur traders into the interior of the Yukon until the gold rush years of the 1890s. The Yukon part of the watershed contains six major tributaries to the Peel; from west to east: the Ogilvie, Blackstone, Hart, Wind, Bonnet Plume and Snake Rivers. The Bonnet Plume is a Canadian Heritage River.
Geography.
The PWPR is in the North East Yukon; its southernmost point is near Duo Lakes at about 64°N, the Eastern boundary is the border with the NWT about 131° W, its furthest west extent is in Tombstone Park at about 140°W and the north boundary is the Yukon/NWT border at 67° N. The closest communities are Mayo Yukon, directly south of the watershed, Dawson City Yukon, South West of the watershed and Fort McPherson and Tsiigehtchic Northwest Territories to the North. No body lives permanently within the region, and there is only one road; the gravel Dempster Highway skirts its western limits. Several big game outfitters have seasonal camps, the tributaries are world class wilderness rivers attracting canoeists and hikers from around the world, and the First Nations hunt,gather and trap throughout the region much as has been done for millennia.
Ecoregions.
The Peel Watershed is primarily within the Boreal Taiga ecozone, with the lower lying parts in the north within the Taiga Plains ecozone. The two ecozones of the PWPR are further divided into ecoregions: Peel River Plateau and Fort McPherson Plain in the Taiga Plains ecozone, and British/Richardson Mountains, North Ogilvie Mountains, Eagle Plains and Mackenzie Mountains in the Boreal Taiga ecozone. Of these ecoregions in Yukon, the British/Richardson Mountains are partially protected by Ivvavik National Park and Vuntut National Parks and by the Old Crow Flats Special Management Area(SMA), the Fort McPherson Plains do not contain any protected areas, the Peel Plateau has no protection at present, the North Ogilvie's are partially protected by Fishing Branch Territorial Park, Eagle Plains is not significantly protected, although a small portion is within Fishing Branch Park and the Mackenzie Mountains are partially protected by Tombstone Territorial Park.
Wildlife.
The Peel Watershed is home to relatively undisturbed populations of wildlife, including moose, Dall Sheep and Fannin Sheep, Barren Ground (the Porcupine herd) and Northern Mountain Woodland Caribou ( the Hart, Clear Creek and Bonnet Plume herds) and Yukon's only boreal caribou. Because of the relative abundance of these animals, their predators also thrive and there are healthy populations of Wolves, Wolverines, Grizzlies and Black bears. The range of the Ogilvie Mountain Collared Lemming extends into the watershed. This lemming is a Yukon endemic. Extensive wetlands support migratory waterfowl, particularly the Turner Lake wetlands, Chappie and Margaret lakes. Trappers harvest primarily marten and lynx.
Plant life and Beringia.
Much of this area has escaped glaciation for millions of years and comprises part of Beringia. Because of this, many of the plants are more characteristic of Asia than the Americas or are endemic to the region. This endemism is particularly marked near mountains that provided moist refugia during glaciations.
The case for protecting the Peel Watershed: climate change.
This part of the world is going to feel some of the most extreme effects of climate change; by 2100 it is projected that average temperatures could be 10-15 degrees warmer. 
Recent studies in climate adaptation suggest that the best hedge against climate disruption may lie within landscapes characterized by inherent resilience. Such areas have substantial adaptive capacity, and the ability to absorb the disturbances created by climate change, because of their immense scale, relative intactness, still-functional ecosystems, high degree of ecological representation and redundancy, high potential for creation of climate refugia, and a high degree of robust or restorable connectivity.
Another strategy is to protect features and areas that acted as refugia during past climatic changes such as glaciation. A refugium is a geographical region that has remained unaltered by a climatic change affecting surrounding regions and that therefore forms a haven for remnant fauna and flora. Such refugia are centers of genetic, and sometimes species, diversity. Such strategies as these focus on retaining characteristics of landscapes and regions in order to allow ecological systems to respond on their own to accelerated climate change and other evolving stresses.
The importance of the Peel River ecosystem is not limited to its role in harboring biodiversity and relics of the past. The Peel River stands at an ecological crossroads, connecting boreal forests, arctic tundra, and alpine habitats. Given the pace of current climate change, the Peel may once again become a crucial corridor for the shifting distributions of species.
Probably the best way that we can manage natural systems so as to ensure resilience to climate change is through protecting large habitat areas and links between different ecosystems. The Peel is exactly such a place – large, untrammeled, and providing linkage between different elevations, habitat types, latitudes, and biomes.
Conservation targets should also include ecosystems, like peat lands on the Peel Plateau that sequester lots of carbon. Maintaining such ecosystems could be globally significant in reducing emissions of carbon dioxide and methane from standing biomass and decomposing organic matter, thus reducing the feedback mechanism that enhances the greenhouse effect and accelerates global warming.
"Ecological Inertia": refers to the characteristic of landscapes to resist change, for example a white spruce dominated boreal forest could persist under climatic conditions that have warmed and dried to produce conditions that are more suitable for Aspen Parklands. Should some event take place to upset this inertia - in the case of a boreal forest this would most likely be a forest fire - the ecosystem that takes it place would be more like the Aspen Parkland. Essentially, new species cannot move in or displace existing species until space is created for them. Intact, undisturbed, ecosystems are the best way to promote this inertia and the species that exist there.
Peel Watershed and Y2Y.
The Yellowstone to Yukon Conservation Initiative (Y2Y) is a joint Canada-US not-for-profit organization that seeks to preserve and maintain the wildlife, native plants, wilderness and natural processes of the mountainous region from Yellowstone National Park to the Yukon Territory. It aims to do this by maintaining intact large scale landscapes that will focus on grizzly bears, birds and fish as indicator species of ecosystem health. The PWPR is the northern anchor of the Y2Y region, and if the entire watershed were to be protected, it would double the area within the Y2Y region that has been protected since Y2Y began in 1997. Even partial protection would be a significant conservation gain given future potential ecological upheaval through climate change and the fragmentation of habitat in the southern part of the Y2Y region.
Land use planning.
The Umbrella Final Agreement of the Yukon Indian Land Claims Agreement lays out how land use planning will proceed in Yukon. The Yukon is divided into regions roughly analogous to First Nation Traditional Territories. The affected First Nations have jurisdiction over their settlement lands within the Planning Region, while Yukon Government has the final say over how crown lands will be disposed. Land use planning is however, a collaborative process with many opportunities for public input. While Yukon First Nations relinquished aboriginal title to their traditional territories when they signed their final agreements, this was done in return for a constitutionally protected and meaningful role in land use planning in their traditional territories.
A Planning Commission consisting of members nominated by First Nations and Yukon Government was formed on October 15, 2004 to guide the process. The Commission's goal is to "ensure wilderness characteristics, wildlife and their habitats, cultural resources, and waters are maintained over time while managing resource use. These uses include, but are not limited to, traditional use, trapping, recreation, outfitting, wilderness tourism, subsistence harvesting, and the exploration and development of non-renewable resources. Achieving this goal requires managing development at a pace and scale that maintains ecological integrity. The long-term objective is to return all lands to their natural state".
In July 2011, the Peel Watershed Planning Commission produced a Final Recommended Peel Watershed Regional Land Use Plan that calls for 55% of the region be fully protected as Special Management Areas. 25% would be designated as wilderness areas, meaning that they would have interim protection; the status of the land would reviewed each time the plan itself is reviewed. In the remaining 19.4%, "non renewable resource-use opportunities … can be…encouraged subject to key land-use and environmental management considerations, including enhanced community consultation where specified".
In November 2012, the Yukon government presented a set of counter-proposals which would allow for a much higher level of industrial development in the area than envisioned by the Final Recommended Plan.
Mineral exploration.
To date, no significant extraction of mineral resources has taken place within the PWPR, with the exception of gravel pits for construction and maintenance of the Dempster Highway.
The Peel Plateau and Eagle Plains ecoregions contain what is considered to be the best candidates for Oil & Gas development within the region. There are 13 significant mineral occurrences in the PWPR, of which two are large and well defined deposits: the Crest iron ore deposit in the Snake River basin and the Bonnet Plume Coal deposit in the neighbouring valley. The Crest Deposit belongs to Chevron. Unless this deposit is developed, it is unlikely that any of the other deposits will be viable as they would need to piggy back on the infrastructure development required- roads, railways and pipelines. Despite the uncertainty around the tenure and viability of minerals deposits in the PWPR, a large proportion, (6,773) of the 8,431 claims active in the PWPR were staked since the start of the planning process. A one-year staking moratorium was instituted on February 4, 2010 and extended in February 2011 for an additional year or until the final plan is approved.
Economy.
While mineral exploration was valued at about $6 million a year from 2006 to 2008, there is no mining at present and no oil and gas exploration is underway. There is however a thriving guide/outfitter industry. There are six big game outfitters that operate all or partly in the PWPR who hunt mostly for sheep, moose, caribou and bears. This industry generates $2–3 million a year and can continue indefinitely as long as there are large areas of wilderness to support wildlife. The world class, challenging but navigable rivers of the Peel attract Canadian and international tourists and are supported by up to 20 wilderness guide/outfitters. This industry generates about $500,000/year in direct income and is even more dependent on undisturbed wilderness than big game hunting. Wilderness tourism has the potential for significant sustainable growth if managed appropriately.
The Dempster Highway is a significant source of visitors to the region and has the only road access and established campgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="30952766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952766" title="Tupolev A-3 Aerosledge">
Tupolev A-3 Aerosledge

The Tupolev A-3 Aerosledge is an all-metal amphibious aerosledge, designed to transport passengers and light freight in remote areas of the Soviet Union. Officially known as the A-3 ""Hope"" (""Nadezhda"" in Russian), it uses a single pusher propeller mounted behind the enclosed cabin to propel the craft over snow or water.
History.
Year-round transportation of mail, passengers, and light freight has always been a problem in remote areas of Siberia and Eastern Europe. Many communities are surrounded by deep snow, hummock ice, marshes that remain unfrozen, and natural waterways choked by weeds. The constantly changing conditions faced by these communities required the development of a vehicle capable of traveling over a widely varied surface at high speeds in order to deliver mail and supplies, as well to transport passengers, and provide emergency medical relief and evacuation to hospitals. To satisfy these requirements, the Tupolev Design Bureau developed an amphibious aerosledge with the appearance of a powered speedboat, and powered by a single radial engine mounted behind the cabin in a pusher position. Development of the A-3 began in 1961, with the first production A-3 being delivered in 1964. Production of the A-3 continued until the early 1980s. Though early production A-3's were manufactured near Moscow, the majority of A-3 production took place in the Ukraine, at the Tyachivski Transcarpathian helicopter plant. By the time production ceased in 1983 over 800 A-3 Aerosledges had been produced.
Design.
The A-3 Aerosledge has a hull built of riveted metal alloy construction using 2mm D-16T plates and profiles. The craft's ribs, stringers and plates are also of D-16 Duraluminium. Traverse bulkheads divide the craft into three watertight compartments. The craft will remain afloat with one flooded compartment. Double plating is employed for the hull bottom to strengthen it for crossing ice and snow. Low friction 3.5 mm polyethylene is attached to the bottom plates, which is removable for repair. Three stainless-steel runners are mounted to the hull base to provide the craft with the ability to maintain an even course, and prevent side-slipping on ice. The smooth lines of the hull's underside allow it to traverse bodies of water choked with weeds without difficulty. Even with a maximum payload the Aerosledge has a draft of no more than 2 inches. The cabin is fully enclosed with a seating capacity of five in passenger configuration. In standard mail-carrying configuration, the cabin has one swiveling seat for the driver/mail carrier, and a cargo capacity of 1,433 lbs over ice, and 661 lbs over water. Cabin access is by two gull-wing doors. There is an additional baggage storage compartment in front of the cabin, located beneath a hermetically sealed hatch. The craft is controlled by a single wheel connected to twin rudders located behind the propeller. If the wheel is pulled towards the driver both rudders fold outward, forming a brake. If turned and pulled toward the driver only one rudder folds outward, giving greater turning control over water overgrown with reeds or weeds. Three stainless-steel runners mounted along the bottom of the hull provide additional stability while traveling over ice or snow. When traversing snow, the slightly upturned bow of the A-3, together with the differences in pressure between the upper and lower surfaces of the hull, generate an aerodynamic lifting force. At speeds above 50 mph aerodynamic lift reduces the pressure exerted by the craft against the surface by one-third. As the depth of the furrow decreases, friction resistance is reduced accordingly. On water the large area of the lower hull, with its small keel, makes it an ideal shallow-draft watercraft.
Propulsion.
The A-3 was originally powered by a 100 hp M-11 five-cylinder aircooled radial engine. On later models this was replaced by a 260 hp AI-14R radial mounted on a shock-absorbing tubular frame. A removable cowling covers the oil tank and pipes for the lubrication system. The twin fuel tanks are concealed within the hull on either side of the cabin. Fuel caps are located in wells in the deck.
Operation.
Used primarily for mail delivery, and to transport essential supplies and medicine, the A-3 was common throughout Eastern Europe, and remote areas of Siberia. A-3's were in service from the mid-1960s until the 1980s.
The A-3 was also used in limited military service, with at least one being based with the Soviet 16th Air Army in East Germany as a rescue craft for downed pilots. Two A3's were also based with the 125 ADIB (fighter-bomber division) at Rechlin. The Hungarian Border Patrol operated four aerosledges at Lake Neusiedl (Lake Neusiedl).

</doc>
<doc id="30952773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952773" title="Platynochaetus">
Platynochaetus

Platynochaetus is a genus of hoverflies. A diagnostic feature of the genus is the peculiar shape of the male antennae.

</doc>
<doc id="30952799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952799" title="Tom Penn">
Tom Penn

Tom Penn is an NBA analyst on ESPN where he is regularly featured as a basketball operations expert on advanced analytics, salary cap issues, the NBA Draft, player trades and collective bargaining issues. Penn started working with ESPN during the 2010 NBA Draft, and during the free agency period of 2010, Penn operated ESPN's cap machine on "SportsCenter", where he manipulated a touchscreen to show potential destinations for LeBron James and other marquee free agents. Penn has also been on ESPN using the ESPN Trade Machine to break down NBA trades.
Penn is also the Co-Founder and President of Sports Leadership Institute, a company that organizes private leadership summits for global sports owners, pro sports executives, major college ADs, and professional athletes. Penn founded the company in 2011, and they organize the Global Sports Summit in Aspen, Global Sports Management Summit in Chicago and Collegiate Sports Summit in Santa Monica. 
NBA executive.
In 2012, Penn was widely reported as being very close to accepting a position as GM of the Philadelphia 76ers. Penn instead re-signed with ESPN. From 2007 to 2010, Penn spent four seasons with the Portland Trail Blazers as Vice President of Basketball Operations and Assistant General Manager. Penn is a top expert on the NBA salary cap and collective bargaining agreement. Penn worked with General Manager Kevin Pritchard as they restored the Blazers from the "Jail Blazers" era. The Blazers won 54 games in 2008–09 and again reached 50 wins in 2009-10 in spite of a number of injuries to key players. During the summer of 2009, Penn was offered the General Manager job with the Minnesota Timberwolves, but he turned down the job, deciding to stay with the Blazers after a promotion to Vice President of Basketball Operations. Ten months later, Penn was fired in what one writer called a "drive by" shooting that warned Kevin Prichard might be next. On July 24, 2010, the day of the NBA Draft, Kevin Pritchard was also fired by the Blazers.
Penn worked for seven seasons with the Memphis Grizzlies as Assistant General Manager and Legal Counsel from 2000–07. For five of those seasons in Memphis, Penn worked closely with Jerry West and Chuck Daly. The Grizzlies made the playoffs three straight seasons but never advanced passed the first round. In 1999, Penn worked as part of prospective NBA owner Michael Heisley's NBA acquisition team. Penn worked with Dick Versace and Heisley's team to help guide Heisley through the NBA acquisition process until Heisley ultimately purchased the Vancouver Grizzlies in May 2000. After one season in Vancouver, Heisley moved the team to Memphis.
Agent and Lawyer.
Penn was also a lawyer and a player agent. He worked mostly as a criminal defense attorney and tried 20+ cases including murder, armed robbery and other serious felony cases. He also was a basketball player agent and organized tours of Europe with free agent players. Upper Deck Company-- the trading card company—was his sponsor for the tours and the team was called the "Upper Deck All-Stars." Fox Sports Chicago filmed a documentary movie about one of the tours called "Over There."
St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
Penn has been a member of the Board of Governors of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital since 2002. He helped found Hoops for St. Jude-- an NBA Cares program that raises awareness and funds to fight childhood cancer. For the 2010-11 NBA Season, Hoops for St. Jude features the endorsement of NBA stars Dwyane Wade, Dwight Howard, Pau Gasol, Kevin Love, Rudy Gay, David Lee, Steve Blake, and Coach George Karl. Penn also serves on the Board of Directors of the Children's Cancer Association, a Portland based charity that provides services and programs to children and families who are traumatized by cancer and other diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="30952835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952835" title="Daniel Eliott">
Daniel Eliott

Sir Daniel Eliott (1798–1872), was a Scottish Indian civilian.
Eliott was the fourth son of Sir William Eliott, 6th Baronet of Stobs, Roxburghshire, was born on 3 March 1798. He was educated at the Edinburgh Academy, and, having received a nomination for the East India Company's civilservice, proeeeded to Madras in l817. He soon showed a decided aptitude for the study of Indian languages and Indian law. In 1822 he was appointed deputy Tamil translator, and in l823 Maráthá translator to the Madras government, and deputy secretary to the board of revenue. In 1827 he became secretary to the board of revenue, and in 1836 a member of the board. In December 1838 he was nominated, on account of his profound knowledge of the laws and customs of the
Madras presidency, to be the Madras member of the Indian law commission then sitting at Calcutta under the presidency of Macaulay to draw up the Indian codes.
On 15 February 1848 he was appointed a member of the council at Madras, and in 1850 became president of the revenue, marine, and college boards of that government, and he returned to England in 1853 on completing his five years in that office. He did not expect to return to India, but when the East India Company decided in 1854 to form a supreme legislative council for all India, Eliott was appointed to represent Madras upon it. He accepted and remained in Calcutta as member of the legislative council until 1859, when he left India finally. When the order of the Star of India was extended in 1866, and divided into three classes, Eliott was the first Madras civilian to receive the second class, and he became a K.C.S.I. in 1867. Eliott, who married in 1818 Georgina, daughter of General George Russell of the Bengal army, and left a family of four sons and six daughters, died at The Boltons, West Brompton, on 30 October 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="30952836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952836" title="Sean Vincent Gillis">
Sean Vincent Gillis

Sean Vincent Gillis (born 24 June 1963) is an American serial killer that stalked, kidnapped, raped, murdered, and mutilated eight Louisiana women between 1994 and 2003 in the Baton Rouge Metro and surrounding areas. He was arrested without incident at his residence on Burgin Road at 1:30 a.m. on April 29, 2004. In his initial arrest, he was charged with three counts of first degree murder and three counts of ritualistic acts in the murders of 29 year-old Katherine Hall, 45 year-old Johnnie Mae Williams and 43 year-old Donna Bennett Johnston. Gillis confessed to the murders with little coercion and then informed investigators about four other women that he had murdered.
Early life.
Little is known about Gillis' early life except that he was the son of Norman and Yvonne Gillis and was born June 24, 1963 in Baton Rouge and was raised in southern Louisiana. During his 2004 first-degree murder trial for the slaying of Donna Bennett Johnston, his mother, Yvonne, testified that her son was a good, happy kid who did well in school, had friends and was generally just a normal child. In the penalty phase of the trial, while testifying for the defense, his mother is quoted as saying:
His rap sheet began in 1980, when he was 17 years old, but only showed minor infractions and little to indicate the killer he would become. Throughout the years, he was arrested for traffic citations, DUI, possession of marijuana, and contempt of court. He would not commit his first murder until 1994. Years later, after he had been arrested and convicted for some of his murders, a friend of one of his victims wrote to him. She turned the letters over to the prosecution and some of Gillis' words made it into the news. He shows remorse and says, sometimes, he doesn't know why he committed the murders. More shocking to him, however, is the mutilation of the bodies. He says he is "pure evil" and "beyond sorry" for the murders.
Murders.
Gillis once claimed he began killing because of "stress". His first victim, which he confessed to after his arrest, was 81 year-old Ann Bryan in March 1994. He intended to rape her, but got frightened when she screamed as he touched her. To stop her screaming, Gillis slit her throat and then stabbed her 50 times. He left her body there at her residence, St. James Place; an exclusive retirement home in Metro Baton Rouge.
In May 1999, Gillis began stalking a woman he had seen jogging in the south Baton Rouge area. He spent three weeks driving around the area looking for her. Around 5:30 a.m. on May 30, 1999, a Sunday, he saw her jogging on Quail Run Drive. Two days later the body of 52 year-old Hardee Schmidt was found in a bayou off of Highway 61 in St. James Parish. Gillis later confessed that he hit Schmidt with his car, knocking her into a ditch. He got out and placed heavy-duty wire plastic wrap tightly around her neck and forced her into the car. He drove to a park off of Highland Road and raped her. After killing her, he put her nude corpse into the trunk of his car, a white Chevy Cavalier, and left it there until dumping it two days later.
Gillis would go on to kill for ten more years, the murders unconnected and his presence unknown to law enforcement.
Arrest and conviction.
More attention was brought to cold cases of murdered women when Derrick Todd Lee, the Baton Rouge Serial Killer, was apprehended on May 27, 2003. When certain cases could not be linked to Lee, investigators began to wonder if another serial killer had been in operation at the same time. Though Lee began his killing in 1992, between 1994 - when Gillis began his murders - and 2003 there were two serial killers silently and secretly targeting the women in, around, and just outside the Baton Rouge area.
Donna Bennett Johnston, 43 years old, was his eighth and final victim. In February 2004 she was raped and strangled with a nylon tie wrap. After death, Gillis mutilated her body - slashing her breasts, cutting off her left nipple, gouging out a tattoo on her right thigh, and severing her left arm at the elbow. Her body was found February 27, 2004 in a drainage canal near Ben Hur Road, which is south of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge.
In letters exchanged between Gillis and a decade-long friend of Johnston's, Tammie Purpera, Gillis explains her murder and even shows remorse:
Tammie Purpera, who died in 2005 of complications from AIDS, turned over all of the letters to the prosecutors and they were used at Gillis' trials.
After his arrest, police found 45 digital pictures, downloaded to his computer, of Johnston's mutilated body, as well of photos of her corpse in the trunk of his car. Many other photos were found of other victims, some of which were used at his various trials for first-degree murder.
In the end, Gillis brutally raped and murdered eight women. He kept body parts in his home as souvenirs and photos to stimulate him as he remembered the murders.
Also found in his home were newspaper clippings about Baton Rouge serial killer, Derrick Todd Lee's last victim, Carrie Lynn Yoder. He feared being "outdone" by Lee and had created a file on his computer named "DTL", Lee's initials, where he stored news and information about the serial killer.
Unlike Lee, however, many of Gillis' victims were prostitutes and were caught up in the world of drugs. Gillis, when talking to detectives, showed contempt for these victims, saying they were "disposable members of society" and that he "exterminated" them. In July 2004, three months after his arrest, during a jailhouse interview with former Advocate reporter, Josh Noel, he remarked that, "It was like they were already dead to me."
In April 2004, tire tracks found near the body of Donna Bennett Johnston were used to track Gillis down. The tracks were from a unique set of tires and the Louisiana State Crime Lab was able to determine the brand, model, and type of tire. They were then able to narrow it down further when they found that this particular tire was only manufactured for a three-year period, which ended in 2003. Only 90 purchases of the tire had been made in the Baton Rouge area. Soon, after obtaining a DNA swab of Gillis and matching it to evidence found on some of the victims' bodies, authorities arrested Gillis on April 29, 2004.
He was charged with various crimes at different times as investigators worked to find evidence to support his confession to the other murders.
Initially, he was arrested and charged for the murders of Katherine Hall, Johnnie Mae Williams, and Donna Bennett Johnston. He stood trial for these crimes on July 21, 2008 and was found guilty and sentenced to life in prison after the jury deadlocked in the penalty phase.
The previous year, he pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and was convicted in the killing of 36 year-old Joyce Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="30952855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952855" title="Common Law (2012 TV series)">
Common Law (2012 TV series)

Common Law is an American comedy-drama television series, which ran on USA Network from May 11 to August 10, 2012, and stars Michael Ealy and Warren Kole as two Los Angeles Police Department detectives who can't stand each other and are ordered to see a couples therapist to remedy the situation.
The series was created by Cormac and Marianne Wibberley and was produced by CBS Television Studios and Junction Entertainment. While originally planned to premiere on January 26, 2012, the series was pushed back until summer 2012. The series premiered following "Fairly Legal" on Friday, May 11, 2012. The show was canceled by the USA Network after one season and 12 episodes on October 31, 2012, due to low ratings.
Synopsis.
The series follows two Los Angeles Police Department homicide detectives, Travis Marks and Wes Mitchell, who can't stand each other. The constant bickering between the two partners prompts their commanding officer, Captain Mike Sutton, to send them to a couples therapist, Dr. Emma Ryan, in hopes of resolving the situation.
Development and production.
On June 9, 2010, USA Network placed a cast-contingent pilot order for "Common Law". Cormac Wibberley and Marianne Wibberley wrote the pilot, Jon Turteltaub was attached to the project as the director, with Turteltaub, Cormac Wibberley, Marianne Wibberley, Dan Shotz and Karim Zreik serving as executive producers.
Casting announcements began in August 2010, with Michael Ealy first to be cast. Ealy portrays Travis Marks, "a maverick ladies' man who served time in juvie." Next to join the series was Warren Kole as Wes Mitchell, Travis Marks' partner, "a methodical former lawyer with a passion for cars, gardening and his ex-wife." Amy Acker was next to be cast as Dr. Elyse Ryan, the couples therapist treating Marks and Mitchell. Jack McGee, was the last actor to join the main cast, playing Captain Mike Sutton, Marks and Mitchell's commanding officer in the LAPD. Alicia Coppola was later cast in a recurring role as "a pathologist who has a history with Travis Marks."
In June 2011, it was reported that USA Network was close to picking up "Common Law" to series. The proposed pick up was to come with a number of creative changes to the show, which included adding more action and re-casting the role of Dr. Elyse Ryan, which had been played by Acker in the pilot; the character's name was also changed to Emma.
On July 6, 2011, USA Network green-lighted the series with an order of 11 episodes to air in the summer of 2012. Filming of the series was expected to begin in August 2011. The series is produced by CBS Television Studios and Junction Entertainment. Along with the series pickup, the network also announced that Craig Sweeny had been picked to join the series as an executive producer. By November 29, 2011, the premiere had been moved to January 26, 2012. The series was once again pushed back to summer 2012, with the premiere date eventually settling on May 11, 2012.
On October 14, 2011, the show began filming in New Orleans, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="30952856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952856" title="Vladimir Gusev">
Vladimir Gusev

Vladimir Gusev may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30952863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952863" title="James Christie (auctioneer)">
James Christie (auctioneer)

James Christie (1730–1803) was the founder of auction house Christie's. 
Born in Perth in 1730, Christie went on to found Christie's auctioneers in 5 December 1766. Situated at Pall Mall in London, Christie's Great Rooms dealt with some of the most important sales of the late-eighteenth century.
Career.
His first sale took place on 5 December 1766, at rooms in Pall Mall, formerly occupied by the print warehouse of Richard Dalton. 
On these premises the exhibitions of the Royal Academy of Arts were held until 1779. Christie afterwards moved next door to Gainsborough, who lived in the western wing of Schomburg House.
He was of tall and dignified appearance, remarkable for eloquence and professional enthusiasm, and was intimate wit Garrick, Reynolds, and Gainsborough, and other men of note. 
He died at his house in Pall Mall on 8 November 1803, aged 73, and was buried at St. James’s burial-ground in the Hampstead Road.
Family.
He was twice married, and of the first marriage had four sons, of whom the eldest, James Christie (1773-1831), succeeded him; the second, Charles, captain in the 5th regiment of Bengal Native Infantry, was killed (1812) in Persia during a Russian attack; the third, Albany, died in 1821; and Edward, the fourth, died a midshipman at Port Royal, Jamaica, 1821. 
Samuel Hunter Christie was his son by the second marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="30952866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952866" title="Daniel Elliot">
Daniel Elliot

Daniel Elliot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30952889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952889" title="KNUST Senior High School">
KNUST Senior High School

The KNUST Senior High School is a co-educational institution in Kumasi, Ghana.
Brief history.
KNUST Senior High School was formerly known as the Technology Secondary School until 2004. It offers high school education and it is within the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in Kumasi, Ghana. It was established in February 1961 by the then-vice chancellor of the University Of Science and Technology Dr. R.P. Baffour. The School being housed in prefabricated asbestos buildings thus started as the “Baby” of the University in humble circumstances. From the onset, it was financed and staffed by the University. It was, however, hoped that the School would eventually move into permanent buildings on the University campus, and become a boarding institution. From its foundation up to June 1967, the School retained the University Secondary Technical School. The Technical course was abandoned because of lack of staff and facilities. It has since been known and called Technology Secondary School.The school was originally set up to give secondary school education of the children of staff of the University. The school later opened up admission to the general public. KNUST Senior High School is a Class A Institution according to the West African Examination Council and the Ghana Education Service. It is a coeducational school, with an enrollment of about 900 boys and 1010 girls. Approximately 600 students graduate each year.The school offers courses in General arts, Visual arts, General science, Business,Technical, and Home Science. Mrs. Joyce Ansah is the headmistress in the school, she took office in 2009. The school boasts of a staff of 66 teachers and 21 non-teaching staff.
The school's nickname, in the Akan language, is "Mmadwemma", meaning people who think twice before they act. Its motto is "Forward be our watchword.

</doc>
<doc id="30952894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952894" title="Book III">
Book III

Book III is a compilation album by Brotha Lynch Hung, the third and final in a series released throughout 2002 that began with . The tracks are compiled from Lynch's studio albums and other artists' albums he featured on.

</doc>
<doc id="30952898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952898" title="Pfeiffer v Deutsches Rotes Kreuz">
Pfeiffer v Deutsches Rotes Kreuz

Pfeiffer v Deutsches Rotes Kreuz, Kreisverband Waldshut eV (2005) C-397/01-403/01 is a European labour law and UK labour law case concerning the Working Time Directive, which is relevant for the Working Time Regulations 1998.
Facts.
Workers of the German Red Cross, including Mr Pfeiffer, who served as emergency workers, doing ambulance runs claimed that a collective agreement that set their hours at 49 hours per week violated the Working Time Directive. The Red Cross contended that as emergency workers they were like civil servants and thus fell outside the Directive's scope.
Judgment.
The European Court of Justice held that workers could not be asked to do 49 hours a week by a collective agreement. They had to opt out individually. As a starting matter it held that the exception for civil servants was not applicable, holding that ‘the civil protection service in the strict sense thus defined, at which the provision is aimed, can be clearly distinguished from the activities of emergency workers tending the injured and sick which are at issue in the main proceedings.’ The ‘worker's consent must be given not only individually but also expressly and freely’. So people had to opt out individually, not by collective agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="30952910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952910" title="2008 CAF Beach Soccer Championship">
2008 CAF Beach Soccer Championship

The 2008 CAF Beach Soccer Championship also known as the 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualifiers for (CAF) was the third beach soccer championship for Africa, held in March 2008, in Durban, South Africa.
Senegal won the championship, with Cameroon finishing second. The two teams moved on to play in the 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup in Marseille, France from July 17- July 28.

</doc>
<doc id="30952912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952912" title="Feirense Futebol Clube">
Feirense Futebol Clube

Feirense Futebol Clube, commonly known as Feirense, is a Brazilian football club based in Feira de Santana, Bahia state.
History.
The club was founded on January 12, 1997. Feirense won the Campeonato Baiano Second Level in 2007.
Stadium.
Feirense Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Municipal Alberto Oliveira, nicknamed "Estádio Joia da Princesa". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 16,274 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30952932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952932" title="Commission v United Kingdom">
Commission v United Kingdom

Commission v United Kingdom (2006) C-484/04 is a European labour law and UK labour law case concerning the Working Time Directive, which is relevant for the Working Time Regulations 1998.
Facts.
The UK Department of Trade and Industry (now the Department of Business, Innovation and Skills) stated in guideline to employers on the Working Time Regulations 1998 that ‘Employers must make sure that workers can take their rest, but are not required to make sure that they do take their rest.’ Also, Statutory Instrument 1999/3372 had amended regulation 20 to exempt workers whose work was but partly unmeasured, so working time and night work control applied only to unmeasured or predetermined time.
Judgment.
The European Court of Justice held that the UK government's guidance advocated a breach of the Directive, article 4. There is a duty to guarantee that the right to rest is in fact observed. It also declared the 1999 amendment to be contrary to art 17, though the UK government had already backtracked with SI 2006/99 regulation 2.

</doc>
<doc id="30952946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952946" title="Akaiyan Lake">
Akaiyan Lake

Akaiyan Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is often ice clogged and is WSW of Sperry Glacier.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30952949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952949" title="Dean Sturgis">
Dean Sturgis

Dean Donnell Sturgis (December 1, 1892 – June 29, 1950) was an American Major League Baseball catcher. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season. He was born in Beloit, Wisconsin and attended Bucknell University. He also played college baseball and football for the Bucknell Bison. In one college football game in 1913, he helped pull off a win against a then-undefeated Pittsburgh Panthers football team. He was invited to try out for the Philadelphia Athletics while still in college at Bucknell.

</doc>
<doc id="30952964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952964" title="R (BECTU) v Department of Trade and Industry">
R (BECTU) v Department of Trade and Industry

R (BECTU) v Department of Trade and Industry (2001) C-173/99 is a European labour law and UK labour law case concerning the Working Time Directive, which is relevant for the Working Time Regulations 1998.
Facts.
The original Working Time Regulations 1998 provided for a 13 week qualifying period at work before one could benefit from its protection. This restriction was challenged by the Broadcasting, Entertainment, Cinematograph and Theatre Union, because there was nothing about it in the Directive.
Judgment.
The European Court of Justice said the Directive's purpose from recitals 1, 4, 7 and 8 and Art 1(1) is ‘to improve the living and working conditions of workers’. Recital 4 refers to the Community Charter of Fundamental Social Rights of Workers 1989 point 8 and 19(1) that everyone should have satisfactory health and safety at work. It is clear that member states may be more favourable, but Art 7 does not say that member states can be less favourable or allow derogations. It observed that ‘National rules of that kind are also manifestly incompatible with the scheme of Directive 93/104... Furthermore, rules of the kind at issue… are liable to give rise to abuse because employers might be tempted to evade the obligation to grant the paid annual leave to which every worker is entitled by more frequent resort to short-term employment relationships.’ Accordingly introducing a qualifying period was not allowed.

</doc>
<doc id="30952971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952971" title="Henry Ferrers">
Henry Ferrers

Henry Ferrers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30952973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30952973" title="Abdul Qadir Patel">
Abdul Qadir Patel

Abdul Qadir Patel ( ; born 8 August 1968) is a Pakistani politician who represented the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in the National Assembly of Pakistan until June 2013. At the age of 25 he became the youngest parliamentarian in Pakistan's history. He currently chairs the Standing Committee on the Interior in the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Early life and education.
Patel was born in Memon Society Hospital in Lyari Town in a prominent Kutchi family in Karachi on 8 August 1968. He is the eldest child of the former district chairman of Keamari Town, Hussain Patel. He started working at the age of fifteen at a tire repair shop. He attended K.P.T secondary school in Keamari Town, Karachi, before gaining his higher education from Urdu college. In 1991 he obtained his B.A. degree from Federal Urdu University where he served as president of Sindh People's Youth, a student wing of Pakistan Peoples Party. He married a niece of senior parliamentarian Haji Wali Muhammad Jamot.
Political career.
Patel entered politics as a member of the 10th Provincial Assembly of Sindh on 18 October 1993 at the age of twenty five, which was the minimum age required by the election commission of Pakistan, during the by-election for constituency PS-86 Karachi (Lyari Town) when he defeated Ali Mohammad Hingoro who was than member provincial assembly of Sindh and very strong candidate from Pakistan Peoples Party (Shaheed Bhutto) however in election for 11th Provincial Assembly of Sindh he was succeeded by Muhammad Farooq Awan from constituency of PS 86. Later he was elected to the 13th National Assembly of Pakistan in February 2008 for the NA-239 (Karachi-I) Kemari Town seat in the general election on a Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarian (PPPP) ticket after defeating than member national assembly Hakim Qari Gul Rahman of Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal.
He appears on political talk shows in Pakistan as a representative of the Pakistan Peoples Party. He has been associated with different departments and ministries within the Government of Pakistan such as the Department of Ports and Shipping, Foreign Affairs, Railways, and Labour. He currently serves as a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan as well as Chairman of the Standing Committee on the Interior. On 3 June 2012 he was appointed as President of the Karachi division of the Pakistan Peoples Party and as political adviser to President Asif Ali Zardari.
Peacekeeping in Karachi.
Patel has contributed to conflict resolution in Karachi, especially in Kiamari Town and Lyari Town. He lost his close friend and political coordinator Edhi Amin Khaskheli in target killings in Karachi.

</doc>
<doc id="30953001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953001" title="Associação Desportiva Bahia de Feira">
Associação Desportiva Bahia de Feira

Associação Desportiva Bahia de Feira, commonly known as Bahia de Feira, is a Brazilian football club based in Feira de Santana, Bahia state. They won the Campeonato Baiano once and competed once in the Série D.
History.
The club was founded on July 2, 1937. Bahia de Feira won the Campeonato Baiano Second Level in 1982, 1986, and in 2009. They won the Campeonato Baiano in 2011, after beating Vitória in the final. Bahia de Feira competed in the Série D in 2011, when they were eliminated in the First Stage of the competition.
Stadium.
Associação Desportiva Bahia de Feira play their home games at Estádio Municipal Alberto Oliveira, nicknamed "Estádio Joia da Princesa". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 16,274 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30953005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953005" title="Blue John Canyon">
Blue John Canyon

Blue John Canyon is a slot canyon in eastern Wayne County, Utah, southwest of the Horseshoe Canyon Unit of Canyonlands National Park and 42 miles south of Green River. It runs for approximately 11 miles and is a tributary of Horseshoe Canyon, running northeastwards from the Robbers Roost Flats.
Blue John Canyon came to international attention in 2003 as the place where outdoorsman Aron Ralston was forced to amputate his own right forearm with a multi-tool after it became trapped by a boulder. Ralston's entrapment was described in his autobiography "Between a Rock and a Hard Place" and was depicted in the 2010 film "127 Hours".

</doc>
<doc id="30953006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953006" title="1891 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles">
1891 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles

Lottie Dod defeated Blanche Hillyard (née Bingley) 6–2, 6–1 in the All Comers' Final, and then defeated the reigning champion Lena Rice by a walkover in the Challenge Round to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1891 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="30953008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953008" title="Philip Gemayel">
Philip Gemayel

Philip Gemayel (1740–1796) (or Filibus Al-Jumayyil, "Philibos Gemaiel", ) was the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch for a few months in 1795-1796.
Life.
Philip Gemayel was born in Bikfaya, Lebanon about 1740. He was consecrated coadjutor bishop, titular of Listra, on December 1767 by Patriarch Joseph Estephan for the Maronite diocese of Cyprus ruled by his old uncle Elias Gemayel, to whom he succeeded as bishop in 1786. He, as his predecessors, used to reside in Lebanon.
Philip Gemayel was elected Patriarch on June 14, 1795. His election was opposed by some bishops; the ones nearer to the previous Patriarch Joseph Estephan died in 1793, i.e. Joseph Tyan, John Helou and Joseph Najm (or Nujaym). Philip Gemayel asked the Vatican for confirmation, writing a request with twelve propositions. But he died a few months later, on April 12, 1796, before getting his answer. Pope Pius VI, unaware of Gemayel's death, confirmed his election on June 27, 1796.

</doc>
