<doc id="30983605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983605" title="Carl Schuster">
Carl Schuster

Carl Schuster (1904–1969) was an American art historian who specialized in the study of traditional symbolism.
Life and career.
Carl Schuster was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to a prominent Jewish family. His gift for languages was evident from an early age as was an interest in puzzles, codes, and ciphers. These skills would later serve him well both as a scholar and as a cryptanalyst for the OSS during the Second World War. He received a B.A. (1927) and an M.A. (1930) from Harvard where he studied art history and oriental studies. A growing interest in traditional symbolism led him to Peking (1931–1933) where he spent three years studying with Baron Alexander Staël von Holstein, a Baltic refugee and distinguished scholar. It was during this period that he began collecting textile fragments and ventured on the first of his many field trips in search of specimens. His travels would eventually take him to some of the more remote parts of the world, photographing rock carvings, visiting small museums or private collections, and talking to missionaries, scholars, or anyone else who might have information he was seeking. Schuster returned to Europe to study at the University of Vienna with the noted art historian, Josef Strzygowski, and received his doctorate in 1934 in art history.
He worked briefly as Assistant Curator of Chinese Art at the Philadelphia Art Museum but was soon back in China (1935–38) pursuing his researches and traveling until the Japanese invaded.
Schuster was assisted in his researches by academic grants from the Harvard-Yenching Institute, the Bollingen foundation, and the Guggenheim Foundation. His easy-going manner and gift for languages provided access to people and information not available to others. He collected and photographed specimens in his widespread travels, but he never wandered randomly.
Some of his rare Chinese embroideries were purchased by George Hewitt Myers for the Textile Museum and another large group was given to the Field Museum in Chicago. He also donated a group of Chinese prints to the New York Public Library as well as a collection of Buddhist woodcuts.
After World War II, he lived in Woodstock, New York, where he began to develop his ideas, publishing learned monographs on traditional design motifs. He generally placed these studies in specialized publications, whose readers, he hoped, would respond with more leads. Harvard University was on the verge of publishing a book, "The Sun Bird", but he withdrew it at the last moment because he felt it contained errors.
The American Museum of Natural History (AMNH) provided him with a desk and he spent much time there and in the New York Public Library. In 1945, the American Anthropological Association sponsored an exhibition of his photographs at the AMNH illustrating his ideas about how certain symbols were shared by widely separated cultures.
Along with the artist Miguel Covarrubias, the curator Rene d'Harnoncourt, and the politician and philanthropist Nelson Rockefeller, Schuster was involved in the foundation of the Museum for Primitive Art (now part of the Michael Rockefeller wing of the Metropolitan Museum of Art).
He continued to travel, attending conferences and doing fieldwork and to correspond with others who shared his interests.
Schuyler Cammann (1912–1991), Professor of East Asian Studies at the University of Pennsylvania, first met Schuster in China in the 1930s and was greatly influenced by him.
Schuster never sought the spotlight and his work was generally ignored in academic circles where his approach was considered out of date. Privately, he was at the center of a vast network of scholars and other interested parties who shared ideas and sought his advice.
Schuster’s ability to gather, organize and evaluate data was extraordinary. In an age before the copier and the personal computer, he accumulated an archive comprising some 200,000 photographs, 800 rubbings (mostly of petroglyphs), 18,000 pages of correspondence in multiple languages, and a bibliography of 5670 titles filed by alphabet (Chinese, Cyrillic, Latin)—all meticulously cross-referenced.
Schuster did not live to see his work completed. He died suddenly of cancer in 1969. The task fell to a friend, the anthropologist Dr. Edmund Carpenter, who agreed to write and publish his findings. The result of twenty years of labor was "Materials for the Study of Social Symbolism in Ancient and Tribal Art: A Record of Tradition and Continuity", published privately in three volumes (1986–88) and distributed free of charge to scholars and libraries throughout the world. A much abbreviated version of this work was published in 1996 under the title "Patterns That Connect", by Abrams Press. Schuster’s archives, which contain unpublished material on a wide variety of subjects, are housed in the Museum der Kulturen in Basel, Switzerland.
His work.
Schuster’s initial publications centered on traditional design motifs that he found preserved on textile fragments he had collected in western China during the 1930s. While the textiles themselves were not old, the designs were, having been preserved by endless imitation. Even where the motifs seemed specifically Chinese, like the return of the triumphant scholar ("chuang yüan") on horseback, the oldest known prototypes were found in distant times and places.
Schuster used the method employed by many art historians of identifying significant design motifs and then tracing their distribution and meaning in different cultural and historical contexts, looking for commonalities. He tried, where possible, to provide historical evidence for the movement of these ideas and images but this proved increasingly difficult as the trail moved backward in time. Writing later about the difficulty of providing historical support for the idea of cultural contact between Asia and the Americas in prehistoric times, he defended his methodology.
Schuster was a believer in the comparative method. Like the great art historian, folklorist and metaphysician, Ananda Coomaraswamy — from whom he learned a great deal — he believed that traditional symbolism constituted a form of language that communicated the beliefs of ancient peoples from the earliest times. As in linguistics, where many languages can arise from a common ancestor, he sought the underlying patterns that provided the links between seemingly disparate art forms. Not unlike the early navigators in the Pacific, who used the deep ocean swells to find their way around vast stretches of unexplored ocean, Schuster looked for older meanings obscured or altered by the fashion-driven arts of the palace and the propaganda of the great world religions.
He learned to look for cross-relations between the arts, following the evidence where it led, across time periods and boundaries, both geographic and academic. He expressed some of his feelings about these matters in a letter to the ethnographer Heiner Meinhard in 1967.
Much of his time was taken up in collecting and comparing the motifs he felt to be of particular importance. One gauge of antiquity was how widely dispersed these designs were. He became interested in the figure of the Sun Bird, and its earthly antagonist, a turtle, snake, or other reptile. This led him to a deeper understanding of traditional cosmologies and their relation to ideas about kinship and rebirth.
An area that proved to be of primary importance was a study of joint marks, present in the arts of Asia, Oceania and the Far East. He gradually uncovered an ancient correlation between body joints and ancestors based on a metaphoric association of the human body with a plant or tree, with each limb representing a branching of the group or tribe. Indo-European and other language families preserve these ideas in the words used to describe kinship.
He was systematically building up a picture of some of the earliest beliefs and practices of mankind. A list of the topics that he investigated would be too lengthy to include here, but many of them proved to be inter-related.
It was Schuster’s study of joint marks that ultimately revealed an underlying system of genealogical iconography that he believed dated from Upper Paleolithic times. He expressed his growing excitement in a letter to a friend:
He published his initial findings in Brazil in 1956 under the title, “Genealogical Patterns in the Old and New Worlds.” Its goals seemed modest enough for a work of such importance.
Schuster believed that Paleolithic peoples developed a system for illustrating their ideas about genealogy. Not a kinship system — which depicts actual relations — but an idealized system linked to certain cosmological ideas. The resulting designs were used to decorate the body, clothing, and tools. Their function was to clothe the individual in his/her tribal ancestry. The basic units of the system were conventionalized human figures, linked like paper dolls, arm to arm to depict relation within the same generation, and leg to arm to depict descent. Linked together, these human bodies formed geometric patterns, often of astonishing complexity. (These figures are most familiar to us as decorative motifs like hourglass figures, diamonds, St. Andrew’s crosses, meanders, and spiral patterns, which appear in the traditional art forms of many cultures throughout the world.)
How did this iconography originate? Conceivably from robes of small animal skins, which resemble, by chance, human figures. These small furs were sewn together, with the fore-legs of one animal interlocked with the hind-legs of each adjacent, inverted animal. The use of split figures, emphasized by alternating colors, stressed the dual parentage that everyone enjoys, along with the concomitant notion that a human being is half male and half female, an idea which would have a long history. No examples of these furs survive from ancient times but the Tehuelche Indians of Patagonia made such robes as did other technologically simple hunting peoples.
Schuster also found abundant evidence that these designs were reproduced on cave walls, pebbles, tools, and stone monuments where they represented the corporate identify of their owners, much like military insignia do today.
Another significant aspect of the system is that descent is depicted as a fusion of the leg of an upper figure with the arm of a lower one. These common limbs represent bonds between generations. Many myths tell of human beings born from limbs – sometimes from arms or fingers, more commonly from legs, and most commonly from knees. The idea of birth from the limbs is based on an analogy with the plant world. Just as tree limbs can regenerate, so too, are human limbs seen as a source of potency. A human body becomes a living kinship chart with the ancestral spirits resident in the joints.
Bibliography.
Manuscripts.
Schuster, Carl. "The Sun Bird"
Schuster Archive.
Museum der Kulturen
Münsterplatz 20
Entrance: Augustinergasse 8
4051 Basel, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="30983613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983613" title="Ellis Brigham">
Ellis Brigham

Ellis Brigham is a retailer of mountain sports equipment for skiing, snowboarding, hiking and climbing, based in Manchester, England, with 34 stores found across the United Kingdom.
History.
The founder of Ellis Brigham Frederick Ellis Brigham made walking boots and cycling shoes in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="30983617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983617" title="Plevna Chapel">
Plevna Chapel

The Plevna Chapel is a public subscription monument to the Russian Grenadiers who died during the Siege of Plevna. It was opened on a square outside the Ilyinka Gate of the Walled City in Moscow on the 10th anniversary of the taking of Pleven (1887), in the presence of Field Marshal Nikolai Nikolayevich. The monument was designed by Vladimir Sherwood. Each side is decorated with a high relief plaque illustrating the exploits of the Grenadiers. The interior, now empty, once housed a set of bronze plaques listing 18 Grenadier officers and 542 soldiers who died at Plevna. An annual memorial service is held in front of the chapel on March 3 (the day of Bulgaria's liberation). The surrounding park is notorious as a gay cruising ground.

</doc>
<doc id="30983631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983631" title="Institute for Study of the Jewish Question">
Institute for Study of the Jewish Question

The Institute for Study of the Jewish Question or Institute for Research of the Jewish Question ("Institut zur Erforschung der Judenfrage") was a Nazi party-political institution, founded in 1941 and in existence till 1945. Its purpose was information-gathering for propaganda purposes and later to support the Holocaust.

</doc>
<doc id="30983639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983639" title="Michele Coltellini">
Michele Coltellini

Michele Coltellini (1480-1542) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Ferrara.
Biography.
He was a follower of Panetti and Garofalo, who lived in the 16th century. He is the author of a 'Dead Christ on the lap of the Virgin' in the Dresden Gallery, formerly assigned to Squarcione. His oldest panel is dated 1502, and represents the 'Death of the Virgin:' it is now in the possession of Count Mazza, at Ferrara. In the church of Sant' Andrea, in the same city, is a 'Virgin and Child between SS. Michael, Catharine, John, and Jerome,' signed and dated 1506. The Gallery of Ferrara has a 'Madonna and Child and Saints,' signed by him in 1542. The dates of his birth and death are uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="30983647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983647" title="Mecynorrhina ugandensis">
Mecynorrhina ugandensis

Mecynorrhina ugandensis is a beetle from the subfamily Cetoniinae, tribe Goliathini, it was described by Josef Moser in 1907. As suggested by its name, it is found in Uganda, but it is also present in adjacent parts of DR Congo.
Description.
It is a large beetle, with males reaching 85 mm and females 60 mm in length.
Classification.
According to the last work of De Palma & Frantz, this species is included in the subgenus "Mecynorrhinella" Marais and Holm, 1992, and is a subspecies of "Mecynorhina torquata" Hope, 1837.
For a simplification, we will follow Allard considering "ugandensis" as a good species.
Synonym.
Zdenӗk Tesař described in 1935 the "Mecynorrhina machulkai" which is compared to "Mecynorhina torquata", he seems not to know the species described by Moser.
Variations.
All the specimens of this species are rarely the same. Moser described it with red elytra ("elytris rubis"). In his paper, Tesař describes also several forms and illustrates many of them. Many varieties have been illustrated in "The Beetles of the World", volume 7, plates 3–6. Here are other photos of the variations of the species, all the specimens are from Dr. Allard's collection.

</doc>
<doc id="30983670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983670" title="Befaqul Madarisil Arabia Bangladesh">
Befaqul Madarisil Arabia Bangladesh

Befaqul Madarisil Arabia Bangladesh (Bengali: বেফাকুল মাদারিসিল আরাবিয়া বাংলাদেশ) is the largest qawmi madrasa education board in Bangladesh. it was founded in April,1978 after a seminar of Islamic scholars. This organization of Qawmi Madrasahs of Bangladesh is also known as the "Befaqul Madaris" (also transliterated as Wafaq ul Madaris). It is an extension of the process that formed the Wafaq ul Madaris Al-Arabia, Pakistan in 1957. "Bangladesh Qawmi Madrasah Education Board" is the largest federation of Islamic seminaries in Bangladesh. Qawmi educational system practices originate from the traditional Muslim educational system of Bangladesh. At present, there are more than 65,000 Qawmi Madrasahs in Bangladesh. As of 2013, more than 20,000 Seminaries across the Peoples Republic of Bangladesh are affiliated with "Befaqul Madaris". It controls all the seminaries which are run by Deobandi School of thought. Deobandi School of thought is supposed to be the most powerful and dominated school of thought in Bangladesh.
Sheikh ul-Islam Allama Shah Ahmad Shafi, one of the decieples of Husain Ahmed Madani and the present rector of Al-Jamiatul Ahlia Darul Ulum Moinul Islam Hathazari, Chittagong, Bangladesh; is the chairman of "Bangladesh Qawmi Madrasah Education Board".
Objectives and functions.
The board was founded to assure a standardized curriculum and to provide centralized examination. Membership with the board is voluntary, though required for degree accreditation by the Befaqul Madaris.
The main functions of the federation are: registration of Madrasahs, creation of syllabus, checking standard of education, arrangement of examination and issuance of degrees.
Notable institutions.
The following are some of the notable Qawmi Madrasahs in Bangladesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30983674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983674" title="Mimas christophi">
Mimas christophi

Mimas christophi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East, north-eastern China, South Korea and northern and central Japan.
The wingspan is 59–77 mm. It is similar to "Mimas tiliae" but smaller and darker and showing a less extensive variation in forewing colour and pattern.
Adults are on wing from late May to late August in Korea.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Alnus hirsute", "Tilia", "Acer", "Ulmus", "Salix" and "Betula" in Primorskiy Kray in Russia and "Alnus japonica", "Quercus dentata", "Ulmus davidiana var. japonica" and "Tilia amurensis" in Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="30983685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983685" title="Frithjof Jacobsen">
Frithjof Jacobsen

Frithjof Halfdan Jacobsen (14 January 1914 – 14 March 1999) was a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in South Shields as a son of shipmaster and navy captain Carl Gustav Jacobsen (1878–1941) and Frida Mørch (1878–1968). He returned to Norway, where he finished his secondary education in 1932 before studying law at the University of Oslo. He graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1937 and studied at the London School of Economics before being hired in the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1938. He served as an attaché at the Norwegian legation in Paris, and had to flee the country in June 1940. In October he reached London, where he worked for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs-in-exile. Norway had been occupied by Germany. In October 1941 in London he married captain's daughter Elsa Tidemand Andersen.
After the war he worked in Norway and as embassy secretary in Moscow and London, before being hired as an assistant secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1950. He was then an embassy councillor in London from 1953 to 1955, deputy under-secretary of state in Norway from 1955 to 1959, Norway's ambassador to Canada from 1959 to 1961, and ambassador to the Soviet Union from 1961 to 1965. He then joined Borten's Cabinet as a non-partisan member, and was a State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1965 to 1970. He returned as ambassador to the Soviet Union from 1970 to 1974, then ambassador to the United Kingdom from 1975 to 1982.
He was decorated as a Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 1964. He died in March 1999 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="30983686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983686" title="Reichsleiter Rosenberg Taskforce">
Reichsleiter Rosenberg Taskforce

The Reichsleiter Rosenberg Taskforce ( or "ERR") was a Nazi Party organization dedicated to appropriating cultural property during the Second World War. It was led by the chief ideologue of the Nazi party, Alfred Rosenberg, from within the NSDAP Office of Foreign Affairs ("Außenpolitischen Amt der NSDAP" or "APA"). Between 1940 and 1945, the ERR operated in France, the Benelux countries, Poland, the Baltic States, Greece, Italy and on the territory of the Soviet Union in the Reichskommissariat Ostland and Reichskommissariat Ukraine. Much of the looted material was recovered by the Allies after the war, and returned to rightful owners, but there remains a substantial part which either has been lost or remains with the Allied powers.
Formation.
The ERR was initially a project of "Hohe Schule der NSDAP", a Nazi-oriented elite university, which was subordinate to Alfred Rosenberg. Rosenberg wanted it to be a research institute filled with cultural material on the opponents of the Nazi ideology. These included Jewish, Masonic, Communist and democratic organizations from throughout Germany and from the occupied countries. Plans to build monumental buildings for the University on the shores of Lake Chiemsee failed to materialize after the outbreak of World War II.
Shortly after the occupation of France the staff of the ERR joined the SS in the search for books, archival material, and huge stocks of artifacts that were in the possession of people of Jewish descent. Soon after the German Embassy in Paris and SS-Einsatzgruppen also began to steal the most valuable paintings from prominent national museums, galleries, and non-Jewish private collections. Rosenberg and his organization wanted to be involved in these art raids. He was able to get full authority from Hitler to be the only official art procurement organization acting in the occupied countries. For this reason, in a Führer Directive of 5 July 1940, Adolf Hitler authorized the ERR to confiscate:
The "Einsatzstab Reichsleiter Rosenberg" was officially established in "Office West" in Paris and was divided into different functional departments. The ERR central administration was transferred to Berlin on 1 March 1941 where it became formal subdivision of the German Foreign Office.
The Nazis were so eager to acquire valuable masterpieces that art theft became the most important field of work of the ERR. In addition to art, many libraries were looted for the Institute for the Study of the Jewish Question in Frankfurt, but especially for the library of the "Hohe Schule". The operations staff had eight main regional task forces and five technical task forces (music, visual arts, history, libraries, churches). Raids connected with the ERR also plundered the belongings of people deported to Nazi concentration camps. Between April 1941 to July 1944, 29 convoys transported goods seized from Paris to Neuschwanstein Castle in Germany, the ERR's principal place of storage. Until October 17, 1944, as estimated by the ERR itself, 1,418,000 railway wagons containing books and works of art (as well as 427,000 tonnes by ship) were transitioned to Germany.
ERR Operations.
Belarus.
"More than two hundred libraries of Belarus, especially the state (now national) library, suffered irreparable damage during the occupation. An associate of the national library, T. Roshchina, calculated that 83 percent of the library’s collection was plundered and destroyed. After the war, some six hundred thousand volumes from the library were found in Germany, Poland and Czechoslovakia, and were subsequently returned. About one million books, however, including rare and old printed volumes, have still not been located."
"Day by day for 26 months, the Hitlerites systematically destroyed one of the most ancient Russian cities, Smolensk. The Soviet Prosecution has presented to the Tribunal a document as Document Number USSR-56, containing the report of the Extraordinary State Commission of the Soviet Union. I shall not quote this document; but I shall only refer to it and endeavor, in my own words, to emphasize the fundamental points of this document, dealing with the reported theme now. In Smolensk, the German fascist invaders plundered and destroyed the most valuable collections in the museums. They desecrated and burned down ancient monuments; they destroyed schools and institutes, libraries, and sanatoriums. The report also mentions the fact that in April 1943, the Germans needed rubble to pave the roads. For this purpose, they blew up the intermediate school. The Germans burned down all the libraries of the city and 22 schools; 646,000 volumes perished in the library fires."
Belgium.
By the middle of 1941, most of the ERR work in Belgium concentrated on small collections in Jewish homes. Larger operations involved the Jesuit convent in Enghien involved removing 200 crates of books and archives, and looting the École des Hautes Études in Ghent, which involved transporting 56 crates of books. "Both institutions were considered outposts of French culture on Flemish soil and unfriendly to Nazism." The Jesuit collection was considered a treasure trove of information on the politics of Catholicism in Belgium, and of Catholic procedures to thwart the Germans. The Jesuit College in Leuven and the regionmal office in Brussels, for example, acted as a refuge for library materials.
"Libraries and archives sees as enemy and international were confiscated outright by the ERR, as indicated by the following three examples. The contents of the communist bookshop OBLA, Brussels, were sent to Racibórz, Poland. The records of the International Federation for Housing and Town Planning were confiscated and brought to Germany. A similar fate overtook the archives and library of the international Jesuit college at Enghien, which was called a "Zentrale der anti-Deutschland speziell anti-National-Sozialistischen Information" ("Center for anti-German and anti-National Socialist Information").
Czechoslovakia.
"The 700,000 volumes of the Charles University Library in Prague were stolen as a unit."
A library was created in the Theresienstadt ghetto, about forty miles from Prague. Books were brought in by many of the people deported to this camp as part of their personal possessions, but also books from the collections of the Rabbinical Seminary Libraries of Berlin and Breslau, and the Jewish communities of Berlin and Vienna were also shipped there as well. Part of the German effort also included having the prisoners translate and catalog many Hebrew books, to be added to the ERR "Museum of the Extinct Race" envisioned by Alfred Rosenberg. Almost 30,000 Hebrew and Judaica volumes had catalog cards created by the ghetto inmates.
In 1935, there were 17,148 public, school and university libraries in Czechoslovakia, having a book stock of 8,528,744 volumes. Many of these items were confiscated by the Germans, especially any Czech books dealing with geography, biography or history. Works by any Czech writers were taken away, many burned, most others taken directly to the paper pulp mills. Special libraries were devastated, and suffered a loss of about 2,000,000 volumes.
France.
Georg Ebert, who was a member of Rosenberg’s Aussenpolitisches Amt (NSDAP Bureau for Foreign Affairs, also referred to as the APA), discovered that a Masonic lodge, the Grand Orient, had been abandoned in Paris. This was one of the most important Masonic lodges in Europe. Ebert personally guarded the building, with its library collection and archives, until he could turn it over to the army. This was one point in the origin of the ERR, which eventually developed into a central headquarters in Berlin, with subsidiary offices (Hauptarbeitsgruppen (Main Work Groups) in Paris, Amsterdam, Brussels, Belgrade, Riga and other cities.
"In January 1940, Hitler gave Rosenberg his task: to loot Jewish and Masonic cultural treasures, including synagogues, libraries, and archives in western Europe. By fall 1940, Hitler ordered Rosenberg to confiscate all Jewish art collections since these materials were now deemed "ownerless" by Nazi decree. Jews in France, as in most of Europe, were now labeled "stateless" and no longer had property rights. With France part of the German-occupied territories, the ERR and Rosenberg now fell under Hermann Göring's authority and control, with the Gestapo seeking out Jewish houses, apartments, and shops in the hopes of finding valuable pieces."
"Alfred Rosenberg reported to Hitler that his Einsatzstab had commenced confiscations in Paris by October 1940, with the assistance of the Service de Sûreté (S.D.) and the "Police Secrète Militaire (Geheime Feldpolizei)." The "Sonderstab Bildende Kunst" (Special Arts Staff), a section of the ERR, confiscated numerous Jewish art collections, often of international renown (for instance, the Rothschild collection). In the Netherlands, this Sonderstab did not seize much more than about a thousand works of art. The Sonderstab Musik, Kirchen, Osten, Bibliothekenaufbau der Hohen Schule und Rassenpolititische Fragen (Special Staffs for Music, Churches, the East, the High School Library and Race-political Questions) each fought for its own corner. By 1942, no fewer than 3,500 collections, libraries and archives had been ‘secured’ by the Hauptarbeitsgruppe Frankreich (Main Working Group, France) of the ERR- France having been divided into five districts.
The libraries of the Alliance Israélite Universelle (AIU) and the French Rabbinical Seminary (SIF) were high on the list of German locations to loot. The AIU had built a new library in 1937, including an eight story high tower and reading room, and boasting of 50,000 books. By March 1940, 647 crates of books had been removed from the AIU, and 243 crates of books from the SIF. A list by the ERR dated March 1941 indicated that 81 libraries had been looted in Paris alone, and a later supplemental list included another 30 libraries of Jewish, Masonic, socialist and émigré collections had been seized.
"These albums were created by the staff of the Third Reich’s Einsatzstab Reichsleiter Rosenberg (ERR). This special unit was organized in the summer of 1940 under Reich Leader Alfred Rosenberg, initially to collect political material in occupied countries for exploitation in the "struggle against Jewry and Freemasonry." The ERR established its base of operations in Paris in July 1940 and on November 5, Hermann Göring assigned the ERR the responsibility for the confiscation of "ownerless" Jewish art collections. On November 18 of that year, Adolf Hitler ordered that all confiscated works of art be brought to Germany and placed at his personal disposal.
Pre-war, Paris was the world's largest and most important art market. This was where well-off French, European and American collectors bought and sold their best pieces. From the beginning of the century, Jewish "marchands d'art" had established themselves as the best art dealers and experts, resultantly shaping and influencing global taste. Dealers included: the Wildensteins, where Georges Wildenstein dealt in Old Masters; the Bernheim-Jeunes who specialized in Impressionists and post-Impressionists painters, and in 1901 had opened the first Van Gogh show; and Paul Rosenberg, the contracted dealer of Picasso and Braque.
During the next several years, the ERR would be engaged in an extensive and elaborate art looting operation in France that was part of Hitler’s much larger premeditated scheme to steal art treasures from conquered nations. Soon after the German occupation of France in 1940, the German military, and subsequently the ERR, focused their art confiscations on the world renowned Jewish- owned art collections from families such as the Rothschilds, and the Veil-Picards, Alphonse Kann, and Jewish dealers such as the Seligmanns. According to the German ERR documents from 1944, the art seizures in France totaled 21,903 objects from 203 collections. There were 5,009 items confiscated from the Rothschild family collections, 2,687 items from the David-Weill collection, and 1,202 from Alphonse Kann’s collection. French officials, at the end of the war, estimated that one third of all art in French private hands had been confiscated.
Jeu de Paume Galerie.
All looted and confiscated art works were initially shipped by truck to the Galerie nationale du Jeu de Paume, where Nazi art historians, experts, photographers, maintenance and administrative personnel appraised, filed, photographed and packed the now decreed "ownerless cultural goods" for transport to Germany. The first shipment art works sent to Germany from Paris required 30 rail cars and consisted primarily of Rothschild paintings intended for the Führermuseum/European Museum of Art (EMoA) in Linz, Austria. Among the first fifty-three paintings shipped to Hitler was Vermeer’s Astronomer from the Édouard de Rothschild collection, today in the Musée de Louvre in Paris. As the ERR staff looted and catalogued the French collections, they created photograph albums specifically intended for the Reichschancellery and Adolf Hitler in an effort to keep them apprised of their work in France, and more importantly, to provide a catalogue of items from which Hitler and his curators could choose art treasures for EMoA. A group of these photograph albums were presented to Adolf Hitler on the occasion of his birthday on April 20, 1943, by Alfred Rosenberg to "send a ray of beauty and joy into revered life." ERR staff stated that nearly 100 such volumes were created during the years of their art looting operation."
"The latest advices from authentic neutral sources said that the Gestapo had seized the libraries of all the Masonic organizations in France. The Biliothèque Nationale (the French National Library) there upon put in a claim for these books, but the latest word was that the Germans declined to hand over them over, saying the material would be sent to Germany for purposes of study. The library of the Alliance Israelite in Paris, worth several million francs, also was said to have been seized and sent to Germany. From the Biliothèque Nationale - one of the world’s leading libraries - the Germans were reported to have received an inventory of manuscripts, rare books and similar material that had been stored elsewhere in France for security during the war. German officials, according to the information received here, have been exercising close supervision over the French publishing industry. They have also taken over the Maison du Livre de Français, the most important French book exporting agency."
So called "degenerate art" was legally banned by the Nazis from entering Germany, and so once designated was held in what was called the Martyr's Room at the Jeu de Paume. Much of Paul Rosenberg's professional dealership and personal collection were so subsequently designated by the Nazis. Following Joseph Goebels earlier private decree to sell these degenerate works for foreign currency to fund the building of the Führermuseum and the wider war effort, Hermann Goering personally appointed a series of ERR approved dealers to liquidate these assets and then pass the funds to swell his personal art collection, including Hildebrand Gurlitt. With the looted degenerate art sold onwards via Switzerland, Rosenberg's collection was scattered across Europe. Today, some 70 of his paintings are missing, including: the large Picasso watercolor "Naked Woman on the Beach", painted in Provence in 1923; seven works by Matisse; and the "Portrait of Gabrielle Diot" by Degas.
After the war, many of the books hidden by the Germans were collected by the Monuments, Fine Arts and Archives section of the American military government, and collected at the Offenbach Depot. There, many of the larger collections were identified and eventually returned to their owners. By the end of 1948, " ... the French regained the archives of the Paris bank of Rothschild Freres, the Libschutz Librairie de Paris, the library of the Alliance Israelite Universelle de Paris, the library of the Ecole Rabbinique de Paris, and the Biliothèque de Chinon."
Greece.
Greece was also visited by the ERR after the country’s fall in April 1940. A special unit headed by Dr. Johannes Pohl, chief of the Hebraica collection at the Frankfurt Institute’s library, appeared in Salonica, where he had the Alfred Rosenberg agents seal the yeshiva collections, in which the city abounded. However, members of the community were able to hide or disguise many of the collections from the Germans. A later visit in September 1942 by a scholar named Maertsch, likewise resulted in no new additions to the Frankfurt library. However, a 1943 report does show that 10,000 volumes had been received from Greece.
Before the war, Greece was rich in libraries. The National Library, which included the Public and University libraries in Athens, contained more than 400,000 volumes. "Reports reaching American authorities in Cairo have told of the pillaging of libraries, laboratories and workshops of the Universities of Athens and Salonika ... A large part of the University of Athens library is reported to be lost. The libraries of three American colleges were reported to have been used as fuel in the central heating system used by the Germans."
Italy.
"The ERR were also active in the west. After the German occupations of Rome in 1943, ERR officers inspected the contents of the Roman Synagogue’s two great libraries, which contained extraordinary collections gathered over the 2,000 year history of Jewish life in Rome. They demanded the libraries’ catalogs; just days before the first deportation of Roman Jews to Auschwitz, two specially ordered railcars destined for Alfred Rosenberg’s institute in Frankfurt were loaded with ten thousand books from these libraries."
"Two archaeological libraries, the Hertziana Library of History and Art, and the German Archaeological Institute’s library of the history, topography, art and customs of ancient Rome, were removed from Rome and taken to Germany by the Nazis. At the end of the war, the two library collections were discovered in two Austrian salt mines packed away in 1,985 wooden cases. The German Library’s collection was unharmed, but some of the Hertziana collection and the card catalog were damaged by water when part of the mine flooded. They were returned to Rome, where they became part of the Gallery of Modern Art, where both collections will be in the care of the new International Union for the study of Archaeology, Art and History in Rome."
After the war, many of the major collections looted from Italy were identified by the Monuments, Fine Arts and Archives service of the American military government and returned to their owners. The Collegio Rabbinico Italiano, the Kunsthistorische Institut Florenz, and the Deutsche Historische Bibliothek Rom were all returned, although not all were intact, to their owners in Italy. "These last two collections were seized by Hitler with the idea of re-establishing them in Germany."
Lithuania.
In Vilna (Vilnius, Vilno, Wilno, etc.) the ERR set up a collecting point for Lithuania. Dr. Gotthard of the Berlin headquarters arrived in August 1941, and began looting the Strashun library. He conscripted the labor of two Gestapo prisoners, including A.Y. Goldschmidt, librarian of the Hispanic-Ethnographic Society. Eventually, he committed suicide rather than assist the looting of the libraries. Dr. Johannes Pohl appeared in January 1942, and ordered that the city be made a collecting point for the region, and concentrated at the Yidisher Visenshaftlikker Institut (Institute for Jewish Research). Materials were brought in from the private collections from Kovno, Shavle, Mariapol, Volozhn and other towns, and included books from over 300 synagogues and personal libraries. Some of the Jewish workers were able to smuggle out and hide some of the most valuable books in the ghetto, which was stopped when the ghetto was liquidated in July 1943. The accumulated collection of over 100,000 volumes were separated into piles by century of publication, and about 20,000 were selected for shipment to Germany. The remaining materials were pulped to avoid storage and transportation costs, and to make a small profit. One incident involved an assistant of Dr. Pohl dumping out five cases of rare books in order to make room for an illegal shipment of hogs.
The Netherlands.
"The Einsatzstab Reichleiter Rosenberg (ERR), established by Alfred Rosenberg in 1939, was represented in the Netherlands by an Amsterdam office. In 1940, the ERR confiscated all property belonging to the Freemasons, among which was the famous Biblioteca Klossiana. This library had been bought by Prince Hendrik (1876–1934) (Duke Henry of Mecklenburg-Schwerin), husband of Queen Wilhemina (Wilhelmina of the Netherlands), and had been presented by him to the order of Freemasons. It contained important incunabula and books on the occult, which were not available anywhere else in the Netherlands. Other parts of the library and the order’s archive were of importance as well. The library of the International Institute for Social History in Amsterdam was closed, and the ERR took over the building for its offices. In July 1940 the institute’s very important collection of newspapers and the library of approximately 160,000 volumes were confiscated. German arguments over their final destination kept the materials in Amsterdam until the winter of 1944, when they were transported to Germany in eleven ships. The International Archives of the Women’s Movement, established in Amsterdam in 1935, lost its whole collection after the institute was closed by the Sicherheitspolizei (Security Police) in June 1940. In August 1942, 499 crates containing books and archives taken from, among others, Jewish antiquarian book dealers and theosophical societies were transported to Berlin."
Most of the looted Jewish property, especially books, was sent to Rosenberg’s Institut zur Erforschung der Judenfrage in Frankfurt. Established in March 1941, the Institute served as the core research library for the planned Hohe Schule. Some of the other ERR research institutes that received looted books included the Institut für Biologie und Rassenlehre in Stuttgart, the Institut für Religionswissenschaft, and the Institut für Deutsche Volkskunde. In the Netherlands, where Seeligmann’s library was looted, the ERR enjoyed a monopoly on cultural property confiscation between 1940 and 1944. A particularly large number of books were seized, with an estimated value of thirty to forty million Reichsmarks. However, not all of those books were sent to the ERR’s research institutes. Certain collections, including Seeligmann’s, were sent to other Nazi agencies, such as the Reich Security Main Office (Reichssicherheitshauptamt, or RSHA) in Berlin.
The RSHA was interested specifically in information about those they perceived to be the prime enemies of the Reich. Accordingly, the RSHA in Berlin received looted library and archival materials relating to "enemies" such as the Jews. The RSHA Office Seven (Amt VII), which specialized in ideological research, established a center for the evaluation of looted documents. By August 1943, it contained more than 500,000 catalogued volumes.
Most of the Jewish materials collected by Amt VII related to Zionist groups, rescue agencies, communities, and cultural organizations. Materials pertaining to Jewish political, economic, cultural, and intellectual leaders were also collected. Seeligmann, who founded the Genootschap voor Joodsche Wetenschap in Nederland (Society for the Science of Judaism in the Netherlands) and served as president of the Dutch Zionist Organization, likely would have been of great interest to the RSHA. By August 1943, his library became part of the Amt VII library and archive center.
Norway.
In Norway, there were 150 school libraries and 50 public libraries that were destroyed by the Germans. Most of these libraries were in the province of Finnmark, where there was widespread destruction during the evacuation of the German armies. Interestingly enough, the Norwegians did not burn the German propaganda works that had filled their shelves when the original Norwegian books were removed. They will be kept for the study by future generations who will want to study the period of the German occupation.
Poland.
" ... From the very beginning of the establishment of the Staatsbibliothek Krakau, special importance was given to materials related to the natural sciences, mathematics, geography and medicine. In the fiscal year 1940–1941, the amount of money spent on book purchases was surpringly high." The Germans recognized the value of the scientific collection, and from 1941 through 1944, 35,599 books were borrowed by 2,621 patrons, mostly German civil servants and military personnel. Polish civilians were not allowed access to the library during the occupation. Gustav Abb, the German overseer of libraries, decided to send much of the reference collection to Germany in 1944. "Abb decided to send the major part of the reference collection, as well as most of the books bought by the Staatsbibliothek to Germany (altogether about 25,000 volumes). Librarians, charged with the task of filling boxes with books, tried to sabotage Abb’s orders. They hid a large number of books and stuffed boxes with old newspapers. Despite those heroic efforts to save the collection, the Germans were still able to send a great number of books to Adelsdorf (Adelin) in Silesia. Fortunately, after the war the library was able to recover most of the books that Abb had evacuated form the library." Later in the war, the main reading room was used as sleeping quarters for German soldiers, and other parts of the library were used as a hospital for Germans.
From the Frankfurter Zeitung, Wochen-Ausgabe, March 28, 1941: "For us it is a matter of special pride to destroy the Talmudic Academy which has been known as the greatest in Poland ... We threw out of the building the great Talmudic Library and carted it to market. There we set fire to the books. The fire lasted for twenty hours. The Jews of Lublin were assembled around and cried bitterly. The cries almost silenced us. Then we summoned a military band, and the joyful shouts of the soldiers silenced the sounds of Jewish cries."
Soviet Union.
Alfred Rosenberg commanded the "Einsatzstab Reichleiter Rosenberg für die Besetzten Gebiete" or "ERR," that was responsible for collecting art, books and cultural objects from invaded countries, also returned their captured library collection back to Berlin during the retreat from Soviet Union. The ERR stands for "Einsatzstab Reichleiter Rosenberg für die Besetzten Gebiete" which means the "Reich Leader Rosenberg Task Force for Occupied Territories." "ERR dispatches note they had to abandon their offices before the removal of the materials on hand could be completed ‘due to lack of loading spaces’ and the fact that German artillery, located in the center of the city , was firing continually over their heads. Still, they managed to send on both their paintings 9,279) and prehistoric materials, which had come from Kharkov, their own library and office furniture, and the materials collected by the Department of Seizures, amounting to some ten thousand books and nearly a hundred cases of Bolshevist paintings, documents and archives ... "
In the note of Vaycheslav M. Molotov Vyacheslav Molotov, People’s Commissar for Foreign Affairs, dated April 27, 1942, presented before the International Military Tribunal, it was recorded that the Germans burned the library of 40,000 volumes belonging to one of the oldest agricultural libraries in the U.S.S.R., the Shatilov selection station in the Orel district. Also submitted to the International Military Tribunal was the statement following: "There was no limit to the desecration of the Hitlerite vandals of the monuments and homes representing Ukrainian history, culture and art. Suffice to mention, as an example of the constant attempts to humiliate the national dignity of the Ukrainian people, that after plundering the Korolenko Library in Kharkov, the occupiers used the books as paving stones for the muddy street in order to facilitate the passage of motor vehicles."
1941–1944 Soviet Union: As a result of the German invasion, heavy damage was done to Russian libraries. It has been estimated that more than 100 million books have been destroyed, mainly from public libraries.
"At Pskov, 1,026 church books were removed from the kremlin (fortress), including sixteenth- to eighteenth- century manuscripts and seventeenth century printed books. Nearly 35,000 volumes were removed from the Pskov pedagogical institute, including 25,000 works of Russian scholars. At Novgorod, the library of the historical museum which was "displaced", contained rare periodicals such as Russkaia rech’ of 1880 and Bibliograf of 1860. Books removed included editions of Voltaire of 1785 and Jean Jacques Rousseau of 1796. All in all, 35,000 volumes were removed. Unique editions of archaeology, including 51 books on the history of ancient Russia, were removed from the Novgorod library for the German professor Engel. Publications on ethnology were removed for Professor Thiele ... The above-mentioned Sonderkommando Künsberg was active in removing the czars’ libraries from the suburbs of Leningrad and the contents of museums and libraries from Rostov and Taganrog. In addition to the ERR, Künsberg’s clients were: the main branch of the Reich Security Agency; RSHA (Reichssicherheitshauptamt); the geographic service of the ministry of Foreign Affairs; the State Library; the Slavic Studies seminar; and the Hermann Göring economic library."
Heinrich Himmler sent a secret message to the SS and SD troops in order to ensure their cooperation with the main troops in the total destruction and devastation of the parts of the Ukraine to be evacuated: "The aim to be achieved is that when the areas in the Ukraine are evacuated, not a human being, not a single head of cattle, not a hundredweight of cereals, and not a railway line remains behind; that not a house remains standing, not a mine exists that is not ruined for years to come, that there is no well left unpoisoned. The enemy must really find a land completely burnt and destroyed."

</doc>
<doc id="30983701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983701" title="The Monkey's Paw (1948 film)">
The Monkey's Paw (1948 film)

"The Monkey's Paw" is a 1948 British horror film directed by Norman Lee and starring Milton Rosmer, Michael Martin Harvey, Joan Seton and Megs Jenkins. A magic Monkey's Paw grants its owner three wishes before a disaster befalls them. It is based on the 1902 story "The Monkey's Paw" by W. W. Jacobs. The screenplay was written by Norman Lee and Barbara Toy. It was produced by Ernest G. Roy.

</doc>
<doc id="30983726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983726" title="Y-DNA haplogroups in Central and North Asian populations">
Y-DNA haplogroups in Central and North Asian populations

Listed here are notable ethnic groups from Central Asia and Siberia by human Y-chromosome DNA haplogroups based on relevant studies. The samples are taken from individuals identified with the ethnic and linguistic designations in the first two columns, the third column gives the sample size studied, and the other columns give the average percentage of the particular haplogroup.

</doc>
<doc id="30983731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983731" title="Rob Harley">
Rob Harley

Rob Harley (born 26 May 1990) is a Scottish rugby union player for Glasgow Warriors in the RaboDirect Pro12.
He plays as a flanker but can also play lock.
After some good performances for Glasgow in his debut season he earned a call up to the Scotland senior squad for the 2011 Six Nations Championship. Harley scored a match-winning try on his Scotland debut, against Samoa in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30983737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983737" title="John Verhoek">
John Verhoek

John Verhoek (born 25 March 1989 in Leidschendam) is a Dutch footballer who plays for German club FC St. Pauli. He plays as a striker and joined his current club in January 2011 for a fee of €500k after spending six months with Den Bosch in the Eerste Divisie, the second level of Dutch football. 

</doc>
<doc id="30983744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983744" title="Grand Lake (Nipissing)">
Grand Lake (Nipissing)

Grand Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in the geographic townships of Barron and Stratton in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.
The lake is long and narrow and lies in an east-west orientation, mostly in Barron Township except for the southeastern end which is in Stratton Township; it is entirely within Algonquin Provincial Park. The primary inflows are the Barron River from its source at Clemow Lake at the west and Carcajou Creek at the large Carcajou Bay at the southeast, and primary outflow is the Barron River, controlled by the Grand Lake Dam, which flows at the east to Stratton Lake and further via the Petawawa River to the Ottawa River.
Grand Lake is crossed in the middle by the originally Canadian Northern Railway, later Canadian National Railway, main line, now abandoned. The Achray park campground, formerly a station on the railway, is located on the north shore, and the unincorporated place of Hydro is on the former railway line at the western tip of the lake, near where a Hydro One hydroelectricity transmission line passes.
Tributaries.
""right" and "left" are with reference to the Barron River"

</doc>
<doc id="30983750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983750" title="Gymkhana (motorcycle)">
Gymkhana (motorcycle)

Motorcycle gymkhana is a motorcycle time trial sport in which riders compete to maneuvre in the shortest time through a paved course restricted by traffic cones or other obstacles. Motorcycle gymkhana is especially popular in Japan.
After walking the course to familiarize themselves with the obstacles, participants ride through individually in a predetermined order. Each rider runs the course once in the morning and once in the afternoon, and his fastest time determines his placing.
Competition characteristics.
Motorcycle Gymkhana is relatively open to beginners, because riders need little equipment and no special license to participate. Events are usually held at closed courses such as driving schools, parking lots, small circuits, or other paved lots. The layout of the course is designed by the organizer and is different for each event.
The riders generally use only first and second gear, because of the course's tight turns. The speed range is therefore usually low or moderate. There is a high probability of falling due to the instability of motorcycles at low speeds, but injuries and damage to motorcycles are rare.
Because of the tight course layout of gymkhana, smaller and lighter motorcycles often have an advantage over larger ones. However, courses may include long, straight sections in addition to tight turns, so various sizes and styles of machine are potential contenders.
Motorcycle gymkhana requires technique, ability, knowledge, and motorcycle experience. Riders must know not only the techniques of acceleration, braking, handling, and weight transfer, but also how to tune the machine to maximize performance. An analytical mind to assess the course for the most efficient racing lines is essential.
Requirements for machines.
Motorcycles used in gymkhana must be street legal. A machine must have one wheel at the front and one wheel at the rear. The regulations do not place any limitations on engine displacement, nor on styles such as naked, super-sports, cruisers, scooters, or on-road versus off-road. The brake light must be in working order. Tyres must be street legal, so racing tyres such as dry slicks and super motard slicks are not allowed. Treads must be deep enough, and worn-out tyres are not allowed. Exhaust noise is limited to 100dB. There must be no sharp edges at the end of handlebars, levers, pedals, or any other projections.
Bikes may be customized freely provided the above conditions are met. For example, many participants place the handlebars in the upper position for better control, change the front and/or rear sprockets to improve acceleration, change the exhaust system, and eliminate fairings to reduce weight.
Equipment.
Riders are generally required to wear a full-face, racing-style motorcycle helmet. Open-face and half helmets are not recommended. Motorcycle gloves and elbow protectors are compulsory, and protectors for shoulders, chest, and back are recommended. Other choices for protection are a leather jacket or a leather racing suit with built-in protectors. On the lower body, riders must wear knee protectors on pants. Protectors for hips and shins are also recommended. Riders may wear boots without laces, or racing boots.
Authorized associations.
JAGE is an authorized motorcycle gymkhana association in Japan, which organizes events known as "Official Events", at which all of the participants are classified under JAGE's authorization criteria.
After JAGE released "Welcome to the World of Moto Gymkhana" in English as well as Japanese, the popularity of Moto Gymkhana outside Japan has steadily grown. In March 2011 the Moto Gymkhana Association was set up in the UK with the support and consent of the JAGE organisation. Its primary aims are to run Moto Gymkhana in the UK and to promote the sport to the rest of the non-Japanese-speaking world. In 2012 it is running an eight-round national championship in the UK, as well as Moto Gymkhana Experiences to raise the profile of the sport.
At the same time, Honda Poland launched a Moto Gymkhana competition series to promote their motorcycles. This series uses different timing and ranking rules from JAGE competitions.
The Moto Gymkhana Association of North America was set up in Toronto, Canada, in 2012, again with the consent of the JAGE organisation. Their first event, "Rock the Red", was held on 15 July 2012 at Honda Canada's headquarters.
The formation of American Motorcycle Gymkhana Riders Association took place in 2011, in Birmingham, Alabama. The first event took place in June, and the sport has been growing in the U.S. ever since. The American version of motorcycle gymkhana focuses on skill development with a concentration on steering and braking, and less emphasis on racing and the competitive nature of the timed events.
M Gymkhana was established in Southern California in 2012, with its first event held in October of that year held at the Bob Hope Airport (Burbank, CA) also known as the Burbank/Pasadena/Glendale Airport. Following the same guidelines/rules established by JAGE, M Gymkhana runs both moto gymkhana timed competitions, as well as "experience day" events as an introductory course for those who are new to the sport of motorcycle gymkhana. The establishment of M Gymkhana in the Southern California market was primarily for the purpose not only spreading the moto gymkhana mantra by growing the sport in the U.S. but also spread the skills that are gained through moto gymkhana riding to motorcycle enthusiasts in one of the largest motorcycle markets in the U.S.
Classification.
SB class.
SB Class is applied only to seeded larger bikes that have over 700cc displacement. Their results are ordered among 'SB Class' too. Furthermore, they can get Series Ranking Points (among 'SB Class') when recorded less than 107%.
Movement between classes.
A rider who has been authorized as a member of a Class will never be relegated from that Class.
A rider who has been promoted to B/C1/C2 can compete in the new class from the next event.
A rider who has been promoted to A class can compete as an A-class rider from the first event of next year, because A class is organized annually.
Courses.
There are three separate courses at an event. One is a short course for warm-up, to allow riders to adjust themselves to their motorbikes and to warm up tyres before a timed run. A second warm-up course is the figure-of-eight turning area near the starting point, for tight runs round the cones. The third is the course for timed runs. Gymkhana has various distinct sections such as slalom, figure-of-eight turns, circles, lines to go through, and 180-degree turns. The cones placed on the courses are usually 45 cm or less in height, but they can sometimes be 70 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="30983751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983751" title="History of rugby union matches between Ireland and Italy">
History of rugby union matches between Ireland and Italy

The Ireland and Italy rugby union teams have a rivalry dating back to New Year's Eve 1988 when Ireland defeated Italy in a friendly, 31-15. Ireland have dominated the meetings, with the Italians having achieved four victories. The teams' most recent meeting, was on 8 March 2014 in the Aviva Stadium, Dublin, where Ireland won 46-7.

</doc>
<doc id="30983754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983754" title="NSDAP Office of Foreign Affairs">
NSDAP Office of Foreign Affairs

The NSDAP Office of Foreign Affairs (German: "Außenpolitische Amt der NSDAP", "A.P.A." or "APA") was a Nazi Party organization. It was set up in April 1933 in the Hotel Adlon in Berlin immediately after the Nazis' 'Machtergreifung'. It was led by Alfred Rosenberg. It was one of the central authorities for the foreign policy of Nazi Germany, alongside the Auswärtigen Amt or Foreign Office (AA) under the leadership of Neurath, the Auslandsorganisation (NSDAP/AO) of Ernst Wilhelm Bohle, the Bureau under Joachim von Ribbentrop (Dienststelle Ribbentrop) and part of the Reichsministerium für Volksaufklärung und Propaganda (RMVP) under Joseph Goebbels.

</doc>
<doc id="30983757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983757" title="European Health Forum Gastein">
European Health Forum Gastein

The European Health Forum Gastein (EHFG) is organised by the International Forum Gastein (IFG), a non-profit and non-partisan association led by Professor Helmut Brand (President) and Dorli Kahr-Gottlieb (Secretary General).
The EHFG is the leading health policy conference in Europe. The main objective is to facilitate the establishment of a framework for advising and developing European health policy while recognising the principle of subsidiarity. In doing so, many connections with partners from across all sectors involved in health policy, public health and health care were created. Supported by the European Commission, the Austrian Ministry of Health and many more, the EHFG offers an uparalleled opportunity to exchange information about a broad spectrum of contemporary health issues.
History and Structure.
The EHFG was founded in 1998 as a European health policy conference with the aim of providing an discussion platform for the various stakeholders in the field of public health and health care. Since then the EHFG has developed into a key annual event, bringing together politicians, senior decision-makers, representatives of interest groups, and experts coming from:
These four groups of stakeholders with their perspectives constitute the four pillars of the European Health Forum Gastein.
The EHFG attracts yearly approximately 600 delegates, coming from all over Europe and beyond, representing the key stakeholders of the European health policy community.
Objectives.
The main objective of the EHFG is to facilitate the establishment of a framework for advising and developing European health policy while recognising the importance of national and regional authorities and decision-making bodies. The EHFG maintains an unparalleled mix of participants including leading country- and EU-level representatives from the areas of health policy, administration, science, business and patient organisations. By focusing on key issues in the European health arena the Forum considers in particular the following areas, tasks and challenges:
Young Forum Gastein Initiative.
The Young Forum Gastein initiative is a joint project of the EHFG and the European Commission (DG Health & Consumers, DG Information Society & Media and DG Research & Innovation) aimed at young researchers and officials from Member States of the European Union and beyond who work in the field of health. The purpose of the initiative is to introduce promising young decision-makers and experts to the Gastein process – bridging the gap between research and policy-making and facilitating learning and networking.
European Health Award.
The purpose of the European Health Award is to highlight and reward an initiative covering more than one European country. The project should make a clear and significant contribution to the challenges facing European public health systems, with particular focus on ameliorating disparities in health service provision.
EHFG Venue.
Gastein Valley - The Gastein valley lies at the heart of the ‘Hohe Tauern’ nature reserve in Austria, the largest of its kind in Central Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="30983767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983767" title="Rue Monnot">
Rue Monnot

Rue Monnot (), is street in Beirut, Lebanon. The street is located east of Beirut Central District in the Sodeco neighborhood of Achrafieh of Beirut. The street is named after Father Ambroise Monnot, a French Jesuit who founded in Beirut the Saint Joseph University in 1875.
The street is a one-way cobblestone street that runs south-north, starting at Avenue de l'Independence and ending at Rue Charles Debbas, although it is intersected by the General Fouad Chehab overpass. Attractions include a multitude of restaurants, shops, bars, and nightlife venues, and the street is alive with music every single night of the week. In 2004, "Travel + Leisure" named Rue Monnot as the best in the Middle East due to the dozens of bars and moody nightclubs lining both sides of the street. The street is within walking distance to Rue Gouraud, Beirut's other night life street. The area has lost its prominence as the center of Beirut's Western-themed nightlife, due to competition from other areas of Beirut, such as Rue Gouraud-Gemmayzeh, Hamra Street, and Uruguay Street.

</doc>
<doc id="30983769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983769" title="Nowhere to Hide">
Nowhere to Hide

Nowhere to Hide may refer to:
In film:
In television episodes:
In music:

</doc>
<doc id="30983778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983778" title="Dagfinn Stenseth">
Dagfinn Stenseth

Dagfinn Stenseth (born 28 August 1936) is a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Øvre Eiker, and has a bachelor's degree in political science. He was hired in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1962, and was promoted to assistant secretary in 1973, sub-director in 1976 and deputy under-secretary of state in 1986. He served as the Norwegian ambassador to the Soviet Union from 1979 to 1985, to Russia from 1990 to 1994, to Finland from 1994 to 1997 and to Denmark from 1999 to 2004. In between he was a special adviser in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1997 to 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="30983812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983812" title="Sarah Francisco">
Sarah Francisco

Sarah Francisco ( – 1 November 1916) was a resident of Adelaide, South Australia. Notorious for her frequent alcohol-related arrests she still holds the record for number of arrests in South Australia and was to spend more than 16 years in gaol despite the majority of her sentences running concurrently and receiving no sentence longer than 12 months.
Early life.
Sarah Francisco was born in Ireland around 1839. Her mother died in 1844 and Francisco was brought up by an aunt on a dairy farm. In 1865 her elder sister emigrated to Australia and Francisco followed later, arriving in Adelaide on 7 November 1866. In 1867 she married John "Frank" Francisco, a Genoese sailor and settled down in Port Adelaide.
Her husband was a heavy drinker and violent. Francisco carried a facial scar from being hit in the face with a brass candlestick and while under the influence Frank attempted to murder her on several occasions. Complaining of a sore ankle, he refused to leave his bed for more than three years. After his doctor suggested he needed to take a two week break away from home he left and never returned. 
The marriage had produced two sons, Joseph and John. As sole breadwinner Francisco worked several cleaning jobs from 3am to 11pm, working with one child on her back while cradling the youngest. Following five-year-old John's death in an accident, Francisco took to drinking and eventually became an alcoholic.
Notoriety.
Arrested for the first time on 30 July 1873, then 34 year old Francisco went on to amass a total of 295 convictions for drunkenness, indecent language, assault, resisting arrest, riotous behaviour, abusive language and disturbing the peace. Regarded by the courts as "an incorrigible rogue" Francisco's strength was legendary, often taking several constables considerable effort to arrest her. The majority of her sentences (180 years in total) were served concurrently, although still resulting in her spending more than 16 years in Adelaide Gaol where she had her "own cell" in No 2 Yard. Her arrests were reported by the local newspapers in detail and eventually the number of convictions became newsworthy in New Zealand which occasionally reported on further convictions.SARAH FRANCISCO AGAINThere are few persons who have a more unenviable police record than Sarah Francisco 63, who appeared at the Port Adelaide Police Court on Tuesday morning, before Messrs. C. R. Morris and B. Fisher. In November of last year Sarah was sentenced to imprisonment for 12 months, and was released only about a week ago. Although she had gone without intoxicating liquor for a year she had apparently not forgotten the taste of it, as on Monday morning she started her pranks again. She walked along the streets of Port Adelaide shouting, yelling, and brandishing a stick. Sarah was cautioned by the police several times to remain quiet, but she took no notice of the warning. Eventually Sarah was arrested, but she threw herself on the ground and used her stick threateningly! Sarah has a reputation of being "as strong as a lion" and there seems to be some justification for the comparison, as three policemen could not remove her to the police station. A trolly was obtained and the woman taken to the station on it. — "The Advertiser", 18 November 1903
In the early 1910s Francisco, who was then in her 70s, decided to reform and became a strong supporter of the Salvation Army. She never offended again.
In 1996 the Historical Society of South Australia gave a lecture on Sarah’s life entitled "Saucy Sarah, Rarely Sober".
Death.
Francisco died on 2 November 1916 at the age of 77 and is buried in the Cheltenham Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="30983818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983818" title="2011 WPA World Eight-ball Championship">
2011 WPA World Eight-ball Championship

The 2011 WPA World Eight-ball Championship was the most recent annual professional eight-ball championship, organized by the World Pool-Billiard Association (WPA), and held 19–26 February 2011 at the Fujairah Exhibition Centre of the Al Diar Siji Hotel in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates. A total of 116 players from all of the WPA's six regions participated. In the Men's Division, first place was won by Dennis Orcollo of the Philippines, with second through fourth places going respectively to Niels Feijen of the Netherlands, David Alcaide of Spain, and Darren Appleton of the United Kingdom. The total prize purse was US$205,000. The event is also referred to as the 2011 Etisalat World 8 Ball Pool Championship, among other variations, for sponsorship purposes.
Stage 2.
Playoff.
Vincent Facquet defeated Phuc Lung Nguyen 3–2 for eighth seed and the last bye to the Round of 32.

</doc>
<doc id="30983819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983819" title="Nevin Spence">
Nevin Spence

Nevin Spence (26 April 199015 September 2012) was an Irish rugby union player for Ulster in the RaboDirect Pro12. He played as a Centre, but could also play Wing. He was educated firstly at Dromore High School, where he was introduced to rugby, and then at Wallace High School. He played his club rugby with Ballynahinch. He was also a capable footballer, playing for the Northern Ireland U-16's.
Club career.
Nevin rose to prominence at Ballynahinch during the hugely successful 2009/10 season. The club won the Ulster Senior League, Cup, AIL Division 2 and All-Ireland Cup all in a single season. Nevin was also a member of the Ulster Rugby Academy. Spence first tasted professional rugby against the Ospreys in April 2010. In the little more than two seasons that he played for Ulster he made 42 appearances, despite suffering a number of shoulder injuries.
International career.
He made 11 appearances for the Ireland national under-20 rugby union team, scoring four tries, and played twice at the IRB Junior World Championships. After some strong performances for Ulster and two appearances for Ireland Wolfhounds, he was called up to Ireland's senior training squad for the 2011 Six Nations. His talent was recognised by his fellow professionals in 2011 when he was named Young Player of the Year at the IRUPA Players' Awards. In May 2012 he played for Ireland against the Barbarians in a non-capped game played at Gloucester's Kingsholm Stadium.
Death.
Spence died, along with his brother Graham and father Noel, in an accident at the family farm in Hillsborough, County Down on 15 September 2012. It was reported that his father, brother, Nevin and his sister were overcome by fumes in a slurry tank at the family farm, possibly while trying to save a dog. Spence's sister was treated in hospital and survived the accident.
As a mark of respect for Spence, a minute's silence was observed at many rugby games in Britain and Ireland the following week. A memorial service was held at Ravenhill Stadium, the home ground of Ulster Rugby, on Sunday 23 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30983821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983821" title="Budapesti Spartacus SC (women's handball)">
Budapesti Spartacus SC (women's handball)

Budapesti Spartacus Sport Club is a Hungarian women's handball team from Budapest, that play in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I/B, the second tier league in Hungary. The club was formed in 1954 and soon found themselves on the top. "Spari", as the fans call the team, have won all but one league titles between 1960 and 1967, and in addition, they have won two domestic cup titles in 1963 and 1968. They also enjoyed a good run in the European Champions Cup, having been marched to the finals in 1965, only to fall short against HG København.
In the seventies the club have fallen back, and eventually slumped to relegation in 1975. However, the team promoted back immediately and under the guidance of head coach István Szabó a new success period has begun. Spartacus have won the national championship title in 1983 and 1986, and lifted the Hungarian cup trophy in 1988. Beside the domestic hit they also took the EHF Cup Winners' Cup in 1981.
From the nineties the club slowly relapsed and turned into a mid-table team. Parallel to this, their financial potentinal is narrowed and it all ended up in a relegation to the Nemzeti Bajnokság I/B in 2007.
Since they are co-operating with another Budapest-based club, "Pénzügyőr SE", the team is officially known as Pénzügyőr-Spartacus SC.

</doc>
<doc id="30983827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983827" title="The Countess of Monte Cristo">
The Countess of Monte Cristo

The Countess of Monte Cristo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30983834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983834" title="Penn Symons">
Penn Symons

Major-General Sir William Penn Symons KCB (17 July 1843 – 23 October 1899) was a British Army officer who was mortally wounded as he commanded his forces at the Battle of Talana Hill during the Second Boer War. Whilst his forces won the battle they had to abandon their position and fall back to Ladysmith. Symons and the more severely wounded were left to the Boers; he died three days later as a prisoner of war. A monument to his valour was raised in Victoria Park, Saltash, Cornwall, UK.
Early life and family.
William Penn Symons was born on 17 July 1843 at Hatt, Cornwall, the eldest son of William Symons and Caroline Anne (nee Southwell). He was educated privately and commissioned as an Ensign of the 24th Foot (later the South Wales Borderers) on 6 March 1863. He married Jane Caroline (née Hawkins) of Edgbaston on 13 February 1877 but the couple was childless.
Military career.
Symons was promoted to lieutenant on 11 December 1866 and captain on 16 February 1878. His first combat experience was in South Africa during the Ninth Xhosa War (1877–78) where as a captain of the 2nd Battalion of the 24th Foot faced the native Gcaleka and Ngqika tribes led by Chief Mgolombane Sandile. In 1879 he took part in the Zulu war and on 1 July 1881 he obtained his majority.
He then served during the Burmese Expedition (1885–89) being breveted as lieutenant colonel on 26 November 1886 and appointed as Assistant Adjutant General for Musketry in Madras (with the brevet rank of colonel) on 25 November 1887. In 1889 he commanded one of the two columns of the Chin-Lushi Expedition for which he received the Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB).
On 31 September 1891 Symons was promoted to regimental lieutenant colonel where he would command the 2nd Battalion, South Wales Borderers, until being made A.A.G Musketry in Bengal in April 1883. Then in 1894-5 he commanded a brigade during the Waziristan Expedition being promoted to local (brevet) brigadier general on 25 March 1895. In 1898 he was in command of the 2nd Brigade, Tochi Field Force during the Tochi Valley Expedition 1897-98, after which he led the 1st Division in the Tirah Campaign and was awarded the Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) on 20 May 1898.
Second Boer War.
Colonel Symons was given the staff rank of brigadier general and was to be General Officer Commanding of Natal with temporary rank of major general on 15 May 1899; later that year on 20 September his staff rank would be raised to major general and on 9 October to lieutenant general.
When Symons arrived in South Africa there were around ten thousand troops spread between Cape Colony and Natal. He was asked by the War Office to advise on the number of troops required to safely garrison the Natal from the threat of invasion from the Boer Republics of the Transvaal and Orange Free State. His initial estimate was for an extra two thousand troops but he later raised that to five thousand. In the end the Cabinet decided to send ten thousand extra troops but they also appointed Lieutenant General Sir George White to supersede Symons as GOC in Natal.
However, before White arrived at Cape Town Penn Symons (who was known as a "fire eater"), had on his own authority deployed one of his brigades seventy miles north of Ladysmith at a town called Dundee. The position of both Ladysmith and Dundee was precarious as they stand in a triangle of Natal north of the Tugela River with the Orange Free State to the west and the Transvaal to the east. White wanted to recall the Dundee garrison to Ladysmith but because of political pressures from Sir Walter Hely-Hutchinson, the Governor of Natal, he agreed to leave them there. The Boers declared war on 11 October and began crossing the Natal borders the following day.
Battle of Talana Hill.
On 20 October 1899 as dawn broke, men of the Dundee garrison spotted Boer troops on the nearby Talana hill (at ) who proceeded to open fire on the town with their Creusot 75mm guns. Symons was annoyed by the "impudence" of the Boers to attack before breakfast. The British guns moved to return fire as the general surveyed the Boer positions and gave orders to his commanding officers.
Symons believed in old fashioned military tactics of close order, where by concentrating troops on the attack he hoped to smash the Boer defences. The reality was that these formations were not designed to be used against long range bolt action rifles and Symons' brigades would be the first of many in this war to pay the heavy cost of the mistake, as many generals would repeat it. However, his orders for the cavalry commander, Colonel Möller, were less conventional, telling him to act on his own initiative; it would be another costly mistake.
At 7.30am the infantry battalions set off from the east of the town; first the 2nd Battalion Royal Dublin Fusiliers, then the 1st King's Royal Rifle Corps and lastly the 1st Royal Irish Fusiliers (the 1st Royal Leicestershire Regiment were left to guard the camp). The first part of the advance went well and they reached a small wood at the foot of the hill where they found some shelter but beyond the wood there was a wall with a small gap and then open ground. Some of the Dublins were pinned down in a ditch ahead and the Fusiliers were lining the wall to the left. Shortly after 9am Symons rode up to the wood being followed by an aide-de-camp holding up a red pennant, to find out why the attack had stalled. He ordered the men to proceed, rode through the wood and dismounted, then walked through the gap in the wall still being followed by his pennant. After a few moments he returned and was helped to remount his horse. He then rode back from the front lines until he was out of sight from his troops before he asked for assistance from the Indian stretcher bearers as he had been shot in the stomach.
Death.
Symons was taken to the 20th field hospital at Dundee in excruciating pain from a severe wound in his stomach but all that he wanted to know was "have they got the hill?" While the battle was won their position at Dundee quickly became untenable. After a few wasted days Symons' replacement, Brigadier General Yule, decided to abandon the town and the worst-wounded to the Boers and steal away at night to Ladysmith. The next day the town surrendered and Symons became a prisoner of war along with many others. He clearly felt betrayed by Yule and just before he died on 23 October he implored the medical officer, Major Donegan, to "tell everyone I died facing the enemy, tell everyone I died facing the enemy".
Winston Churchill wrote in his telegrams to The Morning Post:
The Durban Light Infantry erected a memorial stone over his grave at Dundee. Another monument to his valour was raised in Victoria Park, Saltash, Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="30983839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983839" title="PhysMath School after A. Shaninyan (Yerevan)">
PhysMath School after A. Shaninyan (Yerevan)

PhysMath school after Artashes Shahinyan at Yerevan State University is a high school located in Yerevan, Armenia. It is one of the leading high schools in Armenia.
Address of the school is Azatutyan ave. 2nd lane, 9, Yerevan, 0037. It was founded in 1965 and celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2005. PhysMath is a specialized school that focuses its attention on mathematics, physics and informatics.

</doc>
<doc id="30983849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983849" title="Bentley Infrastructure 500">
Bentley Infrastructure 500

Bentley Infrastructure 500 is a worldwide ranking of infrastructure owners around the world compiled by the CAD software company Bentley Systems. It was first published in 2010. The index ranks the combined infrastructure assets in the hands of the biggest public and private organisations in the world.
In contrary to the Forbes Global 2000 ranking, the Bentley Infrastructure 500 ranks companies according to their reported tangible fixed assets (or other comparable noncurrent physical assets such as buildings or fixed structures, land, and machinery) - and is a direct measure of the infrastructure owned and operated by an organization. The aim of the ranking is to help global constituents appreciate and explore the magnitude of investment in infrastructure and the potential to continually increase the return on that investment. The Infrastructure 500 index also takes into consideration governments and states.
2010 list.
Infrastructure Value above as measured by reported net tangible fixed assets.
Key findings.
The Bentley Infrastructure 500 index shows little correlation with the Forbes 2000 - showing that the biggest companies in the world are not necessarily the biggest owners of fixed assets.
The 2010 study showed that the combines assets of all the 500 companies add up to US$ 13 trillion, which is equivalent to annual GDP of the United States. Other interesting relations compiled by CAD Analyst

</doc>
<doc id="30983861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983861" title="The Auctioneer">
The Auctioneer

"The Auctioneer" (also known as "The Auctioneer's Song") is a 1956 country song by Leroy Van Dyke. It was co-written with Buddy Black.
The song is notable for its interspersal of auction chants.
Origin.
Van Dyke was inspired to write the song from his own experiences as an auctioneer and those of his second cousin, Ray Sims.
He wrote it while stationed in Korea during the Korean War, and first performed it to troops on the same bill as Marilyn Monroe. After finishing his service, Van Dyke entered the song in a Chicago talent contest. It gained him a record contract with Dot Records. "The Auctioneer" subsequently topped the pop music chart, selling 2.5 million copies.
Storyline.
The song talks of a young Arkansas boy who would skip school and visit a local auction barn. Becoming mesmerized by the auction chant, he decides he wants to be an auctioneer, regularly practicing the chant behind the family barn.
Though his parents are initially unhappy with his career choice, eventually they relent, but (not wanting their family name to be ruined by poor auctioneering skill) they send him to auction school to properly learn the trade.
He returns home a full-fledged auctioneer. Over time, he becomes "the best in all the land", having so much business that he ends up buying "a plane to get around".
Covers.
"The Auctioneer" has been covered by numerous artists, most notably Gordon Lightfoot on his 1980 release, "Dream Street Rose", and by Steve Goodman, who played it live while opening for Steve Martin. It was also included on his posthumous album, "No Big Surprise". In the year 1990, the song was performed by Bert Southwood, in cooperation with Playtown Sound Audio Services.

</doc>
<doc id="30983868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983868" title="Yevgeni Lazarev">
Yevgeni Lazarev

Yevgeni Nikolayevich Lazarev (; born 31 March 1937) is a Russia-born actor. He was born in Minsk.
He graduated from the Moscow Art Theatre school-Studio, and played in the Riga Russian Drama Theatre and Mayakovsky Theatre.
In the 1990s, he left to the US, and appeared Hollywood films such as "The Saint", "The Sum of All Fears", "Lord of War", and "Iron Man 2" (as Anton Vanko) and TV series such as "The West Wing" (Episode: "The Lame Duck Congress"), "Alias", and "24".
He was the professor of the Moscow Art Theatre Studio School and the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts, and was awarded the title of People's Artist of Russia. Since 2003, he has been teaching at the Stella Adler Studio of Acting of Los Angeles and the USC School of Cinematic Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="30983881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983881" title="The Countess of Monte Cristo (1948 film)">
The Countess of Monte Cristo (1948 film)

The Countess of Monte Cristo is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Frederick De Cordova and starring Sonja Henie, Olga San Juan and Dorothy Hart.
Plot Summary.
Right before closing time Karen Kirsten and Jenny Johnsen, who work as waitresses at an Oslo night club, get an offer from the National Studios assistant director Jensen. He promises to make them both famous, and wants to give them screen test auditions. They accept the offer, and the very next day the girls show up at the film studio to try out for roles in the company’s new production ”Countess of Monte Cristo”. There are two roles available: the countess herself and her maid.
However, the director, Mr. Hansen, manage to insult the young women gravely, and they leave the studios in anger, taking one of the studio’s fancy cars as their ride. The costumes they were wearing on the set are still on. They drive to the luxurious Hotel Trollheimen, and use the costumes to lure the management into thinking they really are a countess and her maid. On the outside they encounter army Lt. Paul Von Cram, who is so captivated by their appearance - especially Karen’s - that he offers to carry their suitcases up to their hotel suite. Because of this the two women mistake Paul for a bell-boy.
Paul decides to cancel his imminent date with socialité woman Peg Manning, since he now has his eyes set on Karen. He then sends Karen a note at the hotel, asking her to meet ”a lieutenant” at the hotel bar. Karen is intrigued by this and has no idea that it is Paul she is meeting. She makes a make-shift dress out of the curtains in the suite and goes down to meet the lieutenant. Arriving at the bar she instantly realises her earlier mistake.
Jenny discovers that they have been listed as thieves and wanted refugees from the law in a newspaper article. In a desperate attempt to hide this from the people at the hotel she buys every available newspaper she can find.
When the police enters the suite the next morning the two women are surprised, since instead of arresting them, the police informs them that a known thief has stolen from other guests at the same hotel during the night. The hotel manager also wants them to make a list of their belongings, to see if something is missing and possibly replace it. Karen and Jenny discuss what they are to put on their ”shopping list”, when the thief, Count Holgar, reveals himself to them. Holgar has been hiding in their room while the police searched the hotel.
It turns out Holgar has seen the newspaper article and the photos of Karen and Jenny. He blackmails them to put additional items on their list of lost belongings to get him some money. If they don’t do what he says he will reveal their true identities to the hotel management. He also wants them to follow him to the other side of the country to pull the same trick in another hotel, since he thinks the idea is brilliant. 
Karen and Jenny are horrified by what they have gotten into, but can see no way out of the fix at the moment. They get new belongings from the hotel management and go outside to try and come up with a plan.
When they are at an ice-skating rink they bump into Paul and Peg. Paul, still smitten by Karen, asks her to join him on the ice, and lets go of the offended Peg. Karen and Paul are so good at skating together that they win a tryout to the big ice show the very next day. Karen is infatuated by Paul and after he gives her a small token of affection, simple brooch without real value he claims to have inherited, they kiss.
When Karen returns to the hotel Holgar sees the brooch and recognizes it instantly. He claims it has been part of the famous Von Havenmeier jewel collection. Holgar assumes Paul has stolen the brooch but doesn’t tell the girls about his suspicions. He just makes them promise to leave the rink right after the ice show, since they must be on their way. 
The police finds out that Karen and Jenny are frauds living at the hotel, and that the thief Holgar is with them. They inform the hotel manager, but he agrees to let them perform at the highly popular ice show before they are arrested. The women decide to escape together with Holgar before the show ends. Karen talks to Paul and tells him to meet up with them.
In the evening Karen and Paul perform at the ice show. Jensen and Hansen are also attending the show and scouting for talent. When they see Karen they consider her their new big star. During a short pause in the show, Karen and Holgar meet Paul. The two men get into a dispute and Paul chases Holgar away, threatening to beat him up.
Paul confesses to Karen that he is no jewel thief, but the true air to Von Havenmeier and the family fortune. The police arrive to arrest Karen, but Paul convinces them the whole set-up was a publicity stunt for the release of the studio’s latest film. He offers to pay the bills the women have worked up. Paule then admits to Karen that he was on to her from the very beginning. He tells her that he loves her, and they finish the isce show, skating together.

</doc>
<doc id="30983886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983886" title="Rue Huvelin">
Rue Huvelin

Rue Huvelin (), is a street located east of Beirut Central District in the neighborhood of Achrafieh. The street is named after Paul Huvelin, a French legal historian who founded the law school of the Université Saint-Joseph in Beirut in 1913. The street was home to the campus of the Petit Collège and Grand Collège of Collège Notre Dame de Jamhour before relocating in the 1950s to the mountain town of Jamhour, Lebanon.
Rue Huvelin is a one-way street that runs east-west from Rue du Liban towards Rue Monnot, intersecting Rue Petro Trad. Some landmarks nearby are the historic Campus of Social Sciences of the Université Saint-Joseph and the Saint-Joseph Jesuit Church. The street is considered an extension of Rue Monnot's vibrant bar and restaurant scene although on a lower scale with mainly affordable student hangouts such as, Bistrot Germanos.
In Film.
Rue Huvelin is a Lebanese movie initiated, written and produced by Maroun Nassar, a veteran of the student movement.
Directed by Mounir Maasri, Rue Huvelin was the filming location of a band of students fighting against the Syrian occupation in Lebanon.
The movie was slightly censored for its release in Lebanon in November 2011, after it has toured at international Film Festivals: Moscow, Montreal and Sao Paulo.
Rue Huvelin’s DVD is now available and sold in its integral version.

</doc>
<doc id="30983887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983887" title="Raspicious Dzanjalimodzi">
Raspicious Dzanjalimodzi

Raspicious Dzanjalimodzi was the MCP shadow Finance Minister and MP for Lilongwe City South West in Malawi. He was the spokesperson for the finance division of the MCP.

</doc>
<doc id="30983898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983898" title="The Sun (Nigeria)">
The Sun (Nigeria)

The Daily Sun is a Nigerian daily print newspaper founded and published in Ikeja, Lagos, Nigeria.
As of 2011 "The Sun" had a daily print run of 130,000 copies, and 135,000 for weekend titles, with an average of 80% sales.
This made "The Sun" the highest selling newspaper in Nigeria.
The "Daily Sun" was incorporated on 29 March 2001. It started production as a weekly on 18 January 2003, and as a daily on 16 June 2003. The target audience is young adults in the 18 – 45 years age bracket and in the B and C social economic class.
The paper attempts to offer quality information. It is similar in format to the popular Sun newspaper of the United Kingdom.
The chairman of the publishing house is Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu, a former governor of Abia State.
The first Managing Director/Editor-in-Chief was Mike Awoyinfa.
In January 2010 there was a shake-up in which Tony Onyima succeeding Awoyinfa, and the original deputy editor, Dimgba Igwe, was replaced by Femi Adesina.
Awoyinfa and Igwe remained as directors on the company’s board.

</doc>
<doc id="30983902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983902" title="Rita Bhaduri">
Rita Bhaduri

Rita Bhaduri is an Indian film and now television actress. She initially appeared as supporting actress in various Bollywood films during the 1970s, 1980s, & 1990s. Currently, she works as television actor, playing the role of biji in "Bani - Ishq Da Kalma" on "Colors" and in "Rishtey". She is most known for films like "Sawan Ko Aane Do" a 1979 Rajshri Productions film, and "Raja" (1995) for which she received a Filmfare Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. She acted as a singer of Julie (1975) song YEH RATIEN NAYI PURANI.
She is from 1973 batch of the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune and her batch included actress, Zarina Wahab.
Filmography.
Rita Bhaduri has been associated with the Gujarati Film Industry. Even though not from Gujarati origin, she has been one of the exceptionally successful actresses in the Gujarati film industry.
Film.
Actress (71 titles)

</doc>
<doc id="30983922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983922" title="Malhara (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Malhara (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Malhara Vidhan Sabha constituency (formerly, Malehra) () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state, but it was abolished in 1956. It again came into existence in 1961, following delimitation of the legislative assembly constituencies.
Overview.
Malhara (constituency number 53) is one of the 6 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Chhatarpur district. This constituency covers the entire Bada Malhara tehsil, Bakswaha nagar panchayat and part of Bijawar tehsil of the district.
Malhara is part of Damoh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Deori, Rehli and Banda in Sagar district and Pathariya, Damoh, Jabera and Hatta in Damoh district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As from a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As from a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30983925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983925" title="Brsjak Revolt">
Brsjak Revolt

The Brsjak Revolt (, Brsjačka buna) was an uprising in 1880-1881, in areas of Demir Hisar, Poreče and Kičevo in present-day Macedonia. The leaders of the uprising were local Chetnik: Ilija Delija, Rista Kostadinovich, Micko Krstich and Andjelko Tanasovich. 
After the Serbo-Turkish war in 1876-78, the assembling of 65 of the most notable men of the districts of Kumanovo, Kriva Palanka, Kočani, Štip, Veles, Prilep, Bitola, Ohrid, Kičevo and Skopje sent an appeal to the Serbian commander of Macedonian volunteers (Serbo-Turkish war) M.S. Milojevic, asking for the arming and leading towards an insurrection. 
In 1880, the populations of the counties Kičevo, Poreče, Bitola and Prilep engaged in a 6-month long uprising that ended in failure. 

</doc>
<doc id="30983932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983932" title="David B. Massey">
David B. Massey

David Bradley Massey (born August 24, 1959) is an American mathematician. He completed both his undergraduate studies and his doctoral research work at Duke University, receiving his Ph.D. in 1986 for his results in the area of complex analytic singularities under the direction of William L. Pardon. 
In 1988, he was awarded a National Science Foundation Postdoctoral Research Fellowship, and went to conduct research on singularities at Northeastern University. In 1991, he assumed a regular faculty position in the Mathematics Department at Northeastern. He has remained at Northeastern University ever since, where he is now a Full Professor. 
He has published 32 research-level papers and two research-level books and written two introductory calculus textbooks. 
In the fall of 2008, Massey founded the Worldwide Center of Mathematics, which is an independent research and learning center for mathematics located in Cambridge, MA.

</doc>
<doc id="30983941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983941" title="Girish Tiwari (Girda)">
Girish Tiwari (Girda)

Girish Chandra Tewari "Girda" (गिरीश चन्द्र तिवारी 'गिर्दा') (10 September 1945 – 22 August 2010) was a scriptwriter, director, lyricist, singer, poet, organic culturist, literary writer, and social activist in Uttarakhand, India.
Early life.
Born on 10 September 1945 in the village of Jyoli near Hawalbag in Almora District of Uttarakhand, he attended school at the Government Inter College in Almora and later schooling at Nainital. After meeting renowned lyricist and writer Late Brijendra Lal Sah, he realized his potential for creativity.
At the age of twenty-one, Girda met social activists at Lakheempur Khiri and got influenced by their work in the society. These meetings at such a tender age changed the life path of Girda and made him a creative writer and a social activist. He has been associated with the famed “Chipko Movement and later with the Uttarakhand Andolan.
Career.
Girda has directed famous plays like “Andha Yug”, “Andher Nagri”, “Thank you Mr. Glad” and “Bharat Durdasha”. Girda has written plays including “Nagare Khamosh Hain” and “Dhanush Yagya”. Girda edited “Shikharon ke Swar” in 1969, and later “Hamari Kavita ke Ankhar” and “Rang Dari Dio Albelin Main”. His latest compilation of poems and songs specially focusing “Uttarakhand Andolan” and “Uttarakhand Kavya” was published in 2002.
He took voluntary retirement from the post of instructorship in the Song and Drama Division of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, and thereafter joined the Uttarakhand movement, and took to full-time creative writing. He was one of the founders and member of the editorial board of PAHAR, a Nainital-based organisation involved with promotion of Himalayan culture.
Bedupako, the folk genome tank of Uttarakhand has published a small collection of Poem's in original voice of this legendary personality. 
He died on August 22, 2010, after a brief illness and was survived by his wife Hemlata Tiwari, two sons and a daughter in law.
Legacy.
Pahar group (http://www.pahar.org) is compiling a book – “Girda Samarga” – which includes hundreds of his creative writings, songs, poems, essays etc.

</doc>
<doc id="30983953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983953" title="Maria Kuryluk">
Maria Kuryluk

Maria (Mia) Kuryluk, 24 December 1917–1 January 2001, was a poet, writer, translator, and amateur pianist. She was first married to Teddy Gleich (1912–1946), then to Karol Kuryluk (1910–1967). She was the mother of Ewa Kuryluk and Piotr Kuryluk (1950–2004).
Biography.
Maria Kuryluk, called Mia by her family and friends, was born Miriam Kohany in an assimilated Jewish family in Bielsko-Biała, Silesia, and died in Warsaw. She was the eldest daughter of the merchant Herman Kohany (1882–1942) who perished in the Holocaust under unknown circumstances, and Paulina Kohany, née Raaber (1882–1942), a porcelain designer in her youth, who was killed along with her younger daughter Hilde Kohany (1920–1942) in Treblinka. Miriam’s older brother Oscar survived the war in the Soviet Union and in 1950 emigrated with his family from Poland to Israel.
Before World War II.
All members of the Kohany family were bilingual, fluent in German and Polish, and both parents and their daughters played piano. Miriam Kohany also had a good command of French and Russian, and was an avid reader of poems and novels. Her favorite authors were Goethe, Hölderlin, Kleist, Pushkin and Thomas Mann. After graduating from a Protestant German high school for girls in Bielsko, she held clerical jobs and was involved in the Zionist Youth Movement. She also gave small piano concerts, participated in theatrical performances and was, not unlike her younger sister Hilde, a cinema fan. Miriam greatly admired the actress Erika Mann and became acquainted with her when Mann’s famous anti-fascist cabaret "Die Pfeffermühle" toured Silesia.
World War II.
Shortly after World War II started in September 1939, Miriam Kohany fled with her husband and elder brother from Bielsko-Biała to Lvov (today Lviv in the Ukraine) with a group of young people, dispersed on the way. By the time she arrived in Lvov the city had been annexed by the Soviets. Nothing is known about the following two years of Miriam’s whereabouts under the Soviet occupation, except that she continued writing poetry. In 1942 Miriam Kohany escaped from the Lvov ghetto and survived, as did her husband Teddy Gleich, on the Aryan side with the help of Karol Kuryluk, a member of the resistance.
While in hiding from 1942 to 1944, Miriam Kohany joined the underground and worked for clandestine news and publishing services. She kept writing poetry, made notes about Heinrich von Kleist and began a novel about her family, disguised as the family of Lena and Robert Buch. In 1944, with the Red Army closing on Lvov, she acted as liaison and ventured into the for-Germans-only parts of the city distributing leaflets calling on Wehrmacht soldiers to desert.
After World War II.
In August 1944 Karol Kuryluk became the editor-in-chief of “Odrodzenie” (“The Renaissance”), a cultural magazine first published in Lublin, later in Cracow and Warsaw—and Maria Kuryluk became responsible for the magazine’s correspondence, tracking down contributors all over Europe. Her job’s difficulty is evidenced by the military censorship stamp on the envelope of André Malraux’s letter of 4 August 1945, responding to Maria Kuryluk’s request to contribute an excerpt of his novel to “Odrodzenie”.
Towards the end of the war Maria Kuryluk switched from writing in German to writing in Polish. Her first book "Jędrek i Piotr," a short novel about war orphans she had taken care of in Cracow, was serialized in “Odrodzenie” and published in Warsaw in 1946. Unpublished, however, remained her principle early work, a long wartime memoirs with autobiographical elements entitled "Zdzisław Bieliński" (ca. 1946): the name of a Lvov doctor who saved Jews along with his wife Zofia Bielińska. Doctor Bieliński was killed in 1945 by radicals of the Polish nationalist underground. The Bieliński couple was later declared as Righteous among the Nations of the World by Yad Vashem, but their heroic deeds became known in detail only recently, when Ewa Kuryluk discovered and published excerpts from her mother’s memoirs in her novel Frascati (2009).
In the fall of 1946, soon after the birth of her daughter Ewa in May, the Kielce Pogrom in July, and the sudden and still-unexplained death of Teddy Gleich in August, Maria Kuryluk fell into deep depression and developed schizophrenia. She decided to stay in hiding and to keep her war identity of Maria Grabowska, born in the town of Zbaraż, where her husband Karol Kuryluk was born. In mid-1950s, despite the challenges of raising two young children, and her poor health, she enrolled at the faculty of German at Poznań University, but did not complete her M.A. thesis on Thomas Mann’s novels.
In the years 1956–58, when Karol Kuryluk was minister of culture, Mia Kuryluk played a decisive role in bringing Western art and artists to Poland. She hosted Vivien Leigh, Laurence Olivier, Gerard Philipe and Yves Montand at their modest apartment on Frascati Street. In January 1959, when Karol Kuryluk was appointed Polish ambassador to Austria, she moved with her husband and children to Vienna. In Austria her health deteriorated and she was repeatedly confined to a psychiatric clinic. Yet she still pursued her literary and artistic interests, reestablished contact with Erika Mann, befriended the writer and pacifist Adrienne Thomas, and translated poetry by Erich Fried, Ingeborg Bachmann, Thomas Bernhard.
After her husband’s sudden death in 1967 Mia Kuryluk supplemented her meager pension by giving private German and French lessons, working as librarian at the Austrian Institute in Warsaw, and advising Polish publishers on contemporary German and Austrian literature. She continued translating Austrian and German poetry until her death.
Mia Kuryluk is buried with her husband Karol and her son Piotr at the Warsaw Powązki Cemetery in a tomb designed by Ewa Kuryluk.
Literary work.
Maria Kuryluk’s short stories, journalism and translations into Polish were published in the magazines “Odrodzenie”, “Nowa Kultura” and “Zeszyty Literackie”. Miriam Kohany’s writings in German, an impressive amount of prose fragments and over one hundred poems written before and during World War II, constitute a tragic testimony of a hidden life. This body of work was only recently rediscovered by Ewa Kuryluk, and still remains to be published. Miriam Kohany’s earliest poems go back to 1936. Some deal with love and the beauty of nature. Most address, however, philosophical and political themes, and their mood is dark. Hitler, the Führer, is called the terrible Verführer (seducer) of the German people, and the future is foreboding.
Ewa Kuryluk has commemorated her mother in her autobiographical novels "Goldi" (2004) and "Frascati" (2009), and in her textile installations "Yellow Birds Fly" (2001), "Taboo" (2005) and "Triptych on Yellow Background" (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="30983958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983958" title="Monte Cairo">
Monte Cairo

Monte Cairo (1,669 m ) is a mountain in Lazio (in the province of Frosinone), overshadowing both the Abbey and the town of Monte Cassino, 5 kilometres to the south.
Features.
The ancient 'Mons Clarius' was so called because originally a temple dedicated to Apollo (Clarius) stood where the Abbey of Monte Cassino now stands. The Monte Cairo is the main peak of an isolated mountain range that extends eastwards for about 16-18 km from the Alta Valle del Melfa, the road from Rome to Naples.
The geological structure is of limestone dating from the Cretaceous period and the formation often experiences violent earthquakes and subsidence. The tops of the mountains are barren, in contrast to the partially wooded sides. At an altitude of 1300 m and west of Monte Cairo lies the Monte Pozzacone Refuge, a property owned by the town of Colle San Magno and a suitable base for climbing to the top of Monte Cairo. Other peaks of the group include the Monte Obachelle (1476 metres) where there is a significant Karstic sinkhole, the Pizzo di Prato Caselle (1372 metres), and the Cimmaron Villaneto (1315 m).
Ascent of Monte Cairo.
The top of the mountain is a 4 hour hike along a path through beech groves and across a plateau of snow.
The vista from the top includes Appennino Marsicano (Monti Marsicani), the Mainarde, the Monti della Meta, the Matese, the sea up to Gaeta, the Pontine Islands, Mount Vesuvius and the Abbey of Montecassino.

</doc>
<doc id="30983964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983964" title="Zygmunt Białostocki">
Zygmunt Białostocki

Zygmunt Białostocki (August 15, 1897 – c. 1942) was a Polish Jewish musician. He composed many popular Polish pre-war songs, and worked as conductor and a première pianist in Warsaw between the World Wars.
Białostocki was born in Białystok, Poland. Between 1925–1930 he worked as music director and conductor in the Municipal Theatre in Lodz. Later he moved to Warsaw, where he worked in “revue-theaters” and cabarets (within what is known in Yiddish as kleynkunst), including "Perskie Oko", "Morskie Oko", "Nowy Momus", and "Nowy Ananas".
He worked with the lyricist Zenon Friedwald (Zenon Frivald-Vardan). His song "M’ken nisht tsvingen tsu keyn libe" was popularized by the film actor and singer Eugeniusz Bodo in the Polish version called "Nie można kogoś zmuszać do miłości". His tango "Rebeka", built on Chasidic motifs and sung by Chasidic Jews as zmiros was popular in nightclubs, coffee houses and restaurants across Warsaw between the wars. The lyrics is by Andrzej Włast; the song was first recorded by Zofia Terne (1932) and premiered at the Morskie Oko cabaret by Dora Kalinówna.
In 1932 he was the music director and composer of the score for "Biała trucizna (White Venom)" movie. In 1933 he worked as accompanist in the Warsaw "Nowy Momus" and "Oasis" cabarets, in the Warsaw-Prague "Perskie Oko" cabaret and in the Warsaw "Nowy Ananas" theater. His musical comedy called "Miłość i złoto (Love and gold)", written with Józef Haftman, opened in December 1933 at the "Teatr 8:30".
Apart from "Rebeka", Białostocki's other "szlagiery" (hits) included:
- foxtrots: "Ach, te Rumunki", "Katiusza", "Andriusza", "Ecie-pecie" (lyrics by himself);
- tangos: "Jesienne marzenia", "Andrusowskie tango", "Pomalutku, po cichutku" (lyrics by Andrzej Włast), "Szczęście trzeba rwać jak świeże wiśnie" and "Zoboth" (lyrics by W. Jastrzębiec).
and "Choć goło lecz wesoło" (lyrics by Alexander Jellin), "Nasze kawalerskie", "Noc jesienna" (lyrics by Zbigniew Drabik Argus, 1936), "Na dnie serca", "Nie można zmuszać do miłości", "Pieśń o matce (Song about mother)" (lyrics by Tadeusz Zeromski and Jerzy Wrzos, sung by Stefan Witas, 1933),
His wife Sofia was also a composer.
After the German invasion on Poland in 1939 the Białostockis were forced to live in German-ordered ghetto in Warsaw. They are mentioned about in Stanisław Adler's Warsaw ghetto memoir.
Zygmunt Białostocki was murdered by Germans during the liquidation of the Warsaw ghetto, most probably in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="30983970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983970" title="Botswana Wild Dog Research Project">
Botswana Wild Dog Research Project

Founded as the Botswana Wild Dog Research Project in 1989, the Botswana Predator Conservation Trust (BPCT) has expanded to cover all the large carnivore species in Botswana. It is one of the longest running large predator research projects in Africa and one of only a handful of its caliber worldwide. BPCT research on wild dogs has made it abundantly clear that the health and welfare of the entire predator population is a key indication of overall health of the ecosystem. The Government of Botswana, also acknowledging that appropriate and necessary resource management cannot be undertaken in the absence of accurate information about its natural resources, has entrusted BPCT with the task of leading northern Botswana's conservation and research initiatives on all large carnivores and their associated habitats. The Okavango Delta, where most of BPCT's research takes place, is a freshwater wetland of global importance. It is the largest Ramsar (International Convention on Wetlands) site on Earth and was granted IUCN world heritage status by the World Conservation Union (IUCN).

</doc>
<doc id="30983977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983977" title="William Brownie Garden">
William Brownie Garden

William Brownie Garden (December 2, 1869 – 1960) was a Scottish inventor and entrepreneur. He is probably best known for his invention of the "revolving blackboard". Up until his death at age 90, in 1960, the ‘Inventor’ still worked at his own bench in the factory, from which came innovations like an improved saw which cut ten times quicker than any other, and an eight-wheeled car for faster cornering. For relaxation he produced scores of beautifully carved walking sticks, which he presented free to the older townspeople. His mind roamed the entire mechanical firmament. He was a dreamer with the most practical of brains, who, even in his youth, foresaw the future by drawing tentative plans for a vertical take-off aero engine.
‘Wullie Gairden’ as he was known locally had six children, two sons and four daughters of which two sons William and John and daughter Mary joined the firm. As well as being a Master Joiner he was a genius for invention.
Business.
William Brownie Garden was a Master Joiner and in 1904 he set up his own joinery business. His company, Wilson & Garden, Ltd., was founded in Kilsyth, Scotland. The main product was the rollerboard.
Wilson & Garden became a limited company in 1923 as ‘Builders and Joiners’. At this time they were also the local undertakers. As the demand for the roller boards increased in the early 1950s the focus of the company switched from property building to the manufacture of the roller boards and by the late 1950s the building side ceased altogether.
The company was taken over by Untralon Holdings in 2005. In 2008 the company became Spaceright Europe, Ltd.
Inventions.
Infinitely variable gear box.
In 1955 he decided that cars didn’t need a clutch, a gear lever, or brakes, and took out a provisional patent on what he described as his ‘Infinitely variable gear Box’. Motor engineers, who checked the plans, pronounced the invention foolproof and gave their opinion that it could be mass-produced quite cheaply.
The method was that, on the movement of a lever, the car would glide away from rest to full speed. Moving the lever back would bring the car to a halt, the engine acting as a break; the lever moved further back would put the car in reverse.
Skid proofing vehicles.
At one time he set his mind to the problem of combating the hazards of driving on icy roads, and patented a device to make vehicles skid proof. It was fitted to one of the firm’s Lorries and tried out on the severest of days. It was a complete success, the vehicle just refused to lose adhesion, but having proved his point, his interest waned and the project wasn’t pursued. Having successfully solved one problem, he couldn’t wait to get to the next.
Totalisator.
Around 1929 another of his inventions was the ‘Totalisator’ for racetracks. This ‘Tote’ was an automatic system for registering bets, and working out the odds on winners according to the extent to which they have been backed. Tickets for bets in variable amounts are issued, and after percentage deductions for expenses, the total sum received is divided among the backers of winning or placed horses, in accordance with the odds offered.
Revolving Blackboard.
Perhaps his most practical invention was the Revolving Surface Writing Board, or rollerboard, in 1911.
Originally instigated by Mr. McCubbin the rector of Kilsyth Academy, who had drawn ‘Wullie Gairden’s attention to the limitations of the old slate blackboard with its necessity for constant cleaning. Small teachers had to stand on boxes to reach the top of the slate board and tall teachers had to stoop to reach the bottom of the board. “Couldn’t you do something about that?” he asked, and the challenge was enough for him.
Using the roller towel principle, and substituting a specially treated fabric for slate, the first of the now internationally known revolving boards was created. The original prototype is still in use today.
The largest board of all is in Oxford University in the Clarendon Laboratory, a giant over 20 feet high.

</doc>
<doc id="30983989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983989" title="Santa Maria River Fault">
Santa Maria River Fault

Santa Maria River Fault is a tectonic fault that roughly corresponds with the Santa Maria River in Santa Barbara County, USA, but veers south towards Santa Ynez. It passes just north of the city of Santa Maria, California, and lies south of the potentially dangerous Hosgri fault and newly discovered Shoreline Fault. To the south lies the Santa Ynez Fault system, of which this fault is thought to have the potential to interact with. 

</doc>
<doc id="30984011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984011" title="Walter Horatio Wilson">
Walter Horatio Wilson

Walter Horatio Wilson (15 July 1839 – 28 February 1902) was a lawyer and politician who was on the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1885 until 1902.
Wilson was born at Rhos-y-Medre, Ruabon, Denbighshire, Wales and arrived in Victoria (Australia) in 1853. In 1865 he was admitted a solicitor of the Supreme Court of Queensland, and practises in Brisbane. Having been called to the Queensland Legislative Council in July 1885, he succeeded T. M. Patterson as Postmaster-General in the Samuel Griffith Government in August 1887, retiring with his colleagues in June 1888.
Wilson was leader of the council from 1890 to 1894 and 1898, minister without portfolio 1890 to 1893 and 1894 to 1898, postmaster-general 1893 to 1894 and 1898, secretary for public instruction 1893 to 1894 and 1899 and minister of justice from 1898 to 1899. Wilson was a supporter of Federation and was responsible for the standard of time bill in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="30984015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984015" title="Trans-Java toll road">
Trans-Java toll road

Trans-Java toll road is a proposed toll road across Java from Merak in the western Java province of Banten to Banyuwangi in East Java. The total length of Trans-Java toll road including its complement is more than 1,000 kilometers. Trans-Java toll road is the part of Asian Highway 2 from Denpasar, Indonesia to Khosravi, Kermanshah, Iran.
Background.
Two centuries ago (1810–1825), the Dutch East Indies colonial government designed De Groote Postweg or Great Post Road stretching 1,000 kilometers from Anyer in the current Banten province to Panarukan in Situbondo, East Java. More recently, the Indonesian government launched the construction of a Trans-Java toll road estimated to stretch over 1,200 km from Anyer to Banyuwangi at the tip of East Java.
Map.
This is the full map of Trans-Java toll road on 2012.
Merak-Tangerang Toll Road.
The length of toll road is 72.45 kilometers.
Although has been operated since 1981, the toll road is still in loss condition due to not achieved predicted traffic as planned. After acquisition, Astratel Nusantara has owned the concession of the toll road.
In January 2012, one meter deep floods had affected the toll road at kilometer 58 and 59 making the road impassable to trucks, so a reroute has been done causing traffic jams up to 35 kilometers.
Although the floods was already gone, but several villages below the toll road still in flood and about 2,000 refugees occupied the shoulder of the toll road.
Tangerang-Jakarta Toll Road.
The length of toll road is 33 kilometers.
Has been fully operated by Jasa Marga.
In January 2011, the total number of vehicles passing Tangerang-Jakarta Toll Road achieved more than 250,000 per day. Concerning worsening congestion, the road are widening to 3 lanes and predicted will be finished in September 2011.
Jakarta Inner & Outer Ring Toll Road.
Jakarta Inner Ring Toll Road is not connected directly (through non-toll road) with Tangerang-Jakarta Toll Road at Tomang, but connected directly with Jakarta-Cikampek Toll Road at Cawang/Halim. The length is 50.6 kilometers. Operated by PT Citra Marga Nusaphala Persada (IDX:CMNP) and PT Jasa Marga with revenue portion 55 percent and 45 percent respectively. In 2010 PT CMNP got 93 percent of the company revenue from this toll road.
Wether Jakarta Outer Ring Toll Road (JORR) connected with Tangerang-Jakarta Toll Road at Kebun Jeruk and connected with Jakarta-Cikampek Toll Road at Cikunir. JORR is a 7-section toll road and spanning 65 kilometers.
Section Jakarta Outer Ring Road section-West1 (JORR-W1) Penjaringan-Kebun Jeruk has been operated by PT Nusantara Infrastructure Tbk (IDX:META) and the rest by PT Jasa Marga.
JORR-W2 Kebun Jeruk-Ulujami toll road is almost 8 kilometers length and has 4 sections, Section-1 is 1.95 kilometers length from Kebun Jeruk (Kembangan) to South Meruya, Section-2 1.50 is kilometer length from South Meruya to Joglo, Section-3 is 2.35 kilometers length Joglo to Ciledug and Section-4 is 2.07 kilometers length from Ciledug to Ulujami. Concession of JORR-W2 is held by PT Marga Lingkar Jaya with share composition of PT Jasa Marga Tbk and PT Jakarta Marga Jaya a subsidiary of PT Jakarta Propertindo (Jakpro) a local-state owned company, 65 and 35 percent respectively. Section-1, section-2 and section-3 of the JORR-W2 from Kebun Jeruk to Ciledug is opened on December 27, 2013, so it connected with JORR-W1 Kebun Jeruk-Penjaringan, while JORR-W2 section-4 from Ciledug to Ulujami is still under construction. The rest of the toll road is predicted will be finished in June 2014 and fully operated before Eid 2014 and can serve about 100,000 vehicles per day and also will ease about 30 percent congestion of Jakarta Inner Ring Toll Road. Koja-Tanjung Priok Port Toll Road consists of 5 sub-sections and predicted will be fully operated in mid-2015:
To reduce traffic jams, a Minister Decree has been launched to prohibit 5 tonnes trucks and above through Cawang-Semanggi-Pluit segments from 05:00am to 10:00pm.
To make traffic balance between both directions and to reduce congestion along the toll road between Cawang and Taman Ria Senayan during the morning rush hour, contraflow is implemented from Kilometer 1.700 of the toll road, located in front of Carrefour to Kilometer 8.600 in front of Taman Ria Senayan on weekdays between 6 a.m. and 10 a.m. The entry to the reversed lane at Kilometer 1.700 and exit way is only at Kilometer 8.600 from July 2, 2012.
Initial June 5, 2014 all trucks with 10 tonnes weight and above are not allowed to use Jakarta Inner Ring Toll Road of 15 kilometers segment Cawang-Tanjung Priok and 15 kilometers segment of Plumpang-Jembatan Tiga to avoid early damage of flying toll road construction and inline with operation of a part of Jakarta Outer Ring Toll Road in Cilincing.
Jakarta-Cikampek Toll Road.
Has been fully operated by Jasa Marga. The west part of toll road near Jakarta consists of 4 lanes and 3 lanes for other direction. The most profitable toll road, although launched after Jagorawi Toll Road and Jakarta-Tangerang Toll Road above.
PT Lippo Cikarang Tbk (IDX:LPCK) and PT Kawasan Industri Jababeka Tbk (IDX:KIJA) have given a new tollroad gate (Cibatu Gate) at km 34.700 with 1.5 kilometers access road to their areas to Jasa Marga and then the tollroad gate has been officially opened on April 5, 2014. The previous gate will still function is located at km 28.0. Jakarta-Cikampek Toll Road known as the most congested toll road because its connects Jakarta and several Industrial cities like Bekasi and Karawang. Also the main routes to go to Bandung and access North Coast Road ("Jalur Pantura"). In Jakarta-Cikampek Toll Road, PT. Jasamarga got over 2 Billion Rupiah (2 hundred thousand us dollars) a day.
Cikampek-Palimanan Toll Road.
The 116 kilometers length of Cikampek-Palimanan toll road would run through Cikopo (Cikampek), Kalijati, Subang, Cikedung, Kertajati, Sumberjaya and Palimanan with investment Rp.12.8 trillion ($1.0 billion).
Investor is PT Surya Semesta Internusa Tbk (IDX: SSIA) with its subsidiary of PT Lintas Marga Sedaya. It has groundbreaked on December 8, 2011 after got commitment from 8 national and international banks for project funds. At end of February 2014, all land acquisition has been done and 17 percent of construction of all sections have been finished. It predicted to be operated at mid of 2015 and cut traditional route via North Coast Road (Java) from Cikampek to Cirebon from 3.5 hours to 1.5 hours. If it has been operated, so from Merak to Kanci (below) will all of toll road.
Palimanan-Kanci Toll Road.
The length of toll road is 26.3 kilometers.
Has been fully operated by Jasa Marga.
Kanci-Pejagan Toll Road.
The toll road has been fully operated since 2011 by PT Bakrie Toll Road, a subsidiary of PT Bakrieland Development Tbk (IDX:ELTY), but since December 2012 the shares have been sold to MNC Group.
Entry and Exit Gates to both directions at Ciledug will be built as insisted of surrounding people, although the access road to the gates is only class IIIC.
Pejagan-Pemalang Toll Road.
Concession by PT Bakrie Toll Road owned by Aburizal Bakrie, but since December 2012 the shares have been sold to MNC Group. The length of toll road is 57.5 kilometers with investment about Rp.5.5 trillion. Until February 2012, the Toll Road land acquisition reach 86,91% for section I and 90,95% for section II.
Pemalang-Batang Toll Road.
Land acquisition for all Pemalang-Batang Toll Road at early February 2012 was only 1.63 percent.
A concession by PT Pemalang Batang Toll Road with total length of 39 kilometers. Investment is about Rp.4.0 trillion.
Batang-Semarang Toll Road.
Concession by PT Bakrie Toll Road owned by Aburizal Bakrie, but since December 2012 the shares have been sold to MNC Group. The length of toll road is 75 kilometers with cost Rp.7.21 trillion ($0.8 billion). It consists of five sections and as of February 2011 land acquisition of Section-1 was 62 percent, whether the others none.
The concession by PT Bakrie Toll Road is on dispute due to PT Bakrie Toll Road only yet pay the first installment from six installment to the previous owner concession. For temporary the project is halted until the dispute is resolved. Re-evaluation have been completed and all other 23 projects from 24 projects will start signing their contract amendments, except for Batang-Semarang toll road.
On October 2011, due to there are no significant progress, Toll Road Management Body (Badan Pengatur Jalan Tol - BPJT) will decide whether the project is default or not and PT Jasa Marga has intention to continue the project. Land acquisition for all Batang-Semarang Toll Road at early February 2012 was only 4.08 percent.
Semarang-Solo Toll Road.
75.7 kilometers length. Land acquisition at the end of 2011, Section Ungaran-Bawen was 93 percent, wether Section Bawen-Solo is still under feasibility studies, so land acquisition for all Semarang-Solo Toll Road at early February 2012 was only 26.84 percent. Although all of land acquisitions not yet finished, the road construction has been commenced, due to construction is follows land acquisition. It will be operated by PT Trans Marga Jateng, a join company between PT Sarana Pembangunan Jawa Tengah and PT Jasa Marga (IDX:JSMR) Tbk. with share composition 40 and 60 percent respectively.
Semarang-Solo toll road section E1 (Tembalang-Ungaran) of 11.1 kilometers has been in trial operated since August 20, 2011 for free, but only for small vehicles. Finally section E1 has officially been inaugurated for commercial operation on November 12, 2011.
To ease traffic in Lebaran Holiday 2013, the Ungaran-Bawen toll road has been opened for free, but temporarily, although the toll road is not yet ready 100 percent. Semarang-Solo Section-II (Ungaran-Bawen) with length 11.95 kilometers finally formally was opened on 4 April 2014.
Solo-Kertosono Toll Road.
Soker Toll Road is part of Trans Java Toll Road System, where in the west it connects to Semarang-Solo Toll Road, and in the east it connects to Kertosono-Mojokerto Toll Road. Administratively, Soker Toll Road with a total length of 177.12 km comprise two segments, segment Solo-Mantingan-Ngawi and segment Ngawi-Kertosono. The length of Solo-Mantingan-Ngawi toll road is 90.1 kilometer, while the length of Ngawi-Kertosono is 87.02 kilometer. Hence, in the beginning, Soker Toll Road was designed as two separate toll roads. However, during its tender process, no investors showed interest in bidding these two toll roads except one bidder, which is PT Thiess Contractors Indonesia. In June 28, 2011, Toll Road Concession Agreement (PPJT) amendment has been signed in Jakarta. With this concession agreement, segment Solo-Mantingan-Ngawi will be under PT Solo-Ngawi Jaya, while segment Ngawi-Kertosono will be under PT Ngawi-Kertosono Jaya. Both of this companies are subsidiaries of PT Thiess Contractors Indonesia. Since both of toll road concessions have been awarded to the same company, these two toll roads usually are referred as Solo-Kertosono Toll Road, or Soker Toll Road.
When commencing operation, Solo - Kertosono Toll Road, known as Soker Toll Road, will be the longest toll road in Indonesia. Solo-Kertosono Toll Road is the first Public-Private Partnership project in Indonesia's infrastructure. The PPP scheme has been used because, for the investor to fully finance the project, its financial internal rate of return on capital is low, at only 12 per cent, and the capital payback period, seen from the perspective of toll road business, will be very long because it is hampered by the people’s ability to pay the toll fees. In terms of financing, the completion of Soker Toll Road requires project costs to the tune of almost Rp 11 trillion, or more precisely Rp 10.98 trillion. These costs cover the cost of land acquisition amounting to Rp 1.85 trillion, the cost of construction undertaken by the government amounting to Rp 3.55 trillion, and the cost of construction by the investors amounting to Rp 5.57 trillion.
Soker Toll Road itself will pass through eight regions, namely Boyolali Regency, Karanganyar Regency, Solo City, Sragen Regency in Central Java Province, and Ngawi, Madiun, Nganjuk and Jombang Regency in East Java Province.
As part of public-private partnership deal, the government has to build one-third of the length of Soker toll road plus the whole length of land acquisition cost. This one-third length portion is split into two parts: The west end part with total length 20,9 km is located in greater Solo area, and the east-end part with total length of 40,1 km is in Kertosono, East Java Province.
For the land acquisition administrative purpose, Soker Toll Road is divided into 4 sections, namely Solman I and Solman II in Central Java Province, and Manker I and Manker II in East Java Province. In July 2012, the land acquisition of the each section is about 65 percent. Although all of land acquisitions are not yet finished, the road construction for section-1 has been commenced.
The construction in the government-support portion has been started in 2009 in Solo area using national budget (APBN) by The Government. By the end of year 2011, Bengawan Solo Bridge as one of major bridges in Soker Toll Road (300 meter length) has been completed. Overpass Karangturi has been completed, together with the completion of 2,6 km toll road. The year-by-year activity is as follows:
In year 2012, a total of Rp 610 billion has been allocated by The Government to build almost all of structures in the west-end, and a portion of roads with total of length 7 km. In addition, one project is set in Kertosono-end, in the form of Brantas Bridge (250 meter) plus 1.5 km toll road. This package marks the beginning of East Java portion of Soker Toll Road construction. PT Thiess Contractors Indonesia has set a plan to start construction work in her investor portion by the end of 2012., however, it is unlikely that the plan can be implemented due to land acquisition problem.
There are many different versions of data about Soker Toll Road. However, according to Brawijaya, Ph.D, the project manager for its construction and also the former project officer of Soker Toll Road during design stage, the actual length of Soker Toll Road is longer than the information provided by many.
Soker Toll Road has a total length of 183,3 km, including its access roads and addition length of 1.7 km in the east-end. 
Thus, the total construction cost should be tuned by the government is Rp 3.55 trillion, and the total cost should be provided by the investor is Rp 5.57 trillion. The cost of land acquisition has increased from Rp 1.85 trillion to Rp 2.2 trillion. In terms of its feasibility, Soker Toll Road has Financial IRR 17,5% (with the government support), and Economic IRR 22%.
By design, there are four interchanges in Central Java Province, and another four interchanges in East Java Province. These interchanges are:
In December 2013, Toll Road Management Body (Badan Pengatur Jalan Tol - BPJT) gives default warning to PT Solo Ngawi Jaya, because there are no sufficient progress of the Solo-Ngawi road construction concession with total value of Rp8,900 billion. PT Solo Ngawi Jaya has one month answer period to be counted from default warning released date.
Kertosono-Mojokerto Toll Road.
The length of toll road is 40.5 kilometers in 4 sections. Concession is got by PT Marga Harjaya Infrastruktur which 95 percent belongs to PT Astratel Nusantara a subsidiary of PT Astra International Tbk. (IDX:ASII). Section 1, Bandar-Jombang 14.41 kilometers, by March 2014 only 1.5 percent of land acquisitions have not yet been done, but 50 percent constructions have been finished and predicted the toll road will be used before Iedul Fitri 2014; Section 2, Jombang-West Mojokerto 20.15 kilometers, 80 percent land acquisitions have been done; Section 3, West Mojokerto-North Mojokerto 5.02 kilometers, 68 percent land acquisitions have been done; Section 4, a one kilometer access road. All funds are fulfilled itself by company, without anything bank funds.
Mojokerto-Surabaya Toll Road.
Length of the toll road is 36.1 kilometers and known also as Sumo (Surabaya-Mojokerto) toll road. Land acquisition at early February 2012 was 47.80 percent. Although all of land acquisitions not yet finished, the road construction has been commenced by Jasa Marga. Mei 2011: Until now process of acquisition of minority shareholders by Jasa Marga is still on going, but consequently for temporary land of acquisitions process is halted and also the constructions.
Surabaya-Gempol Toll Road.
The length of toll road is 49 kilometers.
Has been fully operated by Jasa Marga, but only until Porong, which a 2-kilometer section of the old Porong toll road had been damaged by Lapindo Mudflow since May 29, 2006. So, there is a plan for a new Porong-Gempol Toll Road relocation with length of 10 kilometers.
Gempol-Pasuruan Toll Road.
Will construct and will be operated by Jasa Marga & Trans Marga Jatim Pasuruan. The length of the toll road is 34.15 kilometers consists of:
Pasuruan-Probolinggo Toll Road.
Concession by PT Bakrie Toll Road owned by Aburizal Bakrie, but since December 2012 the shares have been sold to MNC Group. The length of the toll road is 45 kilometers .
Probolinggo-Situbondo Toll Road.
This toll road that connects Probolinggo with Situbondo
Situbondo-Banyuwangi Toll Road.
This toll road will be passing Ketapang Ferry Terminal. Ketapang Ferry Terminal is a harbor that connects Java Island and Bali Island.
Complements of Trans-Java toll road.
Jagorawi Toll Road.
This 59-km toll road was the first toll road in Indonesia. This toll road connects Jakarta, Bogor and Ciawi. The first purpose made this toll road was to connect Jakarta and Bandung via Puncak. But now, after the Purbaleunyi Toll Road finished, Jagorawi Toll Road is used for tourist to go to Puncak. But later this toll road will be expanded to reach Bandung. So there's 2 ways to go to Bandung via Jakarta-Cikampek Toll Road then Purbaleunyi Toll Road or via Jagorawi Toll Road.
Purbaleunyi Toll Road.
Also known as combination of Cipularang Toll Road and Padaleunyi Toll Road. On 2012, Purbaleunyi Toll Road is the longest toll road in Indonesia. The length is over 100 kilometers. Runs from the north to south. The north-end is Jakarta-Cikampek Toll Road and the south-end is Cileunyi-Dawuan Toll Road. Since opened, this toll road cuts the time of car travel from Jakarta to Bandung to 2 hours only.
Cileunyi-Dawuan-Bandung Majalengka International Airport Toll Road.
This is the expansion of Purbaleunyi Toll Road. This toll road will span from Cileunyi (end/begin point of today's Purbaleunyi Toll Road) to Dawuan, Sumedang Regency.
Ciawi-Sukabumi Toll Road.
This toll road is the expansion of Jagorawi Toll Road. The full expansion project is to create the second toll routes from Jakarta to Bandung.
Surabaya-Gresik Toll Road.
Surabaya-Gresik Toll Road is a toll road that connects Surabaya with Gresik. Gresik is important port for East Java. Gresik is also PT Semen Gresik (Gresik Cement) is located. This toll road is fully operated by PT Margabumi Matraraya.
Surabaya-Tanjung Perak Toll Road.
This toll road connects city of Surabaya with its port at Tanjung Perak. This toll road starts at Waru, Surabaya.
Waru-Juanda Toll Road.
This toll road connects Surabaya with its airport (Juanda International Airport). This toll road is fully operated by Citra Margatama Surabaya, a subsidiary of Citra Marga Nusaphala Persada.
Juanda-Tanjung Perak Toll Road.
This toll road is called SERR. It will connect Juanda International Airport with Tanjung Perak Port.
Solo-Yogyakarta Toll Road.
This toll road connects city of Surakarta and Yogyakarta. The toll road runs from north to south. the north end will be connected to Semarang-Solo Toll Road and the south end will be connected with Yogyakarta-Magelang Toll Road.
Kanci-Purwokerto-Cilacap Toll Road.
This toll road known as Middle road ("Indonesian: Jalur Tengah") This toll road will be the begin point of South coast road tollways. From Cilacap the tollways will be expanded to Cilacap-Kebumen Toll Road and next to Kebumen-Purworejo Toll Road and Purworejo-Yogyakarta Toll Road

</doc>
<doc id="30984016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984016" title="Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology">
Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology

The Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology can refer to two different institutions:

</doc>
<doc id="30984030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984030" title="Allegation of use">
Allegation of use

An allegation of use is a necessary filing in the prosecution of an intent to use (ITU) trademark application in the United States.
Background.
An AOU can come in the form of an amendment to allege use or a statement of use. In the United States system, a person may file an application for a trademark that the applicant intends to use, but is not currently using in commerce. In order to convert the ITU application into an actual use application, thereby enjoying the full benefit of a U.S. registration, the applicant must file an acceptable AOU within three years of the application clearing examination by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). An acceptable AOU includes a declaration signed by the applicant or his or her representative that states that the trademark is currently in use. The AOU must also include specimens that show the trademark used in commerce in connection with the goods or services identified in the application. Once the USPTO accepts an AOU, the application is converted into an actual use registration, with the date of filing of the ITU used as the priority date or the date of first use.

</doc>
<doc id="30984056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984056" title="Sleeve valve (water)">
Sleeve valve (water)

A sleeve valve is a device typically used in a water supply or distribution system when there is a need to reduce high pressure or throttle flow. The sleeve valve consists of a cylindrical gate (tube) which slides over an inner sleeve. The inner sleeve was consists of a series of nozzles specifically sized and arranged to provide a solution to cavitation issues frequently encountered in throttling applications with other valve types. Because of its design, it minimizes cavitation. Cavitation that does occur in severe throttling conditions is directed from the valve down to center of the valve or pipe so that no erosion damage to the piping can take place.
Types.
There are three main types of sleeve valves: inline, angle pattern and downflow pattern. Inline sleeve valve can be installed in the pipeline or at the end of the pipeline for free discharge. Inline sleeve valve have an inlet section which allows upstream media to flow into an outer annular area. The flow then takes a 90° turn through the sleeve and collides with flow from the opposite side dissipating the energy. The flow then travels downstream through an exit spool on the downstream end. The angle pattern sleeve valve is installed at a 90° bend in place of an elbow. Angle pattern sleeve valves employ a similar design as the inline sleeve valve by creating an outer annular area to contain the media and a sleeve with tapered nozzles to pass the flow. The difference is that the flow direction after passing through the sleeve changes by 90°. Downflow pattern sleeve valves are installed at the end of a pipeline and discharge into sumps, reservoirs, stilling wells or tanks. Unlike inline and angle pattern the discharge of a downflow pattern is outward and is not contained by the valve itself.
Advantages.
Sleeve valves can operate for long periods of time over a high differential pressure across the valve. When a cavitation condition does exist the cavitation takes place surrounded by water. Unlike other valves, air is not necessary to control or suppress the cavitation. Because of this a single sleeve valve can replace several standard valves used in series.
Sleeve valves can control flow and/or pressure over the entire stroke of the valve. Conventional control valves can typically control flow or pressure in the 20% to 80% range. Additionally, unlike conventional control valves the sleeve valve increases flow incrementally, i.e. 10% increase in stroke leads to a 10% increase in flow. 
Sleeve valves are adaptive to system or consumer requirements. The sleeve valve is designed to meet the requirements and allow for a wide range of variability of function. Most conventional control valves are designed to a specific set of conditions.
Disadvantages.
Sleeve valve are generally more expensive than other types of control valves. Typically, sleeve valves are employed in situations where they would replace multiple valves in series or where frequent maintenance may be required,
Sleeve valves need to be used where large debris is not expected in the system. As the orifice holes are relatively small, it is possible and likely that any trash in system will collect in front of sleeve or even in the nozzles themselves. Access ports are generally provided to access the valve interior for debris removal.
Installations.
Typical installations for sleeve valves include the following: reservoir discharge, pump control, pressure regulation, turbine bypass, and tank level control. 

</doc>
<doc id="30984073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984073" title="Cryptantha crassipes">
Cryptantha crassipes

Cryptantha crassipes is a rare species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Terlingua Creek cat's-eye. It is endemic to Brewster County, Texas, where it is known from only ten populations totaling about 5000 plants. All of the occurrences are within a ten-kilometer radius. This is a federally listed endangered species.
This is a perennial herb producing several erect stems reaching a maximum height around 25 centimeters. There is a clump of basal leaves around the stem bases. The herbage is covered in silvery soft and bristly hairs. The inflorescence is a head of yellow-throated white flowers. The plants are often coated in a sooty black fungus.
This plant grows only on the Fizzle Flat lentil, a small geologic formation in the Terlingua Creek watershed just north of Big Bend National Park. This lentil is a unique expanse of limestone rock which is rich in gypsum and bound with clay. The formation is pale yellow in color because of its mineral makeup. The chalky rock breaks into plates and contains many fossils. The area is very dry and it receives full, hot sunlight. The formation is about 50 feet thick. Locals call the formation a "moonscape". The lentil is almost totally devoid of plant life; this species and other hardy plants, such as "Castilleja elongata" and "Lycium berberioides", occur around the edge of the lentil.
The rare plant is limited to a specific substrate. The area is affected by human activity in several ways. The land is all privately owned and unprotected. Off-road vehicles drive on the badlands. They are used for grazing of livestock and bentonite is mined in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="30984079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984079" title="Azmi v Kirklees Metropolitan Borough Council">
Azmi v Kirklees Metropolitan Borough Council

Azmi v Kirklees Metropolitan Borough Council IRLR 434 ([http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKEAT/2007/0009_07_3003.html EAT) is a UK labour law case, concerning indirect discrimination on grounds of religion.
Facts.
Aishah Azmi, an English and Arabic graduate from Leeds University was employed as a bi-lingual support worker at Headfield Church of England (Controlled) Junior School, Thornhill Lees, Dewsbury in West Yorkshire (where 92% of the students were Muslim), claimed constructive unfair dismissal for religious discrimination, because the school refused to allow her to wear a niqab that covered her face as she worked with male colleagues. The Employment Appeal Tribunal stated the following fact summary.
After Azmi requested to be able to wear the veil the school and the local authority allowed her to wear the niqab temporarily outdoors in school grounds, but was concerned that many male colleagues were necessarily in the classrooms. They investigated whether wearing the niqab was compatible with doing her job, but ultimately found in a report "Gesture and body language including facial expression reinforce the spoken word" and noted Azmi's "lovely friend smiling manner with the children and how they responded well to this" but that children could not respond to her teaching so well when her face was concealed. Accordingly they concluded that Azmi could not continue working if she kept the niqab. Between November and February Azmi took time off and it was agreed to resolve the issue in the Tribunal.
The Employment Tribunal dismissed Azmi's claims for direct and indirect religious discrimination and harassment but found that she had been victimised for complaining, and awarded £1000, increased by 10% for the local authority's failure to follow the statutory grievance procedure. Azmi appealed the finding on direct and indirect discrimination and harassment. Azmi was subsequently dismissed by Kirklees Council. She lodged papers with the Employment Appeals Tribunal in London, although she was publicly advised by her MP Shahid Malik to drop the case, since 'there is no real support for it'. Azmi's legal representative, Nick Whittingham, of Kirklees Law Centre, expected the case to be heard in the first half of 2007.
Judgment.
Wilkie J in the Employment Appeal Tribunal held that there was no direct or indirect discrimination or harassment. He found the Tribunal's conclusion that another non-Muslim person covering their face for whatever reason would have been dismissed as well would have been treated the same, and so there was no direct discrimination. On the claim for indirect discrimination, he said the following.
Nevertheless, the Employment Appeal Tribunal decision is important because it confirmed for the first time that it is possible for an employer to be held to have discriminated against an employee in relation to an external manifestation of belief (such as a veil) and that such discrimination could be direct or indirect. Employers would only be acting lawfully if the discrimination is indirect and the employer has a lawful justification.

</doc>
<doc id="30984089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984089" title="Nowhere to Hide (1987 film)">
Nowhere to Hide (1987 film)

Nowhere to Hide is a 1987 thriller directed by Mario Azzopardi. It stars Amy Madigan, Daniel Hugh Kelly and Robin MacEachern, as a family on the run from corrupt Marine officers. It also stars Michael Ironside, John Colicos, Maury Chaykin and Clark Johnson.
Plot.
When two newly delivered helicopters crash mysteriously, Marine officer Major Rob Cutter (Daniel Hugh Kelly) decides to conduct his own investigation, since the men killed in the helicopter crashes were members of his squadron. He later discovers that the newly delivered helicopters crashed because of a defective C-ring that has been made of a weaker, less expensive alloy. Rob grounds all the newly delivered helicopters that have the faulty C-ring, and decides to go public with this, much to the objection of his friend and fellow marine Sergeant Mike Watson (Chuck Shamata), who reluctantly tells someone that he found the problem.
At home, Rob is killed by two hitmen, one of them Marchais (Maury Chaykin), in front of Rob's son Johnny (Robin MacEachern). As Rob's wife Barbara (Amy Madigan), a former marine, was spotted by Marchais, she hides in the garage. She burns Marchais' face with a blowtorch as he and his partner get away. She then gets upstairs to find Rob dead and Johnny traumatized by his father's death, having become mute as a result of post traumatic stress disorder. Before Rob was killed, Johnny unintentionally hid the C-ring in his transformer bot toy.
Barbara is questioned by local police, and they find top-secret documents which the men who killed Rob planted in the vase in the main bedroom, framing him. The military takes over the investigation and Rob's commanding officer, General Clay Howard (John Colicos) bails Barbara out of the questioning. Rob's squadron gives her the American flag out of respect, since Rob didn't receive a military funeral, due to being investigated for having top-secret documents in his possession.
Persistent journalist Mark Halstead (Clark Johnson), who has been investigating the helicopter crashes and suspects a cover-up, confronts Watson about the cover-up. Watson, guilt-ridden over having a hand in Rob's death, decides to talk to Halstead the next day about the cover-up. But he is watched by Marchais and his partner, who kill Watson by forcing his car to crash. Halstead comes to the cemetery where Rob is buried, and informs Barbara about Watson's death, and that there is a cover-up involving the helicopter crashes within Rob's death, the military, and the manufacturing company who delivered the choppers. Before he can go on further, Halstead is shot and killed by Marchais, and Barbara is framed for killing him. She is able to get away after a lengthy car chase.
Barbara calls General Howard for help, only to discover that he is the one who ordered Rob killed, because Halstead told her that Howard refused to see him, and the general mistakenly lied that he knew about Watson's death through Halstead. General Howard did not want Rob to go public with the defective part, since Howard authorized the delivery of the helicopters with the defective C-ring from the manufacturing company. While hiding in the motel, Barbara spots Marchais and his partner planting a bomb in her car. Just after he put Johnny in her car, Barbara moves the bomb out of her car and plants it in the car the hitmen are using. Johnny runs back to the motel to get the robotic toy that carries the C-ring. Barbara rushes to get Johnny and get back to the car. Marchais detonates the device, unknowingly killing himself and his partner, as Barbara makes her getaway.
With no one to turn to for help, Barbara turns to Rob's Vietnam War veteran-brother Ben (Michael Ironside), a reclusive survivalist living in an isolated wilderness with his two dobermans, to hide her and Johnny in his cabin. Johnny finds a military tracking device in the rim of their car, but can't tell anyone since he is still traumatized by Rob's death. Ben learns about Rob's death, and evaluates Johnny psychologically, knowing that he'll get over Rob's death soon. Barbara learns that Ben has become a recluse, because his son and his son's mother were killed in friendly fire in the Vietnam War, and he never talked to any of his squadron who did that bombing, except Rob who was his only trusted friend.
Barbara finds the C-ring in Johnny's robotic toy, and Ben identifies that it was defective. Then the dobermans spot Howard's men and Ben hides Johnny in the crawlspace. Barbara and Ben are able to kill some of Howard's men, but Ben is wounded in the shootout and one of his pet dobermans is killed. Barbara is hit in the shoulder, but is able hit the flammable tank to kill some of the men, before being buried by a pile of logs. Ben gets Johnny out of the crawlspace, but a corrupt marine mortally wounds Ben and is about to get Johnny. Ben uses the last of his strength to save Johnny before dying. Johnny screams out for his mother, before being taken by Howard's remaining men.
Barbara gets out of the pile of logs and finds Ben dead and Johnny kidnapped. She takes Ben's old truck and goes to the bar where Rob's squad-mates are. She shows them the faulty C-ring and informs them about the motive behind Rob's death and Howard's deceit.
Barbara goes to the abandoned warehouse where General Howard, the manufacturing company bigwigs William Devlin (Garrick Hogan) and Nick Thomas (Andrew Johnston) and their men are, handing them the C-ring part in exchange for Johnny. When Howard asks who else knew about the conspiracy, Barbara shows the corrupt general a wire she had on her, meaning Rob's squad heard about his involvement in Rob's death, and delivering the helicopters with the faulty C-ring. Rob's squadron surrounds the warehouse, but General Howard makes his getaway, while running over Devlin, killing him as Rob's squad detained everyone else. Barbara, a skilled helicopter pilot, pursues Howard on her own, as one of Rob's men stays with Johnny. She follows General Howard to the cliff-side dirt road, and shoots downs his car with a missile, killing General Howard and avenging the deaths of Rob and Ben.
Barbara and Johnny clear out Ben's cabin, and take Ben's surviving doberman with them as they head home.

</doc>
<doc id="30984115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984115" title="Memrise">
Memrise

Memrise is an online learning tool with courses created by its community. Its courses are mainly used to teach languages, but are also used for other academic and nonacademic subjects. Memrise uses flashcards augmented with mnemonics—partly gathered through crowdsourcing—and the spacing effect to boost the speed and ease of learning. 
Memrise was founded by Ed Cooke, a Grand Master of Memory, and Greg Detre, a Princeton neuroscientist specializing in the science of memory and forgetting. 
Memrise launched in private beta after winning the Princeton Entrepreneurship Club 2009 TigerLaunch competition.
In July 2010 Memrise was named as one of the winners of the London Mini-Seedcamp competition. In November 2010 Memrise was named as one of the finalists for the 2010 TechCrunch Europas Start-up of the Year. In March 2011, Memrise was selected as one of the Techstars Boston startups.
In late September 2012 the leaderboard on the website was suspended due to "extensive cheating" on the website. The cheating users were found to have been using bots and other loopholes such as using celebrity photo memory courses, to score many more points than possible when using the learning system honestly. The website has a since put up a new leaderboard.
On October 1, 2012, 100 users were allowed to sign up to test a non beta version of the website called Memrise 1.0.
As of May 2013, a Memrise app has been available for download on both the App Store (iOS) and Google Play.
Press.
In 2011, Memrise was reviewed by AOL's Daily Finance, the MIT Technology Review, MSNBC and Gizmodo.

</doc>
<doc id="30984123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984123" title="Callambulyx sinjaevi">
Callambulyx sinjaevi

Callambulyx sinjaevi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Shaanxi in China.

</doc>
<doc id="30984135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984135" title="Learning system agreement">
Learning system agreement

Learning system agreement also online course syllabus is a term that distinguishes the difference between ""a syllabus for an online course"" and ""a syllabus that resides online."" Research emphasizes that a 'learning system agreement' should function as 'contract,' 'communication tool,' and 'learning aid.'
Contract.
In 2005, Slattery & Carlson describe the syllabus as a "contract between faculty members and their students, designed to answer student's questions about a course, as well as inform them about what will happen should they fail to meet course expectations." Habanek stresses the importance of the syllabus as a "vehicle for expressing accountability and commitment."
Communication Tool.
Due to the separation in time and space between the instructor and students in online courses, regular communication is critical. state that problems can occur due to course expectations that are unclear or not communicated. In addition to providing contact information, the syllabus should also describe the instructor's preferred method(s) of communication.
Learning Aid.
In 2002 study, Parks and Harris suggest "a syllabus can serve students as a model of professional thinking and writing.". They also believe effective learning requires a complex interaction of skills, such as time management, prioritization of tasks, technology use, etc., and that a syllabus can promote the development of these skills.
Habanek identifies the need for instructors to provide learning outcomes and the methods students will use to realize these outcomes. Slattery and Carlson promote using action verbs (identify, analyze, evaluate) as opposed to passive verbs (learn, recognize, understand) when creating course goals.

</doc>
<doc id="30984140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984140" title="Arturas Bumsteinas">
Arturas Bumsteinas

Arturas Bumšteinas is Lithuanian composer and sound artist. Active in the field of art music since the end of the 90s, in the year 2012 he started performing under his Refusenik moniker.
Bio.
Bumšteinas was born in 1982 in Vilnius, Lithuania. He is a composer of acoustic and electronic music (graduated from Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater), founder of international ensembles Works and Days, Zarasai (together with Anton Lukoszevieze), Wolumen (together with Dominykas Vyšniauskas) and Quartet Twentytwentyone; conceptual artist with various projects presented in more than 30 exhibitions around Europe. The festivals where Bumšteinas participated with his music and audiovisual projects among others include the Holland Festival, Angelica, Sensoralia/Romaeuropa, Avanto, Sonic Circuits, Skanumezs, Full Pull, Cut & Splice, Wundergrund, Vilnius Jazz Festival etc. Since the beginning of his career he has collaborated with various musicians and visual artists. Amongst the publishers of Bumšteinas's music are such labels as Polish "Bolt Records", Portuguese "Cronica", Spanish "con-v", Lithuanian "Semplice Records"; his exhibition-related work is represented by Galerie Antje Wachs in Berlin. His work is featured on UbuWeb (a prominent online resource for the avant-garde arts), his work has been numerous times commissioned by the Deutschlandradio Kultur and various other international cultural institutions. In year 2013 he was awarded “Palma Ars Acustica” prize for radiophonic arts.
Notable collaborators.
Anton Lukoszevieze (UK), Liudas Mockūnas (LT), Peter "Pure" Votava (AT), Piotr Kurek (PL), Bartek Kalinka (PL), Ilia Belorukov (RU), Denitsa Mineva (DE), Jesse Glass (JP), Dominykas Vyšniauskas (LT), Alina Orlova (LT), Kyrre Bjørkås (NO), Darius Čiuta (LT), Antanas Kučinskas (LT), Antanas Dombrovskij (LT), Lys (LT), Lina Lapelytė (UK), Vladimir Tarasov (LT), Laura Garbštienė (LT), Gintaras Makarevičius (LT), Janel & Anthony (USA), Jeff Surak (USA), Seth Josel (DE), Max Reinhardt (UK), Rhodri Davies (UK), Borut Savski (SI), Wojtek Ziemilski (PL), Tadas Žukauskas (LT), Mikas Žukauskas (LT), Mieczyslaw Litwinski (PL), Maarten Ornstein (NL), Christian Frossi (IT), Chordos Quartet (LT), Johnny Chang (DE), Emanuele Torquati (IT), Gośka Isphording (NL).

</doc>
<doc id="30984142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984142" title="She Went to the Races">
She Went to the Races

She Went to the Races is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Willis Goldbeck and starring James Craig, Frances Gifford and Ava Gardner. A team of scientists discover a seemingly foolproof way of discovering the winner of horse races.
Plot Summary.
Dr. Ann Wotters, working at the Brockhurst Institute of Research in Los Angeles, is devastated when she learns that her uncle, Dr. Homer Pecke, will be let off because the institute can't afford to keep him on staff and his research project running. The institute would need another $20,000 to afford Pecke's services.
Ann and her uncle's colleagues Dr. Gurke, Dr. Pembroke and Dr. Collyer, put their sharp heads together to come up with a plan to raise the money needed. The get unexpected help from the institute janitor, who has had recent success at the racetrack. To ensure their wins at the racetrack, the uncle's scientist colleagues try to come up with a fool proof formula to foresee which horses will win the races.
The four scientists then decide to try their "luck" at the Pasadena racetrack. Upon their arrival in Pasadena, they discover that there are no available hotel rooms left in the city, but Ann manages to persuade the staff of a hotel to let her into the room reserved for Steve Canfield, who is a race horse owner. When Steve arrives to the hotel and checks in, Ann persuades him to let her keep one of the rooms in his suite.
Steve's old girlfriend and horse owning colleague is also staying at the hotel. She is keen on reuniting with Steve, but Ann and Steve are starting to get romantically involved. Meanwhile, the three other scientists are trying to decide which horse to bet on and eventually decide on Steve's horse, Mr. McGillicudy. When Steve hears about this, he tries to persuade Ann not to bet on his horse, afraid that he will be blamed for her losing money if his horse loses.
Homer goes missing from his home in Los Angeles, then turns up at the racetrack in Pasadena, too, and makes contact with Steve's horse trainer Jeff Habbard. Homer decides to bet on Steve's horse and meets Ann at the racetrack just before the race starts, telling Ann that he has bet on Steve's horse because Steve himself has bet on his own horse. Ann has followed Steve's advice, however, and bet on another race horse, losing their money when Steve's horse, Mr. McGillicuddy, wins. Ann is furious and suspicious towards Steve after this. Steve, on the other hand, feels bad about his advice to Ann, not knowing that Uncle Homer was misinformed about his betting on his own horse. Nevertheless, the relationship between Anna and Steve comes to an abrupt halt, giving Hilda greater leverage for reconciliation with Steve. Even though Hilda is still in love with a former love "the Count" and Steve with Ann, Hilda proposes they marry and merge their companies and race their horses on a single ticket and manages to convince Steve of the same.
Although Homer wins on Steve's horse, the scientists haven't won enough money to get Homer reinstated at the institute and Ann goes to Steve to borrow the rest of the money from him, but finds him and Hilda drinking and on the floor in Hilda's room. Still, Ann recomposes herself and makes another attempt. Steve, who is still unaware that Ann thinks he bet on his own horse, catches Ann off guard by offering her the money before she can ask. Elated at first, Ann storms off without the money when Steve tells her that he is now engaged to Hilda.
At the next race, Ann interrupts Hilda and Steve, sending Steve to place another bet for her on Mr. McGillicuddy, then challenges Hilda to withdraw her horse from a joint entry with McGillicudy to prove she isn't marrying Steve for the money. The scientists find that they have miscalculated, i.e., 2 + 2 = 5, and have placed the wrong bet. Hilda accepts the challenge and they decide to bet the outcome of the race - the one who has bet on the winning horse gets to be with Steve. Steve returns, having saved the scientists by betting on the horse he thought would win. Just before the race begins, Ann learns that the institute has found money to reinstate Homer. Mr. McGillicudy wins the race, Ann and the scientists win their bets, and Steve and Ann reunite with a kiss in the winner's circle..

</doc>
<doc id="30984143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984143" title="Attack Surface Analyzer">
Attack Surface Analyzer

Attack Surface Analyzer is a tool created for the analysis of changes made to the attack surface of the operating systems since Windows Vista and beyond. It is a tool recommended by Microsoft in its SDL guidelines in the verification stage of the development.
History.
According to the Microsoft SDL Team, they did not have an all in one tool for checking the changes made to the attack surface of Windows Operating System before Attack Surface Analyzer was developed. It was a problem to check and verify the effects of various software installations on the system way back since Windows Server 2003 was being developed. Back then they had to use multiple tools for every type of change made to the attack surface. It was a painful process when they had to check for everything again and again and using multiple tools.
It was this problem which made Microsoft create an application using which developers could analyze the changes made to the Windows Attack Surface. It has at first been used by the developers at Microsoft. Later, on January 18, 2011, a beta version (version 5.1.3.0) of a tool named Attack Surface Analyzer was released in public for the testers and IT administrators. Attack Surface Analyzer can compare two scan data of a system called the baseline scan and product scan. Both 32-bit and 64-bit versions of software are available for Windows Vista and Windows 7 (and respective Server editions). There is no news about a Windows XP version being released.
Features.
Analysis of Different Threat Categories.
Attack Surface Analyzer is all in one tool for analysis of changes made to the various parts of the attack surface of Windows 6 series Operating System (includes Windows Vista and Windows 7). Using this one tool, you can analyze the changes made to the Registry, File permissions, Windows IIS Server, GAC assemblies and a lot more can be done. According to Microsoft, it is the same tool in use by the engineers of the security team at Microsoft to analyze the effects of software installation on the Windows Operating System.
It would not have been possible a year ago when there was no all in one tool. You would have had to use different software for all the different parts of Windows and then combine the effects logically by yourself. The tool enlists the various elements it enumerates while running a system scan. The elements are:
The above list is a comprehensive set of elements which are both possible as well as important elements which can be changes when new software is installed on the system. While some software might change only a few elements in the list, some other can change a few more and different elements on the system. Attack Surface Analyzer combines all of them so that it is easier to analyze all parts.
Enlisting Threats.
While Attack Surface Analyzer can tell you the changes for sure, in some cases, it will also be able to tell you that a particular change in the configuration is causing a threat. As of now, the tool does not enlist the threats in all the categories (or parts of the Operating System) it scans but only a few, the most noticeable of which are the issues in services configurations, File system ACLs and issues related to the processes running on the system.
Determining Threat Severity.
Getting the list of threats to the system is a great thing when you have it from software released by Microsoft itself. After all, no one knows Windows better than Microsoft. With the improved concerns over security shown by Microsoft, it is important that the severity of a threat is also known to the IT team of an enterprise. Attack Surface Analyzer also shows the severity of the threat which it finds. However, it seems not to report the severity of each and every threat. Instead it shows the severity of the threat by its category. For example, the severity of threat caused by “Executables With Weak ACLs” (threat severity of level 1) is less than that caused by “Processes With Impersonation Tokens” (threat severity of level 2). It is surely a desirable feature to enlist the level of severity caused by each threat rather by the category to which it belongs. There however, is no news about when that might be available.
Built in Help.
Every organization has its experts on various domains of security. There may be a case when a network security expert in an organization is not aware of the details and terminology of some other domain (say Windows Services). However, the two issues may be connected to each other. While it is not possible (and in some case not important) for the experts of two security expert teams to know everything about the terms in use by each other, it might be required in a few cases. A brief description (along with a link to technet library describing the term in detail) of all threats and changes to the attack surface are enlisted in the report generated by the Attack Surface Analyzer. While the brief description is usually enough for the experts, it might be needed in other cases. Microsoft has made it easy to find the right resource for the term rather than relying upon the web search engines.
Organization of Changes made to the Attack Surface.
Attack Surface of Windows Operating System concerns various parts of the Operating System. It would have been difficult for anyone to understand the report if all of the changes were listed in serial order. Attack Surface Analyzer makes it easy for the user to browse through the report by listing the threats in categories and providing a Table of contents in an HTML page.
Report Generation.
Attack Surface Analyzer can compare two scan data (generated by itself on two different scans) and generate a report which can then be viewed in the HTML format. It is also possible to run the scans on one system and then generate on another system using the same tool. This is good for Windows Vista Clients because it is not possible to generate report using the current version of Attack Surface Analyzer on Windows Vista. In such a case, Attack Surface Analyzer can be used to run scans on the Windows Vista Client, transfer the scan result files to a computer running Windows 7 and then generate and browse the report on the Windows 7 based computer.
System Requirements.
Attack Surface Analyzer works on the Windows 6.X series of Operating Systems but report generation can only be done on 6.1 version Operating Systems. Following are the system requirements of Attack Surface Analyzer (from the official download page):
Installable on: Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 and Windows Server 2008 R2
Collection of Attack Surface Data: Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 and Windows Server 2008 R2
Analysis of Attack Surface data and report generation: Windows 7 or Windows Server 2008 R2 with Microsoft .Net 3.5 SP1
Microsoft has not enlisted any hardware requirements separately. The tool should be able to perform its job on any machine meeting the hardware requirements of the installed Operating System. Note however that the running time for generation of scan data and report depends on the hardware capabilities (better hardware would get the work done faster).
Scans.
Attack Surface Analyzer list two types of scans namely baseline scan and product scan. In strict technical terms both the scans are same. The difference between them is logical, not technical.
Baseline Scan.
This is the scan run which the user will run to generate the data on the initial system. This data is then compared with the product scan. After running the baseline scan, the product whose effect on the attack surface of the Operating System is to be checked is installed. The installation changes the system configuration (possibly) by installing services, changing firewall rules, installing new .NET assemblies and so on. Baseline scan is a logical scan run by the user using Attack Surface Analyzer which generates the file containing the configuration of the system before this software is installed.
Product Scan.
Product scan signifies the state of the system after the ‘product’ was installed. In this context, the product is the software whose effects on the system upon installation are to be checked. To generate a report, two scans are required in minimum. The product scan would capture the changes made to the system by the installation of the software product under testing. The scan data generated in this scan is compared with the baseline scan data to find the changes made to the system configurations on different points. It is worth a note that more than one system state can be captured using Attack Surface Analyzer and any combination of them can be used for the report generation. However the ‘Baseline Scan’ should be the one which was taken before the other. The other can automatically be called as the product scan.

</doc>
<doc id="30984167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984167" title="Fossa Eugeniana">
Fossa Eugeniana

The Fossa Eugeniana or Spanish Rhine-Maas canal was a large-scale ambitious project of the Thirty Years' War planned by the then Spanish regent in Brussels, Isabella Clara Eugenia, after whom it was named, during the years 1625–1629. It consisted of a fortified canal intended to blockade by river the United provinces, in order to divert trade from the Rhine just south of Wesel and reroute it to Venlo on the Maas, in Spanish territory. It was also known as the Spanish Rhine-Maas canal, when at the time Spanish garrisons in north-western Germany reached its maximum extent, amounting to around fifty fortresses and forts. It was wide and long.

</doc>
<doc id="30984174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984174" title="Phytomia">
Phytomia

Phytomia is a genus of at least 15 species of hoverfly from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera found in tropical Africa and Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="30984194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984194" title="Philippine School of Business Administration">
Philippine School of Business Administration

The Philippine School of Business Administration is a college located in Manila City in Metro Manila, Philippines.
History.
It was established in 1963 and currently led by Dr. Jose F. Peralta.
Campuses.
Campuses are located in:

</doc>
<doc id="30984198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984198" title="T-VIPS">
T-VIPS

T-VIPS was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Oslo, Norway, with a US office in Millburn, New Jersey. T-VIPS was founded by 11 engineers and managers from Tandberg Television with knowledge and experience of the broadcast and telecommunications industry. The T-VIPS team has experience in transport stream multiplexing, processing, monitoring, switching and broadcast video over IP transport, having for a number of years been involved in MPEG over IP contribution solutions and broadband IPTV to the home. It manufactures professional video transport solutions for contribution, distribution and Digital Terrestrial Television (DTT). T-VIPS is involved in the transport of SD, HD and 3D video over IP networks, JPEG 2000 compression, MPEG transport stream processing, transport stream monitoring and switching, remultiplexing, IP-based terrestrial transmission systems and SFN adaption.
T-VIPS solutions are utilized in video broadcast applications such as contribution to terrestrial head-ends, regional and local multiplexing, service filtering, PSIP insertion and SI adaptation, disaster recovery and live events back-haul.
T-VIPS is an active participant in the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and is a member of several industry organizations, including the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (SMPTE), the Video Services Forum (VSF) and DVB. T-VIPS has worked with these organizations to define industry specifications and its solutions are aligned with these industry standards and are designed for long service life, ease of operation, low power consumption and minimal maintenance requirements.
Technologies and Innovations.
Since its launch the company has developed a range of solutions for video contribution over IP utilizing JPEG2000 compression and has developed solutions specifically designed for digital terrestrial television and the processing of complex transport streams.
T-VIPS products include:
Current Developments.
T-VIPS has won several recent awards including:

</doc>
<doc id="30984200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984200" title="Herbert Hardacre">
Herbert Hardacre

Herbert Freemont Hardacre (1861 – 5 March 1938) was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1893 until 1919.
Hardacre died in 1938 and is buried in Balmoral Cemetery. 

</doc>
<doc id="30984201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984201" title="Shoreline Fault">
Shoreline Fault

Shoreline Fault is a 25 km long vertical strike-slip fault discovered in 2008 that lies less than a mile from the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant in California. It is thought to be able to produce quakes up to 6.5 magnitude, and along with the Hosgri fault are thought to pose a threat to the nuclear plant despite the operator, Pacific Gas and Electric claiming the facility to be able to withstand a 7.5 magnitude quake.

</doc>
<doc id="30984216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984216" title="Massimo Montanari">
Massimo Montanari

Massimo Montanari, currently Professor of Medieval History at Bologna University, is one of the leading world experts in Food studies. His interest in the subject stems from his researches and studies in Medieval Agrarian History. He has been invited as visiting professor to a number of leading universities in Europe, Japan, the United States, Mexico and Canada.
He has been one of the founders and editor of the international review "Food & History", published by the Institut Européen d’Histoire et des Cultures de l’Alimentation, is member of a number of scientific societies and plays an important role in disseminating topics of his interest to the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="30984217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984217" title="Franz Berger (officer)">
Franz Berger (officer)

Franz Berger (6 August 1916 – 29 November 1942) was a highly decorated Hauptmann der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Franz Berger was killed on 29 November 1942 during the Battle of Stalingrad. He was posthumously promoted to Hauptmann der Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="30984231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984231" title="Senaspis">
Senaspis

Senaspis is a genus of 14 species of Afrotropical hoverfly from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.

</doc>
<doc id="30984235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984235" title="JPedal">
JPedal

JPedal is a Java library for viewing and manipulating PDF files. It aims to provide Java developers with complete PDF reader functionality as well as PDF content extraction. The full version of JPedal is distributed under a commercial license with a cut down version available under a LGPL license.
The full version of JPedal provides a PDF viewer with multiple page viewing modes, PDF to image conversion, printing, searching and text/image extraction. It can be used as part of a client or server Swing or SWT application, thin client, applet, JavaFX, JSP or webstart. 
The LGPL versions lacks some of the functionality of the commercial version such as printing, extraction and different page display options.

</doc>
<doc id="30984252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984252" title="Victor V. Tikhomirov">
Victor V. Tikhomirov

Victor (or Viktor) Vasilievitch Tikhomirov (Dec. 10 (23), 1912 – Jan. 8, 1985) was an outstanding Soviet engineer and scientist in the fields of radio electronics and automation. He was a corresponding member of the Soviet Academy of Sciences, three times a laureate of the Stalin Prize, and was awarded two Orders of Lenin and other orders and medals. He led development of the first full radar system in the USSR.
Early Background.
Victor Tikhomirov was born in Kineshma, a medium-sized city now in Ivanovo Oblast. Upon completing secondary school, he first worked as an electrician in the Donetz Basin (Donbass) region of Eastern Ukraine, and then at the Donbass mines of Metrostroi (the operator of Moscow’s subway system). In 1934, he was admitted to study radio technology at the Moscow Power Engineering Institute (MPEI – also called Moscow Energy Institute) where he finished with distinction in 1940. The Higher Attestation Commission awarded him the Doctor of Engineering degree in February 1966. 
While pursuing his pre-graduation studies, Tikhomirov became a senior technician at the "Nauchno-issledovatelsky institute-20" (Scientific Research Institute-20, NII-20) in Moscow, a close affiliate of the Aviapribor Plant, a manufacturer of aircraft instruments and radios. There he assisted in developing "radiolokatory" (radio-location, later called radar) equipment. Jointly with NII-9 in Leningrad, NII-20 developed an experimental set called "Redut" ("Redoubt"). Upon graduating from MEI, Tikhomirov was assigned as an engineer at NII-20, working in a team to improve "Redut". This soon evolved to the "Radio Ulavlivatel Samoletov-2" ("Radio Catcher of Aircraft") designated "RUS-2". Although mobile, this was a bi-static system with separated transmitter and receiver vans and antennas. 
Tikhomirov’s capabilities were soon recognized, and in early 1941, he was made Laboratory Head and Deputy Technical Manager of the NII-20. Engineers at the NII-20, with the cooperation of NII-9 in Leningrad, further improved the "RUS-2", developing a transmit-receive device (a duplexer) allowing a single antenna, as well as a range display based on a cathode-rayoscilloscope.
World War II Activities.
Germany began the invasion of the Soviet Union on June 22, 1941. The NII-9 was evacuated eastward from Leningrad, and their engineers working on radio-location joined the NII-20. The major portion of the Aviapribor Plant evacuated to Kazan, and the part remaining in Moscow was designated Factory 339. To assist in defending Moscow against German aircraft, an improved "RUS-2" was set up and operated by NII-20 personnel including Tikhomirov; it was first used on the night of July 22 when it detected a flight of 200 Luftwaffe bombers when they were 100-km (62-mi) away. This success led authorities to request additional radio-location sets.
Under Tikhomirov’s leadership, NII-20 redesigned the "RUS-2" to become a fixed radio-location station. With other improvements, this was designated the "RUS-2C", and also called the "Pegmatit-2" (P-2). It operated at 4 m (75 kHz) with a pulse-power of near 40 kW. This was actually the Soviet Union’s first fully capable, pulsed, radio-location system; several hundred sets in different versions were produced at Factory 339. Tikhomirov received his first Stalin Award (1943) for the "RUS-2C" development. Throughout the war, NII-20 and Factory 339 dominated radar equipment development and fabrication in the USSR.
In late 1940, the Soviet Air Forces developed a requirement for an on-board enemy aircraft radio-location system. The NII-9 was directed to design such a set for the new Petlyakov Pe-2 dive bomber. With size and weight restrictions, a microwave design using a recently developed reflex klystron (as it was later called) was selected. The experimental set was called "Gneis" ("Origin") and operated at 16 cm (1.8 GHz). When the war started and the NII-9 radio-location capabilities went to Moscow, NII-20 took over the development of "Gneis". Tikhomirov was assigned Chief Designer, and retained this role through all future upgrades. 
The NII-20 was evacuated to Barnaul in July 1941. Under Tikhomirov’s leadership, the "Gneis-2" radar was created ‘from scratch’ with limited staff and in an extremely challenging environment. At this time, the so-called ‘Tikhomirov style’ originated: frantic work schedules, extraordinary working capacity, incredible self-discipline, and insistence on high performance by the staff. In only a few months, the first pilot sets were tested with positive results. 
During the battle of Stalingrad in late 1942, Tikhomirov and his design team went to the fighting scene where they installed airborne radars on Pe-2 frontline bombers and performed all set-up procedures on the spot. Official testing of the Pe-2 with "Gneis-2" onboard took place at Leningrad in 1943, and it was then that the radar was commissioned. Tikhomirov received his second Stalin Award for the "Gneis-2" design (1946).
In mid-1943, NII-20 moved back to Moscow, and in the same year Tikhomirov completed the "Gneis-2M" airborne radar design. "Gneis-2" radars were also mounted on Pe-3 bombers and Li-2 Douglas transport aircraft. In the wartime, about 230 sets with various "Gneis" designations were built. "Gneis-5" and "Gneis-5C" were also put into serial production, but were not fielded until after the war.
In 1944, the aircraft radar activity was separated from NII-20 and became the Central Design Bureau-17 (TsKB-17). It was responsible for design of all airborne radars, as well as weapon control systems (WCS). Tikhomirov was assigned as Deputy Director for Research in TsKB-17, and remained in the role of Chief Designer in several design trends. The TsKB-17 is today the Vega Radio Engineering Corporation.
As the war was drawing to a close, TsKB-17 designed and prepared production plans for several new airborne radars, including the "Argon" for tail-protection of Tu-16 aircraft. The Soviet Union had begun experimenting with jet aircraft, and in support of this, Tikhomirov and the TsKB-17 initiated a number of designs for new aircraft microwave radars; these used magnetrons that had been developed in the Soviet Union.
Post-War Defense Activities.
In 1946, the TsKB-17 and the NII-20 were combined to form the Moscow NII-17. Tikhomirov was appointed Deputy Director for Research and Chief Designer of airborne radars. In 1949, he was appointed Director and Research Supervisor. In addition to completing " Argon", Tikhomirov led the design of "Selen" ("Selenium") radar systems for attack aircraft detection. His most important development at that time was the "Kadmiy" ("Cadmium"), a radar gun-sight and high-precision aircraft range-finder; he received his third Stalin Award for this work (1953). 
There emerged a Tikhomirov ‘school’ of design. In this, with a comprehensive approach to the development of an aircraft, WCS was regarded as being not a just mere part or component of the aircraft, but rather a system that was as important to the aircraft as its airframe, and made the aircraft an integrated combat unit. 
As a large variety of jet aircraft were being designed and produced, the NII-17 provided the needed radars. These included the "Toriy" ("Thorium"), giving the MiG-15, an “all-weather” interceptor capability, and the "Izumrud" ("Emerald") gun-sight series, the first of which was used on the MiG-15 and MiG-17 fighters. Operating at microwave wavelengths, "Izumrud" used separate antennas for searching and tracking. This was the first time Tikhomirov applied automatic tracking modes, serving as a prototype for further WCS design.
An air-to-air missile, the K-5, began development in 1951. This was followed by the "Topaz" radar design for the Tu-16 bomber, and the "Almaz" ("Diamond") radar for the Yak-25 and MiG-19. The "Izumrud-2" was for MiG-17 PFU, carrying the RC-1U, the first Soviet guided air-to-air missile. Tikhomirov was also leading the research on an advanced, multi-functional, airborne radar system incorporating a digital computer. Ardalion Rastov served as Tikhomirov’s deputy in these efforts.
In 1953, Tikhomirov was elected as a Corresponding Member of the USSR Academy of Sciences in the Department of Technical Sciences (Radio Engineering, Electronics, Automation, and Remote Control). Since Tikhomirov did not hold an academic degree at that time, this was a very unusual action by the Academy. 
Because of the large scope of Tikomirov’s research, a branch of NII-17 was formed in Zhukovsky, an aviation research center 40 km (25 mi) southeast of Moscow. In February 1956, this branch was transformed into an independent enterprise, designated as Specialist Design Bureau-15 (OKB-15), and commonly called the Scientific Research Institute of Instrument Design (NIIP). Tikhomirov was initially the Research Supervisor, and then became Director. The first NIIP projects supervised by Tikhomirov included several models of "Uragan" ("Hurricane") airborne radar systems for interceptor aircraft.
The title of Designer General of aviation equipment was established by the USSR Council of Ministers in 1956, and Tikhomirov was among 12 leading designers initially receiving this title. Tikhomirov was the only Designer General from the radar-WCS field; all of the others were aircraft designers.
In July 1958, the NIIP began the design of a new, highly advanced, mobile air-defense system. Eventually designated the 2k12 "Kub" ("Cube"), each battery consisted of a number of similar tracked vehicles, one of which carried a radar with a range of 75 km (47 mi), as well as an optical sighting unit. Several other design bureaus were involved in creating the "Kub", all coordinated by Tikhomirov. 
The "Kub" prototype was placed under test in August 1959. With the complex design and units from diverse sources, it was not unexpected that the initial tests were unsatisfactory. This led to changes in the design, followed by further testing, all greatly lengthening the development schedule. By the end of 1961, Tikhomirov and his team had solved the basic developmental problems, but the project was far behind schedule. 
Although Tikhomirov justified two years of additional development, the Defense Ministry did not agree; consequently, Tikhomirov was relieved of his duties in 1962. Ardalion Rastov, whom he had mentored since 1953, took over as Chief Designer.
The first success came when the system downed a target aircraft in February 1964, within the two years that Tikhomirov had projected. The "Kub" air-defense missile system ultimately passed all testing and was commissioned into service in 1966. In NATO nations, it was called "Gainful", as well as SA-6. Later it was sold internationally to 25 nations under the export name "Kvadrat" ("Square").
The NIIP continued in developing air-defense and related systems. In 1995, it was renamed the Tikhomirov Scientific Research Institute of Instrument Design (Tikhomirov NIIP). Other portions of the original NII-17 became the Scientific Research Institute of Radar (NIIR) and, later Phazotron-NIIR. Both of these firms, as well as the previously mentioned Vega Radio Engineering, credit Tikhomirov as the technical leader of their founding organization.
Anatoly Kanashchenkovа, Director and Designer General of Phazotron-NIIR, made the following comment: “Victor Tikhomirov left a most profound imprint on today's inimitable style of doing research at our enterprise. In fact, he created an entire school of designing radars and WCSs of fighters.”
Ardalion Rastov, the person who replaced Tikhomirov on the "Kub" program, has been quoted as saying: “Tikhomirov organized a wonderful team, where not administrative power, but the power of common sense and reason reigned.” 
Academy of Sciences Activities.
After leaving the NIIP, Tikhomirov was appointed by the USSR Academy of Sciences as the Head of the Biological Experiment Automation Department of the Institute of Biological Physics. The Special Design Engineering Bureau for Biological Instrumentation was established upon Tikhomirov’s initiative (it is presently known as the Institute of Biological Instrument Design). Under his supervision, many devices and equipment sets for automating biological research were developed; his accomplishments in biotelemetry were particularly important.
When the Biological Instrument Design Commission was formed within the framework of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance in the 1960s, Tikhomirov became its proactive and respected member. In 1979, Tikhomirov moved to the Institute of Oceanology, under the Academy of Sciences, where a laboratory for hydroacoustic equipment design was created upon his initiative; he worked there for the remainder of his life.
Honors and Recognitions.
For his accomplishments, Victor Vasilievitch Tikhomirov received the following USSR/Russian decorations:
In 1953, he was elected a Corresponding Member of the highly prestigious USSR Academy of Sciences.
In 1956, he became one of the first 12 persons who were assigned the newly introduced title of Designer General.
In 1995, his name was given to the Tikhomirov Scientific Research Institute of Instrument Design (Tikhomirov NIIP).
In 2002, the Tikhomirov Award was introduced in the NIIP, the most prominent R&D achievement of the enterprise.
In 2004, pursuant to a resolution of the Geneva Graduate Institute of Business and Management, a nine-magnitude star in the Capricornus constellation was named after Tikhomirov and noted in the Ross Astro-Databank.
Personal Information.
Victor V. Tikhomirov was married in February 1941 to Galina B. Troitskaya, an engineer in the textile manufacturing industry. They had two sons: Andrey V. Tikomirov (born 1941), and Vladmir V. Tikhomirov (born 1945).

</doc>
<doc id="30984257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984257" title="Jakob Christoph Blarer von Wartensee">
Jakob Christoph Blarer von Wartensee

Jakob Christoph Blarer von Wartensee (11 May 1542 – 18 April 1608) was a Bishop of Basel and a leader in the Counter-Reformation in the region around Basel.
Early history.
He was born at Rosenberg Castle, the son of William, Prince-abbot of St. Gall and upper Vogt of Rosenberg, and Helen of Hallwyl. Between 1557–59 he was a student at Freiburg under the humanist Heinrich Glarean. In 1555 he was appointed to the Cathedral of Constance. He became a canon in 1559, and an archdeacon in 1570. In 1561 he moved to Basel's cathedral. He was unanimously elected Bishop of Basel on 22 June 1575, and on 4 May 1576 this election was confirmed by Pope Gregory XIII. He was ordained on 10 February 1577 and was granted an Imperial investiture on 15 November 1577.
Bishop of Basel.
Starting in 1576, he was planning an alliance with the catholic cantons in order to restore the power of the his Bishopric of Basel. Basel had converted to the Reformation during the first half of the 16th century. After costly negotiations and with the help of Ludwig Pfyffer von Altishofen and the nuncios Ninguarda Feliciano and Giovanni Francesco Bonomi, a catholic mutual assistance pact was signed on 28 September 1579 in Lucerne and all parties swore to uphold the pact on 11 January 1580 in Porrentruy. This provided a base of support for Blarer's goals; the Catholic renewal of the diocese's subjects, to prevent further removal of existing "Burgrecht" (rights between a town and the surrounding villages), the recovery of former Catholic dominions within and outside the city of Basel as well as restitution of cathedral's property.
After the oath in Porrentruy, he began to spread the Counter-Reformation into the territories that surrounded Basel and had some political ties to the city. The resulting conflict between Basel and Blarer ended up before a Swiss Confederacy arbitration court and was settled in 1585 in the Baden Agreement. In it, the "Burgrecht" contracts between Basel and the Laufen and Delsberger Valleys as well as Freiberg were de facto resolved. The city agreed to pay a high compensation (200,000 guilders) for the Bishop's estates which had been taken by the city during the Reformation, and in matters of faith applied the principle "Cuius regio, eius religio". As early as 1590, the German bailiwicks were once Catholic. A similar agreement was concluded in 1599 with Bern which was known as the Biel Exchange. This agreement allowed for the city of Biel to be transferred to Bern, but Bern and others would waive the "Burgrecht" with the provost of Moutier-Grandval. However, this agreement faltered due to the opposition of the catholic cantons. The exchange finally occurred seven years later in the Treaty of 1606. In this treaty, the city provided an oath of allegiance, its influence in the "Herrschaft" of Erguel was restricted and the "Burgrecht" agreement with Bellelay Abbey was dissolved. However, Blarer's attempts to spread the Counter-Reformation to the southern bailiwicks were unsuccessful.
The targeted reform of the clergy began in 1581 with the proclamation of new statutes during the diocesan synod in Delémont. Two cycles of visitations (1586–90, 1601–04) led to the identification and elimination of irregularities in the parishes of the diocese. New liturgical books were distributed to the clergy which espoused the ideals of the Counter-Reformation. For recruiting and training new priests, he founded a Jesuit college in Porrentruy in 1591 and added a seminary in 1606. The latter, however, never really came to bloom and disappeared after a few decades. Starting in 1595, the College began to turn out Jesuits who met with great success in the diocese.
While the Baden Agreement had helped the shattered finances of the diocese, Jakob Christoph now sought to prevent renewed debt. With the reopening and expansion of the mines and iron forges in Courrendlin, Undervelier and Belle Fontaine (now part of Saint-Ursanne) he created new revenue sources. Starting in 1589 he began to mint his own money. He also began to expand the political power of the diocese by opening a print shop and expanding his residence in Porrentruy. He died, aged 65, at Porrentruy.

</doc>
<doc id="30984261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984261" title="Simon Karas">
Simon Karas

Simon Karas (1905–1999) was a Greek musicologist, who specialized in Byzantine music tradition.
Simon Karas studied paleography of Byzantine musical notation, was active in collecting and preserving ancient musical manuscripts, collected performances of Greek folk songs and of Byzantine chant from different regions, in most cases writing them down in Byzantine notation, further altered and modified by him, to better match his needs. He also wrote his own music, and performed himself as a chanter or singer.
The figure of Simon Karas is highly controversial, and it strongly divides Byzantine music scholars and performers into two camps: one supporting, and one opposing his philosophy and his works. His opponents chief argument is that some works and musical experiments of Simon Karas are highly non-traditional, at the edge of being heretical, at least form their point of view.
Revisionism.
Simon Karas proposed several revisions to the standard practice of contemporary Byzantine church singing. While these revisions were at least to some extent accepted by some groups of Byzantine chanters, they are at the same time furiously rejected by some other chanters. This practical division constitutes the main part of the controversy around Karas' name and heritage.
Notation.
In his works, Simon Karas has observed that in many cases the qualitative Byzantine neumes can be read (interpreted) in several different ways, and it is the experience of the chanter, and, to some extent, his personal choice that determine, what particular interpretation will be used in practice in each particular case. For example, there are several alternative interpretations for a combination of neumes ""a kentemata above an oligon above a psefiston"", and although in practice some readings of this combination can be more frequent than the others, theoretically, all these interpretations would be equally valid. Simon Karas proposed to decrease this ambiguity by re-introducing some of the old (paleographic) qualitative sings, to differentiate between different possible embellishments.
Modes interpretation.
Karas also attempted to revise the classification of musical modes, used by church chanters and choirs, from a musicological point of view, and not necessarily in line with the traditional 8-modes classification system. He also tried to guess and reconstruct the relations and history of these modes and scales, as well as regularities of their internal interval structure.
Most prominent followers.
Among the chanters and choirs embracing the theories and practical proposals of Simon Karas at least to some degree are:

</doc>
<doc id="30984267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984267" title="CHARLOTTE">
CHARLOTTE

CHARLOTTE (Los Angeles Rock Band).
CHARLOTTE is an American hard rock band that formed in Los Angeles, California in 1986. Currently, they are signed to indie label, Eonian Records, under which they released their debut cd, "Medusa Groove", in 2010. Notable Charlotte songs include 'Siren', 'Little Devils', 'Medusa Groove', 'Miss Necrophilia' and 'Ocean Of Love and Mercy'. In 1987, Charlotte started playing on the famed Sunset Strip in Los Angeles, CA. They've played at The Roxy Theatre, The Whisky-a-Go-Go, and most recently The Cat Club in 2010, also on the Strip. They were both a headlining act and support act for the likes of Vixen, E-Z-O, and XYZ. The rock quintet disbanded in 1996, some members continuing to work in the music business, and reunited in 2009 after the deal with Eonian. 
Early years, The late '80s
Charlotte was formed when vocalist Eric Ganz along with guitarists Vinnie Cacciotti and Nick DiBacco moved to L.A. from upstate N.Y. in late 1986 and met up with bassist Rob Thiessen and drummer Eric Brewton. With this lineup the band took to the stages of The Whisky-a-Go-Go and The Roxy, playing alongside bands such as Warrant and Hollywood glam punk band The Zeros. Eventually the band and Rob parted ways and Chris Colovas stepped in as bass player. Rob would go on to form Canadian rock/metal band Noise Therapy in the '90s. As for Charlotte, their sound evolved into a '70s influenced, bluesy, hard rock sound. Teaming up with producer Mike Wolf (ex-guitarist for King Kobra), Charlotte recorded some of the songs that would, in time, be released on their debut album.
The '90s
By 1990 Charlotte was playing the Whisky, The Roxy, and FM Station on a regular basis. They shared the stage with Saraya and Freight Train Jane at the Pomona, CA. National Truck-fest and appeared at The Palace with XYZ (Terry Ilous) and Cry Wolf. They began working with veteran producer Marc DeSisto (Joe Cocker, Melissa Etheridge, U2, Pink Floyd) in creating a sound more reflective of the band's roots; the 1970s rock sound. Gone was the glam image they incorporated when they formed earlier in the '80s. In reviewing one of the band's performances Stephanie Jordan, rock writer for Screamer Magazine, wrote; "Dark, esoteric, and bordering on psychotic, Charlotte proved themselves far above the competition repeatedly throughout their performance...music that actually hurts. Beautiful." Tom Farrell, after being impressed with the band's performance at Hollywood's Red Light District, wrote in Music Connection that Charlotte is 'very unique' and does not fit in to the latest trends. With DeSisto and Mike Wolf producing, the band recorded more songs at various studios in L.A. including Paramount Studios and A & M Studios, both in Hollywood, CA., for their forthcoming release, "Medusa Groove". However, despite interest from a couple of major labels, the album would not be released during this time. Charlotte would play their last show in 1996. Chris ended up playing bass for Sircle Of Silence, featuring ex-Accept/Bangalore Choir vocalist, David Reece, in the mid-'90s. 
The Reunion
In 2009 Stephen Craig, executive producer/owner of Eonian Records, contacted Charlotte and a deal was made for the 2010 release of their debut cd, "Medusa Groove". The album was officially released April 20, 2010 to favorable reviews. UK rock magazine, Fireworks, says in their 2010 issue No. 40 that "Medusa Groove" is "..twelve re-mixed kick-ass songs." Lords Of Metal, a webzine out of the Netherlands, gave "Medusa Groove" Album Of The Month honors shortly after its release and Metalstorm calls the album one of the most eclectic rock albums heard in ages. In November, 2010, with Gary Meadors (Gene Loves Jezebel) on drums, Charlotte reunited for its first show together in almost 15 years, playing The Cat Club on L.A.'s Sunset Strip.
Eric Ganz-Lead Vocals, Nick DiBacco-Guitar, Vinnie Cacciotti-Guitar, Chris Colovas-Bass, Gary Meadors-Drums
Eric D. Brewton-Drums, Rob Thiessen-Bass
Discography-
"Medusa Groove" p & c 2010, Eonian Records
Studio Albums:
"Medusa Groove", Eonian Records (2010)
Influences:
Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple, Guns N' Roses, Faith No More, The Doors, James Brown, Willie Dixon, The Allman Brothers Band, Aerosmith, Jimi Hendrix
Related subjects:
Executive Producer: Stephen Craig at Eonian Records; Production: Mike Wolf, Marc DeSisto; A&M Studios; Paramount Studios; Fireworks magazine; Lyrics written by Eric Ganz, Music written by CHARLOTTE
references:
Music Connection, Los Angeles, vol. 15 no. 5, March 1991, pages 32 and 38
Metal Forces, UK, no 53, Aug 1990, page 58
Crash, Los Angeles, no 4, Oct 1989, pages 40 & 41
Rock City News, Los Angeles, vol. 8 no. 13, 1990, pages 70 & 71
Rock City News, Los Angeles, vol. 9 no. 13, 1991, page 34
Screamer, Los Angeles, Feb 1991, page 12
Screamer, Los Angeles, Jul 1991, page 53
Hollywood Rocks, Los Angeles, no. 21, 1991 
Fireworks UK, issue no. 40, 2010, page 82
http://www.revelationz.net/index.asp?Type=5&Topic=1735
http://www.gracefuldegradation.co.uk/2010/04/charlotte-medusa-groove.html
http://www.lordsofmetal.nl/showinterview.php?id=3345&lang=en
http://www.metalstorm.net/pub/review.php?review_id=7890
http://www.spirit-of-metal.com/groupe-groupe-Sircle_Of_Silence-l-en.html
http://www.spirit-of-rock.com/groupe-groupe-Gene_Loves_Jezebel-l-en.html
http://musicconnection.com/2009/03/mike-wolf-engineer-mixer-producer-musician/
http://www.studioexpresso.com/profiles/marcdesisto.htm
http://dropd.com/issue/5/NTInterview/

</doc>
<doc id="30984281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984281" title="Simoides">
Simoides

Simoides is a genus of 7 species of Afrotropical hoverfly from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.

</doc>
<doc id="30984301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984301" title="Autonoetic consciousness">
Autonoetic consciousness

Autonoetic consciousness is the human ability to mentally place ourselves in the past, in the future, or in counterfactual situations, and to analyze our own thoughts.
Our sense of self affects our behavior, in the present, past and future. It relates to how we reflect on our own past behavior, how we feel about it, and this in turn determines if we do it again .
It is episodic memory that deals with self-awareness and memories of the self . Inward thoughts which can project onto the future actions of the individual . It was “proposed by Tulving for self-awareness, allowing the rememberer to reflect on the contents of episodic memory” .
The self.
Autonoetic consciousness is important in our formation of our “self” identity. What we have done in the past becomes a part of our “self” and the ability to reflect on this influences our behavior in the now.
In psychology, the self is often used for that set of attributes that a person attaches to himself or herself most firmly, the attributes that the person finds it difficult or impossible to imagine himself or herself without . Identity is also used to describe this . A person’s gender is part of their identity but their profession, for example, may not be .
In philosophy, the self is the agent, the knower and the ultimate locus of personal identity . This self, the identity of which is at the bottom of every action, and involved in every bit of knowledge, is the self philosophers worry about .
A straightforward view of the self would be that the self is just the person, and that a person is a physical system . There are two problems with this view. First, the nature of freedom and consciousness has convinced many philosophers that there is a fundamentally non-physical aspect of persons . The second challenge stems from puzzling aspects of self-knowledge, as the knowledge we have of ourselves seems very unlike the knowledge we have of other objects in several ways .
The parietal cortex.
The parietal cortex is the active part of brain involved in autonoetic consciousness. Damage to areas of the parietal cortex can lead to different functioning errors, including changes in personality.
The parietal lobes can be divided into two functional regions. One involves sensation and perception, and the other is concerned with integrating sensory input, primarily with the visual system (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide). The first function integrates sensory information to form a single perception (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide). The second function constructs a spatial coordinate system to represent the world around us (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide).
Individuals with damage to the parietal lobes often show striking deficits, such as abnormalities in body image and spatial relations (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide).
Damage to the left parietal lobe can result in what is called Gerstmann's syndrome which includes right-left confusion, difficulty with writing, and difficulty with mathematics (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide). It can also produce disorders of language, and the inability to perceive objects normally (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide).
Damage to the right parietal lobe can result in neglecting part of the body or space, which can impair many self-care skills such as dressing and washing (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide). Right side damage can also cause difficulty in making things, denial of deficits, and drawing ability (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide).
Bi-lateral damage can cause Bálint's syndrome, a visual attention and motor syndrome (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide). This is characterized by the inability to voluntarily control the gaze, inability to integrate components of a visual scene, and the inability to accurately reach for an object with visual guidance (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide).
Left parietal-temporal lesions can affect verbal memory and the ability to recall strings of digits (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide).
The right parietal-temporal lobe is concerned with non-verbal memory (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide). Right parietal-temporal lesions can produce significant changes in personality (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide).
Lesions in the right parietal lobe influence personality, and this could be because the parietal lobe has to do with our sense of self. Our sense of self is strongly reflected in our personality.
Some common tests for parietal lobe function are: Kimura Box Test (apraxia) and the Two-Point Discrimination Test (somatosensory) (Neuroskills: TBI Resource Guide).
During episodic retrieval, functional imaging studies consistently show differential activity in medial prefrontal and medial parietal cortices .
With positron emission tomography, it has been shown that the medial regions are functionally connected and interact with lateral regions that are activated according to the degree of self-reference .
For example, in one study, during retrieval of previous judgments of oneself, best friend, and the Danish Queen, activation increased in the left lateral temporal cortex and decreased in the right inferior parietal region with decreasing self-reference . The decrease in parietal cortex activation may then prove it is a nodal structure in self representation, functionally connected to both the right parietal and the medial prefrontal cortices . There was a decrease in the efficiency of retrieval of previous judgment of mental Self compared with retrieval of judgment of Other with transcranial magnetic stimulation at a latency of 160 ms, confirming the hypothesis that the medial parietal cortex in this network is essential for episodic memory retrieval with self-representation .
This network is strikingly similar to the network of the resting conscious state, suggesting that self-monitoring is a core function in resting consciousness. .
Episodic memory and the self.
For a coherent and meaningful life, conscious self-representation is mandatory . Autonoetic consciousness is thought to emerge by retrieval of memory of personally experienced events (episodic memory) . Without the ability to reflect on our past experiences, we would be stuck in a state of constant awakening, without a past and therefore unable to prepare for the future.
Episodic memory is the memory we have for our past experiences, which influence our now, and our future. This is different from procedural memory, which is our memory for how to do things. Episodic memories influence our thinking about ourselves, good and bad.
Autobiographical memories can be retrieved from either the first person perspective, in which individuals see the event through their own eyes, or from the third person perspective, in which individuals see themselves and the event from the perspective of an external observer .
A growing body of research suggests that the visual perspective from which a memory is retrieved has important implications for a person's thoughts, feelings, and goals, and is integrally related to a host of self- evaluative processes .
Event related potentials.
ERPs can measure autonoetic consciousness scientifically. Event-related brain potentials (ERPs) are a non-invasive method of measuring brain activity during cognitive processing (Ullman, Michael). The transient electric potential shifts (so-called ERP components) are time-locked to the stimulus onset (e.g., the presentation of a word, a sound, or an image) (Ullman, Michael). Each component reflects brain activation associated with one or more mental operations (Ullman, Michael).
In contrast to behavioral measures such as error rates and response times, ERPs are characterized by simultaneous multi-dimensional online measures of polarity (negative or positive potentials), amplitude, latency, and scalp distribution (Ullman, Michael). Therefore, ERPs can be used to distinguish and identify psychological and neural sub-processes involved in complex cognitive, motor, or perceptual tasks (Ullman, Michael).
Unlike fMRI, they provide extremely high time resolution, in the range of one millisecond (Ullman, Michael).
The methodological advantages of ERPs have resulted in an ever increasing number of ERP studies in cognitive neuroscience, cognitive psychology, psycholinguistics, neurolinguistics, neuropsychology and neurology (Ullman, Michael). ERPs have also been used to identify patients who seem to be "brain-dead" but in fact are not (Ullman, Michael).
There is an event-related potential (ERP) experiment of human recognition memory that explored the relation between conscious awareness and electrophysiological activity of the brain . ERPs were recorded from healthy adults while they made “remember” and “know” recognition judgments about previously seen words , reflecting “Autonoetic” and “Noetic” awareness, respectively . The ERP effects differed between the two kinds of awareness while they were similar for “true” and “false” recognition .
In a study of real-time noninvasive recordings of the brain's electrical activity (event-related potentials, ERPs), there was a common neural “signature” that is associated with self-referential processing regardless of whether subjects are retrieving general knowledge (noetic awareness) or re-experiencing past episodes (autonoetic awareness) .
Social anxiety disorder.
Social anxiety disorder is an example of how bad experiences can also lead to our behaviors. It demonstrates how our thoughts influence our feelings about ourselves and therefore our actions in society around us. It has to do with a person’s self-esteem, fear of failure, shame, fear of offending, and fear of strangers.
Cognitive models of social anxiety disorder (SAD) believe the social self is a key psychological mechanism that maintains fear of negative evaluation in social and performance situations . Consequently, a distorted self-view is evident when recalling painful autobiographical social memories, as reflected in linguistic expression, negative self-beliefs, and emotion and avoidance .
To test this hypothesis, 42 adults diagnosed with SAD and 27 non-psychiatric healthy controls composed autobiographical narratives of distinct social anxiety related situations, generated negative self-beliefs, and provided emotion and avoidance ratings .
Although narratives were matched for initial emotional intensity and present vividness, linguistic analyses demonstrated that, compared to the control group, the SAD group employed more self-referential, anxiety, and sensory words, and made fewer references to other people . Social anxiety symptom severity, however, was associated with greater self-referential NSB in SAD only .
SAD reported greater current self-conscious emotions when recalling autobiographical social situations, and greater active avoidance of similar situations than did the control group . Autobiographical memory of social situations in SAD may influence current and future thinking, emotion, and behavioral avoidance .

</doc>
<doc id="30984309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984309" title="Du Du A">
Du Du A

Du Du A (Serbian Cyrillic: Ду Ду А) is a Serbian alternative rock band from Belgrade.
History.
Du Du A was formed in 1981 by the former Grupa I member Dejan Kostić (guitar, bass, vocals) and the former VIA Talas member Vuk Vujačić. The two started writing material which featured a combination of funk, reggae and dance music. During the late 1981, the band was joined by the former Ganeša member Zoran Zagorčić (keyboards, vocals). A number of musicians collaborated with the group, including Nebojša Antonijević "Riki Rif", Goran Vejvoda, Bebi Dol, Saša Habić, Dejan Stanisavljević, Aleksandar Jaćimović, Igor Gorstuški and Vlada Funtek.
Their debut single "Ja Tarzan, ti Džejn" ("I Tarzan, You Jane") was one of the first Yugoslav recordings to feature a form of rap music. The single appeared on the debut album "Primitivni ples" ("Primitive Dance"), produced by Dejan Kostić, presenting the band's interest in a diverse range of at the time popular genres. The album featured the prominent songs "Solar", "Ja ne bi, ne bi, ne bi" ("I Would Not, Would Not, Would Not") and "Strast" ("Passion"), a cover version of the blues standard "Fever". The song "Znaš li devojku" ("Do You Know The Girl") featured the African American vocalist Steve Haningtnon "Steva Šumadinac". 
After the album release, during 1983 and 1984, the band was on hiatus because Kostić had been in Egypt, performing in Cairo clubs. On his return, the band resumed their activities. However, with the exception of the single "Irie", released in 1985, the band had not released any material until the appearance of the acoustic version of the song "Era Vulgaris", recorded at the unplugged festival held on January 1994 in Sava Centar, on the various artists live album "Bez struje" ("Unplugged"), released by MTS Records in 1994.
The comeback album "Ritual", released in 1996 on compact cassette only, beside the material entirely written by Kostić also featured a cover version of the Stevie Wonder song "I Wish" with lyrics in Serbian language entitled "San" ("A Dream"). Kostić recorded all the instruments on the album with the help of Miloš Pavlović (guitar, co-producer, co-author, sound technician), Nenad Jovanović (vocals), Srđan Marković "Đile" (vocals) Aleksandar Jaćimović (saxophone) and Dejan Stanisavljević (piano).
The band's final lineup was Dejan Kostić (vocals, sampler, guitars, bass, rhythm machine) and Vesna Zafirović (vocals).
On July 7, 2013, Dejan Kostić died from injuries in a car accident.
Legacy.
The song "Znaš li devojku" appeared on the 95th place of the "B92 Top 100 Domestic Songs" list polled by the listeners of Radio B92 in 2006.
The Serbian alternative rock band Svi na Pod! covered the song "Afrikanac u Beogradu" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30984313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984313" title="Hashimpura massacre">
Hashimpura massacre

On 24 May 2007, twenty years after the incident, two survivors and members of 36 victim families visited Lucknow and filed 615 applications under The Right to Information Act 2005 (RTI), at the office of Director General of Police seeking information about the case. The inquiry revealed in September that all accused remained in service, and none had any mention of the incident in their Annual Confidential Report (ACR)s. Five men who were shot and survived, later became witness for the prosecution case in 2007. These include Muzib-ur-Rehman, Mohamad Usman, Zulfiqar Nasir, and Naeem Arif.
The incident.
After communal riots had taken over Meerut in April 1987, in a communally charged atmosphere after the Babri Mosque at Ayodhya was opened by the Central government for worship by Hindus after several decades; PAC was called in, but was withdrawn as the riots subsided. However violence erupted again around 19 May, when 10 Hindus were killed as arson escalated, thus Army was called out to stage a flag march. Seven companies of CRPF has reached the city during the day, while 30 companies of PAC were being rushed in and indefinite curfew was declared. In the following day, mobs burned down "Gulmarg" cinema hall, and as the death toll rose to 22 and 75 injured, shoot-at-sight orders were issued on 20 May 1987. Union Urban Development Minister, Mohsina Kidwai, and member of the Lok Sabha from Meerut constituency,with Abdul Khaliq Mufti,General Secretary of Jamiat-e-ulemai Hind Uttar Pradesh after visiting the city stated, she had never seen ""such a horrible face of arson before in my life"".
On the night of 22 May 1987, 19 PAC personnel, under platoon commander Surinder Pal Singh, rounded up Muslims in the Hashimpur mohalla in Meerut, the old and the children were later separated and let go. Then they allegedly took about 40–45 of them, mostly daily wage labourers and weavers, in a truck to the Upper Ganga canal in Murad Nagar, Ghaziabad district, instead of taking them to the police station. Here some of them were shot, one by one, and thrown into the canal. A bullet also injured one of the PAC constables. After some were killed, the headlights of passing vehicles made PAC personnel flee the spot with those alive. Four of those shot escaped, either by pretending dead and then swimming away, one of them filed a first information report (FIR) at the Murad Nagar Police Station.
The remaining men were next taken in the truck to the Hindon River Canal near Makanpur village in Ghaziabad, shot and their bodies thrown into the canal. Here again, two of the persons who were shot at, survived and lodged an FIR at the Link Road Police Station.
Aftermath.
As the news of the incident spread across the media, minority rights organisations and human right organisation voiced their outrage. Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi visited the city and the riot affected areas on 30 May along with Chief Minister Vir Bahadur Singh . Human rights body, People's Union for Civil Liberties(PUCL) appointed an investigation committee comprising the then President of PUCL (former Justice) Rajindar Sachar, I K Gujral (who later became Prime Minister of India), and others, and the committee brought out its report on 23 June 1987.
In 1988, the Government of Uttar Pradesh ordered an inquiry by the Crime Branch Central Investigation Department (CBCID) of Uttar Pradesh Police. The three-member official investigation team headed by former auditor general Gian Prakash submitted its report in 1994, though it wasn't made public till 1995, when victims moved the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court.
During the CBCID inquiry, Sub-Inspector Virendra Singh, then in charge of the Link Road Police Station, stated that upon receiving information about the incident he headed towards the Hindon Canal, where he saw a PAC truck heading back from the site. When he chased the truck, he saw it enter 41st Vahini camp of the PAC. Vibhuti Narain Rai, Superintendent of Police, Ghaziabad, and Naseem Zaidi, District Magistrate, Ghaziabad, also reached 41st Vahini and tried tracing the truck through senior PAC officers, but to no avail. In its report, the CB-CID recommended prosecution of 37 employees of the PAC and the police department, and 1 June 1995, the government gave permission for 19 of them to be prosecuted. Subsequently, on 20 May 1997, Chief Minister Mayawati, gave permission for prosecution of the remaining 18 officials.
Court case.
After the inquiry, chargesheet was filed with the Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM), Ghaziabad in 1996 under Section 197 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), who subsequently issued warrants to the accused policemen to appear before the court. Bailable warrants were issued 23 times against them between 1994 and 2000, yet none of them appeared in court. This was followed by non-bailable warrants which were issued 17 times between April 1998 and April 2000, to no avail. Eventually, under public pressure, 16 of the accused surrendered before the Ghaziabad court in 2000, and were subsequently released on bail and were back in service.
In 2001, after inordinate delay in pre-trial proceedings at Ghaziabad, kins of victims and survivors filed a petition before the Supreme Court for transferring the case from Ghaziabad to New Delhi stating that the conditions there would be more conducive, which the Supreme Court granted in September, 2002. But the case couldn't start, as the state government didn't appoint a Special Public Prosecutor for the case till November 2004, though he was later replaced by S. Adlakha, as the former was found to be under-qualified. Finally, in May 2006, charges were filed against all the accused PAC men for murder, conspiracy to murder, attempt to murder, tampering with evidence etc. under Sections 302/ 120B/ 307/ 201/ 149/ 364/ 148/ 147 of the Indian Penal Code, and the trial listed to begin in July.
On 15 July 2006, the day when the trial was to begin, it was deferred to 22 July by Additional Sessions Judge N P Kaushik of Delhi Sessions Court, after the prosecution said authorities in Uttar Pradesh are yet to send important case material to Delhi. He also issued notices both to the Chief Secretary and Law Secretary of Uttar Pradesh state seeking an explanation as to "why this case has not been dealt with appropriately on an urgent basis". Later, when on 15 July, the trials began, and when one of four survivors, Zulfikar Nasser deposed in front of additional sessions judge N. P. Kaushik at the Tis Hazari, three of the 19 original accused including platoon commander Surender Pal Singh, under whose instructions the massacre was allegedly committed, were already dead. Later on the second day, when the case property was sought by the judge, it was revealed that the rifles used had already been redistributed amongst the "jawans" of 41-B Vahini Battalion of the PAC (to which the accused belonged), after forensic analysis by CFSL Hyderabad. As per a survivor witness Mohamad Usman, who deposed in February 2007.."after three boys were pulled out and shot point blank the others in the truck started screaming so the PAC jawans opened fire to quieten them".
By May 2010, 63 of the 161 persons listed as witnesses, by CB-CID of Uttar Pradesh Police, which investigated the case had been examined. On 19 May 2010, 4 witnesses in the case recorded their statements in front of Additional Sessions Judge, Manu Rai Sethi at a Delhi Court. These include Sirajuddin, Abdul Gaffar, Abdul Hamid and the then Officer on Special Duty (OSD) Law and Order G L Sharma.
On 16 October 2012 Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy moved Delhi court seeking probe into the alleged role of Union Minister of State for Home at the time, P.Chidambaram's in the Hashmirpura massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="30984316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984316" title="Simone Masini">
Simone Masini

Simone Masini (born 23 October 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays for Catanzaro, on loan from Ascoli. Masini spent most of his career in Italian third division, for Lucchese, Lanciano and Monza.
Biography.
Lucchese.
Born in Pisa, Tuscany, Masini started his professional career in Lucchese, about 17 km away. He scored 10 goals in 2003–04 Serie C1 but scored once next season. On 31 January 2005 he left for Serie B club Cesena in exchange with Giuseppe De Feudis, a day after winning Acireale as substitute. Masini returned to Lucca on 1 July 2005, scored 24 goals in 3 Serie C1 seasons.
Ascoli.
On 10 July 2008 he left for Serie B club Ascoli in co-ownership deal. In June 2009 Lucchese transferred the remain 50% registration rights to Ascoli.
On 27 July 2009 he left for Lanciano. On 21 July 2010 Ascoli announced that Masini would join Gubbio but never finalized. In October 2010 Ascoli re-registered Masini as no.6 after just played for Ascoli in pre-season. On 31 January 2011, he swapped club with Giovanni Kyeremateng. Monza was struggling to avoid relegation as the team was at the second from the bottom in round 21. He scored in his debut against Bassano, losing 1–2. The coach then continued to use Masini paired with team topscorer Carlo Ferrario. However he failed to score again and losing his starting place.
On 31 August 2011 he was signed by Catanzaro on loan with option to purchase.
International career.
He capped for feeder teams of Italy U-21: the Italy U-20 team and Italy under-21 Serie B representative team in 2003–04 and 2004–05 season. He also capped for Italy U-21 B team especially for 2005 Mediterranean Games and for a preparation match against Serie D Best XI before the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="30984328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984328" title="Meromacroides">
Meromacroides

Meromacroides is a monotypic genus of Afrotropical hoverfly from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.

</doc>
<doc id="30984344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984344" title="University of Virginia Demographics and Workforce Group">
University of Virginia Demographics and Workforce Group

The Demographics & Workforce Group at the University of Virginia is a research and training organization responsible for producing annual population estimates for the Commonwealth of Virginia.
History.
The Demographics & Workforce Group was first formed on June 1,
1940, when the Virginia State Planning Board appointed Lorin Thompson
as the director. The Demographics & Workforce Group began producing
Virginia county and city population estimates in the late 1950s. In
1967, when the United States Census Bureau undertook its Federal-State
Cooperative Program to improve population estimates, Governor Mills
Godwin designated the Demographics & Workforce Group Virginia's
"official source of statistics on population."
Legal Mandate.
The "Code of Virginia" stipulates that the Weldon Cooper Center Demographics & Workforce Group's annual population estimates shall be preferred over those estimates produced by the Census Bureau and used in any governmental formulae or decisions requiring population estimates.
§ 15.2-4202. Definitions:
""Population," unless a different census is clearly set forth, means the number of inhabitants according to the United States census latest preceding the time at which any provision dependent upon population is being applied, or the time as of which it is being construed, unless there is available an annual estimate of population prepared by the Weldon Cooper Center for Public Service of the University of Virginia, which has been filed with the Department of Housing and Community Development, in which event the estimate shall govern"
Accuracy.
In recent decades the University of Virginia Demographics &
Workforce Group's Virginia county and city population estimates have been shown to be more accurate than the Census Bureau's. The discrepancy between the two population estimates is in
large part due to Demographics and Workforce Group using an estimates
methodology ratio correlation that is more applicable to Virginia's
unique local government structure.

</doc>
<doc id="30984348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984348" title="Grand Lake (Timiskaming)">
Grand Lake (Timiskaming)

Grand Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in the Unorganized West Part of Timiskaming District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.
The lake is long and wide and lies at an elevation of about south west of the community of Gowganda. The primary inflows are Wampus Creek at the southwest and an unnamed creek arriving from Fisher Lake at the west, and the primary outflow is also Wampus Creek at the northeast, which flows via the West Montreal River, the Montreal River and Lake Timiskaming to the Ottawa River.

</doc>
<doc id="30984353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984353" title="Albert Kinert">
Albert Kinert

Albert Kinert (born in 1919 in Vinkovci, Croatia and died in 1987 in Zagreb, Croatia) was a Croatian artist and illustrator who worked in the media of painting and graphic arts. 
Under the pseudonym Toma Božić he made a series of comics published in the magazines Zabavnik ("The Perished City" and "The Explorers of the West"), Kerempuh ("The Story of Caliph the Tyrant", "The Golden Key" and "Nasreddin Hodja") and Pokret ("Beware of the Hand of Senj"). He was also an illustrator for the magazines Otkrića, Suvremena tehnika, Vjesnik u srijedu and for many books including: "Bakonja fra Brne" and "Priče iz davnina (Tales of Long Ago)". He also published seven graphic maps (notably, in 1943 he published the map "40 Lithographs"). He participated at the first exhibition of the Mart group in 1957, after which he founded the Zagreb 58 group together with Zlatko Prica, Edo Murtić, Nikola Reiser, Ivan Picelj, Vojin Bakić, Kosta Angeli Radovani and Dušan Džamonja. From 1954 to 1956 he taught at the School of Applied Arts in Zagreb. In the early 1960s he was appointed assistant professor at the Academy of Fine Arts in Zagreb and later as full professor (1971–1984). 
He exhibited at many solo and group shows in Croatia and abroad. He had a retrospective exhibition at the Modern Gallery, Zagreb (1985). He received nine awards, including the Honorary Award by an international jury at the 2nd International Exhibition of Graphic Arts (Ljubljana, 1957), the JAZU (Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts) Cabinet of Graphics Award (1960), the Grigor Vitez Award for Illustration (for the book "The Most Beautiful Classical Motifs", Školska knjiga, 1970), the Vladimir Nazor Award (Exhibition of Graphics and Drawings, JAZU Cabinet of Graphics, 1970) and the Grand Prix at the 7th Slavonija Painting Biennale (1979).

</doc>
<doc id="30984370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984370" title="N'fa">
N'fa

N'fa (born N'fa Forster-Jones; also known as N'fa Jones) is an African Australian rapper born in London, but raised in Perth, Western Australia, best known as the frontman for 1200 Techniques. Forster-Jones was a nationally ranked 110m hurdler and placed 3rd at the 2001 and 2002 Australian Championships, and 4th in the 2000 Olympic trials. His personal best recorded time was 14.08s (wind: +1.8) set in Brisbane on 25 March 2001, tho clocked 13.91 "unofficial" in Auckland's trans-tasman test meet in 2001.
Early life.
His mother Michela Johnson is from Western Australia. His father, Quashie Forster-Jones is from Sierra Leone. Forster-Jones met Heath Ledger at Guildford Grammar School and remained friends until the actor's death in 2008. At a young age, Forster-Jones also dabbled in acting and appeared in a Tim Tam commercial and a small role in the film "Queen of the Damned" - a 2002 film adaptation of the third novel of Anne Rice's, starring Aaliyah and Stuart Townsend.
Musical career.
As of 2006, Forster-Jones has shipped over 50,000 albums with 1200 Techniques alone. In 2010, N'fa re-released the song "Cause An Effect" remastered as an EP with various remixes of the track and video clip on iTunes.
In 2011 N'fa became known as N'fa Jones (with the introduction of his surname) with the release of the collaborative single "Wayooy" Ft Roots Manuva and M-Phazes, the lead single from his EP "Babylondon" on Australian Independent Label Rubber Records, who he originally signed to with Hip Hop act 1200 Techniques.
Heath Ledger (child hood friend of N'fa) conceived and directed two video clips for his "Cause An Effect" solo album in 2006 ("Seduction Is Evil", and the title track "Cause An Effect").

</doc>
<doc id="30984371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984371" title="The Wedding of Lilli Marlene">
The Wedding of Lilli Marlene

The Wedding of Lilli Marlene is a 1953 British drama film directed by Arthur Crabtree and starring Lisa Daniely, Hugh McDermott and Sid James. Lilli Marlene searches for her break on the London stage.

</doc>
<doc id="30984382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984382" title="American Treasures">
American Treasures

American Treasures is a reality television show on Discovery Channel. The series premiered on February 22, 2011 and features archaeology professors Dr. Jason De León and Dr. Kirk French, who often receive inquiries from everyday Americans who think they possess items that may have historical significance.

</doc>
<doc id="30984385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984385" title="Ferula communis">
Ferula communis

Ferula communis (the giant fennel) is a species in the genus "Ferula" of the Apiaceae. Despite the name, the plant is not a type of fennel proper, which belongs to another genus ("Foeniculum").
"Ferula communis" is a tall herbaceous perennial. It is found in Mediterranean woodlands and shrublands. It was known in antiquity as "narthex".
The name of the phenolic compound ferulic acid comes from the giant fennel Latin name, where the compound can be isolated.
In Greek mythology, Prometheus steals fire from the gods to give to man by hiding it in a fennel stalk.

</doc>
<doc id="30984386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984386" title="George B. Dresbach">
George B. Dresbach

George B. Dresbach (1825 – 1887) was an American politician from Minnesota.
Born in Pickaway County, Ohio, Dresbach served in the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1868 and 1878. He founded the unincorporated community of Dresbach, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="30984387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984387" title="Solenaspis">
Solenaspis

Solenaspis is a monotypic genus of hoverfly from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.

</doc>
<doc id="30984403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984403" title="Leptoteuthis">
Leptoteuthis

Leptoteuthis is a monospecific genus of cephalopod known primarily from gladii, with soft parts often preserved in the German Solnholfen limestone.

</doc>
<doc id="30984404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984404" title="Jim &quot;Razor&quot; Sharp">
Jim &quot;Razor&quot; Sharp

Jim Sharp (born 6 October 1965) is an American retired professional bull rider native to West Texas. In 1988, the Texan became the first bull rider in the PRCA’s National Finals Rodeo history to ride each of his 10 bulls during the champion-crowning event. The record-breaking performance earned Sharp his first of two PRCA World Champion Bull Rider titles. He rode professionally for 16 years, and was a founding father of the PBR. His name is included in any list of all-time bull riding greats, and in the estimation of many, he may have been the single most talented bull rider in history.
Early life.
Jim Sharp, nicknamed "The Razor", was born in Kermit, Texas to a rodeo family in 1965. He is of English descent. Sharp's father, James Sharp, was, himself, a calf roper and exposed Sharp to "Rodeo Fever". He rode his first steer in 1974 at the age of nine in Pecos, Texas while competing in an American Junior Rodeo Association event. By the time Sharp was 13 years old, he was riding junior bulls in American Junior Rodeo Association or AJRA rodeos. Sharp was AJRA reserve steer riding champion in the 12 and under class in 1978 and soon thereafter Champion Bull Rider at the AJRA National Finals in the 13-15 age class. At 16, Sharp was competing in sanctioned high school rodeo events at the National High School Rodeo Association or NHSRA as well as the AJRA events, placing at the top or near the top in many of the competitions. Sharp won his first of four bull riding championship titles in 1981 at the American Junior Rodeo Association and went on to win the Texas High School All-Around title in 1984, his senior year at Kermit High School.
Career.
College years.
Odessa College's Wrangler coach, Jim Watkins, "discovered" Jim and his riding abilities at AJRA events and successfully recruited Jim into the Odessa College Rodeo program. Jim competed on a regular basis at Billy Bob's at the Stockyards in Fort Worth, Texas. The college years were also the beginnings of Jim's professional riding career; becoming Rookie of the year in 1986 in the PRCA or the Professional Rodeo Cowboy's Association and qualifying for his first National Finals Rodeo. As a rookie in the PRCA in 1986, he won the Resistol Rookie of the Year and Texas Circuit rookie of the year titles in the bull riding and set a new record for most money won in a rookie year ($100,160). He also qualified for his first of seven consecutive trips to the National Finals Rodeo.
PRCA championships.
In 1988, he rode his way into the history books by becoming the first bull rider to ride all 10 bulls at the National Finals Rodeo. The record-breaking performance earned Sharp his first of two PRCA world titles. The following year, he won the NFR bull riding average for the second consecutive year and in 1990, he won his second world title. His last year to qualify for the NFR was 1992, when he picked up his third bull riding average title.
Obstacles and injuries.
Persistent injuries during the 1993 and 1994 season fairly well side-lined Jim. However, he made a limited comeback in 1995, riding in the Southwestern Livestock and exposition Show and Rodeo in Fort Worth finishing 2nd in that event. Nevertheless, the nagging, slow healing injuries continued to take its toll on Jim's career. He finished 7th in 1996 and in the top 15 in 1997. 1998 was not a good year for Jim as he finished 48th overall in the Bud Light Cup Series and spent the majority of the year with yet another injury. This time, he suffered from a dislocated shoulder.
Later successes.
Finishing 31st in the Bud Light Cup standings for 1999, Sharp felt his riding career was back on track. He finished third in two events, won the event at the Copenhagen Tough Company event Poplar Bluff, Missouri and rode four of five bulls at the 1999 PBR World Finals (which included a 94-point ride in round 2 on the previously unridden bull Jim Jam).
The 2000 Bud Light Cup season ended for Sharp with a 15th-place ranking, 4,013 Bud Light Cup points and earnings of $74,856 plus solid top five (2nd, 3rd and 5th) finishes in three major events and a championship at the Copenhagen Tough Co. event in Lufkin, Texas. For 2001, Jim rode to an 11th place ranking and more than $122,000.00 in total winnings. His 2001 season included a win at the Bud Light Cup event in Phoenix, Arizona, his first PBR major-league event win since 1996.
The 2002 season was a career year for Sharp. He had very strong showings at many events, including his namesake event in Odessa, Texas. He also garnered the event championship at the Tuff Hedeman Championship Challenge in Fort Worth as well as Bullnanza in Guthrie, Oklahoma, the Jerome Davis Challenge (Greensboro, North Carolina) and the Portland Open. He led the Bud Light Cup standings for most of the year before stumbling in the second half of the year and eventually being surpassed by eventual World Champion Ednei Caminhas. Sharp still finished the 2002 season 4th in the world with $281,315.50 in earnings.
The 2003 Built Ford Tough Series (BFTS) season was a tough ride for Sharp. He did have a few top 10 finishes, including a 5th place finish in Tampa, a 2nd place finish in St. Louis, and an 8th place finish at the Tuff Hedeman Challenge in Fort Worth. But he battled through some injuries along the way, including a complex scalp laceration and bruised ribs in Fort Worth, and a leg injury in Atlantic City. He also pulled out of the World Finals after three rounds due to shoulder trouble. He finished 16th in the world that year with earnings of $56,102.94.
Due to shoulder surgery in the offseason, Sharp did not return to competition until late into the 2004 season. Unable to amass enough points to stay on the Built Ford Tough Series, he was cut from the tour following the BFTS event in Grand Rapids, Michigan. It would prove to be his last PBR big-league appearance.
After spending much of the 2005 season on the PBR's lower tours, Sharp decided to call it a career.

</doc>
<doc id="30984419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984419" title="2011 Conference USA Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 Conference USA Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Conference USA Men's Basketball Tournament was held from March 9–12, 2011 at the Don Haskins Center in El Paso, Texas. 
Seeding for the tournament was determined by the conference standings at the end of the regular season. Memphis defeated UTEP in the conference final by a score of 67–66. Memphis, as tournament champion, received an automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="30984420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984420" title="OpenEI">
OpenEI

Open Energy Information (OpenEI) is a website for policy makers, researchers, technology investors, venture capitalists, and market professionals with energy data, information, analyses, tools, images, maps, and other resources. It was established by the United States Department of Energy on December 9, 2009.
Description.
OpenEI provides two primary mechanisms for sharing structured information: a semantic wiki (using MediaWiki and the Semantic MediaWiki extension) for collaboratively-managed resources, and a dataset upload mechanism for contributor-controlled resources. In both cases, the resulting data is made available via Linked Data standards whenever possible. Development of the system is led by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, in collaboration with other national laboratories. OpenEI, as part of the U.S. Department of Energy's effort to make data open, is in the public domain under the CC0 public domain dedication.
Users search, edit, add and access data in OpenEI for free. OpenEI serves researchers, entrepreneurs, policy makers, students, and more generally, consumers interested in renewable energy. Region-specific data on OpenEI is organized on a world map. These regional pages derive data from many sources including Reegle's policy information, census information and various energy datasets from the Energy Information Administration.
The OpenEI utility rate database includes US utility rates.
The incentive gateway at OpenEI allows users to browse and download data from the Database of State Incentives for Renewables and Efficiency (DSIRE), as well as crowd-sourced local incentives.
The LatinoAmerica gateway on OpenEI is run by several members of the Centro de Energías Renovables (CER) in Chile. The goal is to link the national labs in Latin America together related to energy.
OpenEI uses Amazon Web Services such as the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) and was featured in an Amazon EC2 case study.

</doc>
<doc id="30984423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984423" title="Oberbruch Industry Park">
Oberbruch Industry Park

Oberbruch Industry Park (German: Industriepark Oberbruch), is a former site of Akzo Nobel in Heinsberg, Germany's most western district, near the Dutch border. It was founded in 1891 as a location for fiber industries. It is the birthplace of the German rayon and man-made fiber industry. Today, it is a diversified multi-user site, hosting companies from fields of industry such as high-performance fibers and energy technologies as well as from industrial biotechnology. Oberbruch Industry Park is the competency center for carbon (fiber) technology in North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW). Since 2000, the industry park has been operated by the Dutch energy company Nuon, the first independent industrial park operator not to come from the chemical industry. Since January 7, 2009 N.V. Nuon Energy has been part of Vattenfall.
Rayon and man-made fibre industry.
Rheinische Glühlampenfabrik Dr. Max Fremery & Co.
Today's Oberbruch Industry Park was founded as "Rheinische Glühlampenfabrik Dr. Max Fremery & Co“. In 1891, Max Fremery, a chemist from Cologne and Johann Urban, an engineer from Austria, chose a former paper mill as their base. They intended to search for a filament that offered high efficiency in production and energy consumption and a longer life.
In 1892 the two were successful in producing filaments in substantial quantities through precipitating from cellulose dissolved in copper oxide ammonium solutions. At first, the copper rayon was used as incandescent filament in light bulb production. An improved process refined the first rough and uneven filament to increase its strength and elasticity. This would enable the spinning of a material that compared to silk. In 1897, Fremery and Urban applied for a patent for their method. In the history of the textile industry, the so-called "Pauly Patent" is considered as the beginning of German rayon production. Although bulb production was discontinued in 1902, rayon production advanced on an industrial scale.
Vereinigte Glanzstoff-Fabriken AG.
In 1899 Vereinigte Glanzstoff-Fabriken AG with headquarters in Elberfeld was founded. Eventually the Bergische trimming and braiding industry with its "Barmer Articles" became the most important buyer of Oberbruch rayon. As early as 1900, a hall accommodating 18 spinning machines opened. For the first time, a joint spinning vessel was set up in a nearby room and from there the material was pressed to the individual spinning frames and further to numerous capillary tubes. This formed the foundation of the continuous spinning process still used today. The inventor was Eduard Boos, engineer and Fremery's son-in-law.
Despite the economic success of copper rayon (tenfold increase of annual production, sixfold increase of turnover, fivefold increase of manpower by 1912), the future belonged to the viscose process invented in England. In 1911, Glanzstoff acquired the viscose patent which advanced to production line status in Oberbruch. The original copper rayon was completely withdrawn in 1916. During the First World War Oberbruch was the only Glanzstoff plant to continue production at a limited level despite declining demand and a lack of labour.
A lack of raw material forced the rayon industry to take new steps. Staple fiber as replacement for cotton was the new product, waste threads of man-made continuously spinnable filaments cut to staple length. In 1916, the first staple filament spinning machine was put into operation. It was developed by Emil Bronnert, a chemist and Eduard Boos, an engineer.
This positive development did not last long. The Great Depression hit the Glanzstoff particularly hard. Declining demand led to extensive dismissals. At the peak of the crisis in 1932, the company had a workforce of 2,200 employees compared to 6,300 in 1925.
The only innovation was the introduction of perforated aluminium rollers enabling the production of even bigger weaves. This was the last expansion for many years. The strategic economic planning of the National Socialist Government prohibited investments and company expansions in borderline regions.
The Oberbruch plant became a research and development facility for the Glanzstoff Group. In 1935, the first tests for the production of rayon for tyres and driving belts were performed. A pilot plant for continuous spinning, washing and drying of viscose silk began in 1937, while a process for the recovery of carbon disulphide in the rayon staple plant was developed.
During World War II Glanzstoff Oberbruch went through its most difficult years. Until September 1944 the factory continued to operate without severe disruptions. On September 19, the 45th anniversary of the works, all machines had to be stopped. Oberbruch was now on the front line.
In February 1947 Allied forces allowed production to resume. At the end of 1948, Glanzstoff's workforce had grown to 3,400. In December 1951, the first machine for continuous viscose spinning was set up to replace the glass-roller spinning process. In 1953, the last glass-roller spinning machine was turned off.
Perlon.
Apart from textile and technical rayon ("Cordenka“), which due to its raw material was considered a natural fiber, Oberbruch entered the world of fully synthetic fibers and introduced Perlon (polyamide, PA6).
The fast growing synthesis division changed the structure of the plant. Old departments closed. 1958 saw the start of Diolen (polyethylene terephthalate, PET) spinning which gradually replaced Perlon. PET became the main product at the site. Perlon was discontinued in 1971.
Steel cord.
At the beginning of the 1960s, the first tests for the manufacture of steel cord were undertaken. The company wanted to include tyre reinforcement material in its product range. A large-scale production was established in Oberbruch in 1969 which Akzo ceased again in 1991 for reason of international competition and establishment of tyre manufacturers' own capacities.
In the second half of the 1960s, the number of employees reached a peak of 7,088. Glanzstoff remained a world leader in the production of man made fibers and their basic products up to the 1970s.
PET.
Investment at the beginning of the 1970s focused on modernization and streamlining. This was the only way the increasingly brisk competition could be countered. The group's management decided that the Oberbruch site should pioneer this modernization, since it had gained strategic importance with the textile polyester yarn PET. With an annual production of more than 43,000 tons it became the biggest polyester filament plant of the Group. Innovative spinning techniques now included high-speed melt spinning and spin-stretching. Advancing polyester condensation was another target. However, the oil crisis of 1973-1974 damaged the investment program. Only 4 high-speed melt spinning machines were installed.
Crisis.
The unprecedented crisis in man-made fiber production shook the industry in the mid 70s. Part-time work, downsizing, limited output, investment cut-back and restructuring were the consequences. The first steps towards the establishment of an industrial park were taken. In 1978, "Spinneret Center Oberbruch“ changed into "Enka tecnica“. The product range included spinnerets, components and testing equipment for the man-made fiber, textile and plastics industry.
1980s.
On September 13, 1985 the foundation stone of the state-of-the-art PEt spinning mill was laid. This enabled Oberbruch to become the largest and most efficient European producer of polyester filament. In 1986, Oberbruch was again pacemaker of the latest technical innovation. The production of high-performance carbon (fiber) Tenax started. In 1983, Enka AG, a company of the Akzo Group signed a license agreement for the production of carbon fiber with Toho Rayon Co. Ltd., Tokyo. Since 1986, carbon fibers with an initial capacity of 360 tons per annum have been produced in Oberbruch. 1990 marked the operational start of the research facility. In 1993, Akzo Nobel Faser AG includes the carbon fiber activities in a joint venture with the licensor Toho Rayon Co. Ltd. Toho Tenax Fibers GmbH & Co. KG is established. Today, Toho Tenax Europe GmbH, a subsidiary of Teijin, Japan, boasts production with 4 lines at the Oberbruch site and was market leader in Europe.
1990s.
On June 30, 1993 Cordenka production was discontinued due to worldwide over-capacity. As Oberbruch was the smallest Cordenka site within the group, it was closed. The workforce decreased to well below 2,000 employees, the former technical equipment and installation division and the central workshops of the former Akzo Nobel site were outsourced in 1993 and re-established as Hima, today BIS Maintenance Südwest GmbH. The former Group parent Akzo Nobel parted completely with the man-made fiber division while the site's diverse business units became autonomous enterprises. As independent companies, they looked for new partners, initiating the change from a homogenous firm to an open industrial park.
Since 1998 the site has operated as Oberbruch Industry Park. Industriepark Oberbruch GmbH & Co. KG, (IPO), was at that time the service provider for the enterprises located there. Administration and marketing of the entire infrastructure and expansion were the main tasks and objectives of IPO, which had its origin in the service departments of the former Akzo Nobel site. The services to date include supplies, disposal, quality, security, environmental protection, logistics, personnel, project and real estate management.
Twenty-first century.
As Akzo Nobel/Accordis' last operative business unit at the site a new owner was needed as service provider. They decided in favour of an independent operator outside the chemical industry. The Dutch energy company Nuon took over the site in 2000. In 01/07/2009 N.V. Nuon Energy with headquarters in Amsterdam became part of Vattenfall AB. In Germany, Nuon operates Oberbruch Industry Parkand Niederau Industry Park in Düren, in the Netherlands De Kleef Industry Park in Arnhem and EMMTEC Industry & Business Park in Emmen.
Oberbruch Industry Park hosts some 20 companies in the fields of processing chemistry, plastics and new materials with approximately 2,000 employees. It is operated by NUON Energie und Service GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of N.V. Nuon Energy.
Infrastructure.
The Park boasts an infrastructure oriented to chemical production.
Energy supply.
In 2006 a gas and steam turbine power plant (CHP plant) opened, featuring a thermal capacity of 40 MW, a waste heat boiler with 20 MW, a gas turbine generator with 14 MW and a back-pressure steam turbine with 7 MW.
Fuels include natural gas, technical gas such as compressed air, oxygen and nitrogen. Water is provided as drinking water, desalinated water, cooling water. Refrigerants such as cooling brine and ammonia complete the range.
Waste management.
In 1978 a chemical-biological wastewater treatment plant opened on the site cleaning the site's entire industrial water, waste water and surface water. The plant is sized to handle about 150,000 inhabitants, and runs at approximately 50% of capacity.
Site logistics.
Logistics services include incoming and outgoing goods control, stock-holding for raw material, consumables, primary products and finished goods. The Park has its own rail connection.
Companies.
Toho Tenax Europe GmbH manufactures carbon fiber. Toho Tenax Europe is Europe’s largest carbon fiber manufacturer, producing around 5,100 tons of carbon fiber a year on four lines.
In 2006 Australian Ceramic Fuel Cells Ltd settled at the site. The worldwide first production of solid oxide fuel cells for coupled power heat generation was established at Oberbruch Industry Park.
Since 2009, GNT Europe GmbH has produced colors from renewable raw material. GNT develops and produces high-tech products from edible fruits, vegetables and plants.
Since 2007, SAXID GmbH has produced brake linings.
BIS Maintenance Südwest GmbH, is a leading provider of industrial services with focus on process industry and energy management.
Alliander AG became a grid operator via separation from the energy production sector of n.v. Nuon in 2008. Since 1 July 2009 the company as focused on the operation and modernization of electricity and gas grids.
Lekker Energie GmbH originated from Nuon Deutschland GmbHas. As part of the Enervie Group since 1/1/2010. The European Commission imposed the sale of Nuon Deutschland in 2009 on Vattenfall as a condition of the acquisition of the Dutch parent company N.V. Nuon Energy (formerly n.v. Nuon).
Essedea texolutions produces three-dimensional textiles.
E&K has produced printed circuit boards since 1995.
Meckling CNC-Präzisionsbearbeitung has been active at the park since 1994 in producing CNC lathing and CNC cutting workpieces.
PolymerOberbruch GmbH, formerly Kuag's Polykondensation, is owned by Indian Group Zoom Developers (P) Ltd., Bombay. It produced matted chips and plans the production of "brilliant" and "supra-brilliant" chips, for medical applications, chips on heavy-metal-free catalysis basis and for foils as well as flame-retardant chips and chips for the production of PET bottles.
Atos Origin provides IT services.
NUON Energie und Service GmbH, is the operating company of the park.
Prospex is a workshop for mentally handicapped people to develop craft skills in the realistic environment of a workshop.
BKK Euregio was founded in 1896 as a health insurance fund for employees of Max Fremery & Co. and Vereinigte Glanzstoff-Fabriken.
Literature.
Industriepark Oberbruch GmbH & Co.KG (Ed.): "Industriepark Oberbruch - ein Standort wird 100." Heinsberg 1999.
Industrievereinigung Chemiefaser E.V., Druckhaus Tempelhof, Berlin, o.J.: Du und die Chemiefasern
Vereinigte Glanzstoff-Fabriken AG, Wuppertal-Elberfeld, o.J.: Diolen Polyesterfaser - Entwicklung und Möglichkeiten
Robert Bauer; Das Jahrhundert der Chemiefasern, Goldmann Gelbe Taschenbücher, München, 1958
Werner Meyer-Larsen: Chemiefasern, Rowohlt Taschenbuch Verlag GmbH, Reinbeck bei Hamburg, Januar 1972

</doc>
<doc id="30984426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984426" title="Swift Manouver">
Swift Manouver

Swift Manouver were an English rock band from Cheltenham, comprising Kingsley Salmon (guitar, lead vocals), Robert Paget (bass, vocals) Aaron Evans (drums) and Dan Snowden (Rhythm Guitar). 
History.
2009–2010: Early years and Honor Amongst Thieves.
The band started out as a 4 piece indie band with a main vocalist (name unknown), Kingsley playing guitar, Rob on bass and a drummer called Adam. The 4 called themselves Honor Amongst Thieves. Just before the band's first gig however, due to stage fright the vocalist decided to pull out, forcing Kingsley to step up to the microphone. This formation carried on for a few months until Adam left due to issues with commitment. This left Kingsley and Rob with no drummer. That was until they found Aaron.
Bookings, Management and Promotion of the band was dealt with by Paul C. Paget.
2010- May 2012.
Following the astounding release of their 2nd EP "Beast At Its Best" (2011) which saw one of their home regions most amazing launch parties, the band embarked on a tour of The Netherlands, Belgium and France which raised their profile on the European scene.
In 2012 the band embarked on a project with Totem Records to produce the "Frequency" EP and tied in another European tour to promote the release however, due to many issues Totem records failed to finish production of the EP in time for the tour and although there are some rare copies of the promo disc around the album was never released on CD and became a free download for fans via the bands various sites.
In May 2012 following several continually rising issues which, the band failed to resolve it was decided that they would split and their final gig was at "The Thing In The Spring" event at The Frog & Fiddle, Cheltenham.
Sept 2012 - 2013: Rebirth and End of the road..
Following the breakup of the band, pressure came from various fronts (fans, radio stations, promoters etc.) the band decided to give it another try with a couple of changes taking place including the addition to the band of Dan Snowden as a rhythm guitarist and Paul C. Paget stepped down as manager citing personal reasons for the decision (Quote: "when it stops being fun... it's time to get the hell out!!").
However, despite efforts to get along and gigging across the country the previous underlying tensions remained, increasing with some members devoting time to new projects instead of trying moving the band forward.
Finally in July 2013 the decision was made to lay Swift Manouver to rest once and for all and close the Myspace and Facebook pages.
Band members.
Current band members

</doc>
<doc id="30984434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984434" title="East Frisian Gull chicken">
East Frisian Gull chicken

The East Frisian Gull (German: Ostfriesische Möwe) is old hardy landrace of chicken. It is a rare breed. As of 2009, only 218 roosters and 972 hens were officially registered in Germany.
Origin.
It is old landrace from East Frisia, West Frisia and Westfalia. It is closely related with Westphalian chicken and Braekel.
Description.
It is kept in 2 colours: Silver and Gold. The roosters weigh 2,25–3 kg and the hens from 1,75-2,5 kg. The hens produce 180 eggs per year of 55 g weight.

</doc>
<doc id="30984437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984437" title="Gustav Bergmann (soldier)">
Gustav Bergmann (soldier)

Gustav Bergmann (28 April 1914 – 26 August 1944) was a highly decorated Unteroffizier in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Gustav Bergmann was listed as missing in action near Tartu, Estonia on 26 August 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="30984447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984447" title="Railways Illustrated">
Railways Illustrated

Railways Illustrated is a British monthly railway magazine that is published by Key Publishing. Inside there is detail of news, stock changes, tours, and more. It is aimed at railway enthusiasts.
The magazine was launched in 2003, replacing "Railway World", another Ian Allan magazine which had recently ceased publication. In February 2012, all Ian Allan transport magazines were sold to Key Publishing of Stamford, Lincolnshire.
Inside.
On the cover, main news stories are displayed. Inside, the news pages supply a detailed description with pictures where possible. Also, there is usually a main feature, such as Branchline Britain (March 2011 issue), or 'Inside Neville Hill Depot'. Also in the magazine, you'll usually find two pages of modelling, showing you what's currently in Hattons. This is a regular. Another regular is "What's in the next issue" at the end, and as the title suggests, it provides a brief insight into the next issue
Extras.
Occasionally, "Railways Illustrated" will come with a supplement of some sort. These can include a modelling section, special rides, history (for example, the history of the Class 55 in February 2011's issue), and more.

</doc>
<doc id="30984451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984451" title="PIFA F.C.">
PIFA F.C.

Premier India Football Academy Colaba Football Club are an Indian Mumbai Football League football club based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.

</doc>
<doc id="30984458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984458" title="Dorateuthis">
Dorateuthis

Dorateuthis is a genus of cephalopod with a gladius and soft-part anatomy preserved. This cephalopod likely appeared at the end of the Triassic period and disappeared during the latest Cretaceous.

</doc>
<doc id="30984467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984467" title="Energy Bank">
Energy Bank

Energy Bank Sao Tome e Principe, also referred to as Energy Bank STP, but commonly known as Energy Bank, is a commercial bank in Sao Tome. It is one of the Eight (8) commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of São Tomé and Príncipe, the country's banking regulator.
Overview.
, Energy Bank is a small financial services provider in Sao Tome. The banks total assets are estimated at about US$10 million. The shareholders' equity is estimated at about US$6.8 million.
History.
Energy Bank Sao Tome & Principe (STP), commenced operation as Oceanic Bank (STP) on 14th July 2008. Its second branch, in the proximity of the main market was opened on 11th May 2010. A one hundred percent acquisition of the Bank was done by Global Fleet (United Kingdom), under the able leadership of Dr. Jimoh Ibrahim, OFR - Chairman, which transaction transferred ownership and control of Oceanic Bank in June, 2011.
Ownership.
The shares of stock of Energy Bank is privately owned. The are major shareholders in the bank are (a) the Global Fleet UK, (b) the Nicon Insurance, STP, the two principal shareholders are linked to Jimoh Ibrahim, the Nigerian industrialist and entrepreneur who serves as the bank's Chairman. The shareholding in the bank's stock is depicted in the table below:
Governance.
In line with the Policy Guidelines on Corporate Governance issued by the Central Bank of Sao Tome (the Regulator), our Bank’s corporate governance policies are designed to ensure the independence of the Board of Directors, with a firm commitment to adhere to the highest standards of integrity professionally and ethically.
Global Fleet Group.
Energy Bank is a member of Global Fleet Group, a Nigeria-based conglomerate, with business interests in Nigeria, Ghana and São Tomé and Príncipe. The member companies of the Group include the following businesses:

</doc>
<doc id="30984480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984480" title="Thomas Brandon">
Thomas Brandon

Thomas or Tom Brandon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30984492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984492" title="Brandon Thomas (disambiguation)">
Brandon Thomas (disambiguation)

Brandon Thomas (1848 – 1914) was an English actor and playwright, who wrote the hit farce, "Charley's Aunt".
Brandon Thomas is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30984495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984495" title="The Last Assyrians">
The Last Assyrians

The Last Assyrians () is a French documentary film by Robert Alaux.
Synopsis.
This film begins in the Chaldo-Assyrian community of Sarcelles, France (Paris metropolitan area) and tells of the rebuilding of the identity of the Aramaic-speaking Christians. They are one of the first people to convert to Christianity and they still speak and write Syriac, a modern dialect of Aramaic. They are members of the Chaldean Catholic Church, Assyrian Church of the East, Ancient Church of the East, and also of the Syriac Orthodox Church and the Syriac Catholic Church. They originate from northern Iraq, south east Turkey, north east Syria or north west Iran (in essence the area that was known as Assyria from the 25th century BC to the 7th century AD) and are the descendants of the Semitic peoples of ancient Mesopotamia.
Labelled by the European Catholic Church as heretics in the 5th century, they founded Church of the East and Syriac Church (erroneously renamed "Nestorian" and "Jacobite" by Western Christians). They have kept alive one of the oldest Christian liturgies; they translated ancient Greek texts first into Syriac and vice versa, and then into Arabic, and evangelised China, India and Mongolia during the Golden Age of the Arabic Empire.
In 1915, together with the Armenians, they were the victims of ethnically and religiously motivated genocide and many fled to Europe and the United States. Again, they were slaughtered in Iraq in 1933. Even if various names are used to describe them as Assyrians, Chaldo-Assyrians, Chaldeans, Syriacs, Suraye, Suryoyo, Syrians, Arameans etc, they share the same culture and language, and they belong to one people.
Very few of them remain in Tur Abdin (Turkey), where monks protect some of the oldest monasteries of Christianity. There were around 1.5 million Chaldo-Assyrians in Iraq before 1990; now, many are fleeing their ancient homelands in the face of ethnic and religious persecution, and several political movements like the Assyrian Democratic Movement and the Chaldean Syriac Assyrian Popular Council are working to help to maintain their culture.
Now a big part of these communities lives in western countries where the memory of their genocide becomes a central point of their identity.
Production and distribution.
This film is the result of a seven years work in Turkey (Tur Abdin, Qotchanes, Hakkâri), Iraq (before and after the arrival of American troops), Syria, USA and Europe. It contains interviews of Pr. Sebastian Brock (Oxford, UK), and Pr. Joseph Yacoub (Lyon, France), and received support from the Aramaic speaking Churches.
The documentary was made by Lieurac Productions(Paris, France) and financed by the Centre National de la Cinématographie.
It was broadcast on TV channels of Europe, North Africa and Middle East, and selected in several international festivals.
Several screenings took place in France, Lebanon, United Kingdom, Spain, Italy, Germany, Netherland, Belgium, Sweden, United States of America, Costa Rica, Thailand etc.
This documentary film was one of the very first to tell this history and to speak of the Assyrian/Syriac genocide. "The last Assyrians" supports the fight for its recognition, and various institutions show the film in order to keep alive the culture of this indigenous people of Mesopotamia.
A controversy took place about the title: a part of the Chaldean/Syriac/Aramean communities do not recognize the word 'Assyrian' as the name of their People. Many Christians in Syria, outside of the north east, espouse an Aramean identity. Similarly, some Chaldean Catholics prefer the non-ethnic Doctrinal term, "Chaldean" or "Chaldo-Assyrian".

</doc>
<doc id="30984499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984499" title="Acrylicize">
Acrylicize

acrylicize is a boutique art and design studio that creates bespoke art installations. The studio, based in Shoreditch, East London, is the creative workplace of James Burke, Paul Arad and their team. and their installations for high-profile corporate companies and collectors.
History.
Founded in 2003 by creative director James Burke, acrylicize came to be as a result of Burke's final year show while studying contemporary arts at Manchester Metropolitan University. The exhibition consisted of several ink designed acrylic pieces with mock price tags which people took for real. After the majority of the exhibits had sold, Burke formed the company, with long-time friend Paul Arad, a business graduate, joining six months later.
Acrylicize landed accounts with high-profile names including Sunseeker, Moet Hennessey, The Cumberland Hotel, Deloitte and Touche, Helical Bar, University of Hull campus, Heathrow Airport Terminals 3 & 5, London Luton Airport, the BBC Media Village in White City, Addison Lee and The Office Group
Awards.
acrylicize were awarded Best Product Award from the British Interior Design Association in 2003.
In 2010 acrylicize were nominated for Business of the Year at the TrainE-TradiE awards.
In 2012, Acrylicize were awarded the TrainE TraidE Business of the Year title.
Media coverage.
acrylicize have been recognised in the media with coverage in The Independent, FX 

</doc>
<doc id="30984528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984528" title="William Fettes Douglas">
William Fettes Douglas

Sir William Fettes Douglas (1822–1891) was a Scottish painter and art connoisseur.
Life.
He was the eldest son of James Douglas and Martha Brook, grand-niece of Sir William Fettes, bart., the founder of Fettes College; was born on 12 March 1822 in Edinburgh. 
On the completion of his education at the High School of Edinburgh, he entered the Commercial Bank of Scotland, in which his father was accountant ; but the elder Douglas was an amateur of some talent, and the son devoted the leisure of the ten years he was in the bank's service to painting and drawing.
In 1847, he resolved to become an artist. 
Beyond a few mouths in the Trustees' Academy, then under Sir William Allan, he did not receive any systematic training, but he disciplined his hand and eye by the care and accuracy of the drawing he did by himself, and he attended the botany and anatomy classes of the university, while at a somewhat later date he painted a good deal in the country with the Faeds and Alexander Fraser, the landscape painter.
In 1845, he exhibited for the first time at the Royal Scottish Academy, and soon his pictures attracted such notice that in 1851 he was elected an associate, and three years later a full member. Some of his finest pictures belong to about this time, and in such as 'The Ruby Ring' (1853) ; 'The Alchemist' (1855) ; 'Hudibras and Ralph visiting the Astrologer' (1856), an incident from Butler's famous work ; 'The Rosicrucians' (1856), one of his finest things in colour ; and 'The False Astrologer,' the painter's interest in out-of-the-way subjects and his definite leaning to archaeology are clearly visible. Many of them show much of the pre-Raphaelite spirit, and are remarkable for wonderfully perfect and detailed handling and rich and beautiful colour. 'The Summons to the Secret Tribunal'(1860); 'David Laing, LL.D.,' a portrait picture (1862) ; and 'The Spell' (1864), are among the more important works of a later date.
In 1859, he made the first of several visits to Italy, where he devoted much time to studying coins and ivories, enamels and bookbindings, of which and other rare and beautiful things he subsequently made a fine collection. 
Many of his smaller pictures are masterly studies of such objects, and in nearly all of his principal pictures they figure as accessories. 
As a collector he is said to have combined the specific knowledge of the connoisseur with the practical and general discernment of the artist ; but the only contributions he made to the literature of the subject were the notes in Mr. Gibson Craig's privately issued 'Facsimiles of old Bookbinding' (1882). 
He also possessed a wide and accurate knowledge of pictorial art, which fitted him admirably for the curatorship of the National Gallery of Scotland, in which he succeeded James Drummond (1816-1877).
But here again he wrote nothing, although he incorporated much of what he knew in the catalogue of the gallery. 
This office he held from 1877 to 1882, when he was elected to the presidential chair of the Royal Scottish Academy, vacant through the death of Sir Daniel Macnee. 
He was knighted at Windsor on 17 May 1822, and appointed a member of the Board of Manufactures, while in 1884 the university of Edinburgh conferred the degree of LL.D. upon him.
After 1870 he turned more to landscape, and in 1874-5 he produced 'Stonehaven Harbour' and 'A Fishing Village,' which are perhaps the finest pictures that he painted. 
But for some time after 1879, the effects of a serious illness laid him aside, and when he resumed his art it was to practise in water-colour only. 
His drawings are small in size but very charming, and show a true appreciation of the medium. 
In the National Gallery of Scotland, he is represented by three characteristic works ; South Kensington Museum has 'The Alchemist,' and Glasgow Corporation Galleries 'Bibliomania.'
His works are displayed at such notable museums as the National Galleries of Scotland, Harvard University Art Museums, the National Portrait Gallery, Tate Gallery, and the Victoria and Albert Museum.
He died at Newburgh, Fife, on 20 July 1891, and was buried at St. Cyrus. 
Family.
His youngest brother was Charlie Douglas, who after working for the bank for some years went to New Zealand and became a notable explorer.
In November 1880, he married Marion, second daughter of Barron Grahame of Morphie. 
There were no children. 
His portrait, painted by Sir George Reid in 1883, hangs in the library of the Scottish Academy. 
It is reproduced in photogravure in the selection from his works published by the Royal Association for the Promotion of Fine Arts (1885), and edited by John Miller Gray. 

</doc>
<doc id="30984533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984533" title="Something Fishy (film)">
Something Fishy (film)

Pas très catholique ("Not Very Catholic", English title Something Fishy) is a 1994 French comedy film written and directed by Tonie Marshall. It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="30984548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984548" title="Synthetic magnesium silicate">
Synthetic magnesium silicate

Synthetic magnesium silicates are white, odorless, finely divided powders formed by the precipitation reaction of water soluble sodium silicate (water glass) and a water soluble magnesium salt such as magnesium chloride, magnesium nitrate or magnesium sulfate. The composition of the precipitate depends on the ratio of the components in the reaction medium, the addition of the correcting substances, and the way in which they are precipitated.
The molecular formula is typically written as MgO:XSiO2, where X denotes the average mole ratio of SiO2 to MgO. The product is hydrated and the formula is sometimes written MgO:XSiO2•H2O to show the water of hydration.
Properties.
Unlike natural magnesium silicates which are crystalline, synthetic magnesium silicates are amorphous. Synthetic magnesium silicates are insoluble in water or alcohol. The particles are usually porous, and the BET surface area can range from less than 100 m2/g to several hundred m2/g.
Applications.
The very large active surface makes synthetic magnesium silicate useful for a wide variety of applications: purifying adsorbent (polyols, animal and vegetable oils, chromatography, dry cleaning, sugar, resins, odors); filler (rubber, ceramics, paper, glass, refractories); anti-caking agent (salt); catalyst; catalyst carrier; filter medium.
The U.S. Food Chemical Codex, JECFA, and other monographs for Food Grade synthetic magnesium silicate specify a mole ratio of 2MgO:5SiO2. The most common use for Food Grade synthetic magnesium silicate is as an active filter aid for adsorption of color, free fatty acids and other polar compounds from used frying oils. Various national and international regulations allow use of this material as an anti-caking agent in a wide variety of powdered foods.
When used as a food additive, it is safe to ingest synthetic magnesium silicate. In 1990, the safety of synthetic magnesium silicate was reviewed by the Scientific Committee on Food (SCF) together with that of silica and the other metal alkali silicates. The SCF noted that “the available data, including a number of short-term studies in two species, appear to substantiate the biological inertness of those compounds”. The SCF established a group Acceptable Daily Intake (ADI) not specified for silicon dioxide and the alkali metal silicates.

</doc>
<doc id="30984556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984556" title="Chester baronets">
Chester baronets

The Chester Baronetcy of Chicheley, Buckinghamshire was created in the Baronetage of England on 23 March 1620 for Anthony Chester. He had in August 1577 inherited the Chicheley estates from his maternal grandmother and served as High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire in 1602 and High Sheriff of Bedfordshire in 1628.

</doc>
<doc id="30984557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984557" title="Masini">
Masini

Masini may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30984569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984569" title="St Mary's Church, Potsgrove">
St Mary's Church, Potsgrove

St Mary's Church, Potsgrove, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Potsgrove, Bedfordshire. England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands at the end of a country lane, north of the A5 road, some northeast of Leighton Buzzard.
History.
The church dates from the 14th century, and was "heavily reworked" in 1880–81 by the architect J. D. Sedding. The nave walls had been raised in the 15th century when the present roof was installed, and the chancel roof is of a later date. There are a few 12th and 13th-century stones incorporated in the fabric of the north wall of the nave, indicating that an earlier church was present on the side.
Architecture.
St Mary's is constructed mainly in ironstone rubble with some clunch, and has ashlar dressings. The roofs are tiled. Its plan consists of a nave with a south porch, a chancel, and a northwest bell turret. The east window in the chancel has five lights and contains panel tracery. On the north and south sides of the chancel are two two-light windows. There are similar windows in the nave, two on the north side and three on the south. On the north side is a doorway above which is a dripstone, its stops being carved with a male and a female head. In the south porch is another doorway with similar carvings. At the west end of the nave is a two-light window, above which is an ogee-headed niche containing a statue of the Virgin and Child. The bell turret is octagonal and has a stone spire. On each side of the turret are two tiers of openings. The spire contains lucarnes, and is surmounted by a cross finial.
The chancel is divided from the nave by a wooden screen, the older parts of which date from the 14th century. In the north wall of the chancel is a recessed tomb, and also in the chancel are a piscina and a sedilia. There are more piscinae in the nave. The font is constructed from Purbeck marble. In the wall of the nave are two brasses, one dated 1535 and the other from later in that century. In the west window of the nave are pieces of 14th and 15th-century stained glass.
External features.
In the churchyard are two items that have been designated Grade II listed buildings. The first is a limestone headstone dated (probably) 1711, and the other is a row of six limestone headstones dating from the late 18th and early 19th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="30984581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984581" title="Michael Palese">
Michael Palese

Michael Palese, M.D., is an American urologist specializing in robotic, laparoscopic and endoscopic surgery, with a special emphasis on robotic surgeries relating to kidney cancer and kidney stone disease.
Palese is an Associate Professor and Medical Director of the Department of Urology at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine and serves as the Director of Minimally Invasive Surgery at the Mount Sinai Medical Center, both in New York City. As a board-certified urologist and fellowship-trained surgeon, he specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of kidney, bladder and prostate disease.
Palese is the author of multiple book chapters and more than sixty scientific articles and abstracts. He is among the few surgeons in the United States trained in open, laparoscopic and robotic kidney procedures, of which he has performed over 2,000. He has been included in Castle Connolly's lists of America's “Top Doctors” and the New York Times list of “Superdoctors” in 2009, 2010 and 2011.
Biography.
Palese graduated from Cornell University in 1993 with a double major degree in biology and German studies and a minor degree in Human Biology. He received his M.D. from the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in 1997. He completed his general surgery and urology residency at the University of Maryland Medical Center and performed research at the Johns Hopkins Hospital, where he was a research resident and fellow. He finished a fellowship in robotic and laparoscopic surgery at Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University in 2004.
In 2004, Palese joined the Mount Sinai Medical Center where he established the robotic surgery program for the Department of Urology. He served as the Chief of Urology at the North General Hospital in New York City from 2004-2008.
Palese is on the Medical Advisory Board of the National Kidney Foundation of Greater New York and as a consultant for The Journal of Urology. He is on the steering committee for the Initiative on Kidney Cancer (sponsored by the National Kidney Foundation) and serves on the Medical Advisory Board to the New York Giants. He is a member of the American Medical Association (AMA), the American Urological Association (AUA), the New York section of the American Urological Association, and the Society of Laparoscopic Surgeons (SLS).
Palese is a faculty member for the Basic Laparoscopy Course (sponsored by the American Urological Association in Houston, Texas). He has been featured in news media including the New York Daily News, CBS and WPIX.
Clinical trials.
Current clinical trials include: 

</doc>
<doc id="30984640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984640" title="Cucurbita okeechobeensis">
Cucurbita okeechobeensis

Cucurbita okeechobeensis, the Okeechobee gourd, is a species of gourd in the Cucurbitaceae family, endemic to Lake Okeechobee in Florida. Once abundant, it has state and federal listing as an endangered species.
Taxonomy.
The taxonomy of the species and subspecies is uncertain. It was formerly classified as "Pepo okeechobeensis".
Some authorities divide it into two subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="30984650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984650" title="Four-Sided Pyramid">
Four-Sided Pyramid

Four-Sided Pyramid is a conceptual modular "structure", by Sol LeWitt, in the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.
The artist created a plan and Four-Sided Pyramid was constructed by others, in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="30984656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984656" title="Luxinnovation">
Luxinnovation

Luxinnovation is the National Agency for Innovation and Research in Luxembourg. Through its dual position of working closely with enterprises and research organisations as well as with the authorities in charge of innovation and research related policies, the Agency is at the heart of the national innovation and research system. Luxinnovation is part of the European reference networks concerning R&D and innovation. The Agency is the National Contact Point for the 7th European Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development (FP7), the European Space Agency (ESA) and the intergovernmental initiative EUREKA.
History.
Luxinnovation was founded in 1984. It became an Economic Interest Grouping (EIG) in 1998, comprising 6 private and public-sector partners in Luxembourg:
Missions.
Luxinnovation offers services to actors involved in the fields of research and development (R&D) and innovation (enterprises, researchers, research organisations, company creators, students, etc.). The personalised services provided by the Agency include help to secure financing, the search for partners, creating innovative enterprises or carrying out technology transfer. The Agency provides its customers with targeted information as well as its networks and contacts while respecting confidentiality. Luxinnovation offers its services free of charge.
The support offered by Luxinnovation can be adapted to every context and situation due to its personalised assistance services. A specific team is formed for each project in order to maximise the chances for successful projects or innovative approaches.
Services.
Access to national and European funding
Support for innovative start-ups
Innovation management, creativity and design
Technology transfer and partner search
Intellectual property and valorisation of research results
Luxembourg Cluster Initiative
Promotion of research and innovation "Made in Luxembourg"

</doc>
<doc id="30984658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984658" title="The Mini-Affair">
The Mini-Affair

The Mini-Affair is a 1967 British romantic comedy film directed by Robert Amram, and starring Georgie Fame, Rosemary Nicols and John Clive. A leading pop star is kidnapped in swinging London. Music is provided by the Bee Gees.

</doc>
<doc id="30984674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984674" title="Bergischer Long Crower">
Bergischer Long Crower

Bergische Long Crower (German: Bergischer Kräher) is an old German chicken breed. 
Origin.
The breed originated in the Bergisches Land in Germany. Its ancestors are Balkan long crowing chicken breeds which were imported into Germany from Balkans. Nowadays it is a rare breed. 
Description.
Birds are black with some gold feathers on the wings. Rooster have gold neck. The roosters weigh 3.5 kg and the hens 2.5 kg. The hens are nonsitters, produce 180 eggs per year of 60 g weight.
Crow.
This breed belongs to the group of long crowing chicken breeds. Their crow averages 15 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="30984684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984684" title="Ahmed Fouad Shennib">
Ahmed Fouad Shennib

Ahmed Fouad Shennib (Ahmed Fouad Shinnib) was a Libyan poet, politician and ambassador.
Born in Hama, Syria in 1923 of Libyan parents in exile. Shennib was educated at the Sorbonne in Paris and served as cultural attache to UNESCO until 1959. He then served as cultural attache in Washington DC (1959–1963), then Paris, France in 1963. He then returned to Libya in 1963 to serve as Minister of Education and Culture until 1964. 
Ahmed Fouad Shennib died in January 2007 of pancreatic cancer in Benghazi, Libya.
Literary Contributions.
Ahmed Fouad Shennib is most known for his collection of poems addressing the subject of Libyan nationalism and identity. His poetry stems primarily from the period following the proclamation of Libyan independence in 1951. During this period several poets emerged "who rejected the classical forms of Arabic versification and showed an interest in social problems, particularly the life of the common people". The primary authors of this period were Ahmed Fuad Shennib, Ali Sidqi Abd al-Kadir and Ali al-Ruqii. Common themes of prose during this period were the struggle for independence, social equality and condemned prejudice.
The poems 'Libya', 'After Dusk' and 'Al Ashiqah' regularly feature in the curricula of Arabic Literature covering North Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="30984690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984690" title="Coping Mechanisms">
Coping Mechanisms

Coping Mechanisms is the debut album by Irish music artist Si Schroeder. It was released in 2006 by Irish independent record label Trust Me I'm A Thief.
In an interview with "The Irish Times" at the time of its release Si Schroeder explained that the title 'comes from observing how friends and colleagues of his deal with living in 21st-century Dublin. "The nature of living in Dublin has definitely influenced the themes on this record. There's no doubt that it has become increasingly difficult to live here, so people use mechanisms and quirks to cope with living here and staying sane."'
Reception.
"Coping Mechanisms" was shortlisted for the 2006 Choice Music Prize Irish album of the year.
Influential Irish blogger Nialler9 named "Coping Mechanisms" his blog's No 1 Irish album of 2006, as did the influential "Foggy Notions" magazine.
Irish music magazine "Hot Press" scored the album 9/10 in its review and includes "Coping Mechanisms" in its list of '250 Greatest Irish Albums of All Time' voted for by more than 200 of Ireland's leading musicians and published in December 2009.
Irish music journalist Tony Clayton-Lea includes "Coping Mechanisms" in his 2011 book "101 Irish Records You Must Hear Before You Die".
Influential Irish blog Hardcore for Nerds called "Coping Mechanisms" Ireland's "Spiderland".
Irish music website Drop-D described "Coping Mechanisms" as "a record that can creep inside of you to massage your soul... the album isn't electronic in the strictest sense; the pallet containing a balance between electronic and organic sounds, not to mention some of the strangest samples you're likely to hear".
Track listing.
The CD album ends with an unnamed hidden track. The vinyl album omits track 5 (Apology).

</doc>
<doc id="30984711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984711" title="John of Calore">
John of Calore

John of Calore was Chancellor of the University of Paris in the late 14th century. He was one of a number of theologians who was investigated for suspect teaching, based on statements he made during vespers. The inquiry concerning John of Calore, as a bachelor of theology, came in 1363. He was preceded as chancellor of the University of Paris by Grimerius Bonifacci. 
According to a calendar of entries in the papal regesta, John of Calore was presented with a mandate to admit a friar preacher named John de Montesono in April 1376. De Montesono intended to lecture on the Four Books of Sentences at the schools of the order in Pariis. He had lectured for many years in various places. After his talks on the Sentences, de Montesono was to be admitted to the faculty of the University of Paris, as a master of theology. Earlier he lectured at Oxford University and earned his degree as master there.

</doc>
<doc id="30984755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984755" title="Vojin Bakić">
Vojin Bakić

Vojin Bakić (5 June 1915, Bjelovar – 18 December 1992) was a prominent Croatian sculptor of Serbian descent. 
Work and Artistic Career.
Bakić was an important figure, particularly in the 50’s and 60’s Croatian contemporary art scene, and collaborated with the group EXAT-51 and the Nove tendencije (New Tendencies) movement. He executed many public sculptures notably, the "Call to Arms (the man from Bjelovar)", Bjelovar (1946) the "Monument to the Revolution" in Kamensko (1958–1968), the "Monument to the Train Accident Victims" in Zagreb (1975–1978), as well as monuments in Kragujevac, Dotrščina (Valley of Graves) and on Petrova Gora (1982). 
After 1945 he gravitated towards the impressionistic treatment of the surface. This period is primarily marked by his portraits of Ivan Goran Kovačić (1946) and Silvije Strahimir Kranjčević (1948). During the 1950s Bakić reduced the volume of his sculptures by the use of sharp fractures as edges, and later by merging the details of the sculptural mass ("Self-portrait", 1952 and "sketch for the Marx and Engels Monument", 1950–1953). During that time, he made an entire series of bull sculptures in various dimensions ("Bull", 1950, 1956). With the series entitled "Nudes, Torsos and Heads" he completed his focus on organic, associative shapes, and from 1958 he turned towards the challenge of open forms, inner spaces and light reflections. Further professional development made him the first artist in a local context to follow the principles of geometric abstraction and to start the study of optic effects. By alternating concave and convex surfaces, he made “light shapes” which were close to constructivist poetics. In "Elaborated Surfaces" (1960–1964) he articulated strict and consistent units made of lined-up elements, whereas in "Light-bearing Shapes" (1963–1964) he created effective structures by means of modulating identical mirror units, for which he also used new materials, such as stainless steel.
Exhibitions and Awards.
At his first solo exhibition (Bjelovar, 1940) he exhibited drawings and sculptures where the predominating subjects were female nudes in stone, characterized by reduced curves and closed volumes. From 1940 he participated at many national and international exhibitions: the Venice Biennial (1950, 1956, 1964), the Mediterranean Biennial in Alexandria (1956, 1969), the Milan Triennale (1957), Documenta in Kassel (1959), the Rijeka Salon (1959, 1961). He also exhibited with Ivan Picelj and Aleksandar Srnec in Paris (Gallery Denis René, 1959) and London (1960). He participated at the New Tendencies exhibitions (Zagreb, 1963, 1969, Gelsenkirchen, 1969 and Mainz, 1971), the São Paulo Biennial (1969), and at the exhibition "Constructivism and Kinetic Art" (Zagreb, 1995). Gallery Nova (Zagreb, 2007), in collaboration with the artist’s family, organized the opening of Bakić’s first solo exhibition in Croatia after 41 years. In 1979 he received the Vladimir Nazor Award for life achievement.
Destruction of Bakić's monuments.
During early 90's, after the fall of communist regime, many of Bakić's Yugoslav World War II monuments and memorials were damaged or destroyed.
a) Destroyed monuments from 1990 to 1995:
b) Damaged monuments:

</doc>
<doc id="30984775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984775" title="International Journal for Multiscale Computational Engineering">
International Journal for Multiscale Computational Engineering

The International Journal for Multiscale Computational Engineering () is a bimonthly scientific journal of engineering published by Begell House. It covers modeling, simulation, and design of products based on multiscale principles aimed at reducing prototyping costs and time to market. The editor-in-chief is Jacob Fish. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal's 2009 impact factor is 0.734, ranking it 39th out of 79 journals in the category "Engineering, Multidisciplinary" and 54th out of 80 in the categort "Mathematics, Interdisciplinary Applications".

</doc>
<doc id="30984782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984782" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1614">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1614

United Nations Security Council resolution1614, adopted unanimously on 29 July 2005, after recalling previous resolutions on Israel and Lebanon, including resolutions 425 (1978), 426 (1978) and 1583 (2005), the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) for a further six months until 31 January 2006.
Resolution.
Observations.
The Security Council recalled the Secretary-General Kofi Annan's conclusion that Israel had withdrawn its forces from Lebanon as of 16 June 2000, in accordance with Resolution 425. It emphasised the temporary nature of the UNIFIL operation and urged respect for the Blue Line, given recent incidents. There was concern at tensions along the Blue Line, and the Council felt, along with the Secretary-General, that the situation did not warrant a change in UNIFIL's mandate.
Acts.
The Lebanese government was called upon to restore its authority in southern Lebanon through the deployment of Lebanese forces. The parties were urged to ensure UNIFIL's full freedom of movement and to ensure its safety. Both Israel and Lebanon were called upon to fulfill commitments to respect the withdrawal line identified by the United Nations and all air, sea and land violations of the line were condemned.
The resolution supported efforts by UNIFIL to monitor violations of the withdrawal line and efforts in demining, encouraging the need for additional maps to be provided of the location of land mines. The Secretary-General was requested to continue consultations with the Lebanese government and troop-contributing countries concerning the implementation of the current resolution. It further directed him to report on the activities of UNIFIL and on tasks conducted by the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO).
Finally, the resolution concluded by stressing the importance of a just and lasting peace in the Middle East based on relevant Security Council resolutions including 242 (1967) and 338 (1973).

</doc>
<doc id="30984792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984792" title="Spy Rock (Mason County, Texas)">
Spy Rock (Mason County, Texas)

Spy Rock is a pink granite dome located in the Llano Uplift in Mason County, Texas, rising feet above sea level. The peak is located south of Fredonia.
As with Enchanted Rock, Spy Rock is formed of middle Precambrian () material. The base of the peak can be reached by the public, but the dome itself is on private property and accessible only with property owner's permission. Federal and state statutes, regulations and rules governing trespassing, archeological sites and historic sites apply. The state Game Warden as a commissioned peace officer is authorized to inspect natural resources and take necessary action for the preservation of the resources.

</doc>
<doc id="30984815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984815" title="Spring Creek (Pennsylvania)">
Spring Creek (Pennsylvania)

Spring Creek in Pennsylvania may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30984827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984827" title="Telmar (company)">
Telmar (company)

Telmar, a global media advertising software company, provides all media reach and frequency, crosstabbing, segmentation, revenue management, ROI, digital and data management software and services. The company was founded in 1968. Headquartered in New York City, Telmar has additional offices in 12 countries.
Company History.
Early days.
In 1968, at age 29, Stanley Federman left Young & Rubicam and founded Telmar. Telmar was the first independent supplier of computerized media information services for the advertising industry. Telmar offered computer analyses of media performance, costs, selection and scheduling.
Telmar’s clients entered data into an acoustic data coupler which allowed the data to then be transmitted to Telmar’s computers through phone lines using a Teletype.
Telmar introduced the first PC-based media planning software in 1983 and launched the Web based media planning system, e-Telmar, in 1998. Telmar was appointed IBM’s first Value Added Dealer for PC in 1983 and made its systems on the IBM PC with MRI and Simmons data available for clients who bought the data from MRI and Simmons. Telmar filed a lawsuit to seek an injunction against MRI and Simmons to prevent the companies from offering their data via PC based systems and limiting Telmar's offering.
Twenty-first Century.
In 2004, Telmar acquired Peaktime, a TV planning and yield management system which expanded Telmar’s client base of advertisers, agencies and media from 25 to 30 countries. The system enabled users to track real-time performance of TV audience delivery in a graphic interface.
Telmar’s Outdoor Planning System TOPS debuted in 2005, replacing the widely used Telmar’s Outdoor Synergy (TOS) tool. The new tool was designed to incorporate new research data including GPS and support the role of the Traffic Audit Bureau for Media Measurement (TAB).
Telmar released the MultiBasing tool in 2005 allowing users to combine separate databases into a single set of results.
In 2007 came the introduction of Telmar’s Web-based research tool Research Guru, which simplified the process of analyzing relevant media information for advertising agencies.
Telmar announced an alliance with Cuende Infometrics S.A., Spain’s leading Outdoor software engineers, in 2010 for the launch of TOPS 2.0, an improvement over the previously released TOPS 1.0 since it brought the formerly US-based tool worldwide.
Telmar Matterhorn ROI was released in 2011, a cross media planning tool developed as the result of collaboration with ROI research firm Marketing Evolution. Matterhorn incorporates data analyzing the effectiveness of marketing campaigns and changes in media plans on ROI.
In 2011, Telmar integrated data from the Traffic Audit Bureau’s (TAB) Out of Home Ratings out-of-home media measurement system into Telmar’s media planning tools, granting media planners metrics for measuring the effectiveness of outdoor ad campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="30984841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984841" title="The Amazing Race 3 (Latin America)">
The Amazing Race 3 (Latin America)

The Amazing Race is a Latin American reality television game show based on the American series of the same name, "The Amazing Race". The third season of "The Amazing Race" was the first season aired in the Space channel in association with Disney Media Networks Latin America. It featured eleven teams of two, with a pre-existing relationship, in a race across Latin America to win US$250,000.
Harris Whitbeck returned as the host for this third season. the third season premiered on 25 September 2011 at 9:00 p.m (UTC-3) on Space and TNT. The season finale aired on Space and TNT on 18 December 2011 at 9:00 p.m (UTC-3).
Chilean twins Cristóbal & Nicolás Brain were the winners of the race.
Production.
Development and filming.
Space greenlit the third season of the series on January 2011. Filming for this third season took place from 12 July 2011 to 2 August 2011. The third season was broadcast in high-definition television on Space HD.
Filming for the third season lasted for 22 days and covered nearly . The third season spanned five countries in one continent. Among them, only one is an unvisited country, Uruguay. Previously visited countries were Argentina, Chile, Ecuador and Brazil.
This season adopted the original American version route markers, colored yellow and red, including the clue envelopes and the Pit Stop.
The only team present at the Finish Line was Mexican Married Couple, Rick & Kathy, who were eliminated in Brazil (the country where the Finish Line was located).
Cast.
Applications were accepted from 20 February 2011 and ended on late April 2011.
This season counted with eleven teams from Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru, Venezuela and for the first time Costa Rica and Ecuador. And also for the first time in this version, Brazil was not be represented. The cast includes Colombian television host and model Toya Montoya and her boyfriend Juan del Mar; a pair of Identical twins (Guillermo & Gabriel from season one were non-identical twins); the series first team composed of cousins; and also the first Sisters-in-law team.
Montoya would later host in the fifth season of the series, making the first female host in the whole "The Amazing Race" franchise.
Results.
The following teams participated in the Race, with their relationships at the time of filming. Note that this table is not necessarily reflective of all content broadcast on television due to inclusion or exclusion of some data. Placements are listed in finishing order:
Prizes.
Individual prizes were awarded to the winner of the first leg and to the top three teams.
Race summary.
Leg 1 (Argentina).
Airdate: September 25, 2011
In the race's first Detour, teams had to choose between "Fardos" (Bales) and "Esquilar" (Shear). In "Fardos", teams had to roll a bale through a marked muddy course. Once teams completed the course, they would receive their next clue. In "Esquilar", teams had to shear a sheep's wool with special scissors. Once the judge was satisfied with their work, teams would receive their next clue. In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to go through a zipline course then split a log into two using an ax. Once the team member had correctly split the log, the team would receive their next clue.
Leg 2 (Argentina).
Airdate: October 2, 2011
In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between CDs or "Libros" (Books). In CDs, teams had to make their way to the Zivals record store, and once there they had to search for a CD where one of the songs in its playlist had four words for its title. In "Libros", teams were given a biography of an author and then they had to search a bookstore for a book by that specific writer. For the Speed Bump, Vero & Gaba had to cut of onions before they could continue. In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to use a bow and arrow to burst a balloon to receive their next clue.
Leg 3 (Argentina).
Airdate: October 9, 2011
In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to jump off a Bungee. In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Cama elástica" (Trampoline) and "Palos chinos" (Chinese sticks). In "Cama elástica", one of the team members had to jump in the trampoline to reach their next clue, which was hanging from the roof. In "Palos chinos", one of the team members had to climb a pole and get their next clue, which was at the top of the pole.
Leg 4 (Argentina → Uruguay).
Airdate: October 16, 2011
In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Aguja" (Needle) and "Tronco" (Trunk). In "Aguja", teams had to search for a wooden needle inside of a bale of hay. In "Tronco", teams had to transport logs from one area to the other, then teams had to stack them until they reached an indicated height. In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to collect four baskets of lemons. Once done, he or she had to squeeze the lemons into four bottles and get a total of 2 liters of lemon juice.
Leg 5 (Uruguay).
Airdate: October 23, 2011
In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to use a provided key had to search among several padlocks locked around the Fuente de los Candados fountain for the one that their key would open. In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Zancos" (Stilts) and "Patines" (Skates). In "Zancos", teams put on stilts and had to walk 200 meters and retrieve two balloons which they had to exchange for their next clue. In "Patines", team members' legs were tied to each other and in this state they had to skate 200 meters and retrieve two balloons to exchange for their next clue. In either Detour, if a balloon popped, teams would have to go back and get a new one.
Leg 6 (Uruguay → Chile).
Airdate: October 30, 2011
In the Speed Bump, Pablo & Rosario had to open 100 clams before they could continue. In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Techo" (Roof) and "Pared" (Wall). In "Techo", both team members had to go over an Air Trail course. In "Pared", both team members had to scale a vertical wall and retrieve a race flag. In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to dominate the artificial wave for one minute without falling.
Leg 7 (Chile).
Airdate: November 06, 2011
In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Arqueología" (Archeology) and "Bicicletas" (Bikes). In "Arqueología", teams had to dig in the marked areas for 10 pieces of an old broken vase. They then had to put all of the pieces together in order to receive their next clue. In "Bicicletas", teams had to ride a bike for in the Atacama Desert. Once they reached a Race flag, teams had to take the flag back to where they started in order to receive their next clue. In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to push a giant ball filled with water to the top of a sand dune to receive their next clue.
Leg 8 (Chile).
Airdate: November 13, 2011
In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to swim onto a platform and retrieve seven inflatables that were shaped like spaghetti. Then, they had to swim back to the shore and exchange them for their next clue.
Leg 9 (Chile → Ecuador).
Airdate: November 20, 2011
In the Fast Forward, teams could go to La Carolina Park where they had to play a game of the Ecuadorian sport called Pelota Nacional. One team member at a time had to hit a ball with a racket and make it past the midfield players. Once the team scored 6 points, they would win the Fast Forward. In this Leg's Roadblock, teams headed to the González Suárez Bridge. Once there, one team member had to take part in puenting, which is similar to bungee jumping except for the fact that the cord is non-elastic and that the jump ends in a pendulum-like movement. In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Dulce" (Sweet) and "Salado" (Salty). In "Dulce", teams had to eat 15 Ecuadorian sweets each in order to receive their next clue. In "Salado", each team member had to eat 3 plates of librillo, which is an Ecuadorian dish consisting of raw cow stomach and potatoes, before receiving their next clue.
Leg 10 (Ecuador).
Airdate: November 27, 2011
In the Speed Bump, Juan del Mar & Toya had to balance one egg each on the head of a nail right on the Equator before they could continue. In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Salto del Mono" (Monkey Jumping) and Rock Jumping. In "Salto del Mono", one team member at a time had to jump from a platform and do a canopy course that had a pendulum-like movement; at the bottom of the canopy they would receive their next clue. In Rock Jumping, both team members had to jump from a very high rock to a river, once they got out of the river, they would get their next clue. In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to rappel down the Cascada de los Tucanes waterfall and get their next clue from the middle of it.
Leg 11 (Ecuador → Brazil).
Airdate: December 04, 2011
In this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to search in a mangrove thicket for 5 crabs. Once complete, they would receive their next clue. In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between "Coco" (Coconut) and "Berimbau". In "Coco", teams had to open coconuts and pour the water into a 20-liter bottle. Once the bottle was full, teams would receive their next clue. In "Berimbau", teams had to construct two berimbaus using plastic bottles according to a model. Once completed, the expert would hand them their next clue.
Leg 12 (Brazil).
Airdate: December 11, 2011
Airdate: December 18, 2011
In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choose between Wasabi and Sashimi. In both options, teams would have to make their way to Karaokê Chopperia Liberdade. In Wasabi, teams had to play pool and deposit a total of 4 balls. Then, each would have to eat a huge piece of wasabi temaki to receive their next clue. In Sashimi, one team member at a time would have to reach ten pieces of sashimi that were hanging from a cords while being anchored to a wall by an elastic band around their head. Once both team members ate the sashimi, they would receive their next clue. In the first half of this Leg's Roadblock, one team member had to dive into the shark tank and retrieve fifteen Amazing Race coins which they exchanged for their next clue.
In the Roadblock for the second half of this Leg, one team member had to travel in the elevator to the roof of the Condomínio Edifício Saint Honoré and then rappel down the building in order to receive their next clue.

</doc>
<doc id="30984847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984847" title="2002 Buy.com Tour">
2002 Buy.com Tour

The 2002 Buy.com Tour season ran from March 7 to November 2. The season consisted of 28 official money golf tournaments; three of which were played outside of the United States. The top 15 players on the year-end money list earned their PGA Tour card for 2003. It was the final year in which the tour was sponsored by Buy.com, before it was replaced by current sponsor Nationwide.
Schedule.
The number in parentheses after winners' names show the player's total number of wins on the tour including that event. No one accumulates many wins on the tour because success at this level soon leads to promotion to the PGA Tour.
Leading money winners.
"Full money list"

</doc>
<doc id="30984850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984850" title="Chandla (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Chandla (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Chandla Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951 as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state, but it was abolished in 1956. It came into existence again in 1976. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes since 2008, following delimitation of the legislative assembly constituencies.
Overview.
Chandla (constituency number 49) is one of the 6 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Chhatarpur district. This constituency covers the entire Gaurihar tehsil, Chandla nagar panchayat and part of Laundi tehsil of the district.
Chandla is part of Khajuraho Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Rajnagar in this district, Pawai, Gunnaor and Panna in Panna district and Vijayraghavgarh, Murwara and Bahoriband in Katni district. 
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As from a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As from a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30984854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984854" title="Sons of the North">
Sons of the North

Sons of the North is the debut album by English rock band Black Spiders. It was released 7 February 2011 after two years of touring by the band.
Track listing.
All songs written by Pete Spiby, Ozzy Lister, Mark Thomas, Si Atkinson and Adam Irwin.

</doc>
<doc id="30984857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984857" title="Doggy Style (band)">
Doggy Style (band)

Doggy Style is a Punk Rock band from Placentia, California, and was part of the North Orange County punk rock scene that included bands from the surrounding cities of Fullerton and Anaheim that formed in 1983. Daddy X's of the Kottonmouth Kings, and co-founder of Suburban Noize Records, was the original vocalist, and creator of the band. Their debut EP "Work As One" was released on a 7" record, on Mystic Records.
About Doggy Style/Members.
Doggy Style started with original singer Brad Xavier, Ed "Shaggy" Caudill, Ray Jimenez, and Lou Gaez. Their first release was their 1984 EP "Work as One", on Mystic Records 
included the song "Donut Shop Rock". Brad only did vocals for two other releases, "Side by Side" in 1985 and "Live at Sun City" in 1986 both on Flipside Records. The original Doggy Style lasted from 1983 to 1986, at which point they split into two factions, both using the name Doggy Style.
Brad Xavier and Lou Gaez formed a new lineup with Brian Baker, recently departed from Dag Nasty, and Doug Carrion, recently departed from Descendents, and released "The Last Laugh" on National Trust Records. Shortly after its release, Brian and Doug left the band to reform Dag Nasty. Brad and Lou recruited Warren Fitzgerald and Danny Wallis of Don't No and Arab of Love Canal to fill the void left by Baker and Carrion. Brad and Lou would continue to work together on projects including Doggy Rock, Double Freak, Humble Gods, and Kottonmouth Kings.
Ed & Ray carried on with new members, Danny Johnston on drums, Hedge ( D.I. and HVY-DRT) on second guitar, and Rib Finley on vocals as Doggy Style from 1987 to 1988. This line-up recorded the "Doggy Style II" LP originally released on Flipside Records. John "Bosco" Callabero (also of D.I.) eventually replaced Ed and released, "Don't Hit Me Up" in 1988 on Triple X Records.
After both Hedge and John "Bosco" Callabero left the band Rib Filey, Danny Johnston and Ray Beez tried to continue on with Frank Agnew of the Adolescents. However, this line-up was short lived and the band eventually fall apart.
Doggy Style reformed in 2009 with, Tim Fyke on Vocals; Ed "Shaggy" Caudill, Lead Guitar; Danny Staggs, Rhythm Guitar; Mark Tolbert, Rhythm Guitar; Eric Vedder, Bass Guitar; Rob Chocek, Drums. Now, Doggy Style only does limited shows. This is the band that started Daddy X (of the Kottonmouth Kings, Humble Gods, X-Pistols, and co-founder of Suburban Noize Records) musical career, and got him into music originally.

</doc>
<doc id="30984861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984861" title="Tola-Binyeri District">
Tola-Binyeri District

Tola-Binyeri is a district in the Mayo Belwa local government area of Adamawa State, Nigeria. It stretches alongside the Shebshi Mountain. It has a District Head.

</doc>
<doc id="30984864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984864" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1615">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1615

United Nations Security Council resolution 1615, adopted unanimously on 29 July 2005, after reaffirming all resolutions on Abkhazia and Georgia, particularly Resolution 1582 (2005), the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG) until 31 January 2006.
Resolution.
Observations.
In the preamble of the resolution, the Security Council stressed that the lack of progress on a settlement between the two parties was unacceptable. It condemned the shooting down of an UNOMIG helicopter in October 2001 which resulted in nine deaths and deplored that the perpetrators of the attack had not been identified. The contributions of UNOMIG and Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) peacekeeping forces in the region were welcomed, in addition to the United Nations-led peace process.
Acts.
The Security Council welcomed political efforts to resolve the situation, in particular the "Basic Principles for the Distribution of Competences between Tbilisi and Sukhumi" to facilitate negotiations between Georgia and Abkhazia. It regretted the lack of progress on political status negotiations and the refusal of Abkhazia to discuss the document, further calling on both sides to overcome their mutual mistrust. All violations of the 1994 Agreement on a Cease-fire and Separation of Forces were condemned, though a protocol signed on 12 May 2005 to strengthen its implementation was welcomed. The Council also welcomed the calm in the Kodori Valley and the signing of a protocol by both parties on 2 April 2002. Concerns of the civilian population were noted and the Georgian side was asked to guarantee the safety of UNOMIG and CIS troops in the valley. Greater efforts to improve security in the Gali region were encouraged.
The resolution urged the two parties to revitalise the peace process, including greater participation on issues relating to refugees, internally displaced persons, economic co-operation and political and security matters. It also reaffirmed the unacceptability of demographic changes resulting from the conflict. Abkhazia in particular was called upon to improve law enforcement, address the lack of instruction to ethnic Georgians in their first language and ensure the safety of returning refugees.
The Council called again on both parties to take measures to identify those responsible for the shooting down of an UNOMIG helicopter in October 2001. Both parties were also asked to dissociate themselves from military rhetoric and demonstrations in support of illegal armed groups, and ensure the safety of United Nations personnel. Furthermore, there were concerns about the security of UNOMIG personnel, with repeated abductions of UNOMIG and CIS peacekeeping personnel, which the Council condemned.
Finally, the Secretary-General Kofi Annan was asked to report on the situation in Abkhazia within three months.

</doc>
<doc id="30984875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984875" title="Policheta">
Policheta

Policheta is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30984876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984876" title="Bers slice">
Bers slice

In the mathematical theory of Kleinian groups, Bers slices and Maskit slices, named after Lipman Bers and Bernard Maskit, are certain slices through the moduli space of Kleinian groups.
Bers slices.
For a quasi-Fuchsian group. the limit set is a Jordan curve whose complement has two components. The quotient of each of these components by the groups is a Riemann surface, so we get a map from marked quasi-Fuchsian groups to pairs of Riemann surfaces, and hence to a product of two copies of Teichmüller space. A Bers slice is a subset of the moduli space of quasi-Fuchsian groups for which one of the two components of this map is a constant function to a single point in its copy of Teichmüller space.
The Bers slice gives an embedding of Teichmüller space into the moduli space of quasi-Fuchsian groups, called the Bers embedding, and the closure of its image is a compactification of Teichmüller space called the Bers compactification.
Maskit slices.
A Maskit slice is similar to a Bers slice, except that the group is no longer quasi-Fuchsian, and instead of fixing a point in Teichmüller space one fixes a point in the boundary of Teichmüller space.
The Maskit boundary is a fractal in the Maskit slice separating discrete groups from more chaotic groups.

</doc>
<doc id="30984894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984894" title="Deputy to the Prime Minister of Norway">
Deputy to the Prime Minister of Norway

The Deputy to the Prime Minister of Norway was an office in the second cabinet of Kåre Willoch and the first cabinet of Kjell Magne Bondevik.
1905–1985, 1986–1997, 2000-2005 and from 2013 the Minister of Foreign Affairs has acted as the Prime Minister's "de facto" but not "de jure" deputy.

</doc>
<doc id="30984911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984911" title="Pressure jump">
Pressure jump

Pressure jump is a technique used in the study of chemical kinetics. It involves making rapid changes to the pressure of an experimental system and observing the return to equilibrium or steady state. This allows the study of the shift in equilibrium of reactions that equilibrate in periods between milliseconds to hours (or longer), these changes often being observed using absorption spectroscopy, or fluorescence spectroscopy though other spectroscopic techniques such as CD, FTIR or NMR can also be used.
Historically, pressure jumps were limited to one direction. Most commonly fast drops in pressure were achieved by using a quick release valve or a fast burst membrane. Modern equipment can achieve pressure changes in both directions using either double reservoir arrangements (good for large changes in pressure) or pistons operated by piezoelectric actuators (often faster than valve based approaches). Ultra fast pressure drops can be achieved using electrically disintegrated burst membranes. The ability to automatically repeat measurements and average the results is useful since the reaction amplitudes are often small.
The fractional extent of the reaction ("i.e." the percentage change in concentration of a measurable species) depends on the molar volume change (Δ"V"°) between the reactants and products and the equilibrium position. If "K" is the equilibrium constant and "P" is the pressure then the volume change is given by:
where "R" is the universal gas constant and "T" is the absolute temperature. The volume change can thus be understood to be the pressure dependency of the change in Gibbs free energy associated with the reaction.
When a single step in a reaction is perturbed in a pressure jump experiment, the reaction follows a single exponential decay function with the reciprocal time constant (1/τ) equal to the sum of the forward and reverse intrinsic rate constants. In more complex reaction networks, when multiple reaction steps are perturbed, then the reciprocal time constants are given by the eigenvalues of the characteristic rate equations. The ability to observe intermediate steps in a reaction pathway is one of the attractive features of this technology.

</doc>
<doc id="30984955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984955" title="Critical Reviews in Eukaryotic Gene Expression">
Critical Reviews in Eukaryotic Gene Expression

Critical Reviews in Eukaryotic Gene Expression () is a quarterly scientific journal published by Begell House publishing reviews on topics related to gene regulation, organization, and structure within contexts of biological control and diagnosis/treatment of disease.
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", its 2009 impact factor is 2.949. The editors-in-chief are Gary S. Stein, Janet L. Stein, and Jane B. Lian.

</doc>
<doc id="30984986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984986" title="Karl Betz">
Karl Betz

Karl Betz (25 June 1907 – 2 July 1942) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Karl Betz was killed on 2 July 1942 in Parnevo, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="30984994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984994" title="Anton Maglica">
Anton Maglica

Anton Maglica (born 11 November 1991 in Brčko) is a Bosnian-born Croatian football striker, currently playing for Hajduk Split in the Prva HNL.
Club career.
Maglica started his career playing at youth level for Orašje. After he moved to Osijek to attend high school, he immediately underwent trial at NK Osijek and joined their youth team. He made his debut for the first team in the last round of 2008–09 Prva HNL season against Slaven Belupo on 31 May 2009, when he replaced Josip Knežević for the final twenty minutes of the match. Next season he also got the chance as a substitute in the last round, this time in a home win against Cibalia. He scored his first goal in Prva HNL in a 1–0 victory over Cibalia at fog-covered Gradski vrt. 
In the 2010–11 and 2011–12 seasons, Maglica made a name for himself as one of the best up and coming young Croatian attacking talents in the 1. HNL and was signed by league giants HNK Hajduk Split, rejected a larger offer from GNK Dinamo Zagreb in the process and immediately endearing himself to the club's loyal fans. He scored his first goal for his new club after coming on as a substitute against NK Zagreb. He scored the fifth goal of an emphatic 5–1 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="30984998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984998" title="San Giovanni (Rome Metro)">
San Giovanni (Rome Metro)

San Giovanni is an underground station on Line A of the Rome Metro opened in 1980. The station is located in Piazzale Appio at the beginning of Via Appia Nuova, beside the Basilica di San Giovanni in Laterano, from which the station takes its name
With the opening of the first section of Line C, the station will become an interchange point in 2014. Work on the construction of that new line began May 21, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="30984999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30984999" title="Raymond Lund">
Raymond Lund

Raymond Douglas Lund (born 10 February 1940) is a British anatomist. He is professor of ophthalmology at the John A. Moran Eye Center (University of Utah). He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1992. He was previously professor of anatomy at the University of Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="30985012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985012" title="Alexandru Penciu">
Alexandru Penciu

Alexandru Penciu (born Bucharest, 1 November 1932) is a former Romanian rugby union player and coach whose role was fullback.
Amongst the best players of Romania, he was nicknamed "Alexander the Great" ("Alexandru cel Mare") in his home country.
Penciu started his youth career at Petrolul Ploieşti, in 1946/47.
He moved soon to PPT Bucharest, where he played from 1948/49 to 1950/51, and was promoted to the first category.
He was assigned to CAA, later called CSA Steaua Bucureşti (Rugby), the Romanian Army team, in 1952/53, where he would stay until 1968/69. He won 5 titles of the Romanian Championship, in 1952/53, 1953/54, 1960/61, 1962/63 and 1963/64. He was allowed to move to Rugby Rovigo Delta, in Italy, in 1969/70, where he would finish his player career in 1973/74, aged 41 years old. He took charge at Rugby Rovigo as player-coach at 1970/71, being the top scorer of the Italian Championship twice, in 1970/71 and 1971/72.
Romania was then living his first "Golden Era" of rugby and was often considered the best European team, outside the Five Nations Championship.
Penciu would be one of the most emblematic players of this era, winning 34 full caps for Romania and scoring 2 conversions, 7 penalties and 4 drop goals, 37 points in aggregate.
His first game was at Brno on 20 April 1955, a 3-0 win over Czechoslovakia in a friendly match.
Penciu played in the first ever win of Romania over France, by 11-5, on 5 June 1960, in Bucharest, in a friendly game where he scored 1 conversion and 2 drop goals. The large crowd of 55,000 at the Dinamo Bucharest Stadium is a remainder of the popularity of Romanian rugby union in this time. His last international game was also with France, in the 11-3 loss in Nantes for the European Nations Cup, at 10 December 1967, where he scored a penalty. It was still the second consecutive 2nd place of Romania in the competition, losing the title in a row to France, then the only continental European side at the Five Nations Championship.
After finishing his player career in Rugby Rovigo, he would be a coach for Montréal, in Canada (1974/5-1977/78), then for Oyonnax Rugby, in France (1978/79-1979/80). Returning to Italy, he would coach Mantova, Villadose and Belluno.

</doc>
<doc id="30985017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985017" title="Mohamed Raouraoua">
Mohamed Raouraoua

Mohamed Raouraoua (born 12 September 1947 in Casbah, Algiers) is the current president of the Algerian Football Federation and a member of the Executive Committee of FIFA as well as the president of the Union of North African football, the vice-president of the Union of Arab Football Associations.
He was first elected as president of the Algerian Football Federation in 2001 until 2005. He stood again for election in 2009 and was elected unanimously.
On 23 February 2011, Raouraoua was elected onto Fifa's executive committee. He took one of two places with Jacques Anouma retaining his position.
Raouraoua replaced disgraced Nigerian official Amos Adamu, who Fifa suspended for seeking bribes during the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding contests.

</doc>
<doc id="30985034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985034" title="Maija Kovaļevska">
Maija Kovaļevska

Maija Kovaļevska (born 21 September 1979) is a Latvian soprano opera singer. 
Kovaļevska was born in Riga. he rose to international prominence in 2006 after winning the Operalia, The World Opera Competition, judged by Plácido Domingo. She made her Metropolitan Opera debut in 2006, starring first as Mimi in Puccini's "La Bohéme" under the direction of Domingo, and later as Euridice in Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice."
In 2011, she starred as Michaela in the Royal Opera House's 3D film production of Bizet's "Carmen."
She is a student of Italian soprano Mirella Freni.

</doc>
<doc id="30985086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985086" title="With Byrd at the South Pole">
With Byrd at the South Pole

With Byrd at the South Pole (1930) is a documentary film about Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd and his 1st quest to the South Pole beginning at the Little America-Exploration Base. The film's soundtrack consists mostly of music and sound effects, with narration read by Floyd Gibbons. The film won at the 3rd Academy Awards for Best Cinematography.

</doc>
<doc id="30985090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985090" title="Hans Kuypers">
Hans Kuypers

Henricus Gerardus Jacobus Maria Kuypers ForMemRS (9 September 1925- 26 September 1989), usually more simply known as Hans Kuypers, was a Dutch neuroscientist.
He was born in Rotterdam, Netherlands, studied medicine at Leiden University and was awarded a Ph.D. in 1952 by Zurich University for his work on neuroanatomy. 
He was training as a neurologist at Groningen when he gave it up to move to Baltimore as assistant professor in the Department of Anatomy at the University of Maryland. He then moved on to Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio as a full professor. In 1966 he returned to the Netherlands to be the foundation Professor of Anatomy at Erasmus University in Rotterdam, a position he held until 1984, when he was appointed Professor of Anatomy at Cambridge University.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1986, his candidature citation reading " "Distinguished for his microanatomical mapping of the neuronal networks which interconnect particular areas of the neocortex with one another and with the thalamus, brainstem and spinal cord, especially in primates. His studies have involved the correlation of focal lesions in the brain with subtle disorders of motor performance, previously undetected but now exposed and analysed in ingenious behavioural experiments. He has made adventurous use of new microanatomical methods, invented or improved by himself, in order to examine descending pathways in the brainstem, such as the double labelling of cortical neurones by fluorescent dyes with different excitation wavelengths and chemical affinities, transported by axoplasmic flow in a retrograde direction from separately injected termini. The discoveries thus made through a powerful combination of complementary techniques have stimulated much behavioural and micro-physiological experimentation in his own and other laboratories"".
He died in Cambridge in 1989. He had married M.F. (Toetie) Sharp, with whom he had four daughters and two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="30985098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985098" title="Senya Fault">
Senya Fault


</doc>
<doc id="30985110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985110" title="Rajnagar (Madhya Pradesh) (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Rajnagar (Madhya Pradesh) (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Rajnagar Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state. but it was abolished in 1956. It came into existence again in 2008, following delimitation of legislative assembly constituencies.
Overview.
Rajnagar (constituency number 50) is one of the 6 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Chhatarpur district. This constituency covers the Khajuraho, Laundi and Rajnagar nagar panchayats and parts of Laundi and Rajnagar tehsils of the district.
Rajnagar is part of Khajuraho Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Chandla in this district, Pawai, Gunnaor and Panna in Panna district and Vijayraghavgarh, Murwara and Bahoriband in Katni district. 
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As from a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As from a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30985112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985112" title="QuietMan">
QuietMan

QuietMan, founded in 1995 by award-winning Creative Director Johnnie Semerad, is a creative collective specializing in visual effects for the advertising and entertainment industries.
QuietMan has worked on campaigns for Pepsi Max, FedEx, M&M’s and GE, as well as ongoing animation and VFX work for American mainstays like Disney, CBS’s Early Show, Jim Henson’s Muppets and Saturday Night Live. QuietMan’s work has garnered numerous industry awards over the years for their work, including the spot "Chimps" for HBO, which won Emmy, Cannes Lions, ADDY, LIAA, and Clio awards.

</doc>
<doc id="30985115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985115" title="Plumbago zeylanica">
Plumbago zeylanica

Plumbago zeylanica, commonly known as Ceylon Leadwort or Doctorbush, is a species of plumbago with a pantropical distribution. Carl Linnaeus described the paleotropical "P. zeylanica" and neotropical "P. scandens" as separate species, but they are currently considered synonymous. Ceylon Leadwort is a herbaceous plant with glabrous stems that are climbing, prostrate, or erect. The leaves are petiolate or sessile and have ovate, lance-elliptic, or spatulate to oblanceolate blades that measure 5-9 × 2.5-4 cm in length. Bases are attenuate while apexes are acute, acuminate, or obtuse. Inflorescences are 3-15 cm in length and have glandular, viscid rachises. Bracts are lanceolate and 3-7 × 1-2 mm long. The heterostylous flowers have white corollas 17-33 mm in diameter and tubes 12.5-28 mm in length. Capsules are 7.5-8 mm long and contain are reddish brown to dark brown seeds.
Plant extracts have shown potent mosquito larvicidal activity against the larvae of Aedes aegypti while showing no toxicity to fish
Hexane extracts of "Plumbago zeylanica" have shown activity against canine distemper virus.
Hexane extract of plumbago zeylanicaPlumbagin shows Antimicrobial activity
Methanol extract of plumbago zeylanicaPositive inotropic activity
Enzymatic spectrum of herbal Plants Plumbago Linn. 
Bioactive spectra of Plumbagin. 
methanol extract of plumbago zeylanica shows effect on root- knot nematode" Meloidogyne "spp. .
References.
5. Dama L.B., Poul B.N.and Jadhav B.V. (1998). Antimicrobial activity of Napthoquinonic compounds. J. Ecotoxicol. Environ. Monit. 8:213-215.
6. Poul B.N, Dama L.B.,and Jadhav B.V. (1999). Positive inotropic activity of "Plumbagin". D. E. I. J. Sci. Engineering Res. 11: 26-29.
7. Poul B. N., Dama L.B. and Jadhav B. V. (1999). Enzymatic spectrum of herbal Plants Plumbago Linn. Asian J. Chem. 11(1):273-275.
8. Poul B. N., DamaL.B. and Jadhav B. V. (1999). Bioactive spectra of Plumbagin. Asian J. Chem. 11 (1):144-148.
9. Dama L.B. (2002).  Effect of naturally occurring napthoquinones on root- knot nematode "Meloidogyne" spp. Indian Phytopathology. 55 (1): 67-69.

</doc>
<doc id="30985119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985119" title="Jean Ducret">
Jean Ducret

Jean Ducret (born 20 November 1887, date of death unknown) was a French international footballer. He played as a midfielder and played for five teams, most notably Olympique Lillois and Stade Français. Ducret was one of the national team's first-ever permanent captains having served in the role 13 times in 20 appearances from 1910–1914. Ducret also scored three goals for the team, which included his first-ever against Italy in a 6–2 defeat in May 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="30985139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985139" title="South African Class 8X 2-8-0">
South African Class 8X 2-8-0

The South African Class 8X 2-8-0 of 1901 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.
In 1901 and 1902 the Cape Government Railways placed sixteen 8th Class 2-8-0 Consolidation type steam locomotives in service. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and reclassified to Class 8X. One of them was later converted to a 4-8-0 Mastodon type wheel arrangement and reclassified to Class 8R.
Manufacturers.
The first locomotive of the Cape Government Railways (CGR) Consolidation type 8th Class was designed by H.M. Beatty, the Chief Locomotive Superintendent of the CGR from 1896 to 1910, and sixteen engines were ordered from the Schenectady Locomotive Works in the United States of America. While they were being built, in 1901, Schenectady merged with seven other locomotive builders to form the American Locomotive Company (ALCO).
As a result the first two locomotives, numbered 749 and 750, were built by Schenectady in 1901, while ALCO built the rest in 1902. Of those, the first seven were numbered in the range from 351 to 357 and were allocated to the CGR’s Midland System, while the last seven were numbered in the range from 751 tot 757 and joined the two Schenectady-builts on the CGR’s Western System.
They were conceived as mixed traffic locomotives, equally suitable for goods and passenger work, and had bar frames, narrow fireboxes, used saturated steam and had cylinders with overhead slide valves actuated by inside Stephenson valve gear.
Class 8 sub-classes.
Between 1902 and 1904 these sixteen locomotives were followed by several more orders, placed with various manufacturers, for similar locomotives for the CGR. While subjecting these first sixteen locomotives to exhaustive testing on all types of traffic and under varying conditions, some trouble was experienced with the leading pony truck and in the designs of later orders for more locomotives it was dropped in favour of a four-wheeled bogie. Most of the later locomotives were therefore built with a 4-8-0 Mastodon type wheel arrangement, but in spite of the difference they were all grouped together into the 8th Class by the CGR.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the CGR, the Natal Government Railways and the Central South African Railways, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the South African Railways (SAR) came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
In 1912 these Consolidation types were reclassified to Class 8X on the SAR. They, together with the rest of the CGR’s 8th Class Consolidation types and 8th Class 4-8-0 Mastodon types, plus the Class 8-L1 to 8-L3 4-8-0 Mastodon type locomotives from the Central South African Railways (CSAR), were grouped into ten different sub-classes by the SAR. The locomotives became SAR Classes 8 and 8A to 8F and the locomotives became Classes 8X to 8Z.
The table displays the locomotive builders, works numbers and the CGR to SAR renumbering for the Class 8X locomotives.
Wheel arrangement modification.
In 1930 one of the Class 8X locomotives, SAR no. 883, was reboilered with a purpose-built boiler. At the same time it was equipped with superheating and converted to a 4-8-0 Mastodon type wheel arrangement by replacing the leading pony truck with a bogie. Because of the modification it was reclassified and became the sole Class 8R.
Service.
In SAR service, the Class 8X was used mainly on the Cape Midland System. The majority of the class were withdrawn by 1937, with a lone locomotive, SAR no. 894, surviving to 1950 before being scrapped. The sole Class 8R 4-8-0 was put to work in the Eastern Transvaal until it was withdrawn from service in 1939.
Sides illustrated.
The main picture and the following photograph offer views of both sides of the Class 8X locomotive.

</doc>
<doc id="30985149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985149" title="Cantor, Stoneburner, Ford, Grana &amp; Buckner">
Cantor, Stoneburner, Ford, Grana &amp; Buckner

Cantor, Stoneburner, Ford, Grana & Buckner, P.C.
History.
Cantor, Stoneburner, Ford, Grana & Buckner is a United States law firm based in Richmond, Virginia. The firm has 6 attorneys, 16 employees, and was founded in 2009.
The firm can trace its roots to July, 1979, when Irv Cantor and Tom Rilee, having just completed clerkships with the Virginia Supreme Court, started the law firm of Rilee and Cantor.
In 1981, Bruce Arkema and Steve Edmonds joined the firm, and the firm’s name changed to Rilee, Cantor, Arkema & Edmonds. Irv Cantor was in charge of the law firm’s personal injury litigation, handling primarily insurance defense work. In the mid 1980s, Mr. Cantor made the decision to handle exclusively plaintiff cases and discontinued his insurance defense practice.
The firm hired its first associate, Stanley K. Joynes, in the early 1980s. In 1987, Mr. Joynes and Rilee, Cantor, Arkema & Edmonds was appointed as counsel for the future claimants in the Dalkon Shield bankruptcy case pending in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The Dalkon Shield litigation went on for several years and was a landmark case in mass tort/bankruptcy law.
In 1991, after the break-up of the well known Richmond law firm of Browder, Russell, several of that firm’s trial lawyers joined Rilee, Cantor, Arkema & Edmonds, and the firm’s name changed to Rilee, Cantor and Russell. Among the lawyers who joined the firm was Aubrey Ford, who had been the head of the litigation section of Browder, Russell. The firm grew to almost 25 lawyers. However, after several years, all of the medical malpractice defense lawyers from Browder, Russell left the firm as the plaintiff personal injury practice, still headed by Mr. Cantor, continued to grow. The firm then changed its name to Cantor, Arkema. Shortly thereafter, Lewis Stoneburner, a veteran trial lawyer with substantial experience and success in plaintiff medical malpractice cases, joined the firm.
During the 90s and early 2000s, Cantor, Arkema had two distinct practice areas: a business group and a plaintiff litigation group. The plaintiff litigation group included, among others, Irv Cantor, Lewis Stoneburner, Aubrey Ford, Stephanie Grana, and Elliott Buckner. The lawyers in the plaintiff litigation group consistently achieved verdicts and settlements that were listed among the highest in Virginia and were voted into leadership roles in several state and national plaintiff’s trial bar associations, including the presidency of the Virginia Trial Lawyers Association, the Virginia Chapter of the American Board of Trial Advocates, and the Metro Woman's Bar Association. Some of the significant cases handled by the group in the 90s included recoveries that were the largest ever recorded in the particular jurisdictions where the lawsuits were brought, including a 5.95 million dollar recovery in a medical malpractice case in a rural North Carolina county and a 4.5 million dollar recovery in a motor vehicle case in a rural Virginia county. In the early-2000s, the group achieved numerous other significant results, including a 5.6 million dollar verdict in a motor vehicle case, a 5 million dollar recovery in an industrial explosion case, a 5 million dollar recovery in a motorcycle accident case, and a 4.4 million dollar verdict in a medical malpractice case. 
The lawyers were not the only members of the firm to achieve national recognition. In 2008, Lori Tracoma, who has been a personal injury assistant with the firm since the early 1980s, was named “The National Paralegal of the Year” by the American Association for Justice at the AAJ National Conference in Philadelphia.
In 2009, the plaintiff trial lawyers decided to form their own law firm, dedicated exclusively to serious plaintiff injury, malpractice and commercial cases. The newly organized firm was named Cantor, Stoneburner, Ford, Grana & Buckner, P.C.
All of the firm’s partners are listed in “Best Lawyers in America”, and the firm is listed as a top tier law firm in personal injury, medical malpractice, legal malpractice, and employment law by US News and World Report’s survey of “Best Law Firms in the United States”.

</doc>
<doc id="30985160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985160" title="Dávid Leško">
Dávid Leško

Dávid Leško (born 4 June 1988 in Prešov) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for 1. FC Tatran Prešov.

</doc>
<doc id="30985162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985162" title="Wilhelm Beuttel">
Wilhelm Beuttel

Wilhelm Beuttel (22 July 1901 – 24 March 1945) was a highly decorated Major der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Wilhelm Beuttel was killed on 24 March 1945 in Lütkenfürst, East Prussia in the Heiligenbeil Pocket.

</doc>
<doc id="30985171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985171" title="Miinnehoma">
Miinnehoma

Miinnehoma (1983 – July 2012) was an Irish bred and British trained Thoroughbred racehorse most famous for his victory in the 1994 Grand National at Aintree, ridden by Richard Dunwoody, trained by Martin Pipe and owned by Freddie Starr.
Miinnehoma also won the 1992 Sun Alliance Chase and finished third to Master Oats in the 1995 Cheltenham Gold Cup at the age of twelve.
After retirement he spent the rest of his days at the stables of Martin Pipe until his death at the age of 29 in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30985176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985176" title="Hope River (West Coast)">
Hope River (West Coast)

The Hope River is a river in the southern part of the West Coast region of New Zealand, being the southernmost of three rivers named Hope in the South Island. It flows west for 15 kilometres, reaching the Tasman Sea 25 kilometres north of Big Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="30985182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985182" title="Kuwaiti general election, 1981">
Kuwaiti general election, 1981

Parliamentary elections were held in Kuwait on 23 February 1981. A total of 447 candidates contested the election, which saw pro-government candidates remain the largest bloc in Parliament. Voter turnout was 89.8%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985187" title="Entopolypoides">
Entopolypoides

Entopolypoides is a genus of parasitic protozoa belonging to the phylum Apicomplexa.
History.
The type species ("Entopolypoides macaci") was described by Mayer in 1934 in a "Macaca irus" monkey from Java.
Description.
Young parasites are delicate rings with a large vacuole but the more mature parasites have several fine long processes. 
After three days in the erythrocyte the parasite divides into four. There is no synchronicity of division.
Host range.
vervet monkeys ("Cercopithecus aethiops pygerythrus")
Syke's monkeys ("Cercopithecus mitis")
long tailed macaques ("Macaca fascicularis")
macque ("Macaca irus")
yellow baboon ("Papio cynocephalus")
Note.
The genus "Entopolypoides" may be synonymous with that of "Babesia". Further work in this area will be need to clarify this.

</doc>
<doc id="30985194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985194" title="USAN (disambiguation)">
USAN (disambiguation)

USAN or Usan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30985208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985208" title="Kuwaiti general election, 1985">
Kuwaiti general election, 1985

Parliamentary elections were held in Kuwait on 21 February 1985. A total of 231 candidates contested the election, which saw pro-government candidates remain the largest bloc in Parliament. Voter turnout was 85.1%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985214" title="Greatest the Hits 2011–2011">
Greatest the Hits 2011–2011

The single peaked at number 1 for two consecutive weeks on the Oricon charts selling more than 81,000 in its first week, and making this the first time Maximum the Hormone has ever topped a chart since their creation in 1998. It is also their best opening week, beating previous single "Tsume Tsume Tsume/'F'" who had sold approximately 62,000 copies in its first week. It was also certified by the RIAJ as gold for a shipping of more than 100,000 physical copies.
All three tracks are available on the Yoshu Fukushu album.

</doc>
<doc id="30985216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985216" title="Lucien Gamblin">
Lucien Gamblin

Lucien "Lulu" Gamblin (1890–1972) was a French international football player. He spent his entire career playing for Red Star FC and captained the team to three straight Coupe de France titles from 1921–1923. Gamblin was also a France international and made his debut with the team on 23 April 1911 in a 5–2 defeat to Switzerland. His international career was put on hold due to World War I. Following the war's conclusion, Gamblin captained the team in his final nine appearances. After retiring from football in 1923, he became a sports journalist working for such newspapers as L'Auto and France Football.

</doc>
<doc id="30985238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985238" title="Engelsburg">
Engelsburg

Engelsburg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30985240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985240" title="Fist Crushing a U.S. Fighter Plane Sculpture">
Fist Crushing a U.S. Fighter Plane Sculpture

The Fist Crushing a U.S. Fighter Plane Sculpture is a gold-coloured monument located in Misrata, Libya. It was once located at the Bab al-Azizia compound in the Libyan capital of Tripoli. The sculpture was commissioned by the nation's leader, Colonel Muammar Gaddafi following the 1986 bombing of Libya by United States aircraft. It was built in the shape of an arm and hand squeezing a fighter plane.
During the 2011 Libyan civil war, the sculpture was frequently noted in media coverage of televised speeches given by Gaddafi on 22 February and 20 March 2011, in which he vowed to "die a martyr" to prevent anti-government rebels prevailing.
On 23 August, at the height of the Battle of Tripoli, NTC rebels breached the Bab al-Azizia compound and international news stations broadcast pictures of rebels gathered around the statue, with one fighter having climbed onto it. Graffiti had been drawn on its base by rebel forces. At some point in time, the U.S. flag and initials U.S.A. had been removed from the representation of the plane.

</doc>
<doc id="30985264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985264" title="Yakovlevka">
Yakovlevka

Yakovlevka () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="30985271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985271" title="Kuwaiti general election, 1992">
Kuwaiti general election, 1992

Parliamentary elections were held in Kuwait on 20 October 1992. A total of 275 candidates contested the election, which saw independents win the largest number of seats, and candidates opposed to the government win a total of 31 seats. Voter turnout was 83.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985276" title="William D. MacGillivray">
William D. MacGillivray

William D. MacGillivray (born May 24, 1946 in St. John's, Newfoundland) is a Canadian film director and screenwriter. MacGillivray studied art and design at NSCAD University and at Concordia University. He then studied filmmaking at the London Film School in England in 1972. In 1974 he was one of the founding members of the Atlantic Filmmakers Cooperative and in 1979 directed his first film, "Aerial View". The following year he founded his own production company, Picture Plant, for which he wrote and directed four feature films over the coming years. His most successful film, "Life Classes" (1988), was nominated for the Genie Award for Best Motion Picture and was selected for official competition at the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="30985287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985287" title="Yakovlevsky District, Primorsky Krai">
Yakovlevsky District, Primorsky Krai

Yakovlevsky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-two in Primorsky Krai, Russia. It is located in the center of the krai. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Yakovlevka. Population: The population of Yakovlevka accounts for 27.9% of the district's total population.

</doc>
<doc id="30985289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985289" title="Manfred Matuschewski">
Manfred Matuschewski

Manfred Matuschewski (born 2 September 1939) is a retired track and field athlete from Germany.
Matuschewski was born in Weimar. He competed in the 800m event where he finished sixth at the 1960 Olympics. He was a two time European champion 1962 and 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="30985292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985292" title="Tanna Fault">
Tanna Fault


</doc>
<doc id="30985302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985302" title="Kuwaiti National Council election, 1990">
Kuwaiti National Council election, 1990

National Council elections were held in Kuwait on 10 June 1990. The Council (only half of which was elected) was created by the Emir to try to appease protestors. A total of 574 candidates contested the 50 seats, and although opposition called for a boycott, turnout was 62.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985304" title="George Crowle">
George Crowle

George Crowlde was a Member of Parliament for the Kingston upon Hull parliamentary constituency in Yorkshire, England. He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1722, but was elected M.P. in 1724 and served until 1747. 
He was appointed a Commissioner for Victualling the Navy in 1732, and a Commissioner of the Navy sometime between 1738 and 1740 (sources differ).
Personal life.
He was a grandson of Alderman George Crowle, who was sheriff of Kingston upon Hull in 1657, and mayor in 1661 and 1679, and eldest son and heir of William Crowle, of Springhead, a merchant who served as chamberlain of the borough of Hull 1688 and 1689.
On 27 January 1728 O.S/1729 N.S., he was married to Mary Middleton, of the Beddern, York, in York Minster.
His brother Richard Crowle was an unsuccessful candidate to succeed him, but did serve as MP for Hull from 1754-1757. Their sister Elisabeth married Daniel Wilson, another MP.

</doc>
<doc id="30985316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985316" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1616">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1616

United Nations Security Council resolution1616, adopted unanimously on 29 July 2005, after recalling all previous resolutions on the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including resolutions 1493 (2003), 1533 (2004), 1552 (2004), 1565 (2004), 1592 (2005) and 1596 (2005), the Council extended sanctions against the country for a further year after relevant parties did not comply with its demands.
Resolution.
Observations.
The Council began by reiterating its concern at the presence of armed groups in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in addition to the flow of weapons both within and into the country. It recognised the connections between the illegal exploitation and trade of natural resources, and arms trafficking as one of the factors fuelling conflicts in the African Great Lakes region.
Acts.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council noted the failure of the relevant parties in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to comply with the demands of the Security Council, and thus extended sanctions until 31 July 2006; the measures would be reviewed if the parties complied. 
The Secretary-General Kofi Annan was asked to re-establish an expert group until 31 January 2006 in order to monitor the implementation of the sanctions, and compliance with Security Council demands.

</doc>
<doc id="30985317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985317" title="Richard Crowle">
Richard Crowle

Richard Crowle was a Yorkshire lawyer and a member of parliament for the Kingston upon Hull parliamentary constituency. He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1747 to succeed his brother George Crowle, but was elected M.P. in 1754 and served until 1757.
He was a grandson of Alderman George Crowle, who was sheriff of Kingston upon Hull in 1657, and mayor in 1661 and '79, and a son of William Crowle, of Springhead, a merchant who served as chamberlain of the borough of Hull 1688 and 1689. Their sister Elisabeth married Daniel Wilson, another MP.

</doc>
<doc id="30985325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985325" title="Andy S. Jagoda">
Andy S. Jagoda

Andy S. Jagoda, M.D., is an American author and Professor and Chair of the Department of Emergency Medicine at the Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City. He has edited and authored 13 books, including "The Good Housekeeping Family First Aid Book" (ISBN 0-688-17894-4) and the textbook "Neurologic Emergencies" (ISBN 0-07-140292-6). He is an editor of the 8th edition of "Rosen’s Emergency Medicine" (ISBN 978-0-323-05472-0).
Jagoda is recognized nationally for his involvement in medical education and his expertise in the area of neurologic emergencies, including traumatic brain injury.
Education, military and professional careers.
Jagoda received his medical degree from Georgetown University in 1982. He completed a residency in emergency medicine at the joint program of Georgetown/George Washington/Maryland Institute for Emergency Medical Services System in 1985.
As a doctor in the United States Navy, Jagoda completed two tours in the Middle East, first during the Iran-Iraq War, and then again during Desert Storm/Desert Shield. He earned a Navy Achievement Medal for leading a resuscitation augmentation medical team in 1988 and in 1991 received the Navy Commendation Medal for meritorious service on the USNS Comfort. In 1990, he earned the rank of Lieutenant Commander. He was later made Assistant Professor at the Department of Military Medicine/Emergency Medicine at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Bethesda, Maryland. He was honorably discharged from the Navy in 1991.
After his military service, Jagoda joined the faculty of George Washington University, then the University of Florida. He joined the staff at the Mount Sinai Medical Center in 1995, earning the rank of Professor of Emergency Medicine with tenure in 2000. In 2009, he was named Chair of the Department of Emergency Medicine.
Jagoda is Editor-in-chief of Emergency Medicine Practice and an editorial board member of the Annals of Emergency Medicine. He is a member of the Executive Committee of the Brain Attack Coalition at the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (part of the National Institutes of Health) and of the Executive Board of the Foundation for Education and Research on Neurologic Emergencies (FERNE). He is also on the advisory board of the Indian Head Injury Foundation and of the Brain Trauma Foundation where he also serves as the EMS Director. He is past chair of the Clinical Policies Committee of the American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP), where his work with the committee for 14 years facilitated the evolution from a consensus-based process to an evidence-based process and promoted ACEP’s practice guideline methodology both nationally and internationally. He has organized evidence-based symposiums in Italy, the Netherlands, and Chile and co-organized the first Joint ACEP/Italian Congress on Emergency Medicine (in Torino). He is currently the ACEP's ambassador to Italy.
Jagoda is an active member of the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine and the New York Academy of Medicine.
Controversy.
In 2014, Bloomberg News reported presenting to Mount Sinai's emergency department were being coached to complain of acute cardiac symptoms to the emergency so that regularly scheduled procedures would be covered by Medicaid reimbursement. Jagoda was reported to have known of the alleged practice for over two years.

</doc>
<doc id="30985329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985329" title="Kuwaiti general election, 1996">
Kuwaiti general election, 1996

Parliamentary elections were held in Kuwait on 23 October 1996. A total of 230 candidates contested the election, which saw pro-government candidates win the largest number of seats. Voter turnout was 83.4%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985339" title="Philippe Bonnardel">
Philippe Bonnardel

Philippe Bonnardel (1899–1953) was a French international footballer. He is mostly known for his international career and his club stint at Red Star FC where he won three straight Coupe de France titles from 1921–1923. Bonnardel made his international debut on 29 February 1920 in a 2–0 victory over Switzerland. He was a member of the France team that participated in the football tournament at the 1924 Summer Olympics. In his final match as an international, he wore the armband in a 4–0 defeat to Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="30985341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985341" title="Negraşi Daffodil Meadow">
Negraşi Daffodil Meadow

The Negrași Daffodil Meadow () is a protected area near Negrași Commune, in Argeş County, Romania. It was declared as a natural reservation on June 24, 1966.
Position and accessibility.
The Daffodil Meadow is situated in the southern part of Argeș County, in the Găvanu-Burdea Plains, near the confluence of Dâmbovnic River and its tributary, Mozacu. It is a remote, unpolluted area.
It is located at from Piteşti, in the area of Negrași Commune, at about from Rociu. The access route is the county road DJ503. It is usually closed in winter.
Natural Reservation.
The reservation has and protects a rare daffodil, "Narcissus poeticus", ssp. "Radiiflorus".
Local importance.
Every May 13, a daffodil festival is held in Negrași.

</doc>
<doc id="30985352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985352" title="Vitsut">
Vitsut

Vitsut is an Estonian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30985361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985361" title="Kuwaiti general election, 1999">
Kuwaiti general election, 1999

Parliamentary elections were held in Kuwait on 4 July 1999. A total of 288 candidates contested the election, which saw pro-government candidates and secular opposition candidates emerge as the two largest blocs in Parliament. Voter turnout was 83.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985363" title="Illinois Natural History Survey">
Illinois Natural History Survey

The Illinois Natural History Survey (abbreviated as INHS), located on the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in Champaign, Illinois, is an active research institution with over 200 staff members, and it maintains one of the largest State-operated museums in the United States, with collections totaling over 6 million specimens of amphibians, annelids, birds, crustaceans, fish, fungi, insects, mammals, mollusks, plants, and reptiles from around the world. 

</doc>
<doc id="30985382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985382" title="Dora Noyce">
Dora Noyce

Dora Noyce (born Georgie Hunter Rae, 1900–1977) was a Scottish brothel keeper ('madam') based in Edinburgh.
Born in Ross Street, the youngest of five, her parents were Alexander Rae, a cutler, and his wife Mary. Noyce had a daughter Violet (b. 1923), and took the surname of her child's official father to use as a pseudonym. Noyce had begun to operate as a madam from premises at 17 Danube Street, Stockbridge, Edinburgh by the end of the war and remained there until her death. She owned other properties in the city and in Blackpool.
Overseeing 15 resident prostitutes, Noyce was able to draw on up to 25 other women in busy periods. Her employees apparently had regular health checks. Queues formed around the block when certain ships were in port. When the aircraft carrier USS John F. Kennedy was in dock at Leith, the women reportedly did £4,000 of business in one night and the ship's captain declared the house off-limits. Noyce was charged 47 times for living off immoral earnings, generally paid the fine instantly, and served a four-month prison sentence in 1972, her last time in custody. Local councillors commented that they received more complaints when the madam was in prison because her business was less well managed in these periods.
While she claimed in an interview that demand for her services was greatest during the Edinburgh Festival, her second busiest period was when the general assembly of the Church of Scotland was in session. A Conservative supporter who had banners for the party in her windows at election time, she embarrassed her member of parliament by turning up at garden fetes.
Dora Noyce became one of Edinburgh's characters, well-known to locals, who was mourned when she died. A correspondent to "The Scotsman" newspaper wrote: "I confess to having felt something of affection for Dora Noyce. At least she was prepared to accept responsibility for what occurred within and outside of her premises. ...It may well be that Mrs Noyce was right when she always claimed that she offered a necessary social service."

</doc>
<doc id="30985386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985386" title="Breaking Bad (season 4)">
Breaking Bad (season 4)

The fourth season of the American television drama series "Breaking Bad" premiered on July 17, 2011 and concluded on October 9, 2011. It consists of 13 episodes, each running approximately 47 minutes in length. AMC broadcast the fourth season on Sundays at 10:00 pm ET in the United States. The complete fourth season was released on Region 1 DVD and Region A Blu-ray on June 5, 2012.
Plot.
Following Walter White's order to Jesse Pinkman to murder Gale Boetticher, the chemist whom their boss, methamphetamine distributor Gus Fring, had planned on using to replace Walt, Gus responds by killing one of his own men and taking steps to secure the lab. He installs cameras to monitor Walt and Jesse's movements in the lab at all times. Upon searching Gale's apartment, the police find two clues: refuse linking the vegan Gale to Gus's fast food chicken restaurants, and a lab notebook with detailed steps for cooking meth with an inscription "To W.W." The police give recovering and off-duty DEA supervisor Hank Schrader copies of this evidence. Hank starts to suspect that Gus is a major player in the meth operation and tries to investigate on his own, eliciting his brother-in-law Walt's assistance. Hank believes Gus's background as a Chilean national is sketchy at best, and his suspicions lead him to eventually connect Gus to the industrial laundry service that fronts the meth laboratory. Meanwhile, Skyler tries to convince her husband Walt to avoid excess spending in order to reduce the risk of exposing their money laundering scheme: their new car wash business at which Walt was formerly employed. When Walt splurges on a new car for Walt Jr. against her warnings, Skyler tries to leave but ends up returning to help her family. As the season unfolds, Skyler learns that her former boss Ted Beneke had concealed business revenue in earlier tax returns, and would face an IRS investigation that would likely reveal Skyler and Walt's illicit wealth. Skyler convinces Walt's attorney Saul Goodman to fake an estate inheritance from a fictitious aunt, which she uses to divert more than $600,000 to Ted to pay Ted's IRS fine to end that investigation.
Jesse cleans up his act and is surprised when Mike Ehrmantraut, Gus's "cleaner", takes him as protection for picking up several dead-drops. One attack is staged (unknown to Jesse) and Jesse is able to thwart it, giving him confidence in supporting Mike and Gus. They learn that the Mexican cartel has been attacking Gus's trucks as a message, and after they attempt to attack Gus directly, Gus agrees to meet with them. Walt, in the meantime, gives Jesse a capsule of ricin, a deadly poison, to use to kill Gus. Jesse hesitates and doesn't follow through, infuriating Walt. Jesse is invited by Gus to join him and Mike in traveling to Mexico, where they have Jesse teach the cartel scientists how to cook the blue meth. A flashback reveals that Gus has a long-standing feud with the head of the Cartel, Don Eladio Vuente, as he had ordered Hector Salamanca to kill his partner, Max, while they were trying to arrange an amicable meth trade. Gus is able to poison Don Eladio and the heads of the cartel, while Jesse helps him and Mike to escape the few guards that survived. On Jesse's return, Walt finds himself again being rendered useless, and later is tasered by Tyrus and taken to the outskirts of town where Gus tells him that he is fired, and that he will take care of Hank. He tells Walt that if he tries to interfere, he will kill Walt's wife and children. Walt has Saul anonymously tip off the DEA to an imminent attack on Hank while trying to arrange to get his family relocated, but finds without the $600,000 that Skyler gave to Ted, he cannot pay the fee.
Hank and his family, as well as Skyler and Walt Jr., are placed in DEA protective custody; Walt refuses, trying to deal with the situation himself, realizing that Jesse is the key piece. Sometime later, Jesse learns that his girlfriend Andrea's son has suddenly fallen ill; he discovers the cigarette containing the ricin capsule missing and immediately assumes the boy had been purposely poisoned. Jesse confronts Walt, ready to kill him for it, but Walt insists he couldn't have done it and that it was likely Gus's fault. Jesse believes Walt and returns to the hospital, refusing to return to work. Gus comes to the hospital to learn of this from Jesse, but agrees to allow Jesse to remain and come back to work in the week. This meeting has given time for Walt to plant a bomb on Gus's car, but as Gus returns, he appears uneasy, and simply walks away from the car. Walt learns from Jesse that the only place where Gus is vulnerable is when he is visiting the wheelchair-bound Hector at a local nursing home. Walt visits Hector and (implicitly) proposes a plot to allow Hector revenge (against Gus). Hector asks to be taken to the DEA, but reveals nothing, simply insulting Hank. Gus learns of Hectors's visit and, thinking he has "ratted" to the DEA, decides to kill him. Hector is ready to be sacrificed and he detonates the bomb, installed by Walt, resulting in the death of Gus, Tyrus and Hector himself. Walt returns to the lab, kills Jesse's guards, and informs Jesse that Gus is dead. Knowing Hank is closing in, they torch the lab and walk away. Walt calls Skyler, letting her know that he "won." The final scene reveals that Walt used berries from the Lily of the Valley at his home to poison Andrea's son Brock, and thus goad Jesse into action.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Production.
On June 14, 2010, AMC announced that "Breaking Bad" was renewed for a fourth, 13-episode season. The writers began brainstorming and writing for the season in early July 2010. At the 2011 Television Critics Association press tour, it was announced production on the season would begin January 13, 2011. Filming ended in mid-June of that year. Although the writing staff knew the fourth season would focus primarily on the ongoing feud between Walter White and Gus Fring, they did not specifically plan out the entire season before production began, but rather developed the story as the episodes progressed. This followed a pattern similar to that from the third season, and differed distinctly from the second season, where the entire storyline of the season was planned out in advance. Gilligan compared the fourth season to a "13-episode chess game" between Gus and Walt.
Originally, mini episodes of four minutes in length were to be produced before the premiere of the fourth season, but these did not come to fruition. Actor Bryan Cranston commented that the season would debut in July 2011 in an interview with "New York Magazine", he also said, regarding the premiere date, that "It was a decision from AMC that they wanted to position us in July... They want to attract as many eyeballs as possible, away from the heavy competition of the September, November January start."
Reception.
Reviews.
The fourth season of "Breaking Bad" received universal acclaim from critics, garnering a 96 out of 100 on Metacritic. "The Boston Globe" referred to the show as a "taut exercise in withheld disaster" and declared the show "riveting". The "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" labelled the series "smart and thought provoking that elevates the artistic achievements of the medium". Season four was listed by many critics as one of the best seasons of television in 2011. "Time" listed Walter White's "I am the one who knocks" line as one of the best television lines of 2011. "The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" listed it as the best series of 2011 while noting that, ""Breaking Bad" is that rare TV series that has never made a seriously damaging storytelling misstep." "The A.V. Club"'s review of the finale summed it up as a "fantastically fitting end for a season that ran in slow motion, starting and continuing with so many crises begging for resolution week after week. Now the decks are cleared, but that doesn't mean anybody is home free. Nothing's ever easy on "Breaking Bad"." The reviewer continued to exalt the season, and proclaimed, "What a season of television — truly something none of us could ever have expected, or claimed we deserved." Best-selling author Noah Charney called it "the best show on television" and compared it to great works of literature for its three-dimensional characters and combination of action, drama, and dark comedy.
Awards and nominations.
The fourth season received numerous awards and nominations, including 13 Primetime Emmy Award nominations. Aaron Paul won the only award for the series, winning for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series. Its nominations included Outstanding Drama Series, Bryan Cranston for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series, Giancarlo Esposito for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series, Anna Gunn for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series, Mark Margolis for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series, Vince Gilligan for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series ("Face Off"), Michael Slovis for Outstanding Cinematography for a One Hour Series ("Face Off"), and Kelley Dixon and Skip MacDonald each for Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Drama Series ("End Times" and "Face Off"). "Face Off" was also nominated for Outstanding Sound Editing, Outstanding Sound Mixing, and Outstanding Special Visual Effects in a Supporting Role.
Bryan Cranston received his second consecutive Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actor in a Drama Series. Cranston was also nominated for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series for the Screen Actors Guild Award, with the series nominated for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series.
Vince Gilligan received his first nomination for a Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Drama Series for "Face Off". The series earned three nominations for the Writers Guild of America Awards, winning two; Best Drama Series and Best Episodic Drama ("Box Cutter").
At the 28th TCA Awards, the series was nominated for three awards, including Program of the Year, Outstanding Achievement in Drama, and Individual Achievement in Drama (Cranston). It went on to win Outstanding Achievement in Drama.
For the 2nd Critics' Choice Television Awards, the series received five nominations for Best Drama Series, Best Actor in a Drama Series (Cranston), Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series (Giancarlo Esposito and Aaron Paul), and Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series (Anna Gunn), winning two; Best Actor in a Drama Series (Cranston) and Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series (Esposito).
The series also received two Satellite Award nominations for Best Drama Series and Best Actor in a Drama Series (Cranston), along with six Saturn Award nominations, including Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series, Best Actor on Television (Cranston), Best Supporting Actor on Television (Esposito and Paul), and Best Guest Performer on Television (Steven Bauer and Mark Margolis), winning three; Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series, Best Actor on Television (Cranston), and Best Supporting Actor on Television (Paul).
Kelley Dixon and Skip MacDonald were each nominated for an Eddie Award for Best Edited One-Hour Series for Commercial Television. Dixon was nominated for "End Times" and MacDonald was nominated for "Face Off". MacDonald went on to win the award.

</doc>
<doc id="30985387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985387" title="C. Michael Smith">
C. Michael Smith

C. Michael Smith (born August 29, 1950 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a clinical psychologist and scholar whose medical anthropological and theoretical work has focused on the study of healing systems across cultures. He holds that study of indigenous healing systems can help clarify the strengths and weaknesses of our own modern health care systems.
Biography.
C. Michael Smith attended the University of Chicago where he studied with the French philosopher Paul Ricoeur and the cultural psychologist Sudhir Kakar. He took two doctorates from the Chicago Theological Seminary, under Robert L. Moore. He holds a certificate in Analytical Psychology from the CG Jung Institute of Chicago.
He is director and founder of Crows Nest Center for Shamanic Studies USA, France and Belgium and has taught at Center Trimurti in Cogolin, France 2009-2011, and is currently teaching at Institut Resources (PNL) in Bruxelles, Belgium. His special area of focus has been in bridging indigenous American medicine systems with depth psychology. He is author of "Jung and Shamanism in Dialogue" (Paulist Press 1997) and "Psychotherapy and the Sacred" (Chicago: Center for the Scientific Study of Religion Press, 1995) for which he won a NAAP Gradiva Nominee Award in 1996.
Teachings.
Smith's work has been an interdisciplinary enterprise in applying the phenomenological-hermeneutic and dialogic method of inquiry, learned while a student of the French philosopher Paul Ricoeur at the University of Chicago. This methodology was then combined with medical-anthropological methods of analysis and interpretation of healing systems across cultures, derived from his studies with Sudhir Kakar, also at Chicago.
Finally he combined all this with the scheme of "ritual process and leadership in establishing and maintaining the boundaries of transformative sacred space" created by his doctoral chair, the Jungian analyst and theorist Robert L. Moore, of the Chicago Theological Seminary. Smith credits these three figures with giving his own scholarly and practical work, its orientation and thrust.
Medical Anthropology.
Smith has defined medical-anthropology thus: Medical anthropology is a multi-disciplinary field examining the relationship between culture and health care systems, and the way disease is engendered, shaped, managed, diagnosed, and treated within a given society.
From his first publication in 1981, "Theology and the Human Story" Creative Theological Scholarship, Winter 1981, Vol. 42, No.1 Smith has shown increasing interest in the applications of sacred story and myth to the problems of human suffering. In his medical anthropological writing he has extended this interest into identifying all manner of sacred resources within a cultural or religion bond context (myth, symbol, ritual, rites of passage, sacred texts, theological doctrines, sacred architecture, use of mandalas, geometrix, charms, amulets, etc.).
Smith has been especially interested in the clinical applications of his study of health care systems across cultures. He advocates that the study of other cultural health care systems can illuminate the strengths and weaknesses of our own.
Framework for the Sacred.
Smith contends that there is an unacknowledged public grieving over the loss of the role of the sacred in modern western psychological and psychiatric practices, claiming that modern people are disappointed when their problems and suffering are not placed in a context of ultimate meaning & Sacred 21. In "Psychotherapy and the Sacred", he criticized American psychotherapy professions for lack of understanding and skill in working with the spiritual and religious needs of the patient & Sacred 3–14.
Smith also criticized the field of transpersonal psychology for an over-emphasis on Eastern mysticisms and practices & Sacred 12-13, claiming that more attention needed to be given to western religious traditions, to the indigenous American and shamanic peoples of the circumpolar regions, and of the Americas, North, Central, and South. While acknowledging the great value of Eastern resources, Smith has been more consistently interested in Western and indigenous forms of healing, and he claims they have much spiritual healing wisdom that can address some of the maladies and problems in living that are widespread in modern culture.
Axis Mundi.
Much of Smith's focus developed into the role of the sacred, and particularly the sacred center, or axis mundi (Mircea Eliade). He claims it is found, phenomenologically and experientially, within the psyche, and within the cultural, mythic, and religious institutions. Smith contends that we need a psychological model that has included within it the spiritual center of the client, an interior axis mundi.
If the sacred is built solidly into our psychological theories, it may then enter legitimately into our therapeutic and clinical practices. In "Psychotherapy and the Sacred", Smith describes how this sacred center is addressed in various traditional cultures: India (Sufi, Islamic Unani healing system tradition), Africa (Yoruban healing system), 18th Century German pastoral care system, and a rare modern American example of a Pastoral Psychotherapy of a Psychosis. Smith draws on his Jungian theory and the process philosophy inspired by A.N. Whitehead, to develop a theory of the sacred as integral to the psyche and its health. He focuses particularly on Jung's concept of the archetypal Self, and its Spiritus Rector function as the most likely model of how the sacred can be present and effective in the psyche, and support clinical healing efforts. The spiritus rector is the central interior wisdom directing the psyche as a whole in its quest for wholeness and health. It is a precursor that influenced Stanislav Grof's concept of the "holotropic" (from holo-trepein = moving towards wholeness).
Jung and Shamanism: Building Bridges.
Smith emphasizes the interior "axis mundi" as this "spiritus rector" function at work in the psyche in his subsequent work. In his most well-known book, "Jung and Shamanism in Dialogue" Press, 1997 he used the dialogic method (Ricoeur) to build a theoretical bridge between shamanism and the Jungian psychological model. Smith takes Jung's life and work and creates a dialogue between classic shamanism as a proposed dialogic partner. Each of Jung's major concepts as well as his psychological and therapeutic methods are rigorously compared and contrasted. The scope of the project ranges across the therapeutic use of non ordinary states of consciousness associated with shamanism and Jung's psychology (dreams, active imagination, visions, and psychoses with spiritual content) and across evolutionary, neurobiological, and cultural phenomena, such as the therapeutic use of myth, chant, amulet, ritual space and containment, correlations of soul loss and contemporary dissociation theory. In the course of the book Smith advocates the need to develop a contemporary shamanic-psychotherapeutic type model for our time and place, so that we have a solid model for the active use of sacred resources in therapeutically addressing human problems in living. This book is used as a text at academic institutions rooted in depth psychology.
In this work he showed the application of this bridge-model to treatment of a variety of life-crises and trauma disorders, including post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and dissociative identity disorder (DID). In the 2nd edition 2007, Smith links his process model interpretation of the "archetypal Self" and "spiritus rector" conceptions theoretically to the concept of the "heart" in shamanistic and indigenous American healing systems.

</doc>
<doc id="30985426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985426" title="Lebanese general election, 1943">
Lebanese general election, 1943

General elections were held in Lebanon on 29 August 1943, with a second round in some constituencies on 4 September. Independent candidates won the majority of seats. Voter turnout was 50.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985427" title="2011 SAFF Championship">
2011 SAFF Championship

The 2011 South Asian Football Federation Championship, sponsored by Karbonn Mobiles and officially named Karbonn SAFF Championship 2011, was the ninth tournament of the SAFF Championship, which held in New Delhi, India.
Venue.
It was originally scheduled to take place in Orissa, India, but was switched to New Delhi by the Executive Committee of the All India Football Federation on September 22.
The Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi was the main venue for the tournament. It is also the home stadium for Indian national football team and hosted the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
Draw.
The draw ceremony took place on 2 November 2011 at New Delhi's Le Meridien Hotel was attended by a host of dignitaries including AIFF General Secretary Kushal Das, SAFF General Secretary Alberto Colaco and Maldives Football Association General Secretary Shah Ismail.
Group stage.
All times are Indian Standard Time (IST) – 
Statistics.
Other Statistics.
2. Pakistan vs Maldives 0-0 
Broadcasting.
YouTube Live.
In a deal with World Sport Group and SAFF’s exclusive marketing and media partner, all matches were shown live on YouTube. The live matches are accessible globally through SAFF Youtube Channel except in India, where they were available on a delayed basis the following day.
Television.
1 Only Afghan matches

</doc>
<doc id="30985430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985430" title="Michael Garrett">
Michael Garrett

Michael Garrett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30985451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985451" title="Lebanese general election, 1947">
Lebanese general election, 1947

General elections were held in Lebanon on 25 May 1947, with a second round in some constituencies on 1 June. Independent candidates won the majority of seats. Voter turnout was 61.5%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985478" title="Jeff Ray Clark">
Jeff Ray Clark

Jeff Ray (J.R.) Clark is an American economist specializing in public finance, public choice, and managerial economics. 
Education.
A native of Waynesboro, Virginia, Clark attended the University of Richmond and Virginia Commonwealth University earning the B.S. in Economics in 1970. He received the Ph.D. (1974) in Economics from Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Professional history.
Clark held a series of national level administrative positions with the Joint Council on Economic Education in New York from 1974 to 1980. In 1980, he was appointed professor of economics at Fairleigh Dickinson University and chaired a large tri-campus economics and finance department. In 1988, he completed a visiting research fellowship at Princeton University and held the Hendrix Chair at The University of Tennessee at Martin until 1993. Since then, Clark has served as the Scott L. Probasco, Jr. Chair of Free Enterprise at The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga.
Clark has consulting experience in both the public and private sectors and philanthropic experience at the national and institutional level. He has held seats on the boards of The Palmer R. Chitester Fund, the William B. Cockroft Foundation, the Freedoms Foundation, and Kenco Corporation. Clark holds an Airline Transport Pilot rating and currently flies light jet aircraft.
Clark was president of The Association of Private Enterprise Education in 1992. He is currently secretary/treasurer of both The Association of Private Enterprise Education and the Southern Economic Association. In 2006, he was elected to the board of directors for The Mont Pelerin Society and vice president in 2010. In 2012, he served as vice president, freedom and free enterprise, at the John Templeton Foundation. He is economics editor of the "Journal of Economics and Finance Education", managing editor of "The Journal of Private Enterprise", and business manager of the "Southern Economic Journal".

</doc>
<doc id="30985487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985487" title="Lebanese general election, 1951">
Lebanese general election, 1951

General elections were held in Lebanon on 15 April 1951, with a second round in some constituencies on 22 April. Independent candidates won the majority of seats. Voter turnout was 54.7%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985516" title="Lebanese general election, 1953">
Lebanese general election, 1953

General elections were held in Lebanon between 12 July and 9 August 1953, the first under the new electoral system which allowed candidates to win with a plurality of votes, rather than requiring a second round. Independent candidates won the majority of seats. Voter turnout was 50.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985560" title="Lebanese general election, 1957">
Lebanese general election, 1957

General elections were held in Lebanon between 9 and 23 June 1957. Independent candidates won the majority of seats. Voter turnout was 53.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985564" title="Al Mar Knives">
Al Mar Knives

Al Mar Knives is a production knife company headquartered in Tualatin, Oregon, United States. Al Mar Knives was established in 1979 by Al Mar, and has a reputation for making tactical knives of innovative design. While headquartered in the United States, Al Mar Knives are made in Japan.
Al Mar.
Al Mar was born in the US, a son of Chinese immigrants. Mar served in a Special Forces Reserve unit and in the late 1950s volunteered to serve in Vietnam with a special project using all-Asian Special Forces soldiers. The project was run from Okinawa where the 1st SFGA had a forward deployed battalion stationed and support assets. Mar was a non-commissioned officer. After serving in the Army, Mar earned a Masters Degree in Industrial Design from Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California. His masters thesis was building and launching a working 2 man submarine, upon graduating he went to work for an industrial design firm in Los Angeles in 1967.
Mar went on to become a packaging designer and eventually the head of knife design for Gerber Legendary Blades in 1968. Gerber's head designer had retired and Pete Gerber gave Mar the task of coming up with an aluminum handle for a kitchen knife. Gerber thought the project was very successful and offered Mar the position of design chief.
In 1979, Mar left Gerber to form his own company: Al Mar Knives. The knives were manufactured in Seki City, Japan in a 1000 year-old sword making facility; Al Mar knives have been made by the firms of Mitsubishi, Sakai, Fujita, Fukuta and Hattori.
Al Mar died in 1992 from an aneurysm. The color guard provided for his memorial service was drawn from the reserve Special Forces company then stationed at the Portland Air National Guard base. Mar had supported the unit for some time and was an honorary member of the company.
Today the company is headed by Gary Fadden who purchased a controlling interest. In the late 1980s Mar was inducted into the "Fighting Knives Magazine" Hall of Fame. Then in 2009, he was inducted in the "Blade Magazine" Cutlery Hall of Fame.
Mar was a close friend of Colonel James "Nick" Rowe and other well known and respected Special Forces ("Green Berets") luminaries. He was a Life member of the Special Forces Association as well as the Special Operations Association.
Company history.
With the founding of Al Mar Knives, Mar is considered the father of specialty custom/production cutlery and led the way for the trends within the cutlery industry for using custom quality and design in a mass-produced knife. Drawing on his experiences as a lifelong martial artist with black belt rankings in judo and kendo, and his service as a Green Beret, the majority of Al Mar Knives were initially designed for the military and law enforcement communities. However, as the company evolved the designs merged from martial to hunting, fishing, and even kitchen knives.
The Al Mar SERE Knife was the first knife accepted for use by Special Forces Colonel Nick Rowe for the SERE Instructor School at Camp McCall, North Carolina. The SERE was the first factory-made production knife to sell for over US$100.
Collaborations.
Al Mar Knives has collaborated with a number of knife makers, martial artists, and military tacticians including Rex Applegate, Nick Rowe, Bob Taylor, Bill Harsey, Jr., and ABS Mastersmith Kirk Rexroat.

</doc>
<doc id="30985570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985570" title="Hockey contracts">
Hockey contracts

The following is the types of hockey contracts that players may be signed to when they play professional ice hockey.
NHL Contracts.
Two way contract.
A two-way contract is a professional sports contract which stipulates that an athlete’s salary is dependent upon the league in which the athlete is assigned to play.
One-way contract.
A one-way contract means that the player is paid the same amount of money regardless of whether he plays in the NHL or the AHL.
Standard Player Contract.
AHL/ECHL.
This is what a player signs to lay out the terms of their playing status and salary. This is not transferable to the NHL and would require the player to sign a new contract with the NHL team.
Professional Try Out.
A Professional Try Out (PTO) is found only in the AHL. This type of contract is limited to 25 games and a player can only be signed to a PTO twice per season. After the second time, the player is either signed to a Standard Player Contract, is a free agent, or if the player is signed to an ECHL team, he is then returned to that team.
Amateur Try Out.
An Amateur Try Out (ATO) is found in the NHL, the AHL, and the ECHL. This type of contract is for players who are leaving college and attempting to turn professional, are done with college, or are graduating from the junior leagues. This is a very common practice near the end of the professional seasons as they go deeper into the year than college or junior schedules. A recent use of this in the NHL was on December 16, 2010, when the Phoenix Coyotes signed Tom Fenton to a one game amateur contract. Another use of an ATO was when the Minnesota Wild signed 51-year-old Paul Deutsch on November 23, 2011. Deutsch was signed because the Wild were unsure their minor league goalie, Matt Hackett, would arrive in time for the game. Deutsch wore number 33 and only participated in warm ups, as Hackett arrived just before the game started. Deutsch said the last time he played organized hockey was in 1978 as a defenseman on his junior varsity high school hockey team. He first played goalie at the age of 37 in a "beer league" in Minnesota.
On March 28, 2012, Former University of Michigan goaltender Shawn Hunwick was signed to an ATO by the Columbus Blue Jackets after starting Goaltender Steve Mason was injured during practice.
On February 28, 2014, the Buffalo Sabres signed their former video scout Ryan Vinz to an ATO after starting goaltender Ryan Miller was traded before warm-ups.

</doc>
<doc id="30985592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985592" title="Amara District">
Amara District

Amara District is a district of the Maysan Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="30985597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985597" title="Lebanese general election, 1960">
Lebanese general election, 1960

General elections were held in Lebanon between 12 June and 2 July 1960. Independent candidates won the majority of seats. Voter turnout was 50.7%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985620" title="Joseph Freeman (fencer)">
Joseph Freeman (fencer)

Joseph Freeman (born 18 July 1948) is an American fencer. He competed in the individual and team foil events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30985625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985625" title="Sivica">
Sivica

Sivica () is a village in Međimurje County, Croatia.
The village is part of the Podturen municipality and had a population of 743 in the 2001 census. It is located around 9 kilometres from the centre of Čakovec, the county seat of Međimurje County. The main road going through the village connects Čakovec with Podturen, which is located around 4 kilometres from Sivica. 
The village is mainly surrounded by agricultural fields and some forests. The closest villages to Sivica include Celine, Gornji Kraljevec and Novo Selo Rok.

</doc>
<doc id="30985632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985632" title="Patricia Stephens Due">
Patricia Stephens Due

Patricia Stephens Due (December 9, 1939 – February 7, 2012) was one of the leading African-American civil rights activists in the United States, especially in her home state of Florida. Along with her sister Priscilla and others trained in nonviolent protest by CORE, Due spent 49 days in one of the nation's first jail-in, refusing to pay a fine for sitting in a Woolworth's "White only" lunch counter in Tallahassee, Florida in 1960. Her eyes were damaged by tear gas used by police on students marching to protest such arrests, and she wore dark glasses for the rest of her life. She served in many leadership roles in CORE and the NAACP, fighting against segregated stores, buses, theaters, schools, restaurants, and hotels, protesting unjust laws, and leading one of the most dangerous voter registration efforts in the country in northern Florida in the 1960s.
With her daughter, Tananarive, Due wrote "Freedom in the Family: a Mother-Daughter Memoir of the Fight for Civil Rights," documenting the struggle she participated in, initially as a student at Florida A&M University, and later working for civil rights organizations and Florida communities, sometimes in partnership with her husband, civil rights attorney John D. Due, Jr. 
Biography.
Patricia Stephens was born on December 9, 1939 in Quincy, Florida to Lottie Mae (née Powell) and Horace Walter Stephens. She was the second of three children. In 1963, she married Florida A&M University (FAMU) law student John D. Due, Jr., who went on to become a prominent civil rights attorney. The couple had three daughters.
Due's university studies were repeatedly interrupted by protests and arrests that sometimes got her suspended, as well as speaking and fund-raising tours. Though she entered Florida A&M University in 1957, she did not receive her degree until 1967.
Civil rights activism.
Due and her sister Priscilla started fighting segregation when Due was 13 by insisting on being served at the "white only" window of their local Dairy Queen, instead of the "colored" window.
During the summer of 1959, the sisters attended a nonviolent resistance workshop organized by the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE). On February 20, 1960, eleven FAMU students, including Patricia and Priscilla, were arrested for ordering food at a "white only" Woolworth lunch counter. On March 12, dozens of FAMU and Florida State University students who participated in sit-ins at McCrory’s and Woolworth’s were arrested. A thousand students began marching from the FAMU campus toward downtown Tallahassee, but were stopped by Police officers with teargas. At the head of the march, Due was teargassed right in the face, and suffered permanent eye damage. 
Due and the other sit-in participants were tried and found guilty on March 17, 1960. Eight refused to pay the $300 fine, deciding instead to go to jail. Eight students served 49 days at the Leon County Jail: FAMU students Patricia and Priscilla Stephens, John Broxton, Barbara Broxton and William Larkins, and three other students—Clement Carney, Angelina Nance, and 16-year-old high school student Henry Marion Steele (son of activist pastor Rev. C.K. Steele). 
The "jail-in" gained nationwide attention, and the students received a supportive telegram from Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. Due sent a letter to baseball pioneer Jackie Robinson, who published it in a column he wrote. Robinson later sent the jailed students diaries so they could write down their experiences. After the jail-in, Due and the others traveled the country in speaking tours to publicize the civil rights movement. She met with such luminaries as Eleanor Roosevelt and author James Baldwin, and would be jailed on numerous occasions as a leader in the movement.
Death.
Patricia Stephens Due died in 2012, aged 72, following a battle with cancer. 
Honors.
Due received the Eleanor Roosevelt Award for Outstanding Leadership, the Gandhi Award for Outstanding Work in Human Relations, and the Florida Freedom Award from the NAACP. She was also awarded an honorary doctorate from her alma mater, Florida A&M University.
In 2008, the National Hook-Up of Black Women Inc. honored Due at its national convention.

</doc>
<doc id="30985634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985634" title="Lebanese general election, 1964">
Lebanese general election, 1964

General elections were held in Lebanon between 5 April and 3 May 1964. Independent candidates won the majority of seats. Voter turnout was 53.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="30985651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985651" title="Carl Borack">
Carl Borack

Carl Borack (born 12 July 1947) is an American fencer. He competed in the individual and team foil events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30985673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985673" title="Colonoware">
Colonoware

Colonoware, which is alternately called Colono-Indian Ware, is a type of earthenware made and used along the east coast of North America from the sixteenth through to the nineteenth centuries.
It was first identified by the British archaeologist Ivor Noël Hume, who published his findings in 1962. He referred to it as "Colono-Indian Ware", believing that it had been developed by Native Americans, who then sold it for the use of African American slaves.
Archaeological investigation.
The first archaeologist to identify and categorize colonoware was Ivor Noël Hume (1927-), who had been undertaking excavations of Colonial Williamsburg throughout the late 1950s and early 1960s. In 1962, he published a paper entitled "An Indian Ware of the Colonial Period" in the "Quarterly Bulletin" of the Archaeological Society of Virginia, which he devoted to the discussion of this particular earthenware. Believing that it was produced by Native American communities, he called it "Colono-Indian Ware" and introduced his paper as a contribution to the "study of American Indian archaeology and culture". 
In subsequent decades, further excavations took place across South Carolina under the mandates of the National Historic Preservation Act and other federal statutes. Through these, much more colonoware was unearthed, leading one archaeologist working in the state, Leland Ferguson, to examine it further. In doing so, he came to the conclusion that the majority of it was produced not by Native Americans, but by African Americans. 

</doc>
<doc id="30985678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985678" title="Lebanese general election, 1968">
Lebanese general election, 1968

General elections were held in Lebanon between 24 March and 7 April 1968. Independent candidates won the majority of seats, although many of them were considered to be members of various blocs. Voter turnout was 49.6%.
Background.
According to the 1960 constitution, the 99 seats were divided amongst ethnic and religious groups:
Results.
Of the 60 independents:

</doc>
<doc id="30985684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985684" title="Advanced Facer-Canceler System">
Advanced Facer-Canceler System

The Advanced Facer Canceller System (AFCS) is a high-speed machine used by the US Postal Service to cull, face, and cancel letter mail through a series of automated operations. AFCS was first implemented in 1992, and is capable of processing 30,000 pieces of mail per hour.

</doc>
<doc id="30985692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985692" title="John Nonna">
John Nonna

John Nonna (born 8 July 1948) is an American fencer. He competed in the individual and team foil events at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He later became an attorney specializing in insurance law, Mayor of Pleasantville, New York, and a member of the Westchester County Board of Legislators.

</doc>
<doc id="30985725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985725" title="Violieren">
Violieren

The Violieren (wallflower or gillyflower) was a chamber of rhetoric that dates back to the 15th century in Antwerp, when it was the social drama society of the Guild of St. Luke. In 1660 it merged with its former rival "Olijftak", and in 1762 the society was dissolved altogether.
History.
Much of what is known today about these two societies comes from the city and guild archives. According to a note by the year 1480 in the early records of the Guild of St. Luke, the chamber's first victory was at a "Landjuweel" in Leuven that took place that year. Their motto was "Wt ionsten versaemt "(united in friendship). From 1490, the chamber received an annual grant from the town of Antwerp. In 1493 they participated in a major contest in Mechelen and in 1496 they hosted their own "Landjuweel" in Antwerp.
The society was popular throughout the 16th century and many noted artists were members. The French Wikipedia includes a list of the deans.

</doc>
<doc id="30985740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985740" title="Pilots (film)">
Pilots (film)

Pilots is a 2000 Malayalam film written and directed by Rajiv Anchal, produced by Menaka and starring Suresh Gopi, Sreenivasan, and Praveena in the lead.
Plot.
Bobby (Suresh Gopi) comes to high range as a helicopter pilot working for Robinson (Sreenivasan). His job is to spray copper sulphate ("thurisu") in the rubber plantations. He is assisted by Venkidi (Manian Pillai Raju), Nandu and Indrans. He faced some resistance from local workers like Chako (Jagathy Sreekumar). He also had to save Robinson from many troubles. In a nearby convent he sees Sr. Cindrella (Praveena) and was shocked to realise that she is actually Megha Mathew, the sister of his best friend (Madhupal), of whose murder Bobby is currently accused of. Megha is the only witness who can prove Bobby's innocence. He fakes a helicopter malfunction and lands the copter in the convent so as to meet Megha in person. But Megha refuses to admit her identity to Bobby. She was not aware that her brother actually gave word to Bobby to give her hand to Bobby. Meanwhile, the murderers of her brother came in search of Megha. Bobby in the end rescues her from the villains and wins Megha.

</doc>
<doc id="30985752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985752" title="Permocalculus">
Permocalculus

Permocalculus is a genus of alga known from Permian to Cretaceous strata. Closely aligned to "Gymnocodium", it is placed in the Gymnocodiaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="30985776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985776" title="Selenginsk">
Selenginsk

Selenginsk () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kabansky District of the Republic of Buryatia, Russia, located at the head of the Selenga River delta about from Lake Baikal and about northwest of Ulan-Ude. It is on the Trans-Siberian Railway and the Trans-Siberian Highway. Population: 
History.
It was established in 1961 as a Komsomol project around a paper mill. In post-Soviet times the paper mill was seen as a major source of pollution.

</doc>
<doc id="30985794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985794" title="Lebanese general election, 1972">
Lebanese general election, 1972

General elections were held in Lebanon between 16 and 30 April 1972. Independent candidates won the majority of seats, although most of them were considered members of various blocs. Voter turnout was 54.4%.
Background.
According to the 1960 constitution, the 99 seats were divided amongst ethnic and religious groups:
Results.
Of the 63 independent MPs, 48 were considered to be members of various blocs:

</doc>
<doc id="30985798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985798" title="Gymnocodium">
Gymnocodium

Gymnocoidum is a genus of calcareous alga known from Permian strata. For details of its classification, see Gymnocodiaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="30985805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985805" title="Tyrone Simmons">
Tyrone Simmons

Tyrone Simmons (born 5 July 1949) is an American fencer. He competed in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30985815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985815" title="Zhaimu Jambo">
Zhaimu Jambo

Zhaimu "Jimmy" Jambo (born 23 August 1987 in Harare) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a left-footed defender for Kaizer Chiefs in the South African Premier Soccer League and Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="30985854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985854" title="Gymnocodiaceae">
Gymnocodiaceae

This family of alga is known from Permian to Cretaceous strata. It has been aligned with the chlorophytes and rhodophytes; whilst the latter is the most widely held opintion, some authors still consider a green algal affinity possible.

</doc>
<doc id="30985880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985880" title="Nuestra Belleza Coahuila">
Nuestra Belleza Coahuila

Nuestra Belleza Coahuila is a pageant in Coahuila, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2003 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization has produced one Nuestra Belleza México titleholder in 2002 with Marisol González, she being the first and only woman from her state to win a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Nuestra Belleza Coahuila is located at number 9 with a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Coahuila, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Coahuila contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México. 
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="30985885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985885" title="James Melcher">
James Melcher

James Melcher (born 5 November 1939) is an American fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30985894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985894" title="Brent Moelleken">
Brent Moelleken

Brent Moelleken, M.D. is a Plastic and Reconstructive Cosmetic surgeon with offices in Beverly Hills and Santa Barbara. He is double board certified by the American Board of Surgery and American Board of Plastic Surgery and specializes in cosmetic surgery. He received his premedical, medical and surgical training at Harvard University, Yale University, UCSF and UCLA. He was a regularly featured plastic surgeon in ABC's Extreme Makeover and Discovery Channel's Plastic Surgery Before and After. He commentates frequently on plastic surgery topics on local and national media outlets.
Associations.
Dr. Moelleken is one of three surgeons to complete the yearlong Aesthetic Surgery Fellowship at UCLA. He is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons (FACS) and is a member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS), The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), Who's Who in the World and numerous medical and scientific organizations. He has been selected by Who’s Who in America’s Top Plastic Surgeons in Los Angeles, Ciudad’s Top Doctors in Los Angeles, and by Vogue Magazine as one of the Top 10 Plastic Surgeons in America. He is Clinical Associate Professor of Surgery at the Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA.
Innovations.
Dr. Moelleken has innovated numerous cosmetic surgery procedures, including LiveFill®, the USIC® and LUSIC® cheeklifts, the 360 Facelift® and the Hybrid tummy tuck®, a short incision tummy tuck procedure.
USIC Ultrashort Incision Cheeklift (R).
Dr. Moelleken pioneered the USIC® (ultrashort incision cheeklift) and LUSIC® (LiveFill ultrashort incision cheeklift), superficial, fast recovery, fat restoration techniques for lifting and rejuvenating the lower eyelids and cheek region. The superficial cheeklift produces a cleaner, more rested appearance below the eyes than conventional lower eyelid surgery and avoids some of the changes in eye shape associated with lower eyelid surgery involving an incision below the eyelid. His technique was published in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and has appeared on numerous local, national, and international television segments.
LiveFill (R).
Dr. Moelleken has innovated LiveFill®, a permanent method of volume augmentation in the face using fat-fascial grafts rather than aspirated fat. LiveFill® has some advantages over conventional fat injection, including higher survival rates, due primarily to increased initial viability of the grafts. Moelleken's studies have been published in the journal Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, have been presented at several international meetings, and have appeared on numerous local and national television segments.
Hybrid Tummy Tuck (R).
The Hybrid tummy tuck® (Hybrid abdominoplasty®), innovated by Dr. Moelleken, is a tummy tightening procedure for fit moms. It involves a C-section type incision but full tightening of the deep fascia without translocation of the umbilicus. This procedure is popular among celebrities and fit moms 
because it does not require the usual hip to hip incision of a conventional abdominoplasty.
Teaching and Volunteer Work.
Dr. Moelleken is an Attending Surgeon and Associate Clinical Professor in the Division of Plastic Surgery at UCLA, where he performs cosmetic surgeries and teaches UCLA plastic surgery residents. 
Dr. Moelleken provides volunteer surgical services to Veterans at the West Los Angeles Veteran's Hospital through his UCLA affiliation, and has his own charity, the About Face Foundation®, helping children and victims of violence or crime.
Personal.
He lives with his wife, Dayna Devon, television host, and their two children in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="30985901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985901" title="Ak Orda Presidential Palace">
Ak Orda Presidential Palace

The Akorda (, "Aqorda", "the white horde") Presidential Palace is the official workplace of the President of Kazakhstan, located in the capital city of Astana. Akorda Presidential Palace was built within three years, and officially opened in 2004. It was built by the Mabetex group., founded by Behgjet Pacolli 3rd President of Kosovo and 1st Deputy Prime Minister of Kosovo.
Situated on the left bank of the Ishim (Esil) River, it is the president’s place of work and houses the staff of the Presidential Administration; it is not the president’s place of residence. The palace includes a blue and gold dome topped with a spire. This golden statue atop the dome includes a sun with 32 rays at its apex, and also includes a steppe eagle flying beneath the sun.
The building's height (including the spire) is 80 meters. The first floor includes a Grand Central Hall, the Hall of Press Conferences, the Gala Hall, and the Winter Garden. The second floor includes offices, while the third floor is used for international events, and includes various halls (Marble Hall; Golden Hall; Oval Hall; Oriental Hall, built in the form of a yurt; the Hall of Extended Negotiations). The fourth floor includes a Dome Hall, meeting hall for the Government of the Republic, and the Library. 
The color gold features prominently throughout the complex and twenty-one types of marble were used for the floor patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="30985907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985907" title="Des Moines City Hall">
Des Moines City Hall

The Des Moines City Hall in Des Moines, Iowa, United States was built in 1909-1910. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 10, 1977 as the Municipal Building, and became a contributing property in the Civic Center Historic District in 1988. The building serves as the seat for the government of the city of Des Moines. 
History.
In Des Moines’ early years (1851-1870) the city council met in churches, schools, homes and stores. In that time period the population of the city grew from 1,500 to more than 12,000. The city council approved the construction of a two-room log building in 1869 to serve the needs of the fire department and city business. It was built the following year at the corner of Second and Walnut Streets. 
In ten years the city’s population grew by another 10,000 people. In 1880 the city council decided to build a new city hall and a separate building for the police and fire departments next door. It was built in 1882 on the corner of Locust Street and Second Avenue. The city failed to maintain the building adequately, and it was too small to serve its needs, a new building was needed.
Des Moines had also grown in size. Its population was 86,000 in 1910 and it covered 65 square miles. In 1907 the city council decided to construct a new city hall. A location was chosen on the east side of the Des Moines River between Grand Avenue and Locust Street. A new bridge on Locust Street was planned to open in 1909. Streets in the area had also been raised 3-4 feet to lessen the impact of flooding.
The Des Moines architectural firm Proudfoot & Bird was hired to design the new structure. Because of recent corruption in city politics they were tasked to design a building that would define an open and honest government. It was also to be large enough to house all city departments except the fire department. The building should also allow citizens to see and hear city business being transacted. To help create a new image the buildings name was to be called the Municipal Building rather than city hall. 
Legal challenges to a bond referendum were made in 1907-1908. A referendum was passed by voters in April 1908. But because women were forbidden to vote Mary J. Coggeshall sued the city for the right of women to vote based on an 1894 state law that allowed women to vote on issues, but not candidates. Grace Ballentyne, the state’s first female lawyer, argued the case before the Iowa Supreme Court. They won and a new referendum was held in November 1908, and it once again passed. 
A division occurred in the city council when new members wanted a say as to who the architect would be. In July 1909 the mayor offered a compromise that allowed each member of the council to select an architectural firm to work on the project. The firms were known as the “Associated Architects,” and included: Liebbe, Nourse and Rasmussen, Hallett & Rawson, Wetherell & Gage, and Proudfoot & Bird.
The cornerstone for the new building was laid on June 14, 1910. Charles Weitz’ Sons Construction Company of Des Moines built the building. It was opened to the public on January 1, 1912. Over the years only a few changes were made to the physical structure, which continues to serve the city government.
Architecture.
Des Moines City Hall is a three-story Beaux Arts style building. It is 77 feet wide by 231 feet long. Most of the plans that were drawn up by Proudfoot & Bird were used by the Associated Architects in the final plans. It is a brick structure built on a concrete foundation. The exterior is clad in granite up to four feet and then rest is Bedford stone, which was chosen to match the Public Library of Des Moines and the post office on the west bank of the river. The floors in the vestibules, entrances, public halls and council chambers are covered in marble. Polished Tennessee marble was used for the wainscoting in the public halls, entrances and the Main Hall. Interior woodwork is composed of white oak. 
See also.
The following are other buildings in the East Village that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="30985909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985909" title="Daniel Wilson (MP)">
Daniel Wilson (MP)

Daniel Wilson (1680 – 31 May 1754) of Dallam Tower, Westmorland was a Member of the Parliament of Great Britain for Westmorland from 1708 to 1722 and 1727 to 1747, and also served as High Sheriff of Lancashire in 1727.
He married Elizabeth Crowle, sister of George Crowle and Richard Crowle.

</doc>
<doc id="30985918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985918" title="Crush the Castle">
Crush the Castle

Crush the Castle is an action Flash game developed by Armor Games. The flash version was released on April 28, 2009, and versions for the iPhone and iPod Touch were released on January 19, 2010. The goal of the game is to kill all inhabitants of various castles by using a trebuchet to fling large rocks or bombs at them. "Crush the Castle 2" is similar, but features new maps, and new power ups.
Gameplay.
The goal of the game is to kill all inhabitants of various castles by using a trebuchet to fling large rocks or bombs at them. Players are able to create and destroy their own designs of castles as well.
Crush the Castle 2.
Crush the Castle 2 is similar, but features new maps, new power ups and a revamped level builder. New things to fire from the trebuchet are greek fire, ice grenades, jars full of electric eels, and even a mysterious purple flask that creates a small black hole.
Development.
The developers cite the game, "Castle Clout", released October 4, 2008 by Liam Bowmers, as their inspiration. Armor Games requested and received permission from Bowmers to use his ideas for the development of "Crush the Castle".
Reception.
IGN's Jeffrey Haynes called it "surprisingly deep and fun for such a simple premise." Joystiq's Justin McElroy stated "It's a simple mechanic, but it's hard to deny that's it's satisfying." GameZebo's Stephen Greenwell rated it 2/5 stars, stating it is "easy to pick up and play", but has "very repetitive gameplay" and "lackluster visuals and sounds". IGN's Levi Buchanan rated it 7/10, stating "If you like physics-based puzzle games, this really is one of the best." Kotaku's Brian Crecente stated "I've grown quite fond of Crush the Castle." Gamasutra's Christopher Hyde listed Crush the Castle in his list of "The 99 Best Free Games Of 2009". "Crush the Castle" has been called the inspiration behind a popular game of the same type, "Angry Birds" and mentioned as a free Internet alternative to the game." FlashMush reviews gave the Crush the Castle 2 Player's Pack a score of 8/10 citing that "[...] it's one of the best catapult games out there." 

</doc>
<doc id="30985925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985925" title="Hans Wallén">
Hans Wallén

Hans Wallén (born 19 January 1961) is a Swedish sailor. He won a silver medal in the star class at the 1996 Summer Olympics with Bobby Lohse. He, together with Lohse, also has a silver medal from the 1993 Star World Championships in Kiel.

</doc>
<doc id="30985937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985937" title="Castle of Castellano">
Castle of Castellano

The Castle of Castellano () is a manor house built around 1000, located in the village of Castellano, in the municipality of Villa Lagarina, in Trentino.
It is one of the most famous castles of Vallagarina, offering a panorama of the entire valley. Owned by numerous noble families, of which the most important was the Lodron, it was later transformed into an Austrian-Hungarian fortress in World War I.
It once housed frescoes, now preserved in the Civic Museum of Rovereto.

</doc>
<doc id="30985938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985938" title="Lebanese general election, 1992">
Lebanese general election, 1992

General elections were held in Lebanon between 23 August and 11 October 1992, the first since 1972. Independent candidates won the majority of seats, although most of them were considered members of various blocs. Voter turnout was 30.3%.
Results.
Of the 92 independent MPs, 68 were considered to be members of various blocs:

</doc>
<doc id="30985958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985958" title="Kiko World Football">
Kiko World Football

"Kiko World Football" (also known as Puma World Football and World Football 98) is a football simulation game programmed by Ubisoft for PC. It was released in 1998, just before 1998 Football World Cup.
It featured Kiko Narváez, Spanish national team striker.
Trivia.
The game was later distributed as a gift when buying Danone yogurts under the name of Danone World Football.
Other names for the game when distributed as budget label were World Football and Kiko World Football '98.

</doc>
<doc id="30985962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985962" title="Krüzen">
Krüzen

Krüzen may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="30985973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985973" title="Teschl">
Teschl

Teschl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30985980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985980" title="Bobby Lohse">
Bobby Lohse

Bobby Lohse (born 3 February 1958) is a Swedish sailor. He won a silver medal in the star class at the 1996 Summer Olympics with Hans Wallén.

</doc>
<doc id="30985984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985984" title="The Wild Girl">
The Wild Girl

The Wild Girl (The Secret Gospel of Mary Magdalene)
is a 1984 novel by Michèle Roberts. This work tells a fictional story about the discovery of an apocryphal fifth Gospel in Provence, France. This gospel tells the tale of Jesus Christ and the period before his crucifixion, known as the Passion, from the perspective of Mary Magdalene. The story incorporates elements of a Gnostic tradition that speak of a sexual relationship between Jesus and Mary. For this reason, the book has been considered controversial and even blasphemous.
The central theme of the work is androgyny. Roberts attempts to incorporate the female perspective into a largely male-dominated tradition. The author wrote of her book that, "I imagined Mary Magdalene as Christ's lover because I wanted to imagine a Christianity that might have developed differently, and valued women equally with men." Some feminist critics of the work have panned the romantic interaction between Mary and Jesus, with Patricia Duncker calling it laughable.

</doc>
<doc id="30985987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985987" title="Lebanese general election, 1996">
Lebanese general election, 1996

General elections were held in Lebanon between 18 August and 15 September 1996. Independent candidates won the majority of seats, although most of them were considered members of various blocs. Voter turnout was 43.3%.
Results.
Of the 94 independent MPs, 66 were considered to be members of various blocs:

</doc>
<doc id="30985990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985990" title="Ramciel">
Ramciel

Ramciel, also spelled Ramchiel or Ramshiel, is a location in Lakes, a state in South Sudan, that will serve as the future site of the national capital. It is considered the geographic center of the country and borders Jonglei state to the west. It is very close to the point at which the borders of Central Equatoria, Jonglei, and Lakes, and thus the historical provinces of Equatoria, Greater Upper Nile, and Bahr el Ghazal, touch. John Garang, the first president of Southern Sudan, allegedly wanted to place the national capital in Ramciel during his administration, but he died before South Sudan achieved independence and its largest city of Juba became the capital instead.
Etymology.
"Ramciel" comes from the Dinka language, and means "where rhinoceroses meet together", and can refer to the "middle" of the nation of South Sudan. Put together, "Ramciel" means "central meeting place".
Geography.
Ramciel is about 125 miles north of Juba and located on the western side of the White Nile. There is currently no tarmacked road between Juba and Ramciel, but it is estimated that it will take under two hours to travel on a tarmacked road to Juba. Under ideal conditions, it would also probably take about 30 minutes to travel to Rumbek and up to three hours to Wau from Ramciel.
The largest grass swamp in the world, the Sudd, lies in the middle of Greater Bahr el Gazal and Greater Upper Nile, thus making direct road communications between towns located at the opposite four corners of the Sudd practically impossible; thus the need to go around the swamp, which currently makes both Malakal and Bentiu inaccessible by road from the south and west in the wet season from June to November.
Inhabitants.
The area is inhabited by Ciec Community group who cultivate crops in 
the highlands during the dry season and in the Nile marshes 
during the wet season. There are conflicting reports over its 
suitability for larger-scale construction, with some characterising the 
area as sunken and swampy and others contending that the rocky highlands can support a major city if one were to be built there.
The area is located on the west bank of the River Nile in South Sudan.
National capital proposal.
In early February 2011, what was then the Autonomous Government of Southern Sudan adopted a resolution to find a new capital for South Sudan. Ramciel was one of the two proposed locations for the site. Lakes Governor Chol Tong Mayay visited Ramciel later in the month to raise attention for its bid to be the site of the new capital. "The late Dr John Garang promised to build Ramciel as the capital of South Sudan and having it here will be a dream come true." Just prior to South Sudanese independence in July 2011, a government spokesman confirmed the federal government of the country was still considering building a new capital at Ramciel. On 2 September, the federal cabinet voted to designate Ramciel as the site for a planned city, to be demarcated from Lakes state. Information Minister Barnaba Marial Benjamin said the move would likely take three to five years to complete and would be conducted in stages.
Vice President Riek Machar said in mid-December 2011 that the government of South Sudan is planning to build a major international airport in a free trade zone to be established in Tali, just outside Ramciel. Machar suggested that this airport could handle traffic from large cargo planes for which other regional airports are not designed, an asset that would be vital to realizing Machar's vision for South Sudan to become a trade hub in the center of the African continent.

</doc>
<doc id="30985998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30985998" title="Egelantier">
Egelantier

De Eglantier (Sweet Briar or Eglantine Rose) (spelling variations: "Egelantier" and "Eglentier") was a chamber of rhetoric in Amsterdam that arose in 1517 or 1518, possibly as a continuation of older chambers of rhetoric. It is one of the most famous chambers of rhetoric. Its insignia consisted of a thriving Eglantine Rose ("Wild Rose", a symbol of love) in the form of a cross from which a Christ Figure was hanging. The corresponding slogan was "In Love, Flourishing". The name derives from a romantic reference to the poem Beatrijs, where the lovers met by the wild rose. One of the most important leaders of the chamber was Hendrik Laurenszoon Spiegel. Other prominent members were Laurens Reael, Roemer Visscher and Dirck Volckertszoon Coornhert.
History.
Much of what is known today about these societies comes from the city and guild archives, where it is first mentioned in the 1490s. In 1518 it was mentioned as the "old" social drama society of the city, when it received an annual grant from the city. In the 1520s they participated in several city festivities and produced a play on the History of "Piramus and Thisbe".
The society was popular throughout the latter half of the 16th century and many noted artists were members, though it received little patronage from the city, not even during the joyous entry of Charles V in 1549. Scholars have put this down to the reformist nature of the plays and poems produced during this period, which made political patronage dangerous.
During the Dutch Revolt, the chambers of rhetoric were closed altogether by the Spanish Governor of the Netherlands, the Duke of Alba, but in 1578 the Eglantier was re-established as a result of the Alteration of Amsterdam, in which the Catholic city government was overthrown. After the Fall of Antwerp in 1585 caused the decline of its chamber of rhetoric Violieren, the Eglantier became the most prestigious chamber of rhetoric in the Low Countries. The influx of many gifted poets from the south caused the Egelantier to grow in numbers, which also caused the creation of competing chambers of rhetoric, such as Het Wit Lavendel in 1598 (where, amongst others Joost van den Vondel was active), after which the Eglantier became known as the 'Old Chamber'. After 1610, there were internal difficulties in the Eglantier, and in 1617 Samuel Coster and a group of members broke away and founded the chamber of rhetoric "Duytsche Academie". But in 1630 "Het Wit Lavendel" and the "Duytsche Academie" merged and only two years later, on July 7, 1632, the burgomasters of Amsterdam merged this chamber of rhetoric with the Eglantier into a new chamber of rhetoric, named "(The) Amsterdamsche Kamer", but in sources it also appears under the names "De Vergulden Byekorf", "Bloeyende Eglantier" and "Academie", with the motto "Through fervor in love, flourishing". Not every rhetoric agreed with the merger, and Jan Harmensz. Krul founded the "Musijckkamer" in 1634, which however went bankrupt a year later, in 1635. The Amsterdamsche Kamer was led in its early years by Willem Dircksz. Hooft, Steven Vennecool, Heereman Dircksz. Coorenkind, Johan Meurs and Meyndert Voskuyl. In 1637, the first theater in Amsterdam, the Schouwburg of Van Campen, was founded through the chamber of rhetoric. Not much is known on further events of the chamber of rhetoric. A list of leaders of the chamber is know from 1664 (one year before the construction of the 'New Theatre'), including Cornelis Withenoon, Jan Vos, Tobias van Domselaer, Jacob van der Poel and Cornelis de Vries.

</doc>
<doc id="30986051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986051" title="Lebanese general election, 2000">
Lebanese general election, 2000

General elections were held in Lebanon between 27 August and 3 September 2000. Independent candidates won the majority of seats, although most of them were considered members of various blocs. Voter turnout was 40.5%.
Results.
Of the 86 independent MPs, 48 were considered to be members of various blocs:

</doc>
<doc id="30986061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986061" title="Basketball League of Serbia B">
Basketball League of Serbia B

Basketball League of Serbia B (Serbian: Кошаркашка лига Србије Б) is the second-tier professional basketball league in Serbia. It was founded in 2006.
Rules.
Competition format.
The league, operated by the Basketball Federation of Serbia, consists of Basketball league of Serbia B which have 14 teams. For the 2012–13 season, the top two teams in Basketball League of Serbia B will be promoted to Basketball League of Serbia. The teams positioned 11th, 12th, 13th and 14th in Basketball League of Serbia B will be relegated to a lower league – Serbian First League. The best 2 clubs in Basketball League of Serbia B goes to Basketball League of Serbia stage.
Arena standards.
Currently, clubs must have home arenas with capacity of minimum 500 seats.
History.
The first basketball league in Serbia started in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="30986065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986065" title="San Francisco Pop Festival">
San Francisco Pop Festival

The San Francisco Pop Festival was held at the Alameda County Fairgrounds. The dates of the festival were Saturday October 26 & Sunday October 27, 1968. The groups playing at the festival included (in alphabetical order):

</doc>
<doc id="30986073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986073" title="Riksserien">
Riksserien

Riksserien is the elite league of women's ice hockey in Sweden. It was started in 2008, contains 8 teams and is organized by the Swedish Ice Hockey Association.
Format.
When a game is tied after regulation, a sudden death overtime is played with only four skaters per team for maximum 10 minutes (or 20 minutes in the playoffs). If the game is still tied after overtime, the winner is decided by game winning shots.
The regular season is a double round-robin tournament, with each team playing twice at home and twice away against every other team, resulting in a 28 game regular season per team. After the regular season, the top six teams qualify for the Women's Swedish Championship playoffs (). The two teams with the best regular season records in Riksserien are given a bye to the semifinals, with the remaining four qualified teams starting in the quarterfinals. In the quarterfinals, team 3 gets to pick their choice of opponent between teams 5 and 6, leaving the remaining club to meet team 4. In the semifinals the first ranked team chooses an opponent from the two winners of the quarterfinals. The playoffs are all best-of-three series, with the higher ranked team starting with one match away, followed by the remaining two at home.
The two teams with the worst records in the regular season are forced to play a qualifier to defend their spots in Riksserien against challengers from Allettan.

</doc>
<doc id="30986077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986077" title="Loser like Me">
Loser like Me

"Loser Like Me" is a song performed by the cast of American television series "Glee", taken from their sixth soundtrack album, "". The song was written by the series' music producer Adam Anders, Swedish pop music producer Max Martin, and Peer Åström, Savan Kotecha, and Johan Schuster (Shellback). Anders, Martin, Åström and Shellback produced the track. The song, with another track "Get It Right", were the first two original songs to be featured on the show. The song is their first official single, being sent to US radio on March 1, 2011. In order for the song to have radio appeal, Anders recruited Martin to produce "Loser Like Me" while he was in the United States working on Britney Spears' "Femme Fatale". 
Lea Michele and Cory Monteith front the song, with Michele providing lead vocals in the chorus and a verse, and Monteith having a verse. Other cast members provide vocals in the chorus and in a rap breakdown. Naya Rivera and Heather Morris have some spoken words and some solo work during the chorus. Musically, the song is a dance-pop song with pop rock elements, and it features a "pop funk" guitar. The production drew comparisons to similar Max Martin productions released at the time, notably Pink's "Raise Your Glass" (2010). Lyrically, it follows in the footsteps of previous self-empowerment anthems released around the same time, with the incorporation of lines about revenge fantasies. 
Critics generally praised the song in "Glee" first step at original music, including its production, lyrics, and the vocals of Lea Michele. However, common criticisms were that the song sounded like a cover of another song, and that it would have been better suited for other artists Martin usually works with, such as Pink or Avril Lavigne. The song debuted at number six on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and became the cast's third top-ten hit to date. It reached number thirty-six on the US Adult Pop Songs chart, becoming their first song other than a Christmas song to appear on an airplay chart. Internationally, it reached the top thirty in at least five other markets. The song's performance was featured in the "Glee" episode "Original Song" which first aired on March 15, 2011, and included choreography and the group throwing confetti from slushie cups at the audience. The song was redone by Jenna Ushkowitz, Kevin McHale, Darren Criss and Chord Overstreet in the second part of "Glee" two-part 100th episode, "New Directions", which aired on March 25, 2014.
Background.
On February 23, 2011, it was announced that "Glee", for the first time, would feature two original songs, entitled "Loser Like Me" and "Get It Right" on their March 15, 2011 episode. The series' music producer, Adam Anders, called the song a "Gleek anthem," and it was "a very uptempo, kind-of-summery hit". It was also revealed that pop music producer, Max Martin, known for his work with Britney Spears, among other singers, would produce "Loser Like Me". Tim Stack of "Entertainment Weekly" called this a "major pop music coup" by "Glee". Anders also went on to comment, "The thing about Max is that he’s a huge fan of pop culture and he just loved the idea of being part of something that’s such a cultural phenomenon. So it was actually not hard to convince him at all. He was all about it." 
According to Anders, the Swedish-based Martin was in the United States at the time working on Spears' then-new record, and then was "exposed to exactly how enormous ["Glee"] is". According to the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers database, co-writers on the song include Anders, Peer Åström, Savan Kotecha, and Johan Schuster. "Loser Like Me" and "Get It Right" both premiered on "On Air with Ryan Seacrest" on February 25, 2011, and were performed in the episode "Original Song", on March 15, 2011. The song was also released on iTunes in the United States on March 15, 2011.
Radio impact.
"Loser Like Me" became the first radio single for "Glee", and was sent to radio on March 1, 2011 for mainstream and Hot AC stations. Pete Cosenza, senior vice president of promotion and adult formats for Columbia Records told "Billboard", We've promoted "Glee" music to radio for the past couple of years and week-by-week, programmers have embraced the show and its music more and more. (Adult radio) has created weekly, and, in some cases, daily, features, and played snippets of songs. Now, more have put "Loser Like Me" into regular rotation. "Glee" is one of the biggest shows on television and it's a music show. What a win for us and radio.
Barb Richards, director of music for WAJI said that the cast's introduction of new music prompted the station to finally add music from the cast. Richards referenced the 21.9 million downloads and 5.2 million albums sold since the series since its May 2009 premiere, but commented, "Still, I believe that people want to hear originals over remakes, so up until the 'Glee' cast's original music it didn't make sense for us to play each latest cover, other than to spotlight it the day of the show." However, Richards complimented the original "Loser Like Me" saying its lyrics would "resonate with kids and parents" and said that she liked it when she first heard it and when she saw it on the show. She also commented that it "is good on its own, and having the "Glee" name on it gives it a leg up". Dave McKay, program director at WPST also echoed Richards' sentiments that the "Glee" sales were reason to add them to airplay, adding "Not many artists or songs enjoy the type of exposure that 'Glee' provides. Plus, the audience that watches the show is the audience we target, so the fit seems perfect [...] since 'Glee' music sells, there is definitely an appetite for it."
Responding to the song being an original as opposed to their traditional covers, McKay said, "If 'Loser Like Me' were a bad song, then it wouldn't matter whether it was original or a cover: we wouldn't be playing it. That the song is good, and that it has the 'Glee' reach, makes it an easy song to play." Keith Kennedy, program director at WKDD said the single made him ponder why they haven't played "Glee" songs prior to "Loser Like Me". Kennedy said, "How many times have you heard radio programmers claim that they use sales numbers to shape their stations' playlists? Look at iTunes every Wednesday: "Glee" often dominates the top 10." Kennedy's station, WKDD, holds a "Glee O'clock" segment daily and he said "While some of the remakes have leaned toward show tunes, several probably should have received more airplay."
Composition.
"Loser Like Me" is an uptempo, upbeat dance-pop song which includes elements of pop rock. The song features "pop-funk chicken-scratch guitars," and according to Jody Rosen of "Rolling Stone", a hopped-up beat. The song is fronted by Lea Michele singing lead on the chorus and a verse, with Cory Monteith providing an additional verse. Other "Glee" cast members back the two up the chorus and a rap breakdown. It bears resemblance to then-recent Max Martin-produced singles, particularly "Raise Your Glass", which contains a similar guitar-intro. Robert Copsey of Digital Spy even called "Loser Like Me" a sequel to "Raise Your Glass". 
After the guitar riffs, Michele sings about becoming a future superstar, "Yeah, you may think that I'm a zero/ But hey, everyone you wanna be/ Probably started off like me". Jason Lipshutz of "Billboard" said "Loser Like Me" is "a sunny pop track that finds Lea Michele and Cory Monteith railing against conformity and celebrating their individuality in their verses". Other cast member lyrics include the lyric "You may think I'm a freak show", responded to by Naya Rivera with the spoken "I don't care". The song features self-empowerment lyrics which revolve around revenge fantasies, such as in Monteith's lines - "I could be a superstar / I'll see you when you wash my car". According to Melinda Newman of HitFix the song is about "being a loser now, but turning in to a winner now who never, ever looks back". Aly Semigran of MTV News said the lyrics of the "peppy pop ditty" keep "in tune with the themes of the show".
Critical reception.
Jody Rosen of "Rolling Stone" gave the song four out of five stars, and called it "predictably fizzy" and "fiendishly catchy". Rosen also said that the "lyric, belted out with bright-sided earnestness by Lea Michele and Cory Monteith, distills the show's theme: the mystical power of a good tune and a well-choreographed jazz hands routine to turn geeks into gods". Robert Copsey of Digital Spy wrote, "Max Martin and Shellback chuck the Pinks, Keshas and Katy Perrys into the kitchen sink and add a generous coat of gloss and shimmer (and Auto-Tune) to create what is ultimately an audacious, unabashed and, crucially, authentic pop stomper that remains true to what Glee is all about". Melinda Newman of HitFix liked the song, but said that it could have had "more of an edge". Newman also said, "For any kid who’s ever been bullied or adult who remembers being bullied, it's a bulls-eye." Newman wrote that that Michele, who opens the song, had a "classic voice" but it had no "grit" to it, and recommended that Pink cover it. Becky Bain of Idolator said that the song could have been a track for Pink or Avril Lavigne, two common artists who work with Martin. Bain said the song fit in with "Raise Your Glass", and better yet, Kesha's "We R Who We R". Christopher Rosen of Movieline said the song had "total home run potential", and that it "sounds like a blend of Pink, Katy Perry, Avril Lavigne, early Mandy Moore, and Kidz Bop. And that’s a good thing!" On the point that the song sounds like a cover itself, Rosen asked, "who wants to listen to an original song on a television show that relies on covers unless it sounds like a cover itself?"
Upon first listen, Kirsten Coachman of the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" said that she was "semi-horrified" at the song, but since it was a Max Martin-produced track she "gave it another chance", and commented: "It’s definitely a Max Martin song. It has a good beat and cheesy, yet catchy lyrics." However, Coachman said that the song should have been sung by Mark Salling (Puck) and Jenna Ushkowitz (Tina) rather than Monteith and Michele. Coachman liked the fact that this song and "Get It Right" fit in with the episode, and wrote, "I think both songs are pretty good anthems, and hopefully they do speak to the audience. She stated, however, that she "probably won’t be singing along to them in my car anytime soon". In an album review giving "Glee: The Music, Vol. 5" a total of two out of five stars, Andrew Leahey of Allmusic said that the new "Glee" songs "aren’t good enough to make much of a difference". Brett Berk of "Vanity Fair" gave the song four stars for its lyrics, but said that the tune "sucked". Bill Lamb of About.com, however, criticized the lyrics as "mean spirited and petty", and said they were "nowhere near as thoughtful" as the lyrics of recent mass empowerment anthems such as "Firework", "Born This Way", and "Raise Your Glass" (all of which had been, or would eventually be, featured on "Glee"). Lamb commented that the song sounded like a parody of one of "Glee" own cover songs.
Chart performance.
On the week ending March 26, 2011, "Loser Like Me" debuted at number six on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 selling 210,000 downloads in its first week. The debut was the cast's largest sales frame since their cover of Katy Perry's "Teenage Dream", which sold 214,000 downloads. The song became their third top-ten US hit, following "Teenage Dream", which debuted at number eight, and their first cover, "Don't Stop Believin', which debuted at number four. For the week ending April 9, 2011, the song debuted on the US Adult Pop Songs chart at number thirty-seven. "Loser Like Me" became the first entry on the Adult Pop chart, and became their first song to appear on an airplay chart since a string of Christmas songs from "" charted on the Adult Contemporary Songs chart in 2009 and 2010. Outside the United States, the song appeared on several other charts worldwide, debuting at number nine on the Canadian Hot 100, as well as appearing at number fifteen on the Australian Singles Chart, number twenty-five on the Irish Singles Chart, and number twenty-seven on the UK Singles Chart.
"Glee" performance.
"Original Song" first aired on March 15, 2011, and is the sixteenth episode of the second season of the television series. The episode's plot revolves around McKinley High's glee club, New Directions, decides to prepare original songs for the Regionals competition. In order to do better in the competition, due to Rachel Berry (Lea Michele)'s assistance the group decided to sing original songs. "Loser Like Me" falls in line after Rachel performs her solo ballad "Get It Right". In the performance the Glee club girls donned light-blue dresses tied with black ribbons, and black boots. The guys wore black dress shirts and slacks with black ties. During the performance, the group performs sectional and group choreography. Midway, it is received by a standing ovation led by Kurt (Chris Colfer). The performance ends with the club throwing slushie cups filled with confetti at the audience, alluding to the numerous slushie cups taken in the face by them earlier in the show.
Bobby Hankinson of "Houston Chronicle" said "It's fun and summery and it's all capped off with a confetti slushee attack to the crowd. Loved it." Erica Futterman of "Rolling Stone" wrote, "It's a true anthem, and it ends triumphantly, with the New Directions tossing confetti-filled Slushie cups into the crowd—and then going on to win regionals." Brett Berk of "Vanity Fair" noted that "the lovable dorks sing about being the lovable dorks we fell in love with (even if we often no longer recognize them as such)".

</doc>
<doc id="30986085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986085" title="Niño Fidencio">
Niño Fidencio

El Niño Fidencio (born 1898; died Espinazo, Mina, Nuevo León, October 19, 1938) was a famous Mexican curandero. His birth name was José de Jesús Fidencio Constantino Síntora. Today he is revered by the Fidencista Christian Church. The Catholic Church does not recognize his official status as a saint, but his following has extended through the northern part of Mexico and the southwest of United States. This situation allows El Niño Fidencio to be recognized as a folk saint.
While in elementary school, he met Father Segura, as well as Enrique López de la Fuente, who was the janitor as well as his friend, and later, his protector. They both worked to help the priest with religious services, and it was at this time that Fidencio learned to work with herbs and how to cure.
Adolescence and Adult Life.
In 1912, Enrique and Fidencio left for the city of Morelia, Michoacán, where the latter worked until he decided to join the Mexican Revolution, causing them to be separated for nine years. Fidencio then moved to Loma Sola, Coahuila, where he lived with his sister Antonia. 
At the age of fifteen, Fidencio attended school in Mina, Nuevo León, a town close to Espinazo. According to Raúl Cadena, Fidencio did not develop sexually, was always clean-shaven, had a soft voice, and never engaged in sexual activity.
In 1921, Enrique returned from the revolutionary struggle and went to work for Antonio L. Rodríguez at the San Rafael mine in Espinazo. There he had several children, and, needing help in caring for them, went to his childhood friend. Fidencio came to town that year, and remained there for the rest of his life. It was at this point that he began to perform healings.
On February 8, 1928, President Plutarco Elías Calles visited Espinazo and attended a healing session with Niño Fidencio. Although the president's ailment was unknown to the public at the time, Enrique records that he was suffering from nodular leprosy.
Cures.
Fidencio was famous for operations without anaesthesia without causing pain to patients, and provided cures related to specific parts of town, such as a pepper tree which the congregation threw offerings around, and a mud puddle in which his followers bathed.
According to devotees, Fidencio continues to work miracles through objects called "Little Boxes".
Influence.
During his life, a multitude of imitators and impostors appeared, the death of one of whom was mistaken for Fidencio's own. The falsified death was announced by the press, and his funeral prompted a massive outpouring of emotion. His actual death came just over a year later. Decades later, he is still well known in the town of Espinazo, and plays a significant part in the town's economy by generating tourism and the sale of religious objects and services.

</doc>
<doc id="30986087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986087" title="Public Library of Des Moines">
Public Library of Des Moines

"For current information about the library, see Des Moines Public Library."
The Public Library of Des Moines is an historic building in downtown Des Moines, Iowa, United States that was built in 1903. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977, and became a contributing property in the Civic Center Historic District in 1988. The building ceased to be a library in 2006 and now houses the Norman E. Borlaug | World Food Prize Hall of Laureates for the World Food Prize.
History.
The Des Moines Library Association was formed in 1866 in the basement of a Methodist church. It was supported through private contributions and public charity until 1882 when its services were taken over by the city of Des Moines because of precarious finances. In 1898 the city bought property on the Des Moines River for $35,000. The cornerstone for the library building was laid in 1900 and it was opened in October 1903. 
In the 1920s the library became the home of the Cumming School of Art. It was the birthplace of the Library Bill of Rights in 1938 when the library was under the direction of Forrest Spaulding. It was meant to fight against “growing intolerance, suppression of free speech and censorship affecting the rights of minorities and individuals.” The Boys and Girls Department opened in 1937 and the Music Department began in the 1950s. The first branch library in Des Moines opened in 1965.
In the 1990s it was determined that the library building was too small and lacked the necessary technology capacity. London architect David Chipperfield was chosen to design a new library on Grand Avenue, and it opened on April 8, 2006.
The building was acquired by The World Food Prize for its use. The building was renamed in honor of Cresco, Iowa native Norman Borlaug, who founded the award which recognizes those who have made contributions in all fields involved in the world food supply. Gensler Architecture, Design and Planning, RDG Planning & Design and Hoerr Schaudt Landscape Architecture are involved in renovating the building. It will serve as a museum to recognize great achievements in agriculture, a convocation center that will hold the World Food Prize International Symposium, a home for the Global Youth Institute, an educational facility that will feature interactive displays on hunger and food security and a conference center and community hall.
Architecture.
Des Moines architects Gutterson & Smith designed the Beaux Arts style building. It was constructed of salmon pink Minnesota limestone. A mural was painted on the ground floor of the library by Des Moines artist Harry Donald Jones. It was a project of the Works Progress Administration. The mural covers and portrays the development of Des Moines from pre-historic times to the 20th century. The building featured a fountain and iron steps, which were removed in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="30986098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986098" title="Aggressive panhandling">
Aggressive panhandling

Aggressive panhandling is a legal term that refers to unlawful forms of public solicitation. Proponents of such legislation advocate placing limits on these activities. Some opponents lament what they perceive to be the "criminalization of homelessness" and argue that such laws are discriminatory and unevenly enforced.
Description.
In general, "aggressive panhandling" is a solicitation made in person for immediate donation of money or other gratuity. This may be done by vocal appeal (asking, requesting, coercing (badgering), sympathy appeals, harassment, threats, or demands) or by nonvocal appeal (usage of signs or other signals gestures, postures, children, animals, or props such as toys and musical instruments). It is the habitual manipulative, coercive, or intimidatory use of another individual's sympathy, fear, guilt, or insecurity for monetary gain. It is a form of emotional and financial abuse.
Panhandling is a term which may have negative connotations but which can apply to any request for a loan or gift under circumstances in which it might not be inappropriate. For instance, if one is short just a small fraction of a fee or fare, does not have small bills, or has only credit cards in a situation in which cash only is accepted. In many cultures and civilizations, begging is considered an acceptable and honorable alternative to work when it is due to necessity or religious abstention from economic activity. A sympathetic view of panhandling is exemplified in the depression-era song "Brother, Can You Spare a Dime?"
The song has been called "the anthem" of the era.
The song, written by an immigrant living on New York's Lower East Side, continues to be popular.
Aggressive panhandling as a social problem.
Others contend that panhandlers are legitimately expressing their need and constrictions on their activity are "unconstitutionally vague, overbroad and deprive the homeless of their right to free speechviews on the inadequacy of the social net and as such cannot be legitimately "silenced". On the other side of the spectrum of viewpoints, it is asserted that "Aggressive begging is not common panhandling. It is uncommon panhandling, a type of harassment bordering on extortion that is practiced by a minority of street people."
Aggressive panhandling in law.
The definition of so-called "Aggressive panhandling" is given by city and county ordinances as well as state statutes.
For example, according to the Bloomington, Indiana website, panhandling is "a growing social and public safety concern faced by cities of all sizes, including Bloomington. Many panhandlers passively ask for money or hold a sign. Others are much more aggressive, making loud, sometime repeated demands and some panhandlers choose to solicit in places that are particularly intimidating such as near automated teller machines, in a restroom or near your car. This is considered aggressive panhandling and in Indiana is against the law." 
Constitutional lawyers, including but not limited to the American Civil Liberties Union, have secured a series of court decisions confirming their view that the First Amendment of the United States Constitution protects activities which some local ordinances have attempted to proscribe as illegal panhandling. In response, many jurisdictions have responded by narrowing the definition of illegal panhandling. The generally accepted terminology is to denominate such activity as "aggressive" panhandling.
In 1991 and 1992, federal courts overturned New York and California state laws that made aggressive panhandling illegal. It was observed that "Groups and individuals all over the United States engage in highly public fundraising for all sorts of causes and charities."
Restrictions defining solicitation or panhandling as "aggressive" regard both manner and context. A typical ordinance is one from Longview, Washington:
9.23.030 Place of panhandling – Violation. 
It shall be unlawful for any person to panhandle when the person solicited is in any of the following places within the city limits of Longview, Washington:
(1) At any bus stop; or
(2) In any public transportation vehicle or facility; or
(3) In any vehicle on a street or on a driveway providing ingress or egress to a street where such driveway is open to the general public; or
(4) Within 50 feet of any automated teller machine (ATM); or
(5) On private property, unless the panhandler is in physical possession of written permission from the owner or lawful occupant thereof. (Ord. 3051 § 2, 2008).
9.23.040 Manner of panhandling – Violation. 
It shall be unlawful for any person to panhandle in any of the following manners:
(1) By intentionally coming within three feet of the person solicited, unless that person has indicated that he or she does wish to make a donation; or
(2) By intentionally obstructing the path of the person or vehicle of the person solicited; or
(3) By intentionally obstructing the passage through the entrance or exit of any building; or
(4) By soliciting anyone under the age of 16; or
(5) By following a person who walks away from the panhandler, if the panhandler’s conduct is intended to or is reasonably likely to intimidate the person being solicited into responding affirmatively to the solicitation; or
(6) By using profane or abusive language, either during the solicitation or following a refusal. (Ord. 3051 § 2, 2008).
Panhandling constrictions.
United States.
In 2004, the city of Orlando, Florida passed an ordinance (Orlando Municipal Code section 43.86) requiring panhandlers to obtain a permit from the municipal police department. The ordinance further makes it a crime to panhandle in the commercial core of downtown Orlando, as well as within 50 feet of any bank or automated teller machine. It is also considered a crime in Orlando for panhandlers to make false or untrue statements, or to disguise themselves, to solicit money, and to use money obtained for a claim of a specific purpose (e.g. food) to be spent on anything else (e.g. malt liquor). The Atlanta, Georgia, city council approved a ban on panhandling.
Canada.
The province of Ontario introduced its Safe Streets Act in 1999 to restrict specific kinds of begging, particularly certain narrowly-defined cases of "aggressive" or abusive panhandling. In 2001 this law survived a court challenge under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The law was further upheld by the Court of Appeal for Ontario in January 2007.
United Kingdom.
Although begging is illegal, it does not carry a jail sentence under the Vagrancy Act of 1824. However, individual aggressive beggars may be subject to court injunction and jail.
South Africa.
Begging on street corners is illegal in South Africa although not enforced.
Finland.
Solicitation of money on the street has been legal in Finland since at least 1987, when the Poor Law was invalidated. In 2003, the Public Order Act replaced any local government rules and completely decriminalized begging. There have been increasing calls for restrictions on immigrants, and these calls are intermingled with concerns about aggressive panhandlers.
Romania.
According to US State Department reports, women and children from Romania are cited by police for "vagrancy and begging", without a distinction between "aggressive panhandling" and uncomplicated "begging".

</doc>
<doc id="30986124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986124" title="How to Become Clairvoyant">
How to Become Clairvoyant

How to Become Clairvoyant is the fifth solo release from Robbie Robertson. It features Eric Clapton (on tracks 3-8 and 10), Steve Winwood, Trent Reznor (who provided textures on the track "Madame X"), Tom Morello, Robert Randolph, Rocco Deluca, Angela McCluskey, and Taylor Goldsmith of Dawes. Pino Palladino and Ian Thomas are the rhythm section.
Robertson performed "He Don't Live Here No More" on CBS's "Late Show with David Letterman" and ABC's "The View" in support of the album, with the band Dawes.
It was released on April 5, 2011 and became a hit in the USA, peaking at #13 in Billboard 200.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Robbie Robertson; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="30986129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986129" title="Amelie Lux">
Amelie Lux

Amelie Lux (born 5 April 1977) is a German sailor. She won a silver medal in the sailboard (Mistral) class at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30986141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986141" title="A State of Trance 2011">
A State of Trance 2011

A State of Trance 2011 is the eighth compilation album in the "A State of Trance" compilation series mixed and compiled by Dutch DJ Armin van Buuren. It was released on March 18 via Armada Music.

</doc>
<doc id="30986158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986158" title="La Joya (archaeological site)">
La Joya (archaeological site)

La Joya is a mesoamerican prehispanic archeological site, located in the municipality of Medellín, Veracruz in central Veracruz, Mexico, about 15 kilometers from the Veracruz City, near the confluence of the Jamapa and Cotaxtla Rivers.
The site, discovered and registered in 1935, is known as “La Joya de San Martin Garabato” and comprises several earthen structures from an alleged early Olmec origin.
Remains of a continued human occupation throughout the classical period (200 BCE – 1000 CE) have been found), about 95% of the structures are destroyed by the common human carelessness and destruction.
This city probably was an important political center in Veracruz, similar to Cerro de las Mesas, with monumental stamped earthen architecture.
Two monumental platforms, apparently palatial residences, revealed a chronology during the first millennium CE, suggesting a well-organized society, providing new information on the Protoclassical (epi-Olmec) and Classical society.
Background.
The history of the native peoples of the state of Veracruz is complex. In the pre-Columbian period, the modern-day state of Veracruz was inhabited primarily by four indigenous cultures. The Huastecos and Otomis occupied the north, while the Totonacs resided in the north-center. The Olmecs, one of the oldest cultures in the Americas, became dominant in the southern part of Veracruz. Remains of these past civilizations can be found in archeological sites such as Pánuco, Castillo de Teayo, El Zapotal, Las Higueras, Quiahuiztlán, El Tajín, Cempoala, Tres Zapotes and San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán .
Chronology studies of archaeological sites in northern Veracruz show that the area has been occupied at least since 5600 B.C. and show how nomadic hunters and gatherers eventually became sedentary farmers, building more complex societies, even before the rise of the city of El Tajín.
The pace of this societal progression became more rapid with the rise of the neighboring Olmec civilization around 1150 B.C., although the Olmecs were never here in great numbers.
The Olmecs.
The first major civilization in territory of the current state is that of the Olmecs, whose origin is unknown. Theories vary, including one which has a group of people with Negroid features arriving to Campeche then north to Veracruz over 3,500 years ago. The Olmecs settled in the Coatzacoalcos River region and it became the center of Olmec culture. The main ceremonial center here was San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán. Other major centers in the state include Tres Zapotes in the city of Veracruz and La Venta in Tabasco. The culture reached its height about 2600 years ago, with its best-known artistic expression being the colossal stone heads. These ceremonial sites were the most complex of that early time period. For this reason, many anthropologists consider the Olmec civilization to be the mother culture of the many Mesoamerican cultures that followed it. By 300 BCE, this culture was eclipsed by other emerging cultures in Mesoamerica.
The "Olmec heartland" is an area in the Gulf lowlands that is generally considered the birthplace of the Olmec culture. This area is characterized by swampy lowlands punctuated by low hills, ridges, and volcanoes. The Tuxtlas Mountains rise sharply in the north, along the Gulf of Mexico's Bay of Campeche. Here the Olmecs constructed permanent city-temple complexes at San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán, La Venta, Tres Zapotes, and Laguna de los Cerros. In this region, the Mesoamerican civilization would emerge and reign from c.1400–400 BCE.
Origins.
What we today call Olmec first appears within the city of San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán, where distinctive Olmec features appear around 1400 BCE. Although Olmec civilization traces have been found all around Mesoamerica and it is considered that the Olmecs were the precursors of all regional civilizations.
The rise of civilization here was assisted by the local ecology of well-watered alluvial soil, as well as by the transportation network that the Coatzacoalcos River basin provided. This environment may be compared to that of other ancient centers of civilization: the Nile, Indus, and Yellow River valleys, and Mesopotamia. This highly productive environment encouraged a densely concentrated population which in turn triggered the rise of an elite class. It was this elite class that provided the social basis for the production of the symbolic and sophisticated luxury artifacts that define Olmec culture. Many of these luxury artifacts, such as jade, obsidian and magnetite, came from distant locations and suggest that early Olmec elites had access to an extensive trading network in Mesoamerica. The source of the most valued jade, for example, is found in the Motagua River valley in eastern Guatemala, and Olmec obsidian has been traced to sources in the Guatemala highlands, such as El Chayal and San Martín Jilotepeque, or in Puebla, distances ranging from 200 to 400 km away (120 – 250 miles away) respectively.
The Site.
Site studies have been conducted since about 2004 to establish a more accurate chronological setting of the site, as well as its function and purpose of the structures.
For many years, the existence of thousands of sites is known, distributed across the Veracruz coastal plains, from the Antigua River down to the Coatzacoalcos and Grijalva Rivers, and even down to Campeche; although this type of construction is part of a little known tradition.
Therefore, these findings are unique, there is no information about earthen structures construction techniques in Central Veracruz.
Structures.
Extensive stratigraphic excavations results provide that, although the platforms existed from the late preclassical period, during the early classical the main plaza had been constructed, bordered by the pyramid and the monumental north and east platforms, that had palaces probably with administrative, ritual and residential functions.
Ongoing exploration shows a complex building sequence, with evidence of refined architecture, and human burials with ceramic vessels and figurines offerings.
Excavations are only being conducted on the Pyramid, North Platform and East Platform.
Main Pyramid.
The pyramid construction probably commenced in the early classical period (100 BCE–300CE), based on ceramic evidence comparisson with findings on the second stage of the North Platform. The three structures have a chronology spanning the first CE millennium.
The structure was 26 m high, and at least had two building stages, from ceramic remains dated between 100BCE–300CE, early classical and 800–1000 CE, late classical.
The pyramid, in 1999 was still a 22 m high structure, with 32 degree angle slopes, indicating the use of some technology to control structural pressures of the earthen fill.
The excavations show that the solution to this problem was alternating fill blocks (approximately 1 m high and more than 6 m on the side) made from clays and sandy loams, readily available in the site surrounding areas. The clay blocks due to their cohesiveness, would form buttresses containing the blocks of sandy loam. Inversely, the sandy loam blocks had better compaction, therefore providing a more stable surface.
The building had access stariways from the plaza level, the staircase had containment walls with sloping sides.
Ballgame Court.
It is located to the south of the main plaza.
North-east Platform.
No details or information is available.
North Platform.
This platform contains five buildings, from the second constructive stage; these were part of one of the palaces and probably were used for administrative purposes, with restricted access, with some residential and ceremonial areas.
East Platform.
Located on the east side of the plaza, were the other palace was possibly erected, at about the same time as the other. Many ceramic figures of “nosed” characters have been found, these were not found on the northern palace.
Two structures surround the east plaza; these are believed to have been elite residences (palaces), suggesting an organized type of government, at least by 100BCE–100CE, providing new information on the late preclassical (epi-Olmec) and classical period society.
Burials.
A series of paleosoil samples containing organic matter was found below the structures, possibly part of offerings.
The excavations revealed the existence burials containing offerings in all platforms, the burials contained human remains, ceramic vessels and figurines.
The earliest burial was found at the center of the pyramid, apparently deposited on top of paleosoil immediately before the construction. The ceremonial burials seems to have involved the burning of organic material, large patches of carbonized organic matter were located immediately on top of the paleosoil, below the sand fill of the structure.
Other deposits were found in a roughly symmetrical pattern along the central east-west axis. There are two deposits of human bones and a skull covered by a bowl, a complete vessel buried upside down, and lenticular patches of carboniferous earth.

</doc>
<doc id="30986173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986173" title="2010–11 Basketball League of Serbia B">
2010–11 Basketball League of Serbia B

The 2010–11 Basketball League of Serbia B is the 5th season of the Basketball League of Serbia B, the second professional basketball league in Serbia. The 182-game regular season (26 games for each of the 14 teams) began on Saturday, October 2, 2010, and will end on Sunday, April 17, 2011.
Regular season.
Basketball league of Serbia B.
P=Matches played, W=Matches won, L=Matches lost, F=Points for, A=Points against, D=Points difference, Pts=Points

</doc>
<doc id="30986187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986187" title="Guild of Railway Artists">
Guild of Railway Artists

The Guild of Railway Artists (GRA) is a British-based art guild whose members are painters of railway subjects.
Membership can be applied for by submitting examples of one's work. "Friends" of the Guild are supporters of the guild who are not necessarily accomplished railway artists themselves. The Patrons of the Guild are Sir William McAlpine, 6th Baronet and Pete Waterman.
The Guild has approximately 150 members and exhibitions are held annually.
Fellowship.
Fellowship is conferred by the governing council. There have only been five fellows (who are entitled to use the post-nominals FGRA)

</doc>
<doc id="30986189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986189" title="Tripletooth goby">
Tripletooth goby

Tridentiger is a genus of fish in the family Gobiidae, the gobies, known commonly as the tripletooth gobies.
These fish are native to the coastal waters of China, Japan, and Korea, where they live in brackish habitat types. They are often dominant members of the local fish fauna. Some are known as invasive species in North America.
These gobies are generally under 10 centimeters long. They have tricuspid outer teeth on their upper and lower jaws. 
Species.
There are currently nine recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="30986193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986193" title="Leslie Cohen Berlowitz">
Leslie Cohen Berlowitz

Leslie Cohen Berlowitz is the former President and Chief Executive Officer of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. 
Berlowitz became the Academy's executive officer in 1996 and was later promoted to Chief Executive Officer and President. From 1969 to 1996, Berlowitz was a faculty member and administrator at New York University. 
Berlowitz co-edited three books: "Restoring Trust in American Business" (Cambridge: MIT Press, 2005) with Jay W. Lorsch and Andy Zelleke, 
"America in Theory" (New York: Oxford University Press, 1988) with Denis Donoghue and Louis Menand, and "Greenwich Village: Culture and Counterculture" (New Jersey: Rutgers University Press, 1990) with Richard Eric Beard. 
American Academy leadership.
As chief executive, Berlowitz won praise for increasing Academy revenues, expanding the scope of programs, and raising the Academy's national profile, though questions about her management style and allegedly poor treatment of employees followed her for years. Berlowitz led the Academy’s Strategic Plan "2001 and Beyond" and the development of the Initiative for the Humanities and its Humanities Indicators. She created a network of more than 50 University Affiliates to work with the Academy on issues vital to the higher education community and also established two residential fellowship programs for young scholars: the Visiting Scholars Program and the Hellman Fellowship in Science and Technology Policy. 
Degree scandal.
In June 2013, Berlowitz was accused of embellishing her résumé in the course of writing grant proposals for the American Academy. She took a paid leave of absence and the Board of Directors hired the law firm Choate Hall & Stewart to investigate. 
At the same time, federal investigators announced a probe to determine if Berlowitz violated any federal laws by claiming to have a doctorate and by her misstating prior job titles in securing three grants worth a total of $1.2 million from the National Endowment for the Humanities from 2003 to 2012. Two other Academy funders, the US Department of Energy and the Carnegie Corporation of New York, told the "Boston Globe" that they were looking into whether false credentials were used to secure funds from them.
Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley also announced plans to investigate the falsified résumé and to look into why Berlowitz's compensation exceeded $598,000 in the fiscal year ending March 2012, four times what leaders of comparably sized nonprofits earn, according to the "Boston Globe". 
On June 12, 2013, the "New York Times" reported that questions about Berlowitz's credentials and pay had raised concerns among the American Academy's 4,000-plus members. The following day, the "Washington Post" Editorial Board echoed those concerns, writing that "n untruthfully listed doctoral degree violates the principle of intellectual integrity that the American Academy claims to hold dearest." 
On June 19, 2013, the "Boston Globe" Editorial Board called for Berlowitz's resignation. She resigned her position on July 31, 2013 due to revelations that she misrepresented her credentials and work history on several federal grant proposals.
Education.
Berlowitz graduated from the Fieldston School, and received a bachelor's degree from New York University and a master's degree from Columbia University. 
She was named an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters by Northeastern University in May of 2011.
In June 2013, "The Boston Globe" reported that Berlowitz had claimed to hold a doctorate in English from NYU in three applications for federal grants from 2003 to 2012, but that NYU had no record of her receiving that degree. 

</doc>
<doc id="30986201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986201" title="Nuestra Belleza Coahuila 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Coahuila 2010

Nuestra Belleza Coahuila 2010, was held at the Teatro Nazas in Torreón, Coahuila on July 30, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Cecilia Flores of Torreón was crowned the winner. Flores was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Coahuila titleholder, Abril Rodríguez. Ten contestants competed for the state title.

</doc>
<doc id="30986204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986204" title="Czarni Wierzchosławice">
Czarni Wierzchosławice

Ludowy Zespół Sportowy Czarni Wierzchosławice is a football club from Wierzchosławice, Poland. It was found in 1953.They're currently playing in Liga Okręgowa (VI level)

</doc>
<doc id="30986207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986207" title="Bernard de Soissons">
Bernard de Soissons

Bernard de Soissons was a French gothic architect, who participated at building of the west front of Reims Cathedral. He worked in Reims between the 1250s and the 1290s.

</doc>
<doc id="30986225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986225" title="Alexander Fitton">
Alexander Fitton

Sir Alexander Fitton (1630? – 1698) sometimes known as Baron Gawsworth, was an Irish barrister and judge, who became Lord Chancellor of Ireland despite having spent many years in prison.
Family and early career.
Fitton was the eldest son of William Fitton of Awrice, County Limerick and his wife Eva Trevor, daughter of Sir Edward Trevor of Denbighshire. He was the great-grandson of Sir Edward Fitton, Vice-Treasurer of Ireland. The Irish Fittons were a junior branch of the Fittons of Gawsworth Hall, Cheshire; the dispute over the ownership of Gawsworth was to pre-occupy Alexander for most of his life. He married Anne Joliffe, daughter of Thomas Joliffe of Worcestershire and they had one surviving daughter; Anne died in 1687.
He entered Gray's Inn in 1654 and the Inner Temple in 1655; he was called to the Bar in 1662. Since he immediately became embroiled in the Gawsworth inheritance claim, it is doubtful if he ever practised law.
Gawsworth inheritance claim.
Sir Edward Fitton, 2nd Baronet, of Gawsworth, died in 1643 without issue; he had seven sisters, but the nearest male Fitton was Alexander's father William. In 1641 Edward made a settlement creating an entail in favour of William and his male heirs. This was against the violent protests of Charles Gerard, son of Edward's sister Penelope. After Edward's death the Gerards tried to hold Gawsworth by force; but the progress of the English Civil War turned in the Fittons favour: as a staunch Royalist Gerard's own estates were forfeited and he left England about 1645, leaving the Fittons in possession until the Restoration.
By 1662 Gerard, now Baron Gerard of Brandon, had recovered his own estates and was in high favour at Court; inevitably he laid claim to Gawsworth. He brought a suit in the Court of Chancery exhibiting a will supposedly made by Edward Fitton just before his death. Alexander Fitton rather than simply rely on the entail produced a deed making the settlement on his father irrevocable. Gerard then dramatically produced a notorious forger, Abraham Granger, who testified that he had forged the deed on Fitton's behalf. The Court ordered a jury to find the facts: they found that the deed was indeed a forgery ; and while Fitton managed to get a second hearing before a Cheshire jury, the result was the same, and Gerard took possession.
Which party was in the right is now difficult to say: it is suspicious that both parties were relying on documents whose very existence had been previously unknown, and it is perfectly possible that both will and deed were forged. Fitton then made a serious mistake in publishing a pamphlet directly accusing Gerard of winning the case by bribing and threatening witnesses, and including what purported to be Granger's confession that he had committed perjury.Fitton was perhaps unaware that to libel a peer was scandalum magnatum, a serious offence. The House of Lords took a serious view of the matter and Fitton was committed to the King's Bench Prison until if ever he produced Granger to confirm his story. Given Granger's character, it is hardly surprising that Fittton never did produce him, and he might well have remained in prison for life. As it was (though accounts differ) he may still have been in prison in 1687. The petition to the House of Commons of England in 1668 mentioned in Pepys' Diary cane to nothing as did an attempt to prosecute Gerard's witnesses for perjury. The disgrace of Gerard, now Earl of Macclesfield, who supported the Exclusion Bill and was later suspected of complicity in the Monmouth Rebellion, encouraged Fitton to make one last effort to recover Gawsworth; somewhat surprisingly his case was dismissed for undue delay. The affair however caused the new King James II to look favourably on Fitton.
Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
In 1687 the Irish Chancellor Sir Charles Porter, expressed reservations about the King's policy of toleration of Catholics and was dismissed; while Richard Nagle, the Attorney General for Ireland, a Roman Catholic, put forward his claim, James was persuaded that Fitton, a Protestant, would be a better choice. Fitton thought it advisable to convert to Catholicism. As Lord Chancellor he was accused of ignorance, prejudice and bias against Protestants, although some historians have questioned the accuracy of these charges. When James II arrived in Ireland Fitton presided over the Patriot Parliament of 1689; he was given a barony and inevitably chose the title Baron Fitton of Gawsworth. When James fled Ireland after the Battle of the Boyne Fitton was Lord Justice of Ireland and acted in his absence; the following year he joined James in France, although it is unclear if any proceedings were threatened against him. He died at St. Germain in 1698.
Character.
Fitton has been treated harshly by historians, especially Thomas Macaulay, who dismissed Fitton as a "pettifogger" without legal ability or commonsense and unfit by reason of his imprisonment for forgery to hold any office. O'Flanagan writing in 1870 took a more charitable view, stating that he had examined Fitton's decrees and found no evidence of ignorance or incapacity; on the contrary, they appeared to be the work of an experienced equity judge. On the accusation of forgery, the safest view perhaps is that Gerard and Fitton were both guilty of it; Ball remarks that "bad as Fitton's character may have been it can scarcely have been worse than that of Lord Gerard".

</doc>
<doc id="30986258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986258" title="John Cashmore Ltd">
John Cashmore Ltd

John Cashmore Ltd (also known as J Cashmore, or simply as Cashmore's or other derivations) was a company based at Newport, Monmouthshire, Wales. It has become known for its work scrapping redundant British railway locomotives and it also ran a shipbreaking or scrapping business on the River Usk. It scrapped many ex-Royal Navy ships including the following:
The company was found by a member of the Cashmore family which already ran a steel stockholding business in the Midlands.
See also.
I

</doc>
<doc id="30986272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986272" title="Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine">
Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine

Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine (SCNM) is a naturopathic medical school located in Tempe, Arizona, United States. Founded in 1992, SCNM is one of seven accredited naturopathic medical schools in North America.
Overview of Academics.
The Doctor of Naturopathic Medicine Program at SCNM follows a prescribed curriculum set by the Council on Naturopathic Medical Education (CNME). Quarters at SCNM are designated as fall, winter, spring, and summer. All students are guided by the curriculum as outlined in the annual SCNM catalog and approved by the Curriculum Committee, Faculty Senate, President’s Council, and Executive Council. If a student adheres to the curriculum they can graduate after 14 consecutive quarters, or four calendar years.
Accreditation and Associations.
SCNM is a member of the Association of Accredited Naturopathic Medical Colleges (AANMC) and is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools and the Council on Naturopathic Medical Education. Both accreditations are recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

</doc>
<doc id="30986275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986275" title="Syrian constitutional referendum, 1949">
Syrian constitutional referendum, 1949

A constititional referendum was held in Syria on 25 June 1949, alongside a referendum on Husni al-Za'im's candidacy for President. The constitutional amendment was approved by 99.1% of voters.

</doc>
<doc id="30986281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986281" title="Alan Vinegrad">
Alan Vinegrad

Alan Vinegrad is a New York City lawyer who served as interim United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York from 2001 to 2002.
Vinegrad is a partner in the New York Office of the law firm of Covington & Burling. He currently is involved in defense of accused white collar criminals, securities regulation cases and litigations, the latter generally involving the federal government as a party. 
Prior to becoming interim US Attorney Vinegrad had been Chief Assistant US Attorney, Chief of the Eastern District of New York's criminal Division and also head of its Civil Rights Litigation and General Crimes Divisions at various times. Vinegrad was one of the lawyers who was involved in pressing charges against police officers who assaulted Abner Louima. 
Vinegrad has a bachelors degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a JD from the New York University School of Law. He was a law clerk for Leonard B. Sand and Naomi Reice Buchwald. 

</doc>
<doc id="30986284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986284" title="Tonight (Big Bang EP)">
Tonight (Big Bang EP)

Tonight is the fourth extended play of South Korean boy band Big Bang. It was their first new material released in South Korea after two-year hiatus as a group. Upon its release, the album and its lead single of the same name became a chart-topper in various South Korean and international music charts. It was released on February 23, 2011 under YG Entertainment.
Background.
While writing the songs for the then-untitled album, leader G-Dragon and lead rapper T.O.P began to break away to collaborate on their GD & T.O.P project. According to G-Dragon, the group was trying a "new combination" with their music, in which the vocalists Taeyang, Daesung, and Seungri were to record their own music as a trio while the remaining two were to branch off as a duo since they had not been with their fans for the past two years. Although the division of the group was initially for Big Bang's materials only, G-Dragon and T.O.P saw positive response to their materials from the fans and went to Yang Hyunsuk, CEO of YG Entertainment, to allow the duo to release an album. After the promotions for GD & T.OP. collaboration ended, the group reunited to record the tracks to be included for "Tonight". Songs from the album have been reportedly recorded variously over the two years span that the group was on hiatus. G-Dragon describes the music from the extended play as "very cheerful" in hopes of cheering up their listeners. Though the group's previous extended plays contained songs that were heavily influenced by electronic music, the group decided to concentrate more on "warm rock music."
"Big Bang’s music has been very cheerful and lyrical so far, but this time we added rock. These days, people seem to find something interesting that can make them laugh and it might come from many accidents and incidents that happened last year, so we are going to present warm and cheerful music for those people rather than heavy and electronic music.” — G-Dragon There, they also showcased songs from "Tonight", performing before an audience of 40,000 fans. The show was aired online by SBS and Mnet. The performance has been hailed as "sensual and stylish" as well as "luxurious" by Lee Soo-yeon of Newsen while it was called "fresh and bold" by Yonhap News, which also went on to state that "Big Bang has come back brilliantly." Park Young-gun of the Star News also applauded the group for their use of lavish props, calling the performance "compelling" and "explosive" and declaring that "Big Bang has come back stronger than ever." The show was watched by a nationwide audience of 5.7%, higher than the 4.9% expected. Revenues from the concert were reported to be ₩43 billion ($38 million).
Teaser photos of the group's music video for their lead single "Tonight", which was written solely by G-Dragon with the rap parts written by T.O.P, were also released online. The group also acknowledged their return to the music industry by posting it as their status on Taeyang's Twitter account. "Tonight" later charted at no. 3 on the Billboard World Albums chart, also no. 3 on the Heatseekers chart, and no. 29 on the Independent Albums chart. It also topped numerous South Korean music chart, including Gaon, Bugs, Soribada, Melon, Cyworld, Dosirak, mobile sites, and Mnet.
The album has received mostly positive praises, with Expo Flat News complimenting it for its "impressive, sophisticated sound textures." The lead single "Tonight" was also praised for its "sophisticated electronic sound" paired with acoustic guitar. Lee Jeon-Hyuk of Sports Chosun hailed the group's comeback as "brilliant" while Choi Jun of Asiae complimented the group's new direction in their music, acknowledging that during the two years of hiatus, the group's "style and musical sensibility deepened." Despite this, the group have been criticized for their over-use of electronic sound. The album has sold 100,000 copies in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="30986290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986290" title="Syrian presidential election, 1949">
Syrian presidential election, 1949

A referendum on Husni al-Za'im's candidacy for President was held in Syria on 25 June 1949, alongside a constitutional referendum. Al-Zaim's candidacy was approved by 99.4% of voters.

</doc>
<doc id="30986332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986332" title="List of Billboard number-one country albums of 1978">
List of Billboard number-one country albums of 1978

These are the U.S. number-one country albums of 1978, per the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="30986336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30986336" title="List of Billboard number-one country albums of 1977">
List of Billboard number-one country albums of 1977

These are the U.S. number-one country albums of 1977, per the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance.

</doc>
