<doc id="31123841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123841" title="Kamyzyak River">
Kamyzyak River

Kamyzyak River () is a river of Astrakhan, Russia. It is a tributary of the Volga River and lies in the Volga delta in the Caspian Sea area.The city of Kamyzyak lies on its banks.

</doc>
<doc id="31123844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123844" title="Lucia Casalini Torelli">
Lucia Casalini Torelli

Lucia Casalini Torelli (1677–1762) was an Italian painter, active in Bologna. The wife of painter Felice Torelli (and, through him, sister-in-law of violinist and composer Giuseppe Torelli), she was the mother of painter Stefano Torelli. She was born Bologna, where she trained under Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole.

</doc>
<doc id="31123845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123845" title="Mike Heald">
Mike Heald

Mike Heald is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent most of his career with professional teams in Florida.
Youth.
In 1990, Heald graduated from Bloomingdale High School where he was named All-State in each of his 3 years in high school. In 1990, Heald was named by Gatorade as the Player of the Year in Florida. He was also honored as the 1990 Jose A. Alvarez Hillsborough County Outstanding High School Soccer Player of the Year. 
He attended the University of Tampa where he played on the men's soccer team from 1990 to 1993. While at UT, Heald was named to the U-20 National Soccer team in 1991. He also was selected to attend the U.S. Olympic Festival for the South Region in 1991. In 1992, University of Tampa were the NCAA National Runner-Ups.
Professional.
In 1994, Heald played for the New Orleans Riverboat Gamblers of the USISL. In both 1993 and 1994, Heald played for the U.S. men's national 'B' team. In the fall of 1994, Heald joined the Brandon Braves for the USISL indoor season. He would return for the 1995-1996 indoor season as well. In May 1995, he signed with the Tampa Bay Cyclones. He played for them both in 1995 and in 1996. On February 2, 1997, the Tampa Bay Mutiny selected Heald in the third round (twenty-seventh overall) of the 1997 MLS Supplemental Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="31123874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123874" title="CALDOL">
CALDOL

CALDOL (Center for the Advancement of Leader Development and Organizational Learning) was created by the U.S. Army in 2005 at West Point to improve the development of leadership by using Internet tools to increase communication and collaborative learning among officers. 
CALDOL operates a set of online professional development sites and services known collectively as Milspace, connecting officers with peers and more experienced officers. Milspace has discussion forums, blogging spaces, downloadable reading materials, video interviews, and some features of social networking. In addition, CALDOL conducts research into knowledge management and leadership development.
CALDOL grew out of the CompanyCommand.org project begun in 2000 as a place where unit commanders could share their experiences and ask questions of one another. In 2002, the US Army made CompanyCommand.org an official offering of the service. In 2005, the Army established CALDOL, putting it under the direction of the team of West Point graduates and instructors who had created CompanyCommand.

</doc>
<doc id="31123875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123875" title="Firsilla">
Firsilla

Firsilla (Farsillah) is a village in Derna District in northeastern Libya. The village located on the east side of the Akhdar Mountains. The village of Firsilla formed around a spring of the same name.
Prior to the 2007 reorganization, Firsilla was part of Al Qubah District.

</doc>
<doc id="31123876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123876" title="Ivo Mallet">
Ivo Mallet

Sir (William) Ivo Mallet GBE KCMG (7 April 1900 – 7 December 1988) was a British diplomat who was ambassador to Yugoslavia and Spain.
Career.
Ivo Mallet was educated at Harrow School and Balliol College, Oxford and joined the Diplomatic Service with the rank of Third Secretary in 1925. He served in Constantinople, Angora, Berlin and Rome before, at the end of 1938, being appointed assistant Private Secretary to the Foreign Secretary, Lord Halifax. He held that post until 1941, then returned to the Foreign Office with the rank of acting Counsellor; at the end of the war he was Head of the Personnel Department of the Foreign Office. In 1946 he was appointed Consul-General at Tangier. In 1949 he returned to the Foreign Office as Assistant Under-Secretary. He was the UK representative at talks toward a peace treaty with Austria, although negotiations were slow due to the Cold War and the final Austrian State Treaty was signed only in 1955. Meanwhile Mallet served as ambassador to Yugoslavia 1951–54, where he was involved in lengthy negotiations on the fate of Trieste which at one point brought Italy and Yugoslavia close to war, and as ambassador to Spain 1954–60, also a difficult time under General Franco. In 1960 he retired to Switzerland where he died in 1988.
Honours.
Ivo Mallet was appointed CMG in the New Year Honours of 1945, knighted KCMG in 1951 on his appointment to Yugoslavia and given the additional, higher knighthood of GBE in the New Year Honours of 1960.
Family.
Ivo Mallet was one of three children of the historian and Liberal politician Sir Charles Mallet (1862–1947), who was the grandson of Jacques Mallet du Pan (1749–1800). 
In 1929, in Warsaw, Ivo Mallet married Marie-Angèle Wierusz-Kowalska. They had two sons and a daughter, Joan, who in 1955 married the British diplomat Robert Farquharson (who was also to be ambassador to Yugoslavia 1977–80). Lady Mallet died in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="31123882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123882" title="List of international cricket centuries at the Harare Sports Club">
List of international cricket centuries at the Harare Sports Club

The Harare Sports Club is a cricket ground in Harare, Zimbabwe. There have been 44 Test centuries scored at the ground and 42 in One Day Internationals (ODIs).
Test centuries.
The following table summarises the Test centuries scored at the Harare Sports Club.<ref name="Statsguru: Test matches / Batting records / Innings by innings list" />
One Day International centuries.
The following table summarises the One Day International centuries scored at the Harare Sports Club.<ref name="Statsguru: One-Day Internationals / Batting records / Innings by innings list" />

</doc>
<doc id="31123907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123907" title="Wonderland (Wonderland album)">
Wonderland (Wonderland album)

Wonderland is the self-titled debut studio album by Irish girl group Wonderland.
Background, composition, concept, and development.
They stated recording process in late 2009 after passing through the screening process in 2008. The recording process includes searching, writing and recording songs in a studio. Band manager Louis Walsh said thirty to sixty potential tracks were about to be recorded by the band. Band member Kasey Smith added: "We recorded our album and searched out loads of amazing songs for it. We've spent time becoming a real band and touring with Westlife. So many amazing things have happened!". Title tracks floated co-written by the band members before the album release. It was later announced not included in the debut album. The title tracks are the following: "Air Brush", "Believe", "Getting Mad Not Even", "Girlfriend", and "Signs". In late 2010, Nine tracks have been recorded and Durran said that there are a couple more to finish. In an interview with "Digital Spy", band member Jodi Albert said: "We're so proud of how this album is shaping up, because not only have we worked with some amazing songwriters, but we've been able to collaborate and co-write." Band member Leigh Learmont added: "There's not a single track that we don't love. There's none that we would consider filler." Wonderland have worked with Andy Hill, Shep Solomon and Bob Clearmountain on the tracks. The girls admitted they were surprised when they found out they would be working with high profile producers on the album. Band member Sharon Condon admitted: "It's been a steep learning curve because most of us have only just started learning about songwriting and producers. Having said that, when we found out we were working with Andy Hill, who wrote Celine Dion's "Think Twice", we all knew that was a big deal! "We've worked with Kelly Clarkson and Bryan Adams writers, Shep Solomon and Bob Clearmountain too - it's been incredible."
The album consists of overall fifteen tracks (only twelve tracks originally). There are three bonus tracks included on the iTunes version, they are "What Do You Want Me To Do" and their live acoustic covers of Adele's Rolling in the Deep and Only Girl (In the World) by Rihanna. It was later decided to include "Rolling in the Deep" on the standard tracklisting as a bonus track which makes it as thirteen. While iTunes have bonus tracks, Play.com have extra exclusive autographed poster, Amazon.co.uk have extra exclusive slipcase and HMV.co.uk have "Wonderland - Live in Jazz Cafe, London". The LP have ten originals (two was co-written by the band) and five covers. It was mixed with old and new, ballad and upbeat music. The two songs co-written by the band are "Not a Love Song" and "Time Has Run Out". Aside from Adele and Rihanna, they've also covered Lady Antebellum's "Need You Now", Alexis Strum's "It Could Be You" and Ryan Adams's "When the Stars Go Blue". When asked about the inclusion of some of their live covers they said: "We love 'Need You Now' and so does our label, so hopefully it's going on the album.", "'Need You Now' is the only cover on the album at the moment, but I think we're recording Ryan Adams's 'When The Stars Go Blue' too, which we all love. A good song is a good song, and if we all like it then we want to record it!"
Before the release, the live acoustic versions of "Nothing Moves Me Anymore", "Need You Now", and "Only Girl" were released as free downloads on their official Facebook site, performed live and some were released also in their debut EP "Introduction to Wonderland". While "Is It Just Me", "Rolling in the Deep" and "In Your Arms" were performed live on their gigs with "Starlight" and "Not a Love Song" which became singles. Also, the snippets of each album track were posted through their official Soundcloud site before the album release. Band manager Walsh picked "Why Here Why Now" as his favorite track off the album. While "Emergency" was the iTunes UK Free Single of the Week (12–18 June 2011).
Album name and artwork.
In late 2010, they stated in "Digital Spy" they haven't started thinking nor deciding on the album title. In early 2011, they announced the album title may be called "Wonderland" or "Welcome to Wonderland". It ended up being a self-titled album title. There are three versions of official album artworks. Firstly it was in a blue background with title Wonderland on the lower edge, secondly in a black background with title Wonderland on the upper side, thirdly in a black background with a different picture attached that was used for television advertisements of the album.
Critical reception.
Mike Diver of "BBC Music", said the album was "A solid debut of country-tinged ballads and zesty pop spoiled by an ill-advised cover". "iheartmusic.co.uk" expressed: The group, formed and managed by Louis Walsh alongside Westlife's Kian Egan, have spent longer perfecting their sound and style than most acts have deals for these days, (poor Mini Viva, Girls Can't Catch, Joe McElderry…). So the expected standard of their debut was always going to be high, especially with Louis and Kian's track record in the business. With the influx of girl groups in 2011 it's easy to try and compare them to others, but Wonderland have their own sound, they've perfected the blend of pop and country, with an added splash of rock. And with their five different, but impressively strong voices combining as one, each bringing a different layer to the track, the result is an impressive debut album. Whilst it is noticeable that the first half of the album contains the tracks that were first being performed a year ago, it is refreshing to see a label give an act time to find their feet, and not rush into releasing an album, that then gets padded out with mediocre covers and fillers, and hoping for the best.I can safely say it's surpassed all expectations I had, as you all know I judge albums by how many tracks I can get in to an album before I have the urge to skip a track, and Wonderland passes that test with flying colours. To save me repeating myself for every track I talk about, the vocals on this album are phenomenal. The arrangements are spot on, the emotion comes across in the ballads perfectly, and you would never think that this was the first album released by the group. It is an amazing collection of songs, which has the perfect balance of light and shade between ballads and more upbeat tracks. "IndieLondon" interpreted the album: "True, it's polished pop that sound-checks everything from Taylor Swift to The Corrs via a little Fleetwood Mac and even Abba, but it's this mix of easy to identify styles, coupled with their telling ability to deliver a catchy melody, that makes the album better than most debuts from girl bands. Overall, then, we had more reason to be optimistic rather than glum about the emergence of yet another girl band."
Release and promotion.
The album was released 6 June 2011. In 8 May 2011, Dean Piper of "The Mirror" said that he's thrilled of amazing pre-sales of the album. This album was seen on top five of Play.com album pre-orders while top ten on Amazon and HMV album pre-orders.
Track listing.
source:
Other credits.
"Not A Love Song"
"Starlight"
"Nothing Moves Me Anymore"
"Need You Now"
"In Your Arms"
"Is It Just Me"
"Why Here Why Now"
"Time Has Run Out"
"Emergency"
"It Could Be You"
"Get Your Boots On"
"When The Stars Go Blue"
"Rolling In The Deep"
Chart performance.
The album debuted at number eight on the UK Albums Chart which sold over 15,000 copies. While it peaked at number six on the Irish Album Chart. While it first entered at number ten on UK midweeks chart. The album was the highest charting debut album from a girl group in the UK since Girls Aloud in 2002 and tied with Pussycat Dolls' debut album "PCD" in 2005, until Little Mix's "DNA" entered the UK Albums Chart at number 3 in November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31123910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123910" title="Naisi">
Naisi

Naisi (or Old Naisi) is a community in the Southern Region of Malawi, now in effect a northern suburb of the city of Zomba. 
The community lies below the Zomba Massif to the north, which may be accessed via a rough road.
Naisi is the birthplace of James Frederick Sangala, one of the founders of the Nyasaland African Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="31123913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123913" title="Volleyball spiking">
Volleyball spiking

In volleyball, spiking is the act of scoring a point by slamming the ball over the net into the opposing court effectively and aggressively. In many ways, the mechanism of volleyball spiking is not altogether different from the act of slam dunking in the sport of basketball. 
Volleyball spiking became very popular in the late 80's and early 90's with the massive proliferation of beach volleyball as a popular sport. Well known beach professionals such as Karch Kiraly used the volleyball spike to score devastating points on their opponents as well as wow the crowd with the Spike's air of theatricality. "Spiking" as it related to volleyball entered the international and American lexicon through video games, movies and the growing popularity of the AVP. 
The volleyball spike as an offensive move is still widely used in volleyball, being the preferred offensive move of American Gold Medalist Eric Fonoimoana and AVP legend Stein Metzger.
Volleyball Spiking Drills for All Ages.
Wall Spiking- player’s stand ten feet away from a wall with a volleyball. While focusing on their technique, players spike the ball at the ground just before the wall. They want to angle their hit so the ball hits the floor, then the wall, and comes back a height where they can hit it again. The goal is to repeat this process without moving more than a couple feet while keeping the process continuous. This drill works on a players’ follow though and precision. 

</doc>
<doc id="31123927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123927" title="Coris">
Coris

Coris may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31123961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123961" title="Capital market imperfections">
Capital market imperfections

All the limitations that reduce the range of financial contracts that agents can sign and/or that prevent them to be honored are called imperfections. These restrictions are more common in capital markets. There are three basic reasons for that: Firstly, lenders do not have full information about the borrower, whether they have the capacity to pay back their debt and/or whether they are willing to pay (asymmetric information). Secondly, lender needs to trust the borrower to commit and to pay back his/her debt or there needs to have a third party to enforce the contract as it is more difficult to enforce contracts ex post (limited commitment). Finally, since the exchange does not happen at the same time, there is always room for renegotiation.
Perfect capital markets.
In perfect capital market case, assuming complete markets, perfect rationality of agents and under full information, the equilibrium occurs where the interest rates clear the market, with the supply of funds equal to the demand. This type of equilibrium is called Arrow-Debreu equilibrium, which is defined as there is a set of prices (in this case interest rates) under which demand and supply of the market are equal to each other. Moreover, we can analyze the firm's investment decision and its owner's consumption/saving decision separately (Fisher separation theorem). In addition to that, even in case of bankruptcy risk, the resulting optimum choice of firm will be efficient as the interest rate increases to capture the bankruptcy risk. Therefore, the possibility of default of the borrower is not a main driving force that leads to imperfect capital markets.
Asymmetric information.
The main feature of the financial markets that leads to imperfection is the information asymmetry between borrowers and lenders. We see two main types of information asymmetries in capital markets:
Limited Commitment.
Another important characteristic that yields imperfection is that exchange does not happen simultaneously in capital markets. The borrower gets his/her funds, but the lender must rely on the promises of the borrower. One of the conditions for imperfect capital markets is default risk. The borrower may declare bankruptcy, and thus, may not pay the debt back. Hence, the borrower's promises, as well as the structure of the promises, are very important for the transaction to be realized. One of the options in dealing with the limited commitment problem is providing collateral. The contract is formed such that in case of default, the lender has all/some rights to seize the collateral. This is called a secured loan in finance. However, it does not fully solve the problem because there are costs associated with seizing the pledged asset. One source of these costs is the money and time spent enforcing the contract. 
Another reason for capital market imperfections associated with limited commitment is the ability of the borrower to renegotiate the terms of the contract ex post. Even though the contract is signed as a secured loan, because of the enforcement costs, the lender never gets the full payment in case of default. Ex post, the borrower always has the option to offer more than the lender would get in case of default, but less than the full payment. That is why the incentive compatibility is needed to ensure binding contracts, in imperfect capital markets. 
Relation with incomplete markets.
The other feature of the capital market leading to imperfections is that credit is not a homogeneous good. It is a different good in different states of world in different times and even given different people. In an idealized "perfect" market, economists expect the market to "achieve every desired exchange for homogeneous goods when there is only one price". Based on that, to have a perfect capital market, every agent may exchange funds at the existing single interest rate for each type of fund. However, in reality we do not have that many different types of credit/funds for each different states of world to have complete market.
Consequences of imperfections in capital markets.
With perfect information as the interest rate increases, expected return to the lender increases as the lender charges the borrower more for the lending service. However, with imperfect information there is also an indirect opposite effect. As the interest rate rises, the possibility of selecting riskier borrowers increases as the cost increases less for them as they may not pay it back. Hence, as the interest rate goes up, the return to the lender decreases only considering the adverse selection effect. Considering these two opposite effects, the lender may determine the interest rate to maximize the rate of return so it does not necessarily clear the market. In that situation, some individuals can not obtain any credit at the existing market interest rate although they are willingly to pay the market value. Hence, we see credit rationing as a result of imperfection in capital markets.
Credit rationing does not just caused from asymmetric information but also from limited enforcement in case of default. There are also costs used for law enforcement in order to get back the funds and in most of the case there is also possibility of not taking back at all if it was an unsecured loan. The problem of credit rationing arises most if the creditor does not have anything to provide as collateral. Even if he/she is a trustworthy person and would use the funds for good investment project and able to pay back his/her debt, the lender may not lend him/her so it leads to inefficient allocation of resources.
In macroeconomic perspective one of the consequences of the imperfect capital markets is insufficient investment. Since most of the time firms finance their investment from credit markets, lack of supply of funds leads to insufficient amount of investment causing inefficient allocation of funds in the economy. Even though it was true that every agent could borrow at the amount they were willing to, we could not have reached the efficient allocation because of the high market interest rate causing from the cost of screening and monitoring of the banks.
Based on the fact that in real world the capital markets are far from being perfect, we can clearly say that market clearing is a very specific result which may not hold in general.
Imperfections in international capital markets.
Enforcement of the contract is particularly difficult in an international set up. It is hard for a creditor to impose sanctions to a country that defaults. Hence, it is a much deeper problem considering the consequences of imperfections in international capital markets. It may highly reduce the country's ability to extract financial resources on international basis. the most fundamental reason is the sovereign risk that causes from the lack of a supranational legal authority, capable of enforcing contracts across borders. The main results of imperfect international capital markets are similar to domestic ones: risk and insufficient level of investment. Since the inefficiency of the economy in terms of investment is also related to the economic growth of the country, the consequences on investment and economic growth are more severe and affects the economies of the countries (especially developing countries) in macro level.

</doc>
<doc id="31123972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123972" title="Los Sírex">
Los Sírex

Los Sírex is a Spanish rock band born in 1959 in Barcelona and active in the 1960s (up until 1972, to be more precise) and again from 1977 to at least 2012. It was initially formed by three musicians: Guillermo Rodríguez Holgado, Antonio Miers and Manuel Madruga (Manolo), then briefly joined by the vocalist Santi Carulla in 1960. By the end of 1960, the band consisted of Antoni Miquel Cerveró ("Leslie" or "L'Anxoveta") as lead vocalist, Lluís Gomis (Lluís Gomis de Prunera, 1944-2012, RIP) on the drums, Josep Fontseré Portolés (Pepe or Pep, Barcelona, 1945) on the rhythm guitar, Guillermo Rodríguez Holgado on the bass and Manolo Madruga (RIP 2012) on the lead guitar. They named the band after a component of eyeglasses: Guillermo worked at his father's glasses factory, where they used a filament called Sírex to adjust the lenses to the frames of the glasses. They became identified with a pure rock and roll style with daring lyrics that caused them trouble with the Spanish censorship of the time. They sang in Spanish.
Biography.
Their training began in June 1959 in Barcelona, when three friends and neighbors living on the street called Gran Via (Guillermo Rodríguez Holgado, Antonio Miers and Manolo Madruga, 15–17 years old at the time) decided to play music under the influence of Elvis Presley. To complete their apprenticeship, they would listen to other bands at the Spanish University Union (Sindicato Español Universitario) on Carrer Canuda or the CAPSA theatre on Aragon Street, where other groups like "Estrellas Fugaces" or "Los Cocodrilos" played. In 1960, Santi Carulla, a classmate of Guillermo, briefly joined the band before moving on to be the lead singer of the rival band Los Mustang: both bands participated in a contest for young talent on Ràdio Barcelona, after which the rival band asked Carulla to be their singer. The first performance of Los Sirex was at a Barça football fan club (Penya barcelonista) at Casp Street. That would be followed by concerts at the "Tropical" in Castelldefels. After Carulla left, Antoni Miquel Cerveró, from the band "Los Meteors", then joined as lead singer, and Josep Fontseré joined as rhythm guitarist.

</doc>
<doc id="31124016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124016" title="Germany's Next Topmodel (cycle 6)">
Germany's Next Topmodel (cycle 6)

"Germany's Next Topmodel, Cycle 6" is the sixth season of the show that was aired on the German television network ProSieben. The show started airing on March 3, 2011. In difference to the last two years, a preselection was done and open castings were not part of the show any more. The first episode started with 50 semifinalists, the fewest number since Cycle 1. It was also announced that an elimination outside the judging panel can happen at any point.
Once again the entire judging panel except for Heidi Klum was replaced. Q and Kristian Schuller both left the show after one Cycle. Thomas Hayo and fashion designer Thomas Rath joined in.
The show hit US-American news when the mansion in Los Angeles in which the final 15 competitors were supposed to live burnt down one day before filming, with firefighter Glenn Allen being killed. A new mansion was found immediately without a significant delay in production.
The winner was 20-year old Jana Beller from Recklinghausen.
International Destinations.
The international destinations for this cycle were set in Schladming, Austria; London, England; Los Angeles, USA; Nassau, The Bahamas and Rio De Janeiro, Brazil.
Episode summaries.
Episode 1: Weltrekord geknackt.
The 50 chosen semifinalists are invited to Schladming where they have to achieve a world record in highheels walking on a treadmill for 90 minutes. Being concerned about her feet, Joana withdraws after a few minutes much to the unsatisfaction of new judge Thomas Hayo. After the record is broken and a first live walk in front of the judges, 15 girls are cut.<br>
In their first challenge, the girls have to impress a mass audience on a sky-location Ke$ha concert in order to perform with her on stage. At the second judging, the girls have to walk on a runway above a swimming pool where 24 more contestants are eliminated. After learning that she was diagnosed with lymph node cancer, Melek withdraws from the competition a few days after accessing to the new round.
Episode 2: London Calling.
The 25 remaining finalists are taken to London. On their first challenge a group of five girls is each put in a phonebooth for a claustrophobic photoshoot where Sarah is recognized for her aggressive behaviour towards her fellow competitors. Jana, Isabel, and Aleksandra are declared the winners and get to walk in Berlin Fashion Week for judge Thomas Rath's newest show.<br>
Seven of the remaining girls receive makeovers and a trick is played on Amelie who was told to go bald after she volunteered to shave her hair.<br>
Two beauty shoots are contacted with pre-and-post makeover removement where Heidi notices Jil's skin problems.<br>
The weekly runway challenge is taking place in a church where the girls have to walk in sexy bride outfits which Sarah refuses as she fears a bad reaction from her Christian school. Chiara-Isabell gets eliminated for not being ready to perform well in the competition yet just like Lilia, who's elimination is not shown in the episode. In the end, the 23 remaining girls continue in the competition.
Still Photography Producer: Alisa Evdokimov
Episode 3: Das Horror-Shooting.
Still in London, the girls are taken to an underground tunnel where they meet this week's photographer Rankin, famous for his strict and rude behaviour towards the girls in former cycles. Several girls struggle at the photoshoot and Marie-Luise, Concetta, and Paulina are named as the bottom three with Concetta being immediately eliminated from the competition.
On the next challenge the girls have to perform acts on a Queen's Guard at Buckingham Palace. In the evening, Paulina and Tahnee are randomly drawn to attend an aftershow party of the BAFTA awards. We then see how Rebecca performed on London Fashion Week where the designers that booked her the episode before were impressed by her.<br>
On the weekly elimination, the girls are asked to walk in pairs of two with a mask and instructions by runway coach Jorge. Although struggling on the runway once again, Lisa-Marie and Sarah are sent to the next round. The group of Florence, Christien, and Ivon who were paired together on the photoshoot find themselves in the bottom three together. The Top 20 is determined with Ivon being eliminated and an announcement is made that the next destination is Los Angeles.
Episode 4: Es kracht zwischen den Topmodels.
Christien was eliminated shortly after their arrival in America because the judges think that she hasn't improved herself at all after weeks. At their week's photoshoot the contastents have to pose in a high-Voltage Electric-Box while laughing a lot. Rebecca was especially praised by the judges for her great posing. Aleksandra won her first job and was consequently saved for this week. At the end Amira was eliminated because the judges thought that she hasn't shown enough of her personality although being one of the most beautiful women among the other contestants.
Summaries.
Photo Shoot Guide.
Still Photography Producer: Alisa Evdokimov

</doc>
<doc id="31124048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124048" title="All Saints Church, Fleet">
All Saints Church, Fleet

All Saints Church is the Anglican parish church of the town of Fleet in the county of Hampshire, England. It is notable due to its architect, William Burges and was constructed 1861-2. It was extended to the west in 1934 by A. J. Steadman and a Lady Chapel was added in 1958 by John Purser. The church was commissioned by the local squire, Charles Edward Lefroy, secretary to the Speaker of the House of Commons as a memorial to his wife, Janet Lefroy. It cost £3,323. It is a Grade II* Listed Building
Pevsner says of Fleet that "it has no shape, nor character nor notable buildings, except one," that one being All Saints. The church is of red brick and its plan is "simple in the extreme." The interior too is simply decorated but the massive sculpture, particularly of the Lefroys' tomb and of the gabled arch below which it originally sat is quintessentially Burges, "not so much muscular (gothic) as muscle-bound." Janet Lefroy was originally a Walker, daughter of James Walker, who established the great marine engineering company of Walker and Burges with Alfred Burges, father of William. This family connection led to Burges obtaining the commission.
The interior has been despoiled by the removal of the Lefroy tomb from its original position and by the whitewashing of the apse; "And so a work by a none too prolific genius is irreparably spoiled."

</doc>
<doc id="31124054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124054" title="Our America with Lisa Ling">
Our America with Lisa Ling

Our America with Lisa Ling is an American documentary television series that airs on the Oprah Winfrey Network and debuted on February 15, 2011 at 10/9c. Hosted by journalist Lisa Ling, each episode examines an aspect of American society that may be viewed as marginal or outside the mainstream. 
Episodes.
Season 1 (2011).
Season 1 of "Our America with Lisa Ling" aired on OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network from Tuesday February 15, 2011 until Tuesday March 29, 2011. The first season was broadcast weekly on Tuesday nights at 10/9c.
Season 2 (2011).
Season 2 of "Our America with Lisa Ling" aired on the Oprah Winfrey Network from Sunday October 16, 2011 until Sunday December 4, 2011. The second season was broadcast weekly on Sunday nights at 10/9c.
Season 3 (2012).
Season 3 of "Our America with Lisa Ling" aired on the Oprah Winfrey Network from Sunday June 10, 2012 until Tuesday August 21, 2012. The third season was broadcast weekly on Tuesday nights at 10/9c.
Season 4 (2013).
Season 4 of "Our America with Lisa Ling" aired on the OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network from Tuesday January 22, 2013 until Tuesday March 12, 2013. The fourth season was broadcast weekly on Tuesday nights at 10/9c.
Season 5 (2014).
The fifth and final season of "Our America with Lisa Ling" premiered on OWN on May 29, 2014. Future seasons of the show will move to CNN. 
Critical response.
Hank Stuever of "The Washington Post" praised the series, calling it "an intelligent, ruminative affirmation on the ways life might resemble a daytime talk show". Ling is called empathetic and sensitive and the series a throwback to "the quality TV magazine journalism that predated the infotainment glut". However he finds that while Ling is emotionally affected by the stories she finds she seems "none the wiser" for having found them.
Ratings.
The debut episode of "Our America" drew an average of 574,000 viewers. This was an improvement over the average viewership that the network attracted during its first week on the air and an improvement of 242% over its predecessor, Discovery Health Channel, from a year earlier.
In its second season, "Our America" continued with strong ratings, ranking #17 in its time period among 95 ad-supported cable networks. The show posted triple digit growth for the month of October across the key demos versus year ago numbers (+189% W25-54, +108% HH, +126% P2+, compared with Discovery Health's ratings in October 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="31124063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124063" title="Weekend (American band)">
Weekend (American band)

Weekend is an American lo-fi or shoegaze trio from San Francisco, California. The band formed in 2009 and released two EPs, with the full-length debut album "Sports" coming on Slumberland Records in 2010. The album received an 8.2 rating from Pitchfork Media. It also received 4/5 stars on Tinymixtapes and was also reviewed by National Public Radio, the "Portland Mercury", "Boston Phoenix", "NME", Drowned in Sound, Brooklyn Vegan, The Onion's AV Club, and PopMatters. 
"Sports" was also mentioned in Sports Illustrated alongside Huey Lewis' album with the same name.
Their song "End Times" was used in a commercial to promote Season 6 of "Dexter".
The band released their second album, "Jinx", on July 23, 2013, on Slumberland Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="31124078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124078" title="Belfast Literary Society">
Belfast Literary Society

The Belfast Literary Society was founded in 1801 and survives as the second oldest learned society in Belfast (the Belfast Reading Society, now the Linen Hall Library predates it by just over a decade). Its first meeting was held in the long demolished Exchange Rooms in Belfast on 23 October. Among the 12 founding members were Rev. William Hamilton Drummond, Dr. William Bruce, Henry Joy, John Templeton, S.M. Stephenson, S.S. Thompson and James McDonnell.

</doc>
<doc id="31124098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124098" title="Coris (plant)">
Coris (plant)

Coris is a plant genus in the family Primulaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="31124106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124106" title="Henrik Christian Fredrik Størmer">
Henrik Christian Fredrik Størmer

Henrik Christian Fredrik Størmer (19 August 1839 – 29 December 1900) was a Norwegian engineer, inventor, industrialist and entrepreneur.
Personal life.
Fredrik Størmer was born in Trondhjem, the son of businessman Henrik Christian Fredrik Størmer Sr. (1809–62) and his wife Dorothea Margrethe Heldahl (1813–85). Through his younger brother Georg Ludvig Størmer (1842–1930), Størmer was the uncle of Carl Størmer (1874–1957), a mathematician, and grand-uncle of Leif Størmer, a geologist. He had no children himself.
Career.
Upon finishing his secondary education in Trondhjem, Størmer travelled to Karlsruhe, Germany to study at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology. From 1860 to 1862, he was employed as a supervisor at Myrens Verksted in Christiania. In the late 1860s, Størmer established two drying oil factories in Hemne and Tingvoll. These factories were both closed after a few years, when drying oil was replaced by paraffin in Norway. In 1868, Størmer established a factory in Tistedalen, which produced charcoal briquettes. He had earlier patented a production method that used sawdust to produce charcoal.
In the 1890s, Størmer acquired the rights to 17 waterfalls in Norway, which he had planned to produce electricity with. In 1893–94, a commission that included Størmer was put together by the Norwegian Engineer and Architect Association; it proposed a law for the Parliament that would enforce abandonment of necessary property to construct power lines. The law was passed in 1894, and Størmer did therefore have to sell some of his waterfalls.
At the end of the 1870s, Størmer travelled to France, and constructed a charcoal factory in Suresnes. In 1878, Størmer was appointed official reporter of Norway at the Exposition Universelle in Paris. In his exposition report, Størmer recommended construction of cellulose factories in Norway. On his return to Norway in the late 1880s, Størmer initiated construction of cellulose factories in Moss, Ranheim and Bamble. He died on 29 December 1900 after being run over by a tram.
Public debate.
Størmer was a proponent of the standard gauge in railways, and wrote articles and gave speeches in which he described the advantages of the normal gauge and the disadvantages of the gauge. The narrow gauge railway proponents Cato Guldberg and Carl Abraham Pihl filed a defamation against him, which they won. However, Størmer appealed, and was acquitted in 1888.
Even though Størmer himself wrote Bokmål, he sided with Ivar Aasen and Noregs Mållag in the Norwegian language conflict. In his testament, Størmer attested his remaining waterfalls and patents to the Nynorsk book publishing house Det Norske Samlaget.

</doc>
<doc id="31124115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124115" title="Terra Natura">
Terra Natura

Terra Natura are two zoo theme parks and aqua parks (Aqua Natura) located near Benidorm (Terra natura Benidorm) and Murcia (Terra Natura Murcia), in the Costa Blanca, Spain.
Terra Natura Animal Parks lets visitors make contact with animals with barriers invisible to the human eye. Many species can be viewed, including elephants, tigers, monkeys, lions, African buffalo, and rhinos.
Terra Natura Benidorm.
The of Terra Natura Benidorm are divided into four zones or areas: Pangea (the park entrance area), America, Asia and Europe. Between the areas visitors can see about 1500 animals representing 200 species.
Aqua Natura Benidorm.
Aqua Natura Benidorm is a water park with an aquarium, swimming with sharks, and a large swimming pool area with over of flumes and slides.
Terra Natura Murcia.
The of Terra Natura Murcia are divided into two zones or areas: African Savannah and the Iberian Peninsula. Between the two areas there are about 300 animals representing 50 species.
Aqua Natura Murcia.
Aqua Natura Murcia is a water park with an aquarium, and attempts to recreate the Zanzibar archipelago in the Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="31124118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124118" title="First Iraqi–Kurdish War">
First Iraqi–Kurdish War

First Kurdish–Iraqi War The war ended with a stalemate in 1970, resulting in between 75,000 to 105,000 casualties. A series of Kurdish-Iraqi negotiations followed the war in an attempt to resolve the conflict. The negotiations led to the Iraqi-Kurdish Autonomy Agreement of 1970.
Background.
After the military coup by Abdul Karim Qasim in 1958, Barzani was invited by Qasim to return from exile. As part of a deal arranged by Qasim and Barzani, Qasim promised to give the Kurds regional autonomy in return for Barzani's support for his policies. Meanwhile, during 1959–1960, Barzani became the head of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP), which was granted legal status in 1960.
Warfare.
By early 1960, it became apparent that Qasim would not follow through with his promise of regional autonomy. As a result, the KDP began to agitate for regional autonomy. In the face of growing Kurdish dissent, as well as Barzani's personal power, Qasim began to incite the Barzanis historical enemies, the "Bradost" and "Zebari" tribes, which led to inter-tribal warfare throughout 1960 and early 1961.
By February 1961, Barzani had defeated the pro-government forces and consolidated his position as leader of the Kurds. At this point, Barzani ordered his forces to occupy and expel government officials from all Kurdish territory. This was not received well in Baghdad, and as a result, Qasim began to prepare for a military offensive against the north to return government control of the region. Meanwhile, in June 1961, the KDP issued a detailed ultimatum to Qasim outlining Kurdish grievances and demanded rectification. Qasim ignored the Kurdish demands and continued his planning for war. It was not until September 10, when an Iraqi army column was ambushed by a group of Kurds, that the Kurdish revolt truly began. In response to the attack, Qasim lashed out and ordered the Iraqi Air Force to indiscriminately bomb Kurdish villages, which ultimately served to rally the entire Kurdish population to Barzani's standard.
Due to Qasim's profound distrust of the Iraqi Army, which he purposely failed to adequately arm (in fact, Qasim implemented a policy of ammunition rationing), Qasim's government was not able to subdue the insurrection. This stalemate irritated powerful factions within the military and is said to be one of the main reasons behind the Ba'athist coup against Qasim in February 1963.
After the failure of the Syrian political union with Egypt in 1961, Syria was declared an "Arab Republic" in the interim constitution. On 23 August 1962, the government conducted a special population census only for the province of "Jazira" which was predominantly Kurdish. As a result, around 120,000 Kurds in Jazira were arbitrarily categorized as "aliens". In addition, a media campaign was launched against the Kurds with slogans such as "Save Arabism in Jazira!" and "Fight the Kurdish threat!". These policies coincided with the beginning of Barzani's uprising in Iraqi Kurdistan and discovery of oilfields in the Kurdish inhabited areas of Syria. In June 1963, Syria took part in the Iraqi military campaign against the Kurds by providing aircraft, armoured vehicles and a force of 6,000 soldiers. Syrian troops crossed the Iraqi border and moved into the Kurdish town of Zakho in pursuit of Barzani's fighters.
The Kurdish uprising received material support from Iran and Israel - both of them wishing to weaken Iraq. Israel regarded the Iraqi military as a possible threat in case of renewed fighting between Israel and Jordan and Syria. Iraqi forces had participated in the 1948 Arab invasion of Israel and Iraq was the only Arab participant in that war who refused to sign ceasefire agreements with Israel. Since then Iraq had on a number of occasions threatened to send forces to assist Jordan against Israel during rounds of border fighting between the two. Therefore, the Israelis wished to keep the Iraqis occupied elsewhere. Another Israeli interest was Kurdish assistance for Jews still living in Iraq to escape through Kurdish territory to Israel. Iran wished to strengthen its own political and military position vis-a-vis Iraq - the only other regional power in the Persian Gulf (called Arab Gulf by the Arabs) - and perhapd wring certain territorial concessions from Iraq in return for ceasing support of the Kurds (this was achieved in 1975, during the Second Iraqi-Kurdish War, but it is not clear when the idea was originally conceived).
In November 1963, after considerable infighting amongst the civilian and military wings of the Ba'athists, they were ousted by Abdul Salam Arif in a coup. Then, after another failed offensive on Kurds, Arif declared a ceasefire in February 1964, which provoked a split among Kurdish urban radicals on one hand and Peshmerga forces, led by Barzani on the other. Barzani agreed to the ceasefire and fired the radicals from the party. Following the unexpected death of Arif, whereupon he was replaced by his brother, Abdul Rahman Arif, the Iraqi government launched a last-ditch effort to defeat the Kurds. This campaign failed in May 1966, when Barzani forces thoroughly defeated the Iraqi Army at the Battle of Mount Handrin, near Rawanduz. At this battle, it was said that the Kurds slaughtered an entire Iraqi brigade. Recognizing the futility of continuing this campaign, Rahamn Arif announced a 12-point peace program in June 1966, which was not implemented due to the overthrow of Abdul Rahman Arif in a 1968 coup by the Baath Party.
The Ba'ath government restarted a campaign to end the Kurdish insurrection, which stalled in 1969. This can be partly attributed to the internal power struggle in Baghdad and also tensions with Iran. Moreover, the Soviet Union pressured the Iraqis to come to terms with Barzani.
Peace talks.
A peace plan was announced in March 1970 and provided for broader Kurdish autonomy. The plan also gave Kurds representation in government bodies, to be implemented in four years. Despite this, the Iraqi government embarked on an Arabization program in the oil rich regions of Kirkuk and Khanaqin in the same period.
Casualties.
Some 105,000 people died during the war.
Aftermath.
In the following years, the Iraaqi government overcame its internal divisions and concluded a treaty of friendship with the Soviet Union in April 1972 and ended its isolation within the Arab world. On the other hand, Kurds remained dependent on the Iranian military support and could do little to strengthen their forces. By 1974 the situation in the north escalated again into the Second Kurdish Iraqi War, which lasted until 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="31124119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124119" title="Social stigma of obesity">
Social stigma of obesity

The social stigma of obesity has created negative psychosocial impacts and has caused disadvantages for overweight and obese people. The social stigma often spans one's entire life, starting from a young age and lasting into adulthood. Several studies from the United States along with studies from the University of Marburg and University of Leipzig have shown that some people consider obese people as weak-willed, lazy, and less intelligent compared to their thinner counterparts.
Adulthood.
Overweight and obese people marry less often, have fewer educational and employment opportunities, and on average earn a lesser income than thin people.

</doc>
<doc id="31124129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124129" title="Françoise Tulkens">
Françoise Tulkens

Françoise Tulkens (born 12 September 1942) is a Belgian lawyer and expert in criminal and penal law, and Vice-President of the European Court of Human Rights. She has been a member of the Court since 1998, Section President since 2007 and Vice-President since February 2011.
Early life.
Tulkens was born in Brussels, the capital of Belgium. She studied Law, earning a doctorate in 1965 and practising at the Bar until 1968, when she was appointed Research Fellow with the Belgian National Fund for Scientific Research ("Fonds National de la Recherche Scientifique"). She was awarded the "agrégation" (higher education teaching qualification) in 1976 and the same year took up a post as Professor of Law in the Université catholique de Louvain (French-speaking Catholic University of Louvain at Louvain-la-Neuve), where she remained until her appointment as a permanent judge at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg.
Career.
Alongside her post at the Université catholique de Louvain, Tulkens was Chairwoman of the Scientific Committee of the European Law-making Research Group ("Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Paris") from 1993 to 1998 and editor-in-chief of the journal, "Revue internationale de droit pénal", from 1994 to 1998. From 1996 to 1997, she was an "Expert" for the European Committee for the Prevention of Torture. She has also been a Visiting Professor at the Universities of Geneva, Ottawa, Paris I (Pantheon-Sorbonne) and Rennes.
On 1 November 1998, she became a Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Belgium. She was elected a Section President in 2007 and on 1 February 2011 became one of two Vice-Presidents of the Court, along with the British judge, Sir Nicolas Bratza, and under French President Jean-Paul Costa. She retired from the European Court in September 2012 and was appointed a member of the Human Rights Advisory Panel of the United Nations Mission in Kosovo.
The board of governors of the King Baudouin Foundation is chaired by baroness Françoise Tulkens.

</doc>
<doc id="31124130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124130" title="Maurice Mierau">
Maurice Mierau

Maurice Mierau (born January 22, 1962) is a full-time Canadian writer of non-fiction and poetry. Though he was born in Bloomington, Indiana, Maurice Mierau grew up in Nigeria, Manitoba, Jamaica, Kansas and Saskatchewan. Mierau currently lives with his family in Winnipeg, Manitoba and from 2006-2008 he was president of the League of Canadian poets.
Mierau's main interests are history, violence, language and music. Before becoming a writer, Mierau spent more than a decade selling computers and working as a technical writer in the information technology field. Maurice holds an MA in English Literature from the University of Manitoba. When interviewed about his writing, Mierau stated: "I hate writing first drafts, but without them, nothing gets done. After the first draft, I love to re-write and work with structural and narrative devices." Further, Mierau tells new writers to : "Read deeply. Read a lot. Don't worry about publishing. Take notes. Re-read. Learn a foreign language."
Literary career.
Maurice Mierau began writing informally at the age of nine as a way to express himself. With inspiration from the Bible and music, he has published two poetry books: Fear Not in 2008 and Ending with Music in 2002. In 2005 he was asked by The Manitoba Lung Association to write Memoir of a Living Disease for their tuberculosis treatment program. In 1988-90 Maurice was review editor for "Prairie Fire Magazine" and in 1990 was the founding editor of "Prairie Book World", currently known as, "Prairie Books Now". From 2002-2006 Mierau taught technical writing in the Business Computing Department at the University of Winnipeg. From the years 2005-2008 he worked as a poet and teacher in “The Artists in the Schools” program and had residencies in four Winnipeg high schools. He was a poetry editor for "Geez (magazine)" from 2007–2010 and also co-editor for "Contemporary Verse 2" through the same years. In 2008 Maurice served as a mentor for an emerging poet in the “Manitoba Writer’s Guild” mentor-ship program and again in 2011. From 2009-2010 he was a writer in residence at the Winnipeg Public Library. He presently works as a poetry co-editor for CV2 magazine, as the editor of the online literary magazine "The Winnipeg Review", and as an associate editor for "Enfield & Wizenty".
Writing Style.
In Mierau’s first book of poetry, "Ending with Music", he uses a conventional poetic form which is not unique other than in content and style. The poems in "Ending with Music" tell the stories of events and people. The poetry, though dealing with generally conventional subject matter, has a slight stylistic twist to it. The poems have a unique perspective which at first might not be recognized and which alter the reader’s perceptions of the stories in subtle ways. These poems are at times darkly humorous, heart wrenching, or illuminating and fulfilling. Mierau’s most radical work is "Fear Not", his second book of poetry. This book takes the form of many poems which are all connected by form. The book is written as if it is a collection of biblical psalms; however the subject matter and literary style could not be less biblical. Mierau uses techniques such as irony and juxtaposition to intensify the messages and experience of his writing. The juxtaposition is one of form and style against content. Mierau’s poems are well crafted and lyrical and unfailingly mirror the ancient biblical form of the psalm, yet they are dealing with the harsh realities of a modern world and are unrelentingly accurate in describing the human experience.
Works.
Poetry.
"Ending With Music" (2002).
Ending With Music,Maurice Mierau's first book was published by Brick Books in 2002. The book is a collection of poems that deal with themes of violence, suicide, martyrdom, music, and pop culture. These themes are explored through the lens of Anabaptist and Mennonite history, as framed by the book "Martyr's Mirror". In other poems he looks at the plight of Mennonite farmers in Saskatchewan during the 1930s and his own family's experience of fleeing from the Ukraine near the end of World War 2.
Other poems in the book examine historical figures like Louis Armstrong and Lenny Breau, highlighting the immortalizing effect of artistic expression.
The style is influenced by some writers, particularly Patrick Friesen and Robert Kroetsch. In Ending With Music the poetic style tends to be unadorned, while there is some use of sonnets and rhyming schemes.
"Fear Not" (2008).
Fear Not, published by Turnstone Press in 2008, is a collection of poems that parody the self-help topics in the Gideon Bible. The poems intermingle biblical passages with contemporary self-help and advertising language. Poems are based upon the directory at the end of the Gideon Bible that suggests readings based on the readers state of mind, such as “Tempted to Lie”. Although based on the Gideon Bible the subject matter of the poems often diverge to reference pop culture, the holocaust and his family. Formally, this book represents a significant stylistic departure from his first book,"Ending with Music". The poems are set up in two columns, like the King James Bible but use traditional formal shapes of English poetry (sonnet, sestina, nonce form).
Non-fiction.
"Memoir of a Living Disease" (2005).
Memoir of a Living Disease, published by Great Plains Publication in 2005, is a non-fiction history of the treatment and current impact of tuberculosis in the world, focusing on Manitoba. The book deals with a First Nations community that had one of the highest rates of tuberculosis infection in Canada, a result of poverty and sub-standard housing. The book includes interviews with about 60 front-line tuberculosis researchers and medical practitioners.
The book was commissioned by the Manitoban chapter of the Canadian Lung Association for their tuberculosis treatment program.
Works in Progress.
Maurice Mierau is currently working on two books: a book of poetry titled Six, and another non-fiction book about his father's escape to Canada from the Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="31124138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124138" title="Longtancunella">
Longtancunella

Longtancunella is a genus of problematic brachiopod from the Lower Cambrian Chengjiang Lagerstätte. Its pedicle, which resembles the modern Chileates', is often preserved; the organisms often live in clusters of around a dozen attached to the same basal object (usually a shell or exoskeleton).

</doc>
<doc id="31124148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124148" title="Graeme (surname)">
Graeme (surname)

Graeme is an English-language surname. It is a habitational name, derived from Grantham in Lincolnshire, England. 

</doc>
<doc id="31124154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124154" title="Coris monspeliensis">
Coris monspeliensis

Coris monspeliensis is a plant species in the genus "Coris".

</doc>
<doc id="31124187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124187" title="Metal ions in aqueous solution">
Metal ions in aqueous solution

A metal ion in aqueous solution (aqua ion) is a cation, dissolved in water, of chemical formula [M(H2O)n]z+. The solvation number, "n", determined by a variety of experimental methods is 4 for Li+ and Be2+ and 6 for elements in periods 3 and 4 of the periodic table. Lanthanide and actinide aqua ions have solvation number of 8 and 9. The strength of the bonds between the metal ion and water molecules in the primary solvation shell increases with the electrical charge, "z", on the metal ion and decreases as its radius, "r", increases. Aqua ions are subject to hydrolysis. The logarithm of the first hydrolysis constant is proportional to "z"2/"r" for most aqua ions. The aqua ion is associated, through hydrogen bonding with other water molecules in a secondary solvation shell. Water molecules in the first hydration shell exchange with molecules in the second solvation shell and molecules in the bulk liquid. The residence time of a molecule in the first shell varies among the chemical elements from about 100 ps to more than 200 y. Aqua ions are prominent in electrochemistry.
Introduction to metal aqua ions.
Most chemical elements are metallic and form simple aqua ions with the formula when the oxidation state is 1, 2 or 3. With the higher oxidation states the simple aqua ions dissociate losing hydrogen ions to yield complexes that contain both water molecules and hydroxide or oxide ions, such as the vanadium(IV) species [VO(H2O)52+. In the highest oxidation state only oxyanions, such as the permanganate(VII) ion, MnO4- are known.
In aqueous solution the water molecules directly attached to the metal ion are said to belong to the first coordination sphere, also known as the first, or primary, solvation shell. The bond between a water molecule and the metal ion is a dative covalent bond, with the oxygen atom donating both electrons to the bond. Each coordinated water molecule may be attached by hydrogen bonds to other water molecules. The latter are said to reside in the second coordination sphere. The second coordination sphere is not a well defined entity for ions with charge 1 or 2. In dilute solutions it merges into the water structure in which there is an irregular network of hydrogen bonds between water molecules. With tripositive ions the high charge on the cation polarizes the water molecules in the first solvation shell to such an extent that they form strong enough hydrogen bonds with molecules in the second shell to form a more stable entity.
The strength of the metal-oxygen bond can be estimated in various ways. The hydration enthalpy, though based indirectly on experimental measurements, is the most reliable measure. The scale of values is based on an arbitrarily chosen zero, but this does not affect differences between the values for two metals. Other measures include the M-O vibration frequency and the M-O bond length. The strength of the M-O bond tends to increase with the charge and decrease as the size of the metal ion increases. In fact there is a very good linear correlation between hydration enthalpy and the ratio of charge squared to ionic radius, z2/r. For ions in solution Shannon's "effective ionic radius" is the measure most often used.
Water molecules in the first and second solvation shells can exchange places. The rate of exchange varies enormously, depending on the metal and its oxidation state. Metal aqua ions are always accompanied in solution by solvated anions, but much less is known about anion solvation than about cation solvation.
Understanding of the nature of aqua ions is helped by having information on the nature of solvated cations in mixed solvents and non-aqueous solvents, such as liquid ammonia, methanol, dimethyl formamide and dimethyl sulphoxide to mention a few.
Occurrence in nature.
Aqua ions are present in most natural waters. Na+, K+, Mg2+ and Ca2+ are major constituents of seawater.
Many other aqua ions are present in seawater in concentrations ranging from ppm to ppt. The concentrations of sodium, potassium, magnesium and calcium in blood are similar to those of seawater. Blood also has lower concentrations of essential elements such as iron and zinc. Sports drink is designed to be isotonic and also contains the minerals which are lost in perspiration.
Magnesium and calcium ions are common constituents of domestic water and are responsible for permanent and temporary hardness, respectively. They are often found in mineral water.
Experimental methods.
Information obtained on the nature of ions in solution varies with the nature of the experimental method used. Some methods reveal properties of the cation directly, others reveal properties that depend on both cation and anion. Some methods supply information of a static nature, a kind of snapshot of average properties, others give information about the dynamics of the solution.
Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR).
Ions for which the water-exchange rate is slow on the NMR time-scale give separate peaks for molecules in the first solvation shell and for other water molecules. The solvation number is obtained as a ratio of peak areas. Here it refers to the number of water molecules in the first solvation shell. Molecules in the second solvation shell exchange rapidly with solvent molecules, giving rise to a small change in the chemical shift value of un-coordinated water molecules from that of water itself. The main disadvantage of this method is that it requires fairly concentrated solutions, with the associated risk of ion-pair formation with the anion.
X-ray diffraction (XRD).
A solution containing an aqua ion does not have the long-range order that would be present in a crystal containing the same ion, but there is short-range order. X-ray diffraction on solutions yields a radial distribution function from which the coordination number of the metal ion and metal-oxygen distance may be derived. With aqua ions of high charge some information is obtained about the second solvation shell.
This technique requires the use of relatively concentrated solutions. X-rays are scatted by electrons, so scattering power increases with atomic number. This makes hydrogen atoms all but invisible to X-ray scattering.
Large angle X-ray scattering has been used to characterize the second solvation shell with trivalent ions such as Cr3+ and Rh3+. The second hydration shell of Cr3+ was found to have 13 ± 1 molecules at an average distance of 402 ± 20 pm. This implies that every molecule in the first hydration shell is hydrogen bonded to two molecules in the second shell.
Neutron diffraction.
Diffraction by neutrons also give a radial distribution function. In contrast to X-ray diffraction, neutrons are scatted by nuclei and there is no relationship with atomic number. Indeed, use can be made of the fact that different isotopes of the same element can have widely different scattering powers. In a classic experiment, measurements were made on four nickel chloride solutions using the combinations of 58Ni, 60Ni, 35Cl and 37Cl isotopes to yield a very detailed picture of cation and anion solvation. Data for a number of metal salts show some dependence on the salt concentration.
Most of these data refer to concentrated solutions in which there are very few water molecules that are not in the primary hydration spheres of the cation or anion, which may account for some of the variation of solvation number with concentration even if there is no contact ion-pairing. The angle θ gives the angle of tilt of the water molecules relative to a plane in the aqua ion. This angle is affected by the hydrogen bonds formed between water molecules in the primary and secondary solvation shells.
The measured solvation number is a time-averaged value for the solution as a whole. When a measured primary solvation number is fractional there are two or more species with integral solvation numbers present in equilibrium with each other. This also applies to solvation numbers that are integral numbers, within experimental error. For example, the solvation number of 5.5 for a lithium chloride solution could be interpreted as being due to presence of two different aqua ions with equal concentrations.
Another possibility is that there is interaction between a solvated cation and an anion, forming an ion-pair.This is particularly relevant when measurements are made on concentrated salt solutions. For example, a solvation number of 3 for a lithium chloride solution could be interpreted as being due to the equilibrium
lying wholly in favour of the ion-pair.
Vibrational spectra.
Infrared spectra and Raman spectra can be used to measure the M-O stretching frequency in metal aqua ions. Raman spectroscopy is particularly useful because the Raman spectrum of water is weak whereas the infrared spectrum of water is intense. Interpretation of the vibration frequencies is somewhat complicated by the presence, in octahedral and tetrahedral ions, of two vibrations, a symmetric one measured in the Raman spectrum and an anti-symmetric one, measured in the infrared spectrum.
Although the relationship between vibration frequency and force constant is not simple, the general conclusion that can be taken from these data is that the strength of the M-O bond increases with increasing ionic charge and decreasing ionic size. The M-O stretching frequency of an aqua ion in solution may be compared with its counterpart in a crystal of known structure. If the frequencies are very similar it can be concluded that the coordination number of the metal ion is the same in solution as it is in a compound in the solid state.
Dynamic methods.
Data such as conductivity, mobility and diffusion relate to the movement of ions through as solution. When an ion moves through a solution it tends to take both first and second solvation shells with it. Hence solvation numbers measured from dynamic properties tend to be much higher that those obtained from static properties.
Solvation numbers and structures.
Alkali metals.
Solvation numbers of 3 - 6 have been found for lithium aqua ions. Solvation numbers less than 4 may be the result of the formation of contact ion-pairs. The higher solvation numbers may be interpreted in terms of water molecules that approach [Li(H2O)4]+ through a face of the tetrahedron, though molecular dynamic simulations may indicate the existence of an octahedral aqua ion. There are most probably six water molecules in the primary solvation sphere of the sodium ion. For potassium, rubidium and cesium even the primary solvation shell is not well defined.
Alkaline earth metals.
has a very well-defined primary solvation shell; The BeO4 part has tetrahedral symmetry, Td. [Mg(H2O)62+ is also a well-characterized species, with an octahedral core. The situation for calcium is more complicated. Neutron diffraction data gave a solvation number for calcium chloride, CaCl2, which is strongly dependent on concentration: 10.0 ± 0.6 at 1 mol dm−3, decreasing to 6.4± 0.3 at 2.8 mol dm−3. The Shannon radius of the 6-coordinate calcium ion is 100 pm compared to 72 pm for magnesium, a 28% increase in size. This allows for higher aquation numbers and the lower charge density (z2/r) results in weaker M-O bonds, which makes ion-pairing easier. Various solid hydrates are known with 8-coordination in square antiprism and dodecahedral geometry.
Aluminium and Group 3 metals.
By convention aluminium is placed in group 13, with gallium, indium and thallium. Nevertheless a comparison of aluminium and scandium aqua ions illustrates a trend between the congeners Na+/K+, Mg2+/Ca2+ and Al3+/Sc3+ which depends on the increase in size on going from row 3 to row 4 in the periodic table. Shannon radii for 6-coordinate Al3+ and Sc3+ are 54 and 74.5 pm. Ga3+ has a Shannon radius of 62 pm, only about 13% larger than that of Al3+. This is due to the presence of the ten elements between scandium and gallium, which make an additional contribution to the general decrease in size across all rows of the periodic table. The aluminium aqua ion, [Al(H2O)6]3+ is very well characterized in solution and the solid state. The AlO6 core has octahedral symmetry, point group Oh.
There is now a substantial body of indirect evidence that seven molecules of water are present in the aqua ion of scandium, Sc3+. Yttrium(III) has approximately the same Shannon radius as holmium(III) so Y3+ has very similar properties to those of Ho3+, so its aqua ion is probably 8-coordinate. The Lanthanum aqua ion is probably 9-coordinate, as are those of the lighter lanthanides.
Transition metals and group 12 metals.
The ions of these metals in the +2 and +3 oxidation states have a solvation number of 6. All have a regular octahedral structure except the aqua ions of chromium(II) and copper(II) which are subject to Jahn-Teller distortion. In the copper case the two axial Cu−O distances are 238 pm, whereas the four equatorial Cu−O distances are 195 pm. Silver(I) is probably 4-coordinate, [Ag(H2O)4]+.
A solvation number of 6 with an octahedral structure is well established for zinc(II) and cadmium(II) in dilute solutions. In concentrated solutions the Zn2+ ion may adopt a 4-coordinate, tetrahedral, structure, but the evidence is not conclusive because of the possibility of ion-pairing and/or hydrolysis. The solvation number of mercury(II) is most likely to be 6.
The bis aqua structure of the mercury(I) ion,[(H2O)-Hg-Hg-(OH2]+, found in solid compounds, is also found in solution. Another aqua species in which there is a metal-metal bond is the molybdenum(II) species formulated as [(H4O)-Mo-Mo-(OH4]4+ on the basis of theoretical considerations of the nature of the Mo-Mo bond. Each molybdenum is surrounded by four water molecules in a square-planar arrangement, in a structure similar to that of the known structure of the chloro complex [Mo2Cl8]4-. The presence of a fifth water molecule in the axial position is not ruled out, however.
There are a few divalent and trivalent aqua ions of transition metals in the second and third transition series. With oxidation state 4, however, only hydrolyzed species exist.
Group 13-15 metals.
The aqua ions of gallium(III) and indium(III) and thallium(III)have a solvation number of 6. The aqua ion of thallium(I) is often assumed to be 6-coordinate, but this assumption is not based on strong experimental evidence. The Shannon radius of Tl+, at 150 pm, is not very different from that of K+, at 138 pm, so some similarity between Tl+ and K+ chemistry is both expected and observed.
The solvation number of the tin(II) aqua ion, [Sn(H2O)n]2+ is not known with any certainty due to the presence of hydrolysis in the concentrated solutions needed for X-ray scattering measurements. The same is true for the lead(II) aqua ion. With bismuth(III) there is indirect evidence for a solvation number of 9. A nonahydrate is been characterized in the solid state, with a face-capped trigonal prism structure. The Shannon radius for 9-coordinate bismuth (115 pm) is comparable to that of neodymium (116.3 pm) for which a solvation number of 9 is well-established.
Lanthanides and actinides.
The trivalent lanthanide ions decrease steadily in size from lanthanum to lutetium, an effect known as the lanthanide contraction. Nevertheless there is strong evidence that the hydration number changes from 9 to 8 at around gadolinium. Structures of aqua ions in the solid state include the 9-coordinate tricapped trigonal prism structure with the lighter lanthanide ions and the 8-coordinate square antiprism structure with the heavier lanthanide ions.There are no experimental data for the solvation state of cerium(IV) or europium(II).
Solvation numbers of 9 or more a believed to apply the actinide ions in the +3 and +4 oxidation states, but an experimental value is available only for thorium(IV).
Oxo-aqua-cations.
Some elements in oxidation states higher than 3 form stable, aquated, oxo ions. Well known examples are the vanadyl(IV) and uranyl(VI) ions. They can be viewed as particularly stable hydrolysis products in a hypothetical reaction such as
The vanadium has a distorted octahedral environment (point group C4v) of one oxide ion and 5 water molecules. Vanadium(V) is believed to exist as the dioxo-ion at pH less than 2, but the evidence for this ion depends on the formation of complexes, such as oxalate complexes which have been shown to have the VO2+ unit, with "cis"-VO bonds, in the solid state. The chromium(IV) ion [CrO(H2O)52+, similar to the vanadium ion has been proposed on the basis of indirect evidence.
The uranyl ion, UO22+, has a "trans" structure. The aqua ion UO22+(aq) has been assumed, on the basis of indirect evidence, to have 5 water molecules in the plane perpendicular to the O-U-O axis in a pentagonal bipyramid structure, point group D5h. However it is also possible that there are 6 water molecules in the equatorial plane, hexagonal bipyramid, point group D6h, as many complexes with this structure are known. The solvation state of the plutonyl ion, PuO22+, is not known.
Thermodynamics.
The main goal of thermodynamics in this context is to derive estimates of single-ion thermodynamic quantities such as hydration enthalpy and hydration entropy. These quantities relate to the reaction
The enthalpy for this reaction is not directly measurable, because all measurements use salt solutions that contain both cation and anion. Most experimental measurements relate to the heat evolved when a salt dissolves in water, which gives the sum of cation and anion solvation enthalpies. Then, by considering the data for different anions with the same cation and different cations with the same anion, single ion values relative to an arbitrary zero, are derived.
Other values include Zn2+ -2044.3, Cd2+ -1805.8 and Ag+ -475.3 kJ mol−1.
There is an excellent linear correlation between hydration enthalpy and the ratio of charge squared, z2, to M-O distance, reff.
Values for transition metals are affected by crystal field stabilization. The general trend is shown by the magenta line which passes through Ca2+, Mn2+ and Zn2+, for which there is no stabilization in an octahedral crystal field. Hydration energy increases as size decreases. Crystal field splitting confers extra stability on the aqua ion. The maximum crystal field stabilization energy occurs at Ni2+. The agreement of the hydration enthalpies with predictions provided one basis for the general acceptance of crystal field theory.
The hydration enthalpies of the trivalent lanthanide ions show an increasingly negative values at atomic number increases, in line with the decrease in ionic radius known as the lanthanide contraction.
Single ion hydration entropy can be derived. Values are shown in the following table. The more negative the value, the more there is ordering in forming the aqua ion. It is notable that the heavy alkali metals have rather small entropy values which suggests that both the first and second solvation shells are somewhat indistinct.
Hydrolysis of aqua ions.
There are two ways of looking at an equilibrium involving hydrolysis of an aqua ion. Considering the dissociation equilibrium
the activity of the hydrolysis product, omitting the water molecules, is given by
The alternative is to write the equilibrium as a complexation or substitution reaction
In which case
The concentration of hydrogen and hydroxide ions are related by the self-ionization of water, Kw = {H+} {OH-} so the two equilibrium constants are related as
In practice the first definition is more useful because equilibrium constants are determined from measurements of hydrogen ion concentrations. In general,
charges are omitted for the sake of generality and activities have been replaced by concentrations. formula_5 are cumulative hydrolysis constants.
Modeling the hydrolysis reactions that occur in solution is usually based on the determination of equilibrium constants from potentiometric (pH) titration data. The process is far from straightforward for a variety of reasons. Sometimes the species in solution can be precipitated as salts and their structure confirmed by X-ray crystallography. In other cases, precipitated salts bear no relation to what is postulated to be in solution, because a particular crystalline substances may have both low solubility and very low concentration in the solutions.
First hydrolysis constant.
The logarithm of hydrolysis constant, K1,-1, for the removal of one proton from an aqua ion
shows a linear relationship with the ratio of charge to M-O distance, z/d. Ions fall into four groups. The slope of the straight line is the same for all groups, but the intercept, A, is different.
The cations most resistant to hydrolysis for their size and charge are hard pre-transition metal ions or lanthanide ions. The slightly less resistant group includes the transition metal ions. The third group contains mostly soft ions ion of post-transition metals. The ions which show the strongest tendency to hydrolyze for their charge and size are Pd2+, Sn2+ and Hg2+.
The standard enthalpy change for the first hydrolysis step is generally not very different from that of the dissociation of pure water. Consequently, the standard enthalpy change for the substitution reaction
is close to zero. This is typical of reactions between a hard cation and a hard anion, such as the hydroxide ion. It means that the standard entropy charge is the major contributor to the standard free energy change and hence the equilibrium constant.
The change in ionic charge is responsible for the effect as the aqua ion has a greater ordering effect on the solution than the less highly charged hydroxo complex.
Multiple hydrolysis reactions.
The hydrolysis of beryllium shows many of the characteristics typical of multiple hydrolysis reactions. The concentrations of various species, including polynuclear species with bridging hydroxide ions, change as a function of pH up to the precipitation of an insoluble hydroxide. Beryllium hydrolysis is unusual in that the concentration of is too low to be measured. Instead a trimer ([Be3(H2O)6(OH3))3+ is formed, whose structure has been confirmed in solid salts. The formation of polynuclear species is driven by the reduction in charge density within the molecule as a whole. The local environment of the beryllium ions approximates to [Be(H2O)2(OH)2+. The reduction in effective charge releases free energy in the form of a decrease of the entropy of ordering at the charge centers.
The hydrolysis product of aluminium formulated as [Al13O4(OH)24(H2O)12]7+ is very well characterized and may be present in nature in water at pH ca. 5.4.
The overall reaction for the loss of two protons from an aqua ion can be written as
However, the equilibrium constant for the loss of two protons applies equally well to the equilibrium
because the concentration of water is assumed to be constant. This applies in general: any equilibrium constant is equally valid for a product with an oxide ion as for the product with two hydroxyl ions. The two possibilities can only be distinguished by determining the structure of a salt in the solid state. Oxo bridges tend to occur when the metal oxidation state is high. An example is provided by the molybdenum(IV) complex [Mo3O4(H2O)9]4+ in which there is a triangle of molybdenum atoms joined by σ- bonds with an oxide bridge on each edge of the triangle and a fourth oxide which bridges to all three Mo atoms.
Oxyanions.
There are very few oxo-aqua ions of metals in the oxidation state +5 or higher. Rather, the species found in aqueous solution are monomeric and polymeric oxyanions. Oxyanions can be viewed as the end products of hydrolysis, in which there are no water molecules attached to the metal, only oxide ions.
Exchange kinetics.
A water molecule in the first solvation shell of an aqua ion may exchange places with a water molecule in the bulk solvent. It is usually assumed that the rate-determining step is a dissociation reaction.
The * symbol signifies that this is the transition state in a chemical reaction. The rate of this reaction is proportional to the concentration of the aqua ion, .
The proportionality constant, "k", is called a first-order rate constant at temperature T. The unit of the rate constant for water exchange is usually taken as mol dm−3s−1. The half-life for this reaction is equal to loge2 / k. This measure is useful because it is independent of concentration. It has the dimension of time. The quantity 1/k, equal to the half life divided by 0.6932, is known as the residence time or time constant.
The residence time for water exchange varies from about 10−10 s for Cs+ to about 10+10 s (more than 200 y) for Ir3+. It depends on factors such as the size and charge on the ion and, in the case of transition metal ions, crystal field effects. Very fast and very slow reactions are difficult to study. The most information on the kinetics a water exchange comes from systems with a residence time between about 1 μs and 1 s. The enthalpy and entropy of activation, ΔH‡ and ΔS‡ can be obtained by observing the variation of rate constant with temperature.
The kinetic parameters for aqua ions of the transition metals are affected by crystal field stabilization energy (CFSE) on both the aqua ion and its dissociation product which has one less water molecule in the primary solvation shell. This explains the inertness (long residence time) of Cr3+, which has an octahedral structure and a d3 electronic configuration and Rh3+ and Ir3+ which are also octahedral and have a low-spin d6 configuration. Trivalent ions have longer residence time than divalent ions, except for the very large lanthanide ions. The values in the table show that this is due to both activation enthalpy and entropy factors.
Mechanisms.
The assignment of mechanisms to the water exchange reaction has not yet been made unambiguously. The simple dissociation mechanism needs to be modified to take into account the presence of a second solvation shell. In all cases exchange between molecules in the second shell and bulk water is fast compared to the rate-determining step.
Three possible mechanism arise.
This classification represents extreme cases; the actual mechanism may have something of an intermediate nature. The most useful parameter for distinguishing between possible mechanism is the activation volume change, ΔV‡, which is obtained from the pressure variation of the rate constant.
The activation volume increases for dissociative mechanisms and decreases for associative mechanisms.
Formation of complexes.
Metal aqua ions are often involved in the formation of complexes. The reaction may be written as
In reality this is a substitution reaction in which one or more water molecules from the first hydration shell of the metal ion are replaced by ligands, L. The complex is described as an inner-sphere complex. A complex such as (p-q)+ may be described as a contact ion pair.
When the water molecule(s) of the second hydration shell are replaced by ligands, the complex is said to be an outer-sphere complex, or solvent-shared ion pair. The formation of solvent-shared or contact ion pairs is particularly relevant to the determination of solvation numbers of aqua ions by methods that require the use of concentrated solutions of salts, as ion-pairing is concentration dependent. Consider, for example, the formation of the complex in solutions of MgCl2. The formation constant, K, of the complex is about 1 but varies with ionic strength. The concentration of the rather weak complex increases from about 0.1% for a 10mM solution to about 70% for a 1M solution (1M = 1 mol dm−3).
Electrochemistry.
The standard electrode potential for the half-cell equilibrium Mz+ + z M("s") has been measured for all metals except for the heaviest trans-uranium elements.
As the standard electrode potential is more negative the aqua ion is more difficult to reduce. For example, comparing the potentials for zinc (-0.75 V) with those of iron (Fe(II) -0.47 V, Fe(III) -0.06 V) it is seen that iron ions are more easily reduced than zinc ions. This is the basis for using zinc to provide anodic protection for large structures made of iron or to protect small structures by galvanization.

</doc>
<doc id="31124205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124205" title="Radical 35">
Radical 35

Radical 35 meaning "go slowly" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 23 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31124221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124221" title="ArabCrunch">
ArabCrunch

ArabCrunch (Arabic: عرب كرنش) is a Jordanian technology news blog based at Amman, Jordan. The blog covers Arab technology startups. 
Affiliations.
ArabCrunch is affiliated with other websites. As of March 8, 2010, these include:

</doc>
<doc id="31124226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124226" title="Maxim Maksimov">
Maxim Maksimov

Maxim Gennadyevich Maksimov (, born September 6, 1979 in Izhevsk) is a Russian biathlete.

</doc>
<doc id="31124231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124231" title="United States House of Representatives elections in New York, 1854">
United States House of Representatives elections in New York, 1854

The 1854 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held on November 7, 1854, to elect 33 U.S. Representatives to represent the State of New York in the United States House of Representatives of the 34th United States Congress, and two representatives to fill vacancies in the 33rd United States Congress.
Background.
33 U.S. Representatives had been elected in November 1852 to a term in the 33rd United States Congress, beginning on March 4, 1853. Gilbert Dean was appointed to the New York Supreme Court and resigned his seat on July 3, 1854; Gerrit Smith resigned his seat on August 7, 1854; leaving vacancies in the 12th and the 22nd District. The other representatives' term would end on March 3, 1855. The elections were held with the annual State election on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November, about four months before the congressional term began, and a little more than a year before Congress actually met on December 3, 1855.
Congressional districts.
The geographical area of the congressional districts remained the same as at the previous elections in 1852, which were apportioned by the New York State Legislature on July 10, 1851. In 1854, the City of Williamsburgh was annexed by the City of Brooklyn, and became the 13th through 16th Ward of Brooklyn. It is unclear if the annexation happened before or after this election.
Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. Bronx and Nassau counties had not yet been established. The area of the Bronx was at this time in Westchester County; and the area of Nassau in Queens County.
Result.
25 Whigs, 4 Softs, 3 Know Nothings and 1 Hard were elected to the 34th Congress; and 2 Whigs were elected to fill the vacancies in the 33rd Congress. The incumbents Wheeler, Sage, Simmons, Matteson, Bennett, Morgan, Oliver, Pringle, Flagler and Haven were re-elected; the incumbents Walsh, Hughes, Hastings, Carpenter and Fenton were defeated.
Note: For candidates running on more than one ticket, the number of votes is the total polled on all tickets.
Aftermath.
Isaac Teller and Henry C. Goodwin took their seats in the 33rd United States Congress at the beginning of the second session on December 4, 1854.
The House of Representatives of the 34th United States Congress met for the first time at the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C., on December 3, 1855. Thomas Child, Jr., never took his seat, due to a prolonged illness.
Orsamus B. Matteson resigned his seat on February 27, 1857; and Francis S. Edwards and William A. Gilbert resigned on February 28. The three seats remained vacant for the remaining days of this Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="31124262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124262" title="James Ralph Nthinda Chinyama">
James Ralph Nthinda Chinyama

James Ralph Nthinda Chinyama was a leading member of the Nyasaland African Congress (NAC) during the period of British colonial rule in Nyasaland, which became the independent state of Malawi in 1964.
Early years.
Chinyami was the son of Filipo Chinyama, who had been executed for leading the Ntcheu arm of the 1915 uprising led by John Chilembwe.
He became an independent tobacco grower and businessman in the Lilongwe District of the Central Province.
In 1927, Chinyama helped George Simon Mwase to found the Central Province Native Association.
By 1933, Chinyami was leader of the Native Association of Lilongwe, which had been formed to represent the views of the indigenous people of the area to the colonial administration.
In 1950, Chinyama was President of the African Farmers Association, which represented the interests of the most prosperous farm owners.
NAC President.
The Nyasaland African Congress, an umbrella organization for Native Associations launched in 1943, had been struggling due to a dispute with the President, Charles Matinga. In January 1950, Matinga was expelled due to suspected misuse of funds.
Chinyama was elected President of the NAC at a meeting in Mzimba in August 1950. James Frederick Sangala was elected Vice-President. Chinyama's election marked a turning point in the composition of the Congress, with prosperous farmers and small businessmen taking the place of the civil servants, clergy and teachers who until then had led the movement.
After the meeting, Chinyami organized a tour of the Central and Southern provinces to publicize the Congress.
In a meeting in London in April and May 1952, the British formed a plan to combine Nyasaland with Southern Rhodesia and Northern Rhodesia to form the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. Chinyama and other Africans were invited to attend, but only as observers. They declined the offer.
In 1953 the new federation came into being.
It was deeply unpopular with NAC members, who saw it as a betrayal of the compact under which the Colonial Office would place the interests of Africans first in Nyasaland. Some of the younger members of the Congress called for radical protests. Chinyama, perhaps remembering the Chilembwe rising of 1915 which had led to his father's death, held back. Rioting and non-cooperation was ruthlessly suppressed, with an official death toll of eleven.
Chinyama publicly condemned the riots, not wanting the NAC to be associated with them. 
Chinyama resigned from his position and was replaced by James Sangala in January 1954.
Later years.
In 1956 under a new constitution the Legislative Council was to consist of eleven officials and eleven non-officials. Of the non-officials, five were Africans chosen by the three Provincial Councils. Chinyama was one of those chosen.
In 1959, Hastings Banda had assumed the leadership of the Congress and was making populist speeches around the country that were to lead to his arrest later in the year. Chinyama was considered by this time to be a "quisling" for having cooperated with the colonial government.
By September 1960, with elections being organized under universal suffrage as a step towards independence, Chinyama had passed into political oblivion.
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31124272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124272" title="Rio Grande do Sul gubernatorial election, 2010">
Rio Grande do Sul gubernatorial election, 2010

The state elections in Rio Grande do Sul in 2010 were held at the same time as Brazil's federal elections October 3. Since 1994, as a result of a constitutional amendment that reduced the presidential term to four years, all federal and state elections in Brazil are held on the same date. The state elections decide governors and the membership of the State Legislative Assemblies. Additionally, members of Congress are elected by the people of each state.
The Election.
The Democratic Labour Party (PDT) was divided between José Fogaça and Tarso Genro(supported by sectors linked to the City of Porto Alegre) and Tarso Genro (with the support of the Minister of Labour Carlos Lupi), decided to opt for Fogaça, since the party took over the City of Porto Alegre. The Progressive Party, which was divided between Beto Albuquerque, José Fogarty, Luis Augusto Lara and Yeda Crusius. O Partido Progressista, que estava dividido entre Beto Albuquerque, José Fogaça, Luís Augusto Lara e Yeda Crusius, decided to support the governor. The Socialist People's Party (PSP) by indicating that he had decided to support Yeda backtracked. According to the blog of journalist Polybius Braga, the Brazilian Republican Party (PRB) supported the reelection of Yeda Crusius. The Democrats (DEM) decided to integrate the candidacy of Luis Augusto Lara PTB. The Communist Party of Brazil (PCdoB) received proposals from the pre-applications for PT and the PSB, however, to support Mrs Manuela d'Ávila candidacy for mayor of Porto Alegre in 2012. The Progressive Party released the journalist Ana Amélia Lemos as a pre-candidate for the Senate. The PTB launched the candidacy of lawyer Luiz Francisco Correa Barbosa (Barbosinha) to the Senate. Jose Alberto Wenzel withdrew from the Senate race to run for a seat at the House of Representatives. Former vice-governor Vicente Bogo, journalist Adroaldo Streck and alternate state representative Mauro Sparta are the candidates of PSDB. Congressman Eliseu Padilha, aspirant to the Senate for the PMDB, dropped out of contention with Germano Rigotto. In the meeting, Congressman Beto Albuquerque announced that it is no longer pre-candidate for the State Government. The Brazilian Socialist Party (BSP) and Communist Party decided to support the candidacy of Genro. The socialist Grill Beto, former mayor and candidate for the State Government in 2006, is the candidate for lieutenant governor by the plate. The Republic Party, which had confirmed alliance with Lara, backtracked and decided to support Genro. The Communist Party chose Abigail Pereira, candidate for vice-mayor of Caxias do Sul in 2008 as a postulant to the Senate on the same plate of Paul Paim. After giving up the alliance with Yeda and have decided to support Luis Augusto Lara, the Socialist People's Party reattaches the alliance with the PSDB and indicates the running mate of Yeda. Ana Amélia Lemos is the only candidate for the Senate by the coalition. Luis Augusto Lara quit the application to the State Government by coalition PTB-DEM. The Christian Labour Party (PTC) withdrew the nomination of John Charles Robinson to the State Government to support Major Aroldo Medina, the Progressive Republican Party (PRP) . Medina ran for Governor of the State in 2002 by Liberal Party. The Christian Social Democratic Party (PSC) Humanist Party of Solidarity (PHS) and Labour Party of Brazil (PTdoB) closed alliance with Yeda Crusius. The PTB, which is related to the DEM for Federal, withdrew the candidacy of Luiz Barbosa Francisco for Senate. The Communist Party tried to make a deal with the PSOL, but without success. Without the alliance, the Communists launched Humberto Carvalho as a candidate for the State Government. The Brazilian Labour Renewal Party (PRTB) registered the candidacy of José Guterres to the State Government, but the party has denied the registration application TRE. Coalitions have names already: "Awakening" Farrukhabad,"Together" by the Rio Grande,"Popular Unity by Rio Grande" and"Rio Grande" Confirms. Five applications were made without presenting coalition: Charles Schneider, the Party of National Mobilization (PMN), Humberto Carvalho, PCB, Julio Flores, the Unified Socialist Workers' Party (PSTU), Montserrat Martins, the Green Party (PV) and Peter Streets, the Party of Socialism and Liberty (PSOL).

</doc>
<doc id="31124279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124279" title="Volleyball dig">
Volleyball dig

In the game of volleyball, the act of digging describes a pass of a hard-driven ball from the other team. In other words, digging is the act of stopping the ball from hitting your side of the court after the opposing team has either spiked or served it to your team. 
Digging is a prolific term of volleyball jargon in both the indoor and beach volleyball communities. Additionally, the term has gained some entry into the international lexicon through video games that use the term in their title. 

</doc>
<doc id="31124334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124334" title="M-1 Selection">
M-1 Selection

M-1 Selection is series of MMA competitions held by M-1 Global where the next generation of superstars are given the opportunity to showcase their skills on the world stage with fighters being eliminated after only one loss; victory will advance the winning fighters throughout the tournament and earn them a trip to the championship event where they will compete for a “M-1 Selection” title.

</doc>
<doc id="31124366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124366" title="Juliet Dunlop">
Juliet Dunlop

Juliet Dunlop is a Scottish freelance broadcast journalist. She previously appeared as a presenter for BBC News and STV News.
Career.
Before joining the BBC News channel in 2008, Dunlop fronted the interactive news headlines for the BBC's red button news service. She also presented daytime news updates on BBC One.
Dunlop joined STV in April 2011 as the main anchor for its new Edinburgh-based edition of the regional news programme "STV News at Six", which launched a month later. She also presents the weekday late bulletin for the East sub-region. Prior to the launch of the Edinburgh service, Dunlop co-anchored the station's overnight coverage of the Scottish Parliamentary elections in May 2011, alongside Bernard Ponsonby. She left STV during the spring of 2013.
In June 2013 Juliet Joined the Scotsman newspaper as a columnist. Juliet has also stood in for the Radio Scotland programme Call Kaye
External links.
julietdunlop.com

</doc>
<doc id="31124379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124379" title="Snare Books (publishing)">
Snare Books (publishing)

Snare Books (publishing) is a Canadian independent book publisher.
Founded in spring of 2006, and located in Montreal, Snare Books is a publisher of contemporary poetry and prose fiction. They make a point of publishing Canadian authors who specialize in experimental literature. Although their main focus is on poetry, Snare Books has more recently expanded to pushing a limited number of experimental novels and short stories.
History.
Snare Books, launched in the spring of 2006, was founded by Robert Allen and Jon Paul Fiorentino. With the death of Allen in the fall of 2006 Fiorentino became the owner, operator, publisher, and editor of the company. The reason behind starting this small Montreal based literary publishing company was due to the result of a discussion between Allen and Fiorentino based on Canadian literary arts. Through their work together on Matrix Magazine, they had developed a fan base consisting of young writers. Many of these writers had trouble getting their new, innovative and experimental manuscripts published. While other small publishing companies, similar to Snare Books, are moving on to publish commercial fiction, general fiction, and mainstream poetry, Snare Books believes that they are the home for the young, innovative poets and writers of Canada. After their launch in 2006, some of the first published works they produced included: Melissa Thompson's "Dreadful Paris", Zoe Whittall's "The Emily Valentine Poems", Angela Carr's "Ropewalk", and Jason Christie's "Canada Post".
Founders.
Robert Allen.
Robert Allen, born in 1946, died in November, 2006 just months after the founding of Snare Books. He is the author of three novels, nine poetry collections, and one work of short fiction. Allen was a mentor to co-founder and owner of Snare Books, Joe Paul Fiorentino. Robert Allen worked alongside Joe Paul Fiorentino at Matrix Magazine.
Jon Paul Fiorentino.
Jon Paul Fiorentino is currently a Concordia University Professor in the Department of English. He received his undergraduate degree in English Literature at the University of Winnipeg. He fulfilled his Honours and Distinction Bachelor of Arts in English and Creative Writing, as well as his Master of Arts in English Literature and Creative writing at Concordia University. Fiorentino was the Head Editor and Founder of "Dark Leisure Magazine" (1998–2000) and is the Editor-in-Chief of "Matrix Magazine". He has helped edit books for Insomniac Press, Conundrum Press, [http://www.cyclopspress.com/ Cyclops Press, and DC Books. He is the author of several poetry books such as "Indexical Elegies" (2010), "The Theory of the Loser Class" (2006), "Hello Serotonin" (2004), "Resume Drowning" (2002), and "Transcona Fragments" (2002). He is also the writer of the anthologies, "Career Suicide! Contemporary Literary Humour" (2003)," Asthmatica" (2005), as well as "Post Prairie" (2005), which included a collaborative work with Robert Kroetsch. His works, "Stripmalling", "The Theory of the Loser Class", "Transcona Fragments", and "Indexical Elegies", have been nominated and have received various awards.
The Robert Kroetsch Award for Innovative Poetry.
The Robert Kroetsch Award for Innovative Poetry, founded in 2006, is a not-for-profit contest with an award given to an emerging Canadian poet (2 books or less) by Snare Books once a year. The winner of the Robert Kroetsch Award for Innovative Poetry receives a contract with Snare Books, the publication of their winning piece, and a $500 honorary prize. Snare Books honours Kroetsch by awarding the annual Robert Kroetsch Award for Innovative Poetry.
Robert Kroetsch.
Robert Kroetsch, born in 1927, is a Canadian novelist, poet, and non-fiction writer. He has been called names like “The Father of Canadian Postmodernism”, “Mr. Canadian Postmodern and the “Prairie Poet”. Majority of his works have been received with praise and in 1969, he won Canada's Governor General's Award for "The Studhorse Man". In 2004 he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada. He is also an accomplished poet. Both his poetry and critical writings are postmodern in that they subvert tradition, fragmented and opened ended.” Kroetsch’s work has been important in Canadian literary advancements.
Published Works.
2011 Titles.
"Hard Feelings" by Sheryda Warrener.
"Hard Feelings" is Warrener’s debut book of poetry. The poems featured in "Hard Feelings" are about everyday life and the little things that excite humans. If offers her readers a sense of hope and gratitude. Her poems have appeared in many Canadian journals including "Event", "Grain", "Antigonish Review", and The "Fiddlehead and the Malahat review". Warrener received an MFA from the University of British Columbia in 2008 as well as a BFA from the University of Victoria in 2001. She is currently a teacher in Sweden.
"The Lateral" by Jake Kennedy.
Kennedy’s work as a poet and prose writer has appeared in anthologies and literary journals. He is currently teaching in the English Department at Okanagan College. "The Lateral" won him the 2010 Robert Kroetsch Award for Innovative Poetry. "The Lateral" includes a long-poem, a series of prose-poem-ruminations, and ends with a section of vulgar poems.
"Update." by Bill Kennedy and Darren Wershler.
"Update." is the second book Kennedy and Wershler have created together. Kennedy also runs the media consultancy, Stop 14 Media and is the Artistic Director of the Scream Literary Festival in Toronto. Darren Wershler is a Professor of English at Concordia University and is the co-author of twelve books.
"THREE DEATHS" by Josip Novakovich.
Novakovich is originally from Croatia but moved to the United States at the age of twenty. "Three Deaths" is his first Canadian edition of his written work. Novakovich received many awards for his works including the Ingram Merrill Award. "Three Deaths" includes a personal essay, a short story, as well as a classic tale, all focusing around the theme of death.
"Poets and Killers" by Helen Hajnoczky.
Hajnoczky’s work has appeared in "Filling Station", "NOD", "Matrix" and "Speechless magazine". She also has a Bachelors of Arts Honours Degree in English and Creative Writing from the University of Calgary. "Poets and Killers" encompasses the experimental poetry genre through the use advertising language to tell the biography of a man from the 1940s until his death in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31124401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124401" title="G. N. Singh">
G. N. Singh

G. N. Singh () was the second chief minister of the Delhi from 1955 to 1956 and was a Congress leader. He was the successor of Chaudhary Brahm Prakash and assumed office in 1955 just for one year, after that Indian Government passed a bill in the parliament which made Delhi a Union Territory; due to which no one had appointed as the next chief minister of the Delhi until in January 1, 1993, when a central government passed a "Government of National Capital Territory of Delhi act" in parliament to provide Delhi special rights of partial statehood.

</doc>
<doc id="31124421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124421" title="Nimrud ivories">
Nimrud ivories

The Nimrud ivories are carved ivory plaques and figures dating from the 9th to the 7th centuries BC that were excavated from the Assyrian city of Nimrud (in modern Ninawa in Iraq) during the 19th and 20th centuries. Many of the ivories were taken to the United Kingdom and were deposited in (though not owned by) the British Museum. In 2011, the Museum acquired most of the British-held ivories through a donation and purchase and is to put a selection on view. It is intended that the remainder will be returned to Iraq. A significant number of ivories were already held by Iraqi institutions but many have been lost or damaged through war and looting.
The ivories mostly originated outside Mesopotamia and are thought to have been made in the Levant and Egypt. They are carved with motifs typical of those regions and were used to decorate high-status items of furniture or transportation. The ivories would have originally been decorated with gold leaf or semi-precious stones, which were stripped from them at some point before their final burial. Many were found at the bottom of wells, having apparently been dumped there during a period of war or unrest.
Discoveries.
Layard (1845).
The first group of ivories was excavated from the site of the palace of Shalmaneser III (ruled 859–824 BC) at the Assyrian capital of Nimrud. The palace was rediscovered in 1845 by Austin Henry Layard, on the very first day of his excavations; on the second day, he made the first discovery of ivories.
Loftus (1854–1855).
More ivories were found during William Kennett Loftus's excavations in 1854–1855. They were found in a group of buildings labelled the "South-East Palace" or "Burnt Palace"; Loftus described the circumstances of the discovery in a letter to the "Journal of Sacred Literature" in February 1855:
Mallowan (1949–1963).
Further discoveries were made between 1949 and 1963 by a team from the British School of Archaeology in Iraq led by the archaeologist Max Mallowan. Mallowan found thousands of ivories, many of which were discovered at the bottom of wells into which they had apparently been thrown when the city was sacked, either in the turmoil that followed the death of Sargon II in 705 BC or when Nineveh fell and was destroyed in 612 BC. Mallowan's wife was the famous British crime novelist, Agatha Christie (1890–1976), who was fascinated with archaeology, and who accompanied her husband on the Nimrud excavations. Christie helped photograph and preserve many of the ivories found during the excavations, explaining in her autobiography that she cleaned the ivories using a fine knitting needle, an orange stick and a pot of face cream.
The collection of ivories uncovered by Mallowan were divided between Iraq and Britain, where they remained at the British School of Archaeology in Iraq (later to become the British Institute for the Study of Iraq) until 1987. They were then put in storage at the British Museum until 2011, but were not put on display. Many of the Iraqi-held ivories have been lost or damaged. Following the Iraq War 2003 the National Museum of Iraq in Baghdad was looted, and many of the ivories kept there were damaged or stolen. Other ivories that were stored in a bank vault in Baghdad were damaged by water when the building was shelled.
In March 2011, the British Museum purchased one third of the Mallowan ivories (comprising 1,000 complete ivories and 5,000 fragments) from the British Institute for the Study of Iraq for £1.17 million, following a public fundraising campaign that raised £750,000 in six months, and with the support of grants from the National Heritage Memorial Fund and the Art Fund. This is the second most expensive purchase by the British Museum since the end of the Second World War, second only in price to the Queen of the Night which cost £1.5 million in 2003. 
In addition to the purchase, the British Institute for the Study of Iraq has also donated another third of its collection to the British Museum in recognition of the storage of the collection by the museum over the previous 24 years. It is anticipated that the remaining third of the collection will be returned to Iraq sometime in the future. A selection of the ivories will be put on display at the British Museum from 14 March 2011.
Oates (1957–1963).
The largest single ivory find was made between 1957–1963 when a British School team led by David Oates discovered a room at the Nimrud palace that was dubbed the "ivory room", which had apparently served as the main storage centre for ivory objects amassed by the Assyrian kings. Subsequent excavations by the Iraqi Department of Antiquities unearthed still more ivories.
Other discoveries.
In recent years excavations by the Iraqi Department of Antiquities have unearthed more ivories.
Collections.
Ivories from Nimrud are held at a number of institutions across the world:
Description.
The ivories comprise plaques decorated in relief with intricate carvings of sphinxes, lions, serpents, people, flowers and geometric motifs, as well as carvings of female heads and female figurines. They were carved in various locations across the Ancient Near East, including Egypt, modern Syria and Lebanon, with relatively few carved locally. The ivory used to make these objects would originally have been derived from Syrian Elephants which were endemic in the Middle East in ancient times, but by the 8th century BC the Syrian Elephant had been hunted close to extinction, and ivory for later objects would have had to be imported from India.
The ivory plaques are thought to have been used to decorate chariots, furniture and horse trappings, and would originally have been covered in gold leaf or ornamented with semi-precious stones such as lapis lazuli. Some pieces still preserve remnants of gold leafing. Many were already centuries old when put in storage and may have fallen out of fashion by that time. The gold may have been removed from the ivories before they were put in storage, or it may have been taken by the Babylonians when they sacked and razed Nimrud in 612 BC. 
Some of the ivories have Phoenician letters engraved on their back, which it is thought may have been used as guides to the assembly of pieces onto the furniture to which the ivories were attached. The presence of Phoenician letters on the ivories suggests that they were the product of Phoenician craftsmen. 
In addition to plaques, many small ivory carvings of female heads have been found at Nimrud, most only one or two inches in height, but a few over 5 inches tall. Many of these heads wear a flat cap which is very similar to the flat caps depicted on much earlier ivories from the Tel Megiddo site in modern Israel. Another common carved form found at Nimrud comprises figurines of two naked females joined back to back, which are thought to have been used either as handles for fans or mirrors, or as a decorative element on furniture.
The plaques show a wide variety of themes, some of which exhibit a pure Assyrian style, and some of which show Egyptian influence, with engravings of Egyptian people or gods, and even Egyptian hieroglyphs. However, the Egyptian themes are often misconstrued, and the hieroglyphs do not form valid names, so they would seem to be debased imitations of Egyptian art. 
A far greater number of ivories were found at Nimrud than at any other Assyrian site, and it is thought that they had been brought to Nimrud as booty or imported as luxury goods from cities on the Mediterranean coast. Some centuries later it seems that these objects fell out of fashion, and were put into storage.

</doc>
<doc id="31124472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124472" title="Indulal Yagnik">
Indulal Yagnik

Indulal Kanaiyalal Yagnik () (22 February 1892–17 July 1972) was an Indian independence activist, a leader of the All India Kisan Sabha and one who led Mahagujarat Movement, which spearheaded the demand for the separate statehood for Gujarat on 8 August 1956. He is also known as Indu Chacha. He was writer and film maker also.
Yagnik was elected to the 2nd Lok Sabha from Ahmedabad constituency in the erstwhile Bombay state in 1957. He was re-elected to the 3rd, 4th and 5th Lok Sabha from the same constituency from 1962–1972.
Early life (1892–1915).
Yagnik was born at Nadiad, Kheda, Gujarat. His father Kanaiyalal died at a young age while studying. Yagnik completed his primary and secondary education in Nadiad and after passing the matriculation examination in 1906, he joined the Gujarat College in Ahmedabad. After passing the intermediate examination, he took admission to the St. Xavier's College, Bombay and passed his B.A. examination from there. In 1912, he passed his L.L.B. examination.
Independence movement (1915–1947).
Yagnik was deeply influenced by Annie Besant during his college days. In 1915, along with Jamnadas Dwarkadas and Shankerlal Banker, he published an English language magazine, Young India from Bombay. In the same year, publication of a Gujarati monthly "Navjivan ane Satya" started and Yagnik was its editor till 1919, when he handed it over to Mahatma Gandhi. He wrote the first 30 chapters of Mahatma Gandhi's autobiography in Yeravada jail after taking dictation from him. He joined the Servants of India Society in the same year but resigned in 1917 and joined the Home Rule Movement. In 1918, he participated in the Kheda Satyagraha led by Gandhi. In 1921 he became the secretary of the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee. In October, 1922 he started another Gujarati monthly, "Yugadharm". He was imprisoned by the British from April 1923 to March 1924. From 1924-28, he was the editor of "Hindustan", a Gujarati daily from Bombay. During 1926-27, he was also an assistant editor of the Bombay Chronicle. He traveled a number of countries in Europe from 1930-35.
In 1936, he took active initiative in the formation of the All India Kisan Sabha and participated in its first session. In 1939, he founded the "Gujarat Kisan Parishad". he was again imprisoned during 1940-41 for his anti-war campaign. In 1942, he presided over the annual session of the "Akhil Hind Kisan Sabha". He started a Gujarati daily "Nutan Gujarat" in 1943.
Post-independence (1947–1972).
In 1956, Yagnik led Mahagujarat Movement for a separate Gujarat state and became the founder president of the "Mahagujarat Janata Parishad". In 1957, he was elected to the 2nd Lok Sabha from Ahmedabad constituency as a Mahagujarat Janata Parishad candidate. After the formation of Gujarat state on 1 May 1960, "Mahagujarat Janata Parishad" was dissolved. In June, 1960 he founded the Nutan Maha Gujarat Janata Parishad and re-elected to the 3rd Lok Sabha as its candidate in 1962.
He died on 7 July 1972.
Works.
Publications.
He started or edited following:
Films.
His company, Young India Pictures produced more than 10 films. Some of them are:

</doc>
<doc id="31124486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124486" title="Joseph Dergham El Khazen">
Joseph Dergham El Khazen

Joseph V Dergham El Khazen (or Yusuf Dargham al-Khazin, , ), was the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch from 1733 to his death in 1742.
Life.
Joseph Dergham El Khazen was a member of the Khazen family and he was born in the village of Ghosta, in the Keserwan District, Lebanon. He married, and after the death of his wife he became priest. He was consecrated titular bishop of Ghosta in 1728 by the hands of patriarch Jacob Awad. At the death of Jacob Awad, the electoral synod couldn't decide between two pretenders, so finally on February 25, 1733 he was elected for acclamation because of his influential family. The confirmation of his election by Pope Clement XII arrived on December 18, 1733.
The reign of Joseph Dergham El Khazen is remembered for the 1736 Maronite Synod of Mount-Lebanon, which laid the foundations for the modern Maronite Church. During the works, Joseph Dergham clashed often with Giuseppe Simone Assemani, who presided it, due to the fact that the synod was going to limit the faculties of the Patriarch giving more power to the other bishops. Actually a couple of years after the Synod, Joseph Dergham sent a petition to the Pope to support his views and to make void the decrees of the synod: after an investigation this petition was discarded and the synod confirmed.
Joseph Dergham El Khazen died on May 13, 1742.

</doc>
<doc id="31124517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124517" title="German battleship Tirpitz">
German battleship Tirpitz

Tirpitz was the second of two s built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" (War Navy) during World War II. Named after Grand Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz, the architect of the "Kaiserliche Marine" (Imperial Navy), the ship was laid down at the Kriegsmarinewerft Wilhelmshaven in November 1936 and her hull was launched two and a half years later. Work was completed in February 1941, when she was commissioned into the German fleet. Like her sister ship , "Tirpitz" was armed with a main battery of eight guns in four twin turrets. After a series of wartime modifications she was heavier than "Bismarck", making her the heaviest battleship ever built by a European Navy.
After completing sea trials in early 1941, "Tirpitz" briefly served as the centrepiece of the Baltic Fleet, which was intended to prevent a possible break-out attempt by the Soviet Baltic Fleet. In early 1942, the ship sailed to Norway to act as a deterrent against an Allied invasion. While stationed in Norway, "Tirpitz" was also intended to be used to intercept Allied convoys to the Soviet Union, and two such missions were attempted in 1942. "Tirpitz" acted as a fleet in being, forcing the British Royal Navy to retain significant naval forces in the area to contain the battleship.
In September 1943, "Tirpitz", along with the battleship , bombarded Allied positions on the island of Spitzbergen, the only time the ship used her main battery in combat. Shortly thereafter, the ship was damaged in an attack by British mini-submarines and subsequently subjected to a series of large-scale air raids. On 12 November 1944, British Lancaster bombers equipped with "Tallboy" bombs destroyed the ship; two direct hits and a near miss caused the ship to capsize rapidly. A deck fire spread to the ammunition magazine for one of the main battery turrets, which caused a large explosion. Figures for the number of men killed in the attack range from 950 to 1,204. Between 1948 and 1957 the wreck was broken up by a joint Norwegian and German salvage operation.
Construction and characteristics.
"Tirpitz" was ordered as "Ersatz Schleswig-Holstein" as a replacement for the old pre-dreadnought , under the contract name "G". The "Kriegsmarinewerft" shipyard in Wilhelmshaven was awarded the contract, where the keel was laid on 20 October 1936. The hull was launched on 1 April 1939; during the elaborate ceremonies, the ship was christened by the daughter of Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz, the ship's namesake. Adolf von Trotha, a former admiral in the Imperial German Navy, spoke at the ship's launching, which was also attended by Adolf Hitler. Fitting-out work followed her launch, and was completed by February 1941. British bombers repeatedly attacked the harbour in which the ship was being built; no bombs struck "Tirpitz", but the attacks did slow construction work. "Tirpitz" was commissioned into the fleet on 25 February for sea trials, which were conducted in the Baltic.
"Tirpitz" displaced as built and fully loaded, with a length of , a beam of and a maximum draft of . She was powered by three Brown, Boveri & Cie geared steam turbines and twelve oil-fired Wagner superheated boilers, which developed a total of and yielded a maximum speed of on speed trials. Her standard crew numbered 103 officers and 1,962 enlisted men; during the war this was increased to 108 officers and 2,500 men. As built, "Tirpitz" was equipped with Model 23 search radars mounted on the forward, foretop, and rear rangefinders. These were later replaced with Model 27 and then Model 26 radars, which had a larger antenna array. A Model 30 radar, known as the "Hohentwiel", was mounted in 1944 in her topmast, and a Model 213 "Würzburg" fire-control radar was added on her stern Flak rangefinders.
She was armed with eight 38 cm SK C/34 L/52 guns arranged in four twin gun turrets: two superfiring turrets forward—Anton and Bruno—and two aft—Caesar and Dora. Her secondary armament consisted of twelve 15 cm L/55 guns, sixteen 10.5 cm L/65 and sixteen L/83, and initially twelve antiaircraft guns. The number of 2 cm guns was eventually increased to 58. After 1942, eight above-water torpedo tubes were installed. The ship's main belt was thick and was covered by a pair of upper and main armoured decks that were and thick, respectively. The 38 cm turrets were protected by thick faces and thick sides.
Service history.
After sea trials, "Tirpitz" was stationed in Kiel and performed intensive training in the Baltic. While the ship was in Kiel, Germany invaded the Soviet Union. A temporary Baltic Fleet was created to prevent the possible break-out of the Soviet fleet based in Leningrad. "Tirpitz" was briefly made the flagship of the squadron, which consisted of the heavy cruiser , the light cruisers , , , and , several destroyers, and two flotillas of minesweepers. The Baltic Fleet, under the command of Admiral Otto Ciliax, patrolled off the Aaland Islands from 23 to 26 September 1941, after which the unit disbanded and "Tirpitz" resumed training. During the training period, "Tirpitz" tested her primary and secondary guns on the old pre-dreadnought battleship , which had been converted into a radio-controlled target ship. The British Royal Air Force (RAF) continued to launch unsuccessful bombing raids on "Tirpitz" while she was stationed in Kiel.
Deployment to Norway.
Admiral Erich Raeder, the commander of the "Kriegsmarine", proposed on 13 November that "Tirpitz" be deployed to Norway. The ship would be able to attack convoys bound for the Soviet Union, as well as act as a fleet in being to tie down British naval assets and deter an Allied invasion of Norway. Hitler, who had forbidden an Atlantic sortie after the loss of "Bismarck", agreed to the proposal. The ship was taken into dock for modifications for the deployment. The ship's antiaircraft battery was strengthened and the 10.5 cm guns on the superstructure next to the catapult were moved outboard to increase their field of fire. The two quadruple 53.3 cm torpedo tube mounts were also installed during this refit. The ship's commander, "Kapitän zur See (KzS—Captain at Sea)" Karl Topp, pronounced the ship ready for combat operations on 10 January 1942. The following day, "Tirpitz" left for Wilhelmshaven, a move designed to conceal her actual destination.
The ship left Wilhelmshaven at 23:00 on 14 January and made for Trondheim. British military intelligence, which was capable of decrypting the Enigma messages sent by the German navy, detected the departure of the vessel, but poor weather in Britain prevented action by the RAF. Admiral John Tovey, the commander in chief of the British Home Fleet, was not made aware of "Tirpitz"s activities until 17 January, well after the ship had arrived in Norway. On 16 January, British aerial reconnaissance located the ship in Trondheim. "Tirpitz" then moved to the Fættenfjord, just north of Trondheim. The movement was codenamed Operation "Polarnacht" (Polar Night); the battleship was escorted by the destroyers , , and for the voyage. She was moored next to a cliff, which protected the ship from air attacks from the southwest. The ship's crew cut down trees and placed them aboard "Tirpitz" to camouflage her. Additional antiaircraft batteries were installed around the fjord, as were anti-torpedo nets and heavy booms in the entrance to the anchorage. Life for the crew of "Tirpitz" was very monotonous during the deployment to Norway. Frequent fuel shortages curtailed training and kept the battleship and her escorts moored behind their protective netting. The crew was primarily occupied with maintaining the ship and continuously manning antiaircraft defences. Sports activities were organised to keep the crew occupied and physically fit.
Operations against Allied convoys.
Several factors served to restrain "Tirpitz"s freedom of operation in Norway. The most pressing were shortages of fuel and the withdrawal of the German destroyer forces to support Operation "Cerberus", the movement of the battleships and and the heavy cruiser up through the English Channel. These caused a planned attack against the outbound convoy PQ 8 at the end of January to be abandoned. A planned British air attack at the end of January by four-engined heavy bombers was disrupted by poor weather over the target, which prevented the aircraft from finding the ship. In early February, "Tirpitz" took part in the deceptions that distracted the British in the run-up to Operation "Cerberus". These included steaming out of the fjord and the appearance of preparations for a sortie into the North Sea. Later that month, the ship was reinforced by the heavy cruisers and "Prinz Eugen" and several destroyers. "Prinz Eugen" had been torpedoed by a British submarine at the entrance to the Fættenfjord, and was therefore temporarily out of action.
In March 1942 "Tirpitz" and "Admiral Scheer", along with the destroyers , , and and a pair of torpedo boats, were intended to attack the homebound convoy QP 8 and the outbound PQ 12 as part of Operation "Sportpalast" (Sports Palace). "Admiral Scheer", with a design speed of , was too slow to operate with "Tirpitz", and was left in port, as was the destroyer "Paul Jakobi". The two torpedo boats were also released from the operation. On 5 March, Luftwaffe reconnaissance aircraft spotted PQ 12 near Jan Mayen Island; the reconnaissance failed to note the battleship or the battlecruiser , both of which escorted the convoy, along with four destroyers. Unknown to the Germans, Admiral Tovey provided distant support to the convoys with the battleship , the aircraft carrier , the heavy cruiser , and six destroyers. Enigma intercepts again forewarned the British of "Tirpitz"s attack, which allowed them to reroute the convoys. Admiral Tovey attempted to pursue "Tirpitz" on 9 March, but Admiral Otto Ciliax, the commander of the German squadron, had decided to return to port the previous evening. An air attack was launched early on the 9th; twelve Fairey Albacore torpedo bombers attacked the ship in three groups, and "Tirpitz" successfully evaded the torpedoes. Only three men were wounded in the attack. "Tirpitz"s anti-aircraft gunners shot down two of the British aircraft. After the conclusion of the attack, "Tirpitz" made for Vestfjord, and from there to Trondheim, arriving on the evening of 13 March. On 30 March, thirty-three Halifax bombers attacked the ship; they scored no hits and five aircraft were shot down. The RAF launched a pair of unsuccessful strikes in late April. On the night of 27–28 April, thirty-one Halifaxes and twelve Lancasters; five of the bombers were shot down. Another raid, composed of twenty-three Halifaxes and eleven Lancasters, took place the following night. Two of the bombers were shot down by the German anti-aircraft defences.
The actions of "Tirpitz" and her escorting destroyers in March used up of fuel oil, which greatly reduced the available fuel supply. It took the Germans three months to replenish the fuel spent in the attempt to intercept the two Allied convoys. Convoy PQ 17, which left Iceland on 27 June bound for the Soviet Union, was the next convoy targeted by "Tirpitz" and the rest of the German fleet stationed in Norway, during Operation "Rösselsprung" (Knight's Move). Escorting the convoy were the battleships "Duke of York" and and the carrier "Victorious". "Tirpitz", , and six destroyers sortied from Trondheim, while a second task force consisting of , "Admiral Scheer", and six destroyers operated out of Narvik and Bogenfjord. "Lützow" and three of the destroyers struck uncharted rocks while en route to the rendezvous and had to return to port. Shortly after "Tirpitz" left Norway, the Soviet submarine "K-21" fired two or four torpedoes at the ship, all of which missed. The Soviets claimed two hits on the battleship. Swedish intelligence had meanwhile reported the German departures to the British Admiralty, which ordered the convoy to disperse. Aware that they had been detected, the Germans aborted the operation and turned over the attack to U-boats and the Luftwaffe. The scattered vessels could no longer be protected by the convoy escorts, and the Germans sank 21 of the 34 isolated transports. "Tirpitz" returned to Altafjord via the Lofoten Islands.
Following Operation "Rösselsprung", the Germans moved "Tirpitz" to Bogenfjord near Narvik. By this time, the ship needed a major overhaul. Hitler had forbidden the ship to make the dangerous return to Germany, and so the overhaul was conducted in Trondheim. On 23 October, the ship left Bogenfjord and returned to Fættenfjord outside Trondheim. The defences of the anchorage were further strengthened; additional antiaircraft guns were installed and double anti-torpedo nets were erected around the vessel. The repairs were conducted in limited phases, such that "Tirpitz" would remain partially operational for the majority of the overhaul. A caisson was built around the stern to allow the replacement of the ship's rudders. During the repair process, the British attempted to attack the battleship with two Chariot human torpedoes, but rough seas caused the human torpedoes to break away from the fishing vessel which was towing them, before they could be launched. By 28 December, the overhaul had been completed, and "Tirpitz" began sea trials. She conducted gunnery trials on 4 January 1943 in the Trondheimfjord. On 21 February, Topp was promoted to Rear Admiral and was replaced by Captain Hans Meyer; five days later the battleship "Scharnhorst" was ordered to reinforce the fleet in Norway. Vice Admiral Oskar Kummetz was given command of the warships stationed in Norway.
By the time "Scharnhorst" arrived in Norway in March 1943, Allied convoys to the Soviet Union had temporarily ceased. To give the ships an opportunity to work together, Admiral Karl Dönitz, who had replaced Raeder in the aftermath of the Battle of the Barents Sea on 31 December 1942, ordered an attack on the island of Spitzbergen, which housed a British weather station and refuelling base. Several settlements and outposts on Spitzbergen were defended by a garrison of 152 men from the Norwegian Armed Forces in exile. The two battleships, escorted by ten destroyers, left port on 6 September; in a "ruse de guerre", "Tirpitz" flew the white ensign on the approach to the island the following day. During the bombardment, "Tirpitz" fired 52 main-battery shells and 82 rounds from her 15 cm secondaries. This was the first and only time the ship fired her main battery at an enemy target. An assault force destroyed shore installations and captured 74 prisoners. By 11:00, the battleships had destroyed their targets and headed back to their Norwegian ports.
British attacks on "Tirpitz".
Operation Source.
The British were determined to neutralise "Tirpitz" and remove the threat she posed to Allied lines of communication in the Arctic. Following the repeated, ineffectual bombing attacks and the failed Chariot attack in October 1942, the British turned to the newly designed X Craft midget submarines. The planned attack, Operation Source, included attacks on "Tirpitz", "Scharnhorst", and "Lützow". The X Craft were towed by large submarines to their destinations, where they could slip under anti-torpedo nets to each drop two powerful 2 tonne mines on the sea bed under the bottom of the target. Ten vessels were assigned to the operation, scheduled for 20–25 September 1943. Only eight of the vessels reached Norway for the attack, which began early on 22 September. Three of the vessels, "X5", "X6", and "X7", successfully breached "Tirpitz"s defences, two of which—"X6" and "X7"—managed to lay their mines. "X5" was detected some from the nets and sunk by a combination of gunfire and depth charges.
The mines caused extensive damage to the ship; the first exploded abreast of turret Caesar and the second detonated off the port bow. A fuel oil tank was ruptured, shell plating was torn, a large indentation was formed in the bottom of the ship and bulkheads in the double bottom buckled. Some of water flooded the ship in fuel tanks and void spaces in the double bottom of the port side, which caused a list of one to two degrees, which was balanced by counter-flooding on the starboard side. The flooding damaged all of the turbo-generators in generator room No. 2, and all apart from one generator in generator room No. 1 were disabled by broken steam lines or severed power cables. Turret Dora was thrown from its bearings and could not be rotated; this was particularly significant, as there were no heavy-lift cranes in Norway powerful enough to lift the turret and place it back on its bearings. The ship's two Arado Ar 196 floatplanes were thrown by the explosive concussion and completely destroyed. Repairs were conducted by the repair ship ; historians William Garzke and Robert Dulin remarked that the successful repair effort was "one of the most notable feats of naval engineering during the Second World War." Repairs lasted until 2 April 1944; full speed trials were scheduled for the following day in Altafjord.
Operation Tungsten.
The British were aware that "Neumark" and the repair crews left in March, which intimated "Tirpitz" was nearly operational. A major air strike—Operation Tungsten—involving the fleet carriers "Victorious" and and the escort carriers , , , and , was set for 4 April 1944, but rescheduled a day earlier when Enigma decrypts revealed that "Tirpitz" was to depart at 05:29 on 3 April for sea trials. The attack consisted of 40 Barracuda dive-bombers carrying armor-piercing bombs and 40 escorting fighters in two waves, scoring fifteen direct hits and two near misses. The aircraft achieved surprise, and only one was lost in the first wave; it took twelve to fourteen minutes for all of "Tirpitz"s antiaircraft batteries to be fully manned. The first wave struck at 05:29, as tugs were preparing to assist the ship out of her mooring. The second wave arrived over the target an hour later, shortly after 06:30. Despite the alertness of the German antiaircraft gunners, only one other bomber was shot down.
The air strike caused significant damage to the ship and inflicted serious casualties. William Garzke and Robert Dulin report the attack killed 122 men and wounded 316 others, while Hildebrand, Röhr, & Steinmetz report 132 fatalities and 270 wounded men, including the ship's commander, "KzS" Hans Meyer. Two of the 15 cm turrets were destroyed by bombs and both Ar 196 floatplanes were destroyed. Several of the bomb hits caused serious fires aboard the ship. Concussive shock disabled the starboard turbine engine and saltwater used to fight the fires reached the boilers and contaminated the feed water. Some of water flooded the ship, primarily through the two holes in the side shell created by shell splinters from near misses. Water used to fight the fires also contributed to the flooding. Dönitz ordered the ship be repaired, regardless of the cost, despite the fact that he understood "Tirpitz" could no longer be used in a surface action because of insufficient fighter support. Repair work began in early May; destroyers ferried important equipment and workers from Kiel to Altafjord over the span of three days. By 2 June, the ship was again able to steam under her own power, and by the end of the month gunnery trials were possible. During the repair process, the 15 cm guns were modified to allow their use against aircraft, and specially-fuzed 38 cm shells for barrage antiaircraft fire were supplied.
Operations Planet, Brawn, Tiger Claw, Mascot and Goodwood.
A series of carrier strikes were planned over the next three months, but bad weather forced their cancellation. A repeat of Operation Tungsten, codenamed Operation Planet, was scheduled for 24 April. Operation Brawn, which was to have been carried out by 27 bombers and 36 fighters from "Victorious" and "Furious", was to have taken place on 15 May, and Operation Tiger Claw was intended for 28 May. "Victorious" and "Furious" were joined by for Operation Mascot, which was to have been carried out on 17 July by 62 bombers and 30 fighters. The weather finally broke in late August, which saw the Goodwood series of attacks. Operations Goodwood I and II were launched on 22 August; a carrier force consisting of the fleet carriers "Furious", "Indefatigable" and and the escort carriers and launched a total of 38 bombers and 43 escort fighters between the two raids. The attacks failed to inflict any damage on "Tirpitz", and three of the attacking aircraft were shot down. Goodwood III followed on 24 August, composed of aircraft from the fleet carriers only. Forty-eight bombers and 29 fighters attacked the ship and scored two hits which caused minor damage. One, a 1600-pound bomb, penetrated the upper and lower armour decks and came to rest in the No. 4 switchboard room. Its fuze had been damaged and the bomb did not detonate. The second, a bomb, exploded but caused only superficial damage. Six planes were shot down in the attack. Goodwood IV followed on the 29th, with 34 bombers and 25 fighters from "Formidable" and "Indefatigable". Heavy fog prevented any hits from being scored. One Firefly and a Corsair were shot down by "Tirpitz"s gunners. The battleship expended 54 rounds from her main guns, 161 from the 15 cm guns and up to 20 percent of her light antiaircraft ammunition.
Operations Paravane and Obviate.
The ineffectiveness of the great majority of the strikes launched by the Fleet Air Arm in mid-1944 led to the task of "Tirpitz"s destruction being transferred to the RAF's No. 5 Group. The RAF used Lancaster bombers to carry Tallboy bombs to penetrate the ship's heavy armour. The first attack, Operation Paravane, took place on 15 September 1944; operating from a forward base at Yagodnik in Russia, 23 Lancasters (17 each carrying one Tallboy and six each carrying twelve JW mines), scored a single hit on the ship's bow. The Tallboy penetrated the ship, exited the keel, and exploded in the bottom of the fjord. of water flooded the bow and caused a serious increase in trim forward. The ship was rendered unseaworthy and was limited to . Concussive shock caused severe damage to fire-control equipment. The damage persuaded the naval command to repair the ship for use only as a floating gun battery. Repair work was estimated to take nine months, but patching of the holes could be effected within a few weeks, allowing "Tirpitz" to be moved further south to Tromsø. On 15 October, the ship made the trip to Tromsø under her own power, the last voyage of her career.
The RAF made a second attempt on 29 October, after the ship was moored off Håkøya Island outside Tromsø. Thirty-two Lancasters attacked the ship with Tallboys during Operation Obviate. As on Operation Paravane, No. 9 Squadron and No. 617 Squadron carried out the attack together, which resulted in only one near miss, partially the result of bad weather over the target. The underwater explosion damaged the port rudder and shaft and caused some flooding. "Tirpitz"s 38 cm fragmentation shells proved ineffective in countering the high-level bombers; one aircraft was damaged by ground-based anti-aircraft guns. Following the attack, the ship's anchorage was significantly improved. A large sand bank was constructed under and around the ship to prevent her from capsizing and anti-torpedo nets were installed. "Tirpitz" retained a one-degree list to port from earlier damage, and this was not corrected by counter-flooding to retain as much reserve buoyancy as possible. The ship was also prepared for her role as a floating artillery platform: fuel was limited to only what was necessary to power the turbo-generators and the crew was reduced to 1,600 officers and enlisted men.
Operation Catechism.
Operation Catechism, the final British attack on "Tirpitz", took place on 12 November 1944. The ship again used her 38 cm guns against the bombers, which approached the battleship at 09:35; "Tirpitz"s main guns forced the bombers to disperse temporarily, but could not break up the attack. A force of 32 Lancasters from Nos. 9 and 617 Squadrons dropped 29 Tallboys on the ship, with two direct hits and one near miss. Several other bombs landed within the anti-torpedo net barrier and caused significant cratering of the seabed; this removed much of the sandbank that had been constructed to prevent the ship from capsizing. One bomb penetrated the ship's deck between turrets Anton and Bruno but failed to explode. A second hit amidships between the aircraft catapult and the funnel and caused severe damage. A very large hole was blown into the ship's side and bottom; the entire section of belt armour abreast of the bomb hit was completely destroyed. A third bomb may have struck the ship on the port side of turret Caesar. The amidships hit caused significant flooding and quickly increased the port list to between 15 and 20 degrees. In ten minutes, the list increased to 30 to 40 degrees; the captain issued the order to abandon ship. Progressive flooding increased the list to 60 degrees by 09:50, though this appeared to stabilise temporarily. Eight minutes later, a large explosion rocked turret Caesar. The turret roof and part of the rotating structure were thrown into the air and over into a group of men swimming to shore, crushing them. "Tirpitz" then rapidly rolled over and buried her superstructure in the sea floor.
In the aftermath of the attack, rescue operations attempted to reach men trapped in the hull. Workers rescued 82 men by cutting through the bottom hull plates. Figures for the death toll vary from approximately 950 to 1,204. Approximately 200 survivors of the sinking were transferred to the heavy cruiser "Lützow" in January 1945. The wreck remained in place until after the war, when a joint German-Norwegian company began salvage operations. Work lasted from 1948 until 1957; fragments of the ship are still sold by a Norwegian company. Ludovic Kennedy wrote in his history of the vessel that she "lived an invalid's life and died a cripple's death".
The performance of the Luftwaffe in the defence of "Tirpitz" was highly criticised after her loss. Major Heinrich Ehrler, the commander of III./Jagdgeschwader 5 (3rd Group of the 5th Fighter Wing), was blamed for the Luftwaffe's failure to intercept the British bombers. He was subsequently court-martialled in Oslo and threatened with the death penalty. Evidence was shown that his unit had failed to help the Kriegsmarine when requested. He was sentenced to three years in prison, but he was released after a month, demoted, and reassigned to an Me 262 fighter squadron in Germany. Ehrler was exonerated by further investigations which concluded that the reason behind the fiasco was poor communication between the Kriegsmarine and the Luftwaffe and the aircrews had not been informed that the "Tirpitz" had been moved off Håkøya a couple of weeks earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="31124525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124525" title="Joseph El Khazen">
Joseph El Khazen

Joseph El Khazen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31124533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124533" title="Offices of Tibet">
Offices of Tibet

Offices of Tibet are official agencies of the 14th Dalai Lama and the Central Tibetan Administration based in Dharamsala, India. They are present in 11 countries, based in New Delhi, Kathmandu, Geneva, New York, Tokyo, London, Moscow, Brussels, Canberra, Pretoria and Taipei. They are in charge of bilateral relations with different countries as well as with European Union Institutions and the United Nations Organisation. They represent de facto embassy.

</doc>
<doc id="31124535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124535" title="Accounting in Portugal">
Accounting in Portugal

There are two professional associations responsible for regulation of accountancy in Portugal.
Ordem dos Técnicos Oficiais de Contas.
Ordem dos Técnicos Oficiais de Contas (OTOC) runs an admittance examination every four months and everyone that passes it becomes a Técnico Oficial de Contas (TOC), the authorized tax and accountancy practitioner in Portugal. 
OTOC, which is the largest Portuguese professional body, with more than 75,000 affiliates, offers a broad range of training programs to its members, and is an active member in the public discussion of accounting and finance issues.
Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas.
Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas (OROC) confers the national qualification for auditors (ROC). 
OROC is the national member of International Federation of Accountants (IFAC).

</doc>
<doc id="31124559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124559" title="Santa María de Óvila">
Santa María de Óvila

Santa María de Óvila is a former Cistercian monastery built in Spain beginning in 1181 on the Tagus River near Trillo, Guadalajara, about northeast of Madrid. During prosperous times over the next four centuries, construction projects expanded and improved the small monastery. Its fortunes declined significantly in the 1700s, and in 1835 it was confiscated by the Spanish government and sold to private owners who used its buildings to shelter farm animals.
American publisher William Randolph Hearst bought parts of the monastery in 1931 with the intention of using its stones in the construction of a grand and fanciful castle at Wyntoon, California, but after some 10,000 stones were removed and shipped, they were abandoned in San Francisco for decades. These stones are now in various locations around California: the old church portal has been reassembled at the University of San Francisco, and the chapter house is being reassembled by Trappist monks at the Abbey of New Clairvaux in Vina, California. Other stones are serving as simple decorative elements in Golden Gate Park's botanical garden. To support the chapter house project, a line of Belgian-style beers is being produced by Sierra Nevada Brewing Company under the Ovila Abbey brand.
In Spain, the new government of the Second Republic declared the monastery a National Monument in June 1931, but not in time to prevent the mass removal of stones. Today, the remnant buildings and walls stand on private farmland.
History.
Foundation.
The monastery of Santa María de Óvila was founded in 1175 by a grant of land from King Alfonso VIII of Castile to the Cistercian monks of Valbuena Abbey in Valbuena de Duero, Valladolid Province, Castile-Leon, Spain. In this endeavor, the king was following a general strategy of establishing Catholic institutions on land he had recently won in battle from the Moors of Iberia. The Cistercian "white monks" (wearing undyed habits) first chose a site in Murel (now called Carrascosa de Tajo) on the Tagus, but after a few years, had to relocate to more fertile zone a few miles nearer to Trillo, Guadalajara, where a flat hilltop by the river commanded a modest view.
The construction began in 1181. The monastic quarters and the church were built over the following three decades. The central cloister was bordered on the north by the church, on the west by a barrel-vaulted great nave, on the east by the sacristy, the priory cell, and the chapter house, and on the south by the kitchen, the pantry and the refectory (dining hall). Some of the buildings were given seven-foot-thick (2 m) walls with slit windows, to serve as a refuge in case the Moors returned to the area. The church was built in the shape of a Latin cross with a nave divided into four sections, and a sanctuary with three square apses. Its presbytery had a central square topped by a pentagon.
In 1191, the king confirmed the monastery and its surrounding fields as belonging to the Cistercian Order. The aged abbot of Santa María de Huerta, bishop Martín de Finojosa (later canonized), consecrated the church in September 1213 and died days later. The surrounding area of Murel and Trillo along the Tagus prospered, giving tithes and gifts of land to the monastery. The cartulary, "Cartulario de Óvila" is preserved at the University of Madrid.
The first buildings were completed in the Gothic style, including the church. The refectory (dining hall) shows an architectural style in transition between earlier Romanesque and contemporary Gothic. A fine High Gothic chapter house was built of best quality hard limestone. The church was rebuilt sometime before 1650 in a late Gothic style with a prominent vaulted ceiling. The cloister was rebuilt around 1617, and is of a simple design with little adornment surrounding a High Renaissance arcade. The final phase of building took place around 1650, with a new doorway for the church, completed in late Renaissance and Plateresque style full of detail. Because of its prosperity and the repeated expansion projects, Santa María de Óvila exhibited examples of every Spanish religious architectural style used from 1200 to 1600. However, even at its height, Óvila remained one of the smallest Cistercian monasteries in the region of Castile.
Decline.
From the 15th century, changes to the areas surrounding Santa María de Óvila initiated a slow decline. Civil wars depopulated the villages of the upper Tagus valley. The monastery's land holdings passed one by one into the hands of the new regional aristocracy: first the Count of Cifuentes, followed by Rui Gomes da Silva, Duke of Pastrana, and the Spanish Army. Neighbors looted more lands.
A fire destroyed part of the monastery during the War of the Spanish Succession. During the Peninsular War, French troops looted the buildings and used them as barracks. The monks were forced to leave in 1820 because of confiscations by a new liberal government, but they returned in 1823 after King Ferdinand VII restored conservative institutions. However, the nearby villagers denied support to the monastery despite its protection by the king. The monastery ceased to operate in 1835: the Ecclesiastical Confiscations of Mendizábal enforced a law declaring that minor religious holdings housing fewer than 12 residents were to be forfeit to the state; the monastery had only four monks and one lay brother, who were cast out.
Vacancy.
After the Confiscations, many of the furnishings and artistic treasures of Santa María de Óvila passed to the surrounding parish churches, especially Ruguilla, Huet, Sotoca de Tajo and Carrascosa de Tajo. Other valuables, such as books and historic documents, were stolen and sold. The remaining contents were auctioned, including wine-making equipment and an oxcart. The precious 328-pages cartulary of the monastery () went to a private owner but was donated in 1925 to the Monastery of Santa María la Real of Oseira. The thick manuscript that hold copies of royal privileges granted to the monastery throughout its history and the "Abadologio", a comprehensive and thorough history of the Cistercian abbots and monks who lived in the monastery, was written from March 1729 to February 1730 by Father Gerofeo, a Cistercian monk of the monastery of Valparaíso (Zámora).
The new owners of Santa María de Óvila were well-to-do farmers who cared little for the buildings. For a brief time, the former monastery was used as a hostel, but mainly, the buildings were subjected to hard agricultural use as barns sheltering livestock. The chapter house served as a manure pit. Other buildings were used as storage. In the early 20th century small trees were seen to be growing in the dirt packed atop the monastery roofs—the protective roof tiles had long since been taken down and sold.
Removal to California.
In 1928, the Spanish state sold the monastery to Fernando Beloso for a little more than 3,100 pesetas, roughly $600 to $700 at the time. Beloso, director of the Spanish Credit Bank in Madrid, was the owner of Coto de San Bernardo in Óvila, which included expansive irrigated grain fields and forests surrounding the monastery.
Arthur Byne, an art agent living in Madrid, whose biggest client was American newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst, was working for Hearst to acquire an old monastery in 1930. In 1925, Byne had bought Hearst the monastery of Santa María la Real de Sacramenia which was dismantled, crated and shipped to New York where it was stored in a warehouse in the Bronx. (In 1954 it was re-assembled in Florida as a tourist attraction, and was subsequently acquired by the Episcopal Diocese of South Florida and called the St. Bernard de Clairvaux Church.) Byne signaled Beloso to help him locate one; Beloso invited him to see the old Óvila monastery in December 1930, and Byne subsequently sent photographs and sketches to Hearst for approval. Byne listed specific elements, mostly architectural details, to be removed, such as vault ribs, door frames, window embrasures, columns and capitals. Some entire walls of fine facing stones were recommended for removal. He referred to the proposal as "Mountolive", possibly to misdirect the Spanish authorities who were in charge of protecting historical artifacts.
After Hearst conveyed his enthusiasm for the project, Beloso sold Byne the stones for $85,000, including the cloister, the chapter house, the refectory and the dormitory for novices. With Byne's commission, Hearst was to pay $97,000, a price roughly equivalent to $ as of 20. Byne started immediately on the project, organizing men and materials, and beginning the removal of stones. Hearst's main architect Julia Morgan sent her associate architect Walter T. Steilberg who arrived on March 9, 1931. Steilberg recommended that Hearst buy the old church portal, which he did, at Byne's price of $1,500. Under the direction of Byne and Steilberg, the monastery was carefully labeled as it was dismantled stone by stone. Antonio Gomez, the local foreman praised by Byne and Steilberg, numbered the blocks on architectural drawings and painted the number in red on the back of each stone.
To move all the stones, Byne and Steilberg had a road built to the Tagus, and a barge attached to a fixed cable was assigned to ferry stones across. An old World War I trench railway was brought in to transport stones from the monastery to the ferry; its rails could be laid into any of the buildings. Men pushed the small rail cars along the narrow gauge tracks; the stones were then lifted into the ferry by crane, and another crane lifted them out of the ferry into trucks. One of the biggest problems that Byne encountered was that Spain's three excelsior factories could not make enough packing material to keep the crate-packing crew supplied. At one point, realizing that the stones were likely to be used in California as external cladding for structural steel walls, Steilberg suggested the facing surface of each stone be sliced to a "veneer" of the thickness of for easier packing and shipping, but Hearst wanted to retain the authenticity of the full-sized stones. Byne and Steilberg judged certain walls and utility buildings worthless and left them in Spain. Steilberg returned home at the end of March.
Byne rushed the project in fear that it might be halted at any time by the authorities—Spanish law prohibited the removal of historic artifacts. However, the Spanish government was at that time in disarray and did not enforce the law. Government officials "simply looked the other way" as trucks hauled 700-year-old stones through Valencia to the docks. When King Alfonso XIII abdicated in April 1931, leaving the government in the control of the Second Republic, the new officials stopped the project. Byne's lawyer persuaded the Minister of Labor to allow the work to continue on the grounds that the project employed more than a hundred men and put money into the severely depressed economy.
Doctor Francisco Layna Serrano of nearby Ruguilla had for years tried to save the monastery but had failed to interest the government in the expensive preservation proposal. Realizing that this was his last chance to document the place as its stones were being removed, he wrote a monograph of its history and included a site plan of the layout of buildings, written from memory. As a result of his efforts, on June 3, 1931, Santa María de Óvila was listed as a National Monument of Spain, or "Bien de Interés Cultural" (Cultural Property). Layna Serrano published his monograph in 1932. In 1933, the monastery's historic cartulary was brought to the University of Madrid and published; the original was archived at the University of Oviedo.
By the time the dismantling was finished on July 1, 1931, some 10,000 stones weighing a total of were shipped on 11 different freighters traveling through the Panama Canal to San Francisco. In 1931 currency, the monastery project had cost Hearst about one million dollars.
Spanish ruins.
Today, a few buildings remain of the original monastery in Spain. These include the winery or bodega, now the oldest surviving building on the site. This was built in the 13th century during the reign of Henry I of Castile, with the upper floor built as a dormitory with a long barrel-vaulted ceiling. Outside of the bodega, crumbling walls, open yards and part of the Gothic roof of the church are visible. The double arches in the walls of the Renaissance-era cloister are still standing, but the arched roof is lost. The foundation of the church can be seen.
California.
Wyntoon.
Hearst first bought the monastery intending to replace the family retreat at Wyntoon, on the bank of the McCloud River near Mount Shasta in remote Northern California. The original building was his mother's Bernard Maybeck-designed fantasy chalet which burned down in 1929. Hearst wanted to replace it with a great stone building fitted with towers and turrets—an eccentric castle folly that was to be larger than its predecessor. To prepare for the arrival of the Spanish stones, Morgan drew up plans with the monastery's chapter house serving as the castle's entrance hall, and the large church enclosing a swimming pool. Other stones were designated as cladding for walls and rooms on the ground floor.
At the Port of San Francisco, Steilberg inspected each shipment of stones, several thousand crates in all. The Haslett warehouse, between Fisherman's Wharf and the Hyde Street Pier, was used for storage. With groundbreaking set for July 1931 and the last freighter carrying stones still in transit, Hearst stopped his grand plan for Wyntoon because his fortunes were too far reduced from the Great Depression. The stones stayed in the warehouse, incurring annual storage fees of $15,000 in 1930s dollars.
Golden Gate Park.
In 1940, Hearst decided to give the monastery away. The government of Francisco Franco requested that it be returned to Spain, but Hearst refused. In August 1941, Herbert Fleishhacker, director of the M. H. de Young Memorial Museum, convinced Hearst to give the stones to the City of San Francisco in exchange for the city's payment of his $25,000 storage debt. Hearst stipulated the stones be used to construct a group of museum buildings adjoining the de Young Museum in Golden Gate Park. The city moved the crates from the warehouse to store them outdoors behind the museum and the Japanese Tea Garden, allotting only $5,000 for trucking and for building rough sheds and protective covers. The museum plan was estimated to cost $500,000, but that amount was not available. Morgan prepared several layouts for the city to approve, each with a different arrangement of the buildings than in Spain. However, in December 1941, the U.S. was drawn into World War II and the museum plans were shelved. Picking up the project in 1946, the city paid Morgan to construct a scale model of the complex of buildings which was to be the Museum of Medieval Arts, a West Coast version of The Cloisters in New York.
The city was unable to raise money to build the museum, and the stones were damaged in five fires. The first came soon after the crates were set down in Golden Gate Park. Morgan said that "piles of burning boxes were pulled over and down by the Fire Department, many hurled over a hundred and fifty feet." Hearst died in 1951, and Morgan died in 1957; neither of them saw anything built with the stones. Two fires in 1959 appeared to be arson, and many of the fire-heated stones were weakened or cracked from sudden cooling by water. In 1960, Steilberg was hired to inspect the stones once again; he used a ball-peen hammer to lightly strike each stone and listen for a solid ringing tone or a dull thud which indicated cracking. He found that a little more than half the stones were sound.
In 1965, the Museum Society raised $40,000 to mount the grand portal of the old church. It was installed in the de Young Museum, the centerpiece of Hearst Court, the main exhibit hall. The rest of the stones were abandoned by the museum in May 1969 when they announced that there would be no reconstruction. After this, stones were occasionally taken by park workers and used to decorate Golden Gate Park.
In 1989 or 1990, a San Francisco city worker dumped an unused granite bollard amid the monastery stones; the tall bollard was once used as a traffic barrier. Some self-styled Hindu park users led by performance artist Michael Bowen, calling himself Guru Baba Kali Das, began to worship the phallus-shaped bollard as a lingam; they wrestled some of the monastery's stones into a religious circle, calling the circle Shiva Linga. The city sued to reclaim the area in 1993, but lost the battle in court. In January 1994 the city arranged to move the traffic bollard to Bowen's garage, serving as his temple. Bowen later offered the granite bollard for sale and admitted that the whole episode was a performance piece.
In 1999, some of the stones were used to construct an outdoor reading terrace adjoining the Helen Crocker Russell Library of Horticulture, part of the Strybing Arboretum and Botanical Gardens in Golden Gate Park. Other stones were used for various purposes around Golden Gate Park and the Japanese Tea Garden, taken unofficially by park workers as they saw fit. Some of these ended up in the park's AIDS Memorial Grove, others on a scent-based flower walkway named Garden of Fragrance.
University of San Francisco.
In 2002, the old church portal was donated by the de Young Museum to the University of San Francisco (a Jesuit university), and in 2008 it was associated with the construction of Kalmanovitz Hall. It serves as the backdrop of the outdoor Ovila Amphitheater (), near an older Romanesque portal from Northern Italy.
Abbey of New Clairvaux.
The current abbot of the Abbey of New Clairvaux, Thomas X. Davis, first saw the stones and pictured them reassembled as a monastery on September 15, 1955—his first day in California. He arrived that day in San Francisco to serve as a new monk in Vina, California, at the monastery of Our Lady of New Clairvaux. The monastery belonged to Trappists of the order known as Cistercians of the Strict Observance. The monks farmed and worshiped on land once used by Leland Stanford to grow wine grapes. Davis's superior met him at the airport and drove him through Golden Gate Park where he stopped to show Davis the stones sitting among the weeds. From time to time in subsequent years, Davis inspected the stones only to find them in increasingly poor condition.
In 1981, architectural historian Margaret Burke began working under a grant from the Hearst Foundation to inventory the remaining stones. She said it was "an excavation project" because of the weeds, blackberry brambles and tree roots growing over them. Burke identified about 60% of the stones belonging to the chapter house, a rectangular building originally spanning . She separated the chapter house stones, surrounded them with a fence and began creating templates for rebuilding the arched entrances. During 1980–1982 the museum board sought $45 million for an expansion project that included $3 million for rebuilding the chapter house. Meanwhile, Davis asked a museum staff member for permission to take several truckloads of stones to Vina to be used for architectural decoration. Park workers helped him load the most ornate pieces he could find, and they were hauled away. Not told of the arrangement, Burke discovered that Davis had taken some of the chapter house stones, and the museum board insisted these be returned. Davis was left with 58 stones from other monastery buildings.
In 1983 and 1987, Davis made unsuccessful requests for all of the chapter house stones. After the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, the de Young museum was to be rebuilt, and the future of the stones was reconsidered. In September 1993, museum director Harry Parker joined with Davis to sign an unconditional permanent loan of the chapter house stones to New Clairvaux. In 1994, the city approved the loan with the stipulation that the building be restored accurately and that it be occasionally open to the public. The stones were transported in 20 truckloads to Vina. Inside an old brick barn built by Stanford to make brandy, the stones began to be fitted together, laid flat on Burke's plywood templates.
Ground was broken in 2003 on the site of an orchard () next to the main cloister building. Architect Patrick Cole of Arcademe, overseeing the rebuilding project, said that there were more than half of the required stones for the chapter house. Of the missing stones, more than 90% were repeating-pattern stones with available templates to carve replacements. Stonemasons Oskar Kempf and Frank Helmholz used modern hydraulic lime as mortar rather than making their own as was done in the Middle Ages. Helmholz said of the opportunity offered by the project that it was "something most stonemasons don't do in all their career."
The strength of the building is twice what it was in Spain, with the stones supporting their own weight as designed, augmented by a framework of steel and concrete to hold them together when the California ground shakes. Contractor Phil Sunseri said that the building foundation was earthquake resistant as well; with a three-foot-thick (1 m) mat of concrete and steel underneath, "the entire building will move as one unit." When completed, the building will be the largest example of original Cistercian Gothic architecture in the Western Hemisphere, and the oldest building in America west of the Rocky Mountains.
Nearby Sierra Nevada Brewing Company partnered with the monks of New Clairvaux to make a series of Belgian-style beers under the Ovila Abbey brand. In late 2010, the beer producer launched a website to tell about the making of the beer product line and the story of the restoration of the stones. Sierra Nevada founder Ken Grossman said he had long been interested in making a line of Belgian beers, and the abbey's project provided a good opportunity. The first product, a Dubbel, was released in March 2011, followed in July by a Saison and in November by a Quadrupel. Sierra Nevada has dedicated a percentage of the beer sales to assist in funding the rebuilding project.

</doc>
<doc id="31124562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124562" title="The Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation">
The Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation

The Walter and Duncan Foundation was founded in 1965 by Walter L. Gordon, his wife, Elizabeth (née Counsell), and his brother, Duncan Gordon. It continues today as a private charitable foundation trying to improve public policy in Canada. Walter Gordon was a Canadian businessman and politician. Walter Gordon was the Minister of Finance from 1963- 1965 and the president of the Privy Council 1967-1968. Later on in his life Walter Gordon was the Chancellor of York University. Duncan Gordon was a chartered accountant at various Toronto firms.
The foundation continues to operate in Toronto, Ontario having two major areas of focus: the Arctic and Water Security.
Early years.
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s Walter and Duncan Gordon were committed to healthcare, the arts and public policy. Many hospitals, hospices and art programs in and around the Toronto area benefitted from the Gordon's commitment. Various Canadian think tanks such as the Canadian Institute of International Affairs (now the Canadian International Council) were supported by the Foundation. In addition the Foundation endowed the Walter Gordon Forum on Public Policy in 1990, which continues as an annual event at Massey College with the School of Public Policy and Global Governance at the University of Toronto.
The 1970s brought a refocus of funding towards peacekeeping as well as economic independence. Walter Gordon was cognizant of Canada's increasing economic interdependence with the United States. With this in mind the Foundation helped create the Committee for an Independent Canada.
During the 1970s and 1980s the Foundation focused much of their attention on peacekeeping, peacemaking and nuclear disarmament. There were many recipients of grants from the Foundation. A few of those receiving grants were Science for Peace, the Club of Rome, Amnesty International, Physicians for Social Responsibility, United Nations Association of Canada, and the Canadian Institute of Strategic Studies. The Foundation was also a key contributor to fighting Acid Rain in 1981 that later inspired amendments to the U.S. Clean Air Act of 1990.
After the death of Walter Gordon in 1987, Duncan Gordon asked Pierre Trudeau's former primary secretary and speechwriter Thomas Axworthy to help develop a focus for the foundation with regards to peace-building. After the death of Duncan Gordon later on that year, Walter Duncan's children took over the foundation and headed the board of directors. They also expanded the Foundation from a family to a private foundation model. With the overhaul of the foundation the directors decided to refocus the Foundation's mandate to concentrate on four areas of interest: secondary education; peace, security and conflict management; the environment and the Arctic.
1990s.
With the success of the amendments to the U.S. Clean Air Act the Foundation was interested in uphold its commitment to the environment. The Foundation started to focus on environmental policy and incorporating it into the federal government. The Foundation narrowed its environmental to focus air quality and water issues. In the 1990s the Foundation also was instrumental in creating the multi-million dollar initiatives: MiningWatch Canada, People for Education and the Manitoba School Improvement Program.
The other pillar of the Foundation was on peace, security and conflict management. Eventually this focus melded with their concentration on the Arctic. The Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation along with Science for Peace and Finnish researchers worked to initiate movements towards the creation of the Arctic Council. With the help of prominent Arctic scholars such as: Franklyn Griffiths, John Lamb and Bill Fox, politicians such as: Tony Penikett, and help from people from indigenous champions such as: Rosemarie Kuptana, Mary Simon, the Inuit Circumpolar Conference the Canadian government moved towards the creation of the Arctic Council and the creation of the Canadian Ambassador for Circumpolar Affairs in 1994. The Foundation also supported Sheila Watt-Cloutier during her leadership as the Chair of the Inuit Circumpolar Conference.
Currently.
In 2009, Dr. Thomas Axworthy became CEO and President of the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation. The Foundation has a continued interest in two pillars: Fresh Water and the Arctic. Both pillars are continually being developed and shaping the direction of the Foundation. The Foundation also has an active voice in advocating for a University in Canada's North. 2009 was a year of change at the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation, due to economic restraints some of the programs the Foundation had been involved in were wound down.
The Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation funded a legal analysis to allow First Nations to be eligible recipients of grants from foundations. Often, charities were unsure of whether or not they were legally allowed to make grants to First Nations and aboriginal organizations. The analysis supported by the Foundation led to a clarification of First Nations as legal donees under Canada Revenue Agency's Income Tax Act.
The Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation helped create the IBA Community Toolkit which is a resource to First Nation, Inuit and Métis communities to educate them about the benefit agreements in their areas. Though based around the mining sector the Toolkit aims to act as a guideline for communities "negotiators, and consultants to achieve positive agreements for Aboriginal communities" within the natural resource industry.
The Union of BC Indian Chiefs, Ecotrust Canada and the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation came together to fund and publish Living Proof. This book is aimed to be "a how-to manual to help readers design and run the data-collection component of a successful map project". "Living Proof" written by Terry N. Tobias is aimed to be a tool for indigenous use and occupancy map surveys.
In the 1990s the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation established a long standing relationship with David Schindler a limnologist at the University of Alberta. Most recently, the Foundation along with Tides Canada helped fund a study which "counter the reports by a joint industry-government panel that the pollutant levels are due to natural sources rather than human development" in the Alberta Oilsands.
The Circle on Philanthropy and Aboriginal Peoples is another collaboration that the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation has made a commitment to. The Circle on Philanthropy and Aboriginal Peoples is an "open network to promote giving, sharing, and social investing in Aboriginal communities across the country" 
Global Citizenship.
The Global Citizenship Program was suspended in 2010 after the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation's budget was restructured. The Global Citizenship Program ran from 2005-2010 by the former President and CEO of the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation Patrick Johnston. The aim of the program was to examine Canada's foreign aid architecture and to discuss Canada's role in the world.
Arctic Program.
The Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation have continued their commitment to the Canadian North by expanding their programming to the North. The Arctic Security Program in conjunction with the Canada Centre for Global Security Studies at the Munk School of Global Affairs has a 4-year mandate and is projected to continue until June 2014.
In January 2011 the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation along with the Canada Centre for Global Security Studies at the Munk School of Global Affairs released a public opinion poll focused on the global perceptions of Arctic Security called “Rethinking the Top of the World” The survey "included phone interviews with close to 2,800 Canadians, including 744 residents of the territories" along with residents of the seven other Arctic Council states (Russia, United States, Sweden, Norway, Finland, Iceland and Greenland/ Denmark) totaling 9,000 people. The survey findings garnered substantial media attention globally.
The Arctic Program focuses on Nunavut, Yukon and the Northwest Territories, as well as Northern Quebec (Nunavik) and Northern Labrador (Nunatsiavut). Other areas of focus for the Arctic Program are to encourage new leadership by a younger generation of Northern Canadians, greater equity in the North in terms of benefitting from natural resources, promoting the role of Northerners in all levels of government and lastly, "Supporting an agenda on Arctic Security that meets the needs of residents of the Arctic, and includes issues such as food security, search and rescue, and human and capital infrastructure" 
Fresh Water Program.
The Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation is also working towards "the development of a comprehensive legal, regulatory and citizen action framework for the purpose of protecting the quality and quantity of fresh water resources for future generations of Canadians." The Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation helps organize Canadian Water Week. The first annual Canada Water week took place in March 2011. From March 21–23, 2011 the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation along with the Inter-Action Council held a conference discussing global water security. The conference was chaired by Jean Chrétien the former Prime Minister of Canada, Olusegun Obasanjo the former President of Nigeria and former Chancellor of Austria Franz Vranitzky. Experts from all over the world were invited to discuss water security in the future and policy options. In May 2011, Tom Axworthy was appointed Secretary General of the InterAction Council further strengthening the ties between the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation and the InterAction Council.
The Fresh Water Program would like to influence a legal, regulatory and citizen action framework to protect Canada's water resources. The Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation support the implementation of a National Water Strategy to ensure access to drinking water to all Canadians. This includes the development and implementation of Regional Water Governance Frameworks. The Foundation would also like to strengthen "Canada's role in advancing Global Water Security, including issues related to conflict, development and human rights" 
The Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation are active funders of the Forum for Leadership in Water (FLOW) and Tides Canada. Both Tides Canada and FLOW are committed to water security and education for Canadians.
Jane Glassco Arctic Fellowship Program.
With the passing of Jane Glassco, the daughter of Walter and Elizabeth Gordon in 2010 an Arctic Fellowship Program was created. The fellowship program was created to help build a stronger North guided by Northerners. The recipients are young Northerners, many of which are of Aboriginal descent between the ages of 25-35. The J.M Kaplan Fund co-funds the Program.
Elizabeth L. Gordon Art Program.
During her lifetime Elizabeth Gordon was dedicated to the arts and supported the local arts. Her past contributions included funding to the Shaw Festival and the Art Gallery of Ontario. The goal of this Program is to help Ontario galleries expand their collections. The Elizabeth L. Gordon Art Program has been suspended for 2010 and 2011 but will be reintroduced in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31124568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124568" title="List of non-marine molluscs of Cameroon">
List of non-marine molluscs of Cameroon

The non-marine molluscs of Cameroon are a part of the molluscan fauna of Cameroon (wildlife of Cameroon).
A number of species of non-marine molluscs are found in the wild in Cameroon.
Freshwater gastropods.
Planorbidae
Lymnaeidae
Land gastropods.
Land gastropods in Cameroon include:
Streptaxidae
See also.
Lists of molluscs of surrounding countries:

</doc>
<doc id="31124600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124600" title="Na Hye-sok">
Na Hye-sok

Na Hye-sok (Hanja: 羅蕙錫, , 18 April 1896 – 10 December 1948) was a Korean poet, feminist writer, painter, educator, and journalist. Her pen name was Jeongwol (Hangul: 정월, 晶月).
She was the first female Korean artist of Western painting and the second Korean artist who held an oil painting exhibition. She became well known as a feminist with her criticism against the marital institution in the early 20th century.
Early life.
Na Hye-Sok was born in 1896 in Suwon, Gyeonggi Province, as the fourth child of a wealthy family. She was called Agi () and Myeong-soon () in her childhood. Hye-sok is the name given to her when she started attending Jin Myeong Girl's High School. Na demonstrated her artistic talent from an early age and graduated at the top of her class at Jin Myeong Girl's High School in 1913. Encouraged by her brother, Na entered Tokyo Women's Art College in Japan and studied western painting, which was thought impossible for a woman in male-centered Joseon society.
Career.
Na Hye-sok (1896–1948) was a pioneering Korean feminist writer and painter. She was the first female professional painter and the first feminist writer in Korea. She created some of the earliest Western paintings in Korea, and published feminist novels and short stories. Her major written work, Kyonghui (), published in 1918, concerns a woman's self-discovery and her subsequent search for meaning in life as a "new woman;" it is the first feminist short story in Korean literature.
After her graduation from Jin Myeong Girls' High School in 1913, Na majored in Western oil painting at Tokyo Arts College. In April 1915, Na became the main organizer of the Association of Korean Women Students in Japan. It was around this time that she fell in love with Ch'oe Sung-gu, a student at Keio University and the then editor and publisher of the magazine Hakchigwang. The relationship between Na and Ch'oe was highly publicized among Korean students in Japan, as was Na's close literary and personal association with Yi Kwang-su. In the spring of 1915, Na's father summoned her back home and pressured her to accept a marriage proposal from a well-established family; Na was able to escape this by finding a teaching position in a primary school, according to her later account. After a year of teaching and saving money for her tuition, Na returned to Tokyo toward the end of 1915 to resume her studies. In April 1916, however, Ch'oe Sung-gu died of tuberculosis, and Na had to temporarily stop her studies while recovering from a mental breakdown.
In 1920, Na Hye-sok, along with Kim Won-ju and ten men, established the literary magazine P-yeho. Early in the 1920s, both Kim and Na contributed a series of articles to the first magazine for Korean women, called "Sinyoja" ("New Woman"), on the subject of improving Korean women's clothing. They argued for a more functional and practical outfit for Korean women to help improve their hygiene, health, and self-image, and denounced traditional Korean dresses which were designed with no consideration for women's physical comfort, protection, and convenience.
On April 10, 1920, she was married to Kim Woo-young, in Jeongdong wedding hall, Seoul. Theirs was a love marriage, rare at the time in Korea.
In 1927 Na Hye-sok and her husband went on a three-year tour of Europe. While in Paris, with her husband away, she is said to have engaged in an affair with Cheondo-gyo leader Choi Rin, which became fodder for gossip columnists. Na Hye-sok's husband divorced her on grounds of infidelity in 1931. It is not known whether she truly was unfaithful; her diary shows that up to her late 1930s she tried hard to remain loyal to traditional Korean wifely and maternal roles in spite of the many humiliations and frustrations of her unhappy marriage. In any case, she came to be thought of and stigmatized as a woman who used her artistic pretensions as an excuse for sexual abandon.
Despite the divorce and disgraceful reputation, Na continued painting and won a special prize at the 10th Joseon Art Exhibition in 1931. She also published a piece called “A Divorce Confession” in the Samcheolli magazine in 1934, raising issues with gender inequality endorsed by Korean morality and tradition. She challenged the patriarchal social system and male-oriented mentality of Korean society at the time.
She died alone on December 10, 1948 at a hospital for vagrants. Having had no one to care for her in the later days, the location of her grave is still unknown. Her fate was often used to scold young Korean woman who had literary or artistic ambitions; "Do you want to become another Na Hye-sok?" was a frequent reprimand to daughters and younger sisters. However, she has recently been acknowledged in Korea for her artistic and literary accomplishments. For example, Seoul Arts Center opened a retrospective exhibition of her works in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31124609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124609" title="Aphytis mytilaspidis">
Aphytis mytilaspidis

Aphytis mytilaspidis is a species of chalcid wasp in the Aphelinidae family. The adults feed on scale insects and the larvae are ectoparasites of scales.
Distribution.
"Aphytis mytilaspidis" occurs in Europe and much of Asia, in South Africa, North America, Mexico, Argentina and Chile. It was first recorded in New Zealand in 1935.
Description.
The adult "Aphytis mytilaspidis" is yellowish-orange and about two millimetres long. It has transparent wings and two compound and three simple black eyes. 
Host species.
"Aphytis mytilaspidis" parasitises a number of scale insects including "Asterolecanium pustulans", "Asterolecanium variolosum" in the Asterolecaniidae family, "Chloropulvinaria psidii" and "Pulvinaria psidii" in the Coccidae family and many armoured scales in the Diaspididae family. In Serbia this species is an ectoparasitoid of "Epidiaspis leperii", an armoured scale insect found on fruit trees. 
Biology.
"Aphytis mytilaspidis" is a solitary wasp whose life history is closely linked to its host scale insects. The adult female feeds by piercing the scale with its ovipositor and then sucking out the juices with its feeding tube. Although "Lepidosaphes ulmi" seems to be the preferred host in New Zealand, this wasp has been reported as being the most common parasitoid attacking "Quadraspidiotus ostreaeformis". 
The adult female lands on a scale and palpates it several times with her antennae working from the centre towards the edge. She then thrusts her ovipostor through the scale and deposits an egg beside the soft body of the scale insect. The larva feeds on this and moults three times before becoming a prepupa. It is protected during this time by the scale and completely consumes the insect. After pupation, the adult wasp emerges through an oval hole in the scale. There are several generations of the wasp each year and it overwinters in the larval stage. The female can lay between thirty and sixty eggs during her lifetime.
Males are unknown in this species and the adults are all females. During reproduction, the eggs remain unfertilised and thus have half the number of chromosomes of a normal cell. It has been shown that diploidy is restored by terminal fusion. After the first stage of meiosis, the pronucleus fuses with its sister polar nucleus, thus restoring the correct number of chromosomes.
Biological control.
"Aphytis mytilaspidis" was introduced into Mauritius in 1983 in an attempt to control "Melanaspis glomerata" on sugar cane but did not become established. In California, this wasp has been used successfully to control fig scale ("Lepidosaphes conchiformis"). In Mediterranean areas it is used against oystershell scale ("Lepidosaphes ulmi") and in many countries against pine needle scale ("Phenacaspis pinifoliae") and aspidistra scale ("Pinnaspis aspidistrae").

</doc>
<doc id="31124617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124617" title="Buck Saunders">
Buck Saunders

Buck Saunders was a blocking back in the National Football League. He was a member of the Toledo Maroons during the 1922 NFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="31124647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124647" title="Thecontrollersphere">
Thecontrollersphere

thecontrollersphere is an EP from indie pop band of Montreal. It was made available for pre-order and instant download from Polyvinyl on March 4, 2011 and was officially released on April 26, 2011. The EP consists of tracks recorded along with the album "False Priest".

</doc>
<doc id="31124673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124673" title="Post-Balzac">
Post-Balzac

Post-Balzac is a bronze sculpture by Judith Shea created in 1991 in an edition of three copies.
It was exhibited at the White House, and the John and Mary Pappajohn Sculpture Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31124715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124715" title="Constantin Pecqueur">
Constantin Pecqueur

Constantin Pecqueur (1801–1887) was a French economist, socialist theoretician and politician. He participated in the Revolution of 1848 and influenced Karl Marx.
Life and Thought.
Charles Constantin Pecqueur was born into a wealthy upper-middle-class family in the "Department du Nord"; his town of birth is variously given as Arleux or Douai. He studied engineering and mathematics. He worked for a time as a geometer. In the 1820s he entered the Military Teaching Hospital in Lille, where he completed a treatise on education and became interested in utopian socialist theories. In 1830 he moved to Paris. At first he joined the followers of Saint-Simon. He contributed to "Le Globe" and other Saint-Simonian papers, but left the Saint-Simonian school in 1832, dissatisfied with the religious direction in which Prosper Enfantin was taking it. Until 1836 he belonged to the school of Fourier and joined a phalanstère or Fourierist community. He wrote a biography of Fourier in 1835 and contributed to various Fourierist journals. In 1836 he left the Fourierists, publishing a critique of their system, and developed his own theories. He remained close, however, to some of his friends from the Saint-Simonian and Fourierist schools, such as Pierre Leroux and Victor Considerant.
In contrast to these theorists, Pecqueur was one of the earliest French socialists to advocate collective ownership of the means of production, distribution and exchange. He is sometimes called the 'father of French collectivist socialism.' In the 1830s Pecqueur made his name as a highly respected socialist economist. His writings included "Intérêt du commerce et de l'industrie" (1836), "Améliorations matérielles" (1839), "La réforme électorale" (1840), "Théories nouvelles d'économie sociale et politique" (1842), "De la paix, de son principe et de sa réalisation" (1842), "Des armées dans leurs rapports avec l'industrie" (1842) and "La République de Dieu" (1844).
Among other works, particular notice accrued to his two-volume opus "Economie sociale des interets du commerce, de l'industrie, de l'agriculture et de la civilisation en général, sous l'influence de l'application de la vapeur" (1839). In this work, Pecqueur tried to show that changes in material conditions, such as the introduction of steam power, produce changes in intellectual development. The French Academy of Moral and Political Sciences awarded him a prize. Karl Marx also praised Pecqueur's materialist method. Marx later frequently cited Pecaueur as an authority in "Capital" and other economic writings. In contrast to many of his utopian socialist contemporaries, and again anticipating Marx' view, Pecquer did not see the development of industrial production as predominantly negative. He welcomed the greater productive capacity of industry but thought that capitalist relations of ownership prevented the full productive potential of industrial technology from being realised. Industry should therefore be nationalised and organised for the common benefit. (However, Pecqueur's materialism was confinded to economics, sociology and historical analysis. Metaphysically he was not a materialist but shared the deistic religiosity of many French republicans.)
In 1839, Pecqueur was commissioned by the French government to make a study of the Belgian railway system, which was more advanced than that of France. He recommended government investment in railway construction.
In 1844, Pecqueur became a regular contributor to the leading democratic newspaper, "La Réforme", edited by the left-wing republican Alexandre Ledru-Rollin. This gave him a wider platform for his ideas and put him in contact with other major republican socialist figures of the period, including the economist Louis Blanc. In 1848, Pecqueur supported the February Revolution. When Blanc became Minister of Labour in the new Provisional Government of the Second Republic, he set up the Luxembourg Commission on the question of 'the organisation of labour' and appointed Pecqueur to its panel. Among his colleagues at the Luxembourg Commission were the orthodox liberal economist Pierre Le Play and the Fourierist socialist Victor Considerant. Pecqueur and Considerant collaborated quite closely and tried unsuccessfully to introduce several reforms, such as collective bargaining and government funding for agricultural colonies, social housing and co-operative workshops. Pecqueur was also nominated to the position of assistant director of the Bibliothèque Nationale. Under the "nom de plume" 'Greppo', he published a popular book called "Catéchisme social" (1848) to popularise his ideas. He also maintained contact with republican communists like Jean-Jacques Pillot.
In 1848-49, Pecqueur edited the journal "Le Salut du People" he had founded, devoted to social science and socialist politics. In its pages he carried on a polemic against Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, the famous anarchist social theorist and economist. Proudhon had sharply criticised the work of the Luxembourg Commission and Louis Blanc's role in the bourgeois Provisional Government. In turn, Pecqueur accused Proudhon of plagiarising Fourier's ideas; in particular, he charged that Proudhon's project of a 'People's Bank' of mutual exchange was an idea taken from Fourier.
Pecqueur was also notable for his efforts on behalf of international understanding. At a time when French socialism and republicanism were commonly associated with nationalism, Pecqueur was a professed internationalism who believed that the workers of different countries had common interests, and that conflicts between nations should be solved not by war but by means of international organs of mediation. He proposed an international federation of all nations, anticipating the idea of a United Nations. He also championed the idea of a European Parliament. He was involved in various pacifist associations in the 1870s and '80s. Other notable proposals of his included the idea of public transit.
Pecqueur remained a member of the National Assembly until 1852, but after the "coup d'état" of Louis Bonaparte he largely withdrew from political activity. In the 1860s he provided advice to Benoît Malon and the nascent French trade union movement. He died in Taverny in 1887. His extant papers, letters and manuscripts are kept at the International Institute of Social History in Amsterdam. A small place and a metro station in Paris are named after him.
Quote on Pecqueur.
"Pecqueur's originality as a theorist rests on his understanding of the consequences inherent in the industrial revolution. In his writings he developed a rudimentary sociology of class and a general theory of historical development which formed a link between Saint-Simonism and Marxism."—George Lichtheim.

</doc>
<doc id="31124720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124720" title="Radical 36">
Radical 36

Radical 36 meaning "evening" or "sunset" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 34 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31124737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124737" title="National Highway 1 (Djibouti)">
National Highway 1 (Djibouti)

National Highway 1 is a major national highway of Djibouti. It connects the suburbs of Djibouti City to Yoboki and the Ethiopian border near Galafi, where it becomes Ethiopia's National Highway 18. The highway begins at a roundabout in Djibouti City at , near Colege De Fukuzawa, where it connects with National Highway 2 and National Highway 3. National Highway 1 is 211 km (131 mi) in length and passes through the regions of Djibouti Region, Arta Region, Ali Sabieh Region and Dikhil Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31124752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124752" title="1990 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament">
1990 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament

1990 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament<br>
March 8–11, Orlando Arena<br>
Orlando, Florida<br>
Attendance: 75,982

</doc>
<doc id="31124757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124757" title="Maidstone Borough Council election, 2008">
Maidstone Borough Council election, 2008

The 2008 Maidstone Council election took place on 1 May 2008 to elect members of Maidstone Borough Council in Kent, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Background.
Before the election the Conservatives were the largest party on the council with 27 seats, but did not have a majority. The council however was run by a coalition of the other groups, with the Liberal Democrats leading an alliance with Labour and the independents. Between them these groups had 28 seats, until the resignation of Liberal Democrat councillor Peter Hooper, after he was arrested in relation to a computer-related crime, left them with the same number of seats as the Conservatives.
19 seats were being contested in the election, with the Conservatives defending 8 and the Liberal Democrats 7.
Election result.
The results saw the Conservatives gain a majority of the council after making a net gain of 2 seats, in what was the first time any party had a majority on the council for 25 years. The Conservatives went up to 29 seats, while the Liberal Democrats dropped one seat to 20. The Labour group leader Morel D'Souza was defeated in Fant ward and his party was reduced to just 1 seat. Meanwhile the independents went up by 1 seat to have 5 seats on the council. Overall turnout in the election was 35.58%.

</doc>
<doc id="31124765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124765" title="Finnish pollution control vessel Louhi">
Finnish pollution control vessel Louhi

Louhi (pennant number 999) is a Finnish multipurpose oil and chemical spill response vessel owned by the Finnish Environment Institute (SYKE), but manned and operated by the Finnish Navy. The ship, ordered in 2007, was built by Uki Workboat in Uusikaupunki, Finland, and entered service in May 2011.
History.
Development and construction.
The development of the new multipurpose vessel began on 25 May 2003 when the Ministry of Transport and Communications appointed a work group to investigate the technical requirements and economic aspects of building a new multipurpose icebreaker capable of combating oil and chemical spills around the year. The amount of oil transported in the Gulf of Finland had increased from a mere 15 million tons per year in the early 1990s to 69 million tons in 2003 and was expected to reach 130 million tons by 2010 after the new Russian oil terminals became operational, increasing the risk of a large spill in the vulnerable sea area considerably. While Finland already had a fleet of vessels with oil recovery equipment, none of them were capable of collecting spilled oil efficiently in heavy seas or in ice. The new multipurpose icebreaker would be designed to be capable of recovering spilled oil and chemicals in both open water and ice conditions, extinguishing shipboard fires and emergency towing of the largest merchant ships operating in the Gulf of Finland. The new vessel would also have sufficient icebreaking capability to assist oil tankers to the Kilpilahti oil refinery in Porvoo during winter. However, in the interim report, published on 30 September 2003, the work group noted that unless other work outside the winter months could be arranged and the new multipurpose icebreaker would have to spend the rest of the year in pollution control readiness, the operating expenses would be very high.
The work group published its final report on 31 December 2003 and came to a conclusion that while the proposed vessel would definitely be needed and it would be technically possible to construct one, fulfilling the requirements of the different operators with a single ship would be difficult and, as noted before, remaining on standby during the open water season would be very expensive. The work group estimated that the purchase price of the vessel would be 30–70 million euro. One of the proposed alternatives was the conversion of the Finnish multipurpose icebreaker "Fennica", built in 1993, to a spill response vessel, but this was not pursued further.
The decision of ordering the new multipurpose icebreaker was made in late 2004 and the Finnish Environment Institute and the Finnish Maritime Administration were authorized by the Government to make an agreement on the vessel and launch a request for tenders in early 2005. The new oil spill response vessel was expected to enter service in 2007. However, only a few offers were received and the new vessel, for which 134 million euro was reserved in the budget, turned out to be more expensive than expected. After evaluating more economic alternatives in October 2005 the committee working on the project came to a conclusion that a new multipurpose oil recovery vessel would still be the best solution to improve spill response readiness. 35 million euro were allocated for the purchasing of the new vessel.
The Finnish Environment Institute sent offers to several shipyards, both domestic and foreign, during the spring 2007. Construction of the new vessel was awarded to the Finnish shipyard UKI Workboat Ltd (Uudenkaupungin Työvene Oy) and the contract, worth 48 million euro, was signed on 26 October 2007. As the new vessel was more expensive than initially planned, an additional 13 million euro was allocated for the purchase in the supplementary budget. The vessel, expected to enter service in 2010–2011, would be operated by the Finnish Navy and based in Upinniemi, where it would replace the aging spill response vessel "Hylje". The ship underwent sea trials in early 2011 and was commissioned in May.
Naming.
On 8 March 2011, the new multipurpose spill response vessel became the third ship of the Finnish Navy to be named after Louhi, the queen of Pohjola in the Finnish mythology. Its pennant number is 999.
The first "Louhi" was a minelayer, built in 1917 as "Voin", that was left behind by withdrawing Russian Navy. The newly founded Finnish Navy acquired the ship and renamed it first "M-1" ("Miinalaiva 1", Finnish for "Minelayer 1") in 1918 and finally "Louhi" in 1936. On 12 January 1945, when the ship was laying mines with minelayer "Ruotsinsalmi" at the Gulf of Finland, it was hit either by a mine or a torpedo from a German U-boat. The first "Louhi" sank in two minutes with a loss of 11 lives.
The second "Louhi" was built in 1939 as icebreaker "Sisu" and handed over to the Navy in 1970, renamed and given pennant number 90. The ship served as a support ship for "Tuima" class missile boats and "Turunmaa" class gunboats, towing them during transit journeys. The second "Louhi" was decommissioned and scrapped in 1986 mainly because it had become nearly impossible to get spare parts for the old engines.
Operational career.
On 24 December 2011 "Louhi" and "Linja", another Finnish spill response vessel, were dispatched to the Gulf of Bothnia as a precation after a tall oil spill from Arizona Chemical plant near Söderhamn in Sweden. While Sweden had not send an official request for assistance yet, the Finnish recovery ships prepared to join the spill combating operation if the oil slick, at that time some northeast from Söderhamn, started drifting towards the Finnish coast. Although "Louhi" can operate in relatively high seas, the recovery effort was hindered and subsequently the oil slick was broken up by the storm on 27 December 2011. When "Louhi" moved to the recovery area on 28 December, the slick could not be located and only of weathered oil was recovered.
Mission.
Due to the sensitive ecology of the Baltic Sea, it has been agreed in the Helsinki Convention (HELCOM) that instead of using dispersants to dissolve the oil slicks, combatting the spills is based on mechanical recovery using oil booms to limit the spill and skimmers to collect the oil from the surface as quickly and completely as possible. For this purpose every Finnish pollution control vessel is equipped with permanently installed built-in recovery equipment and such systems have also been installed on several patrol vessels of the Finnish Border Guard. As the primary mission of the new vessel is pollution prevention, the ship has an extensive array of equipment capable of detecting and recovering spilled oil and chemicals in open water, high seas and ice conditions. Some of the equipment, such as an oil-detecting radar and a thermographic camera in the mast, are used for the first time in a Finnish oil recovery vessel. In addition the ship has a weather station and a wet laboratory capable of analyzing water samples automatically.
In addition to environmental duties, "Louhi" can also be used as a support ship for underwater operations by the Finnish Navy. The vessel has facilities for divers, a moon pool and remotely operated underwater vehicles (ROVs), and it can be used to lay and recover submarine communications cable which is stored in the ship's recovery tanks. During crisis time the ship, capable of carrying 1,000 tons of fuel and 100 tons of cargo, can be armed with one 40 mm main gun, two 12.7 mm machine guns and naval mines, and used to supply island forts and other naval vessels.
Design.
General characteristics.
"Louhi" is long, wide and has a draught of . At 3,450 tons, it is the largest ship by displacement currently in service in the Finnish Navy and the third largest ever, second only to the coastal defence ships "Väinämöinen" and "Ilmarinen".
The ship is built according to Germanischer Lloyd rules for classification with class notation of "GL 100 A5, E4, NAV-OC, Tug, Supply Vessel, Marine Pollution Response Vessel, Oil Recovery Vessel, Chemical Recovery Vessel" for the ship and "GL MC, E4, AUT, FF1" for the machinery. The vessel is built to the highest Finnish-Swedish ice class, 1A Super, with special consideration for the dimensioning of the propulsion and hull to meet the requirements for icebreaking capability as the Finnish-Swedish ice class rules do not extend to icebreaking vessels.
Power and propulsion.
Electricity is produced by four 9-cylinder Wärtsilä 9L20 4-stroke medium-speed diesel generating sets with a combined output of . The generators provide power for all shipboard consumers, including two 2,700 kW Z-drive thrusters with 3.1-metre () four-bladed propellers and a 500 kW bow thruster. The diesel-electric azimuth thrusters, manufactured by Rolls-Royce, give the vessel excellent maneuverability at low speeds, stationkeeping and dynamic positioning capability, and a towing capacity of .
"Louhi" has icebreaking capabilities second only to real icebreakers. The ship is designed to maintain a continuous speed of in ice and in ice, both with a snow cover. Additionally the vessel is designed to be capable of penetrating an ice ridge with a maximum thickness of with a single ram starting from , maintain a speed of in thick brash ice channel and be capable of operating in brash ice channels up to thick. In open water the ship has a service speed of .
The operational range of the vessel is and the provisions give the ship an endurance of 20 days.
Recovery equipment.
The mechanical oil recovery equipment onboard "Louhi" is based on the same stiff brush technology that has been proved to be effective by the previous Finnish spill response vessels. The vessel is equipped with three different types of recovery systems developed and manufactured by Lamor, each suitable for specific weather conditions. The equipment is fully mechanized, remotely controlled and capable of deploying to operational mode in 10 minutes per side. The fourth system, designed for difficult ice conditions, is an innovation developed by the Finnish Environment Institute.
In open water, the ship uses a permanently installed advancing system which consists of outriggers and sweeping booms on both sides of the ship that recover oil and debris from a wide area as the vessel moves forwards with a constant speed of . The polluted material is collected in side boxes inside the ship where they are separated from the water for processing by brush conveyors. The sweeping width of the advancing system is , second only to the Finnish icebreaker "Kontio" that has been equipped for oil recovery by the European Maritime Safety Agency and has a sweeping width of approximately .
However, as the advancing system can only be used effectively in calm seas with significant wave height below one metre, "Louhi" is also equipped with a special "wave damping tank", an innovation used for the first time in a Finnish recovery vessel, that can be used in combination with the aforementioned stiff brush conveyors and a shorter sweeping boom to collect oil in swell. The system consists of a dampening channel that guides the oil to the recovery system on the other side of the ship. Spilled oil surrounded by oil booms can also be collected by two free-floating skimmers connected to the vessel by a flexible pipe.
As the recovery systems designed for open water can not be used efficiently or at all during wintertime, "Louhi" is also equipped with two recovery systems capable of collecting spilled oil from the sea in difficult ice conditions and clean ice blocks covered in oil. The main recovery system consists of four large brushes controlled by individual crane arms installed on the stern deck. The system, developed specifically for this vessel, has a sweeping width of and recovers oil from the sea as the vessel moves astern in ice. In addition the vessel has two Lamor LRB-series oil recovery buckets that have large rotating brushes that resemble those of street sweepers and are used in a similar fashion. Despite their limited recovery capacity, the brush buckets operated by the ship's cranes have been proven to be effective in ice conditions in the past, such as that of "Runner 4" in 2006.
The recovery tanks, equipped with heating and an inert gas system that uses nitrogen to displace explosive gases, have a total capacity of 1,200 cubic metres for spilled oil and 200 cubic metres for chemicals. In addition to recovery equipment the vessel carries of heavy duty oil boom.
When the light components in crude oil evaporate over time, they form an explosive compound with air. For this reason special attention has been paid to prevent sparks and high surface temperatures in the ship and its equipment. In case of chemical spills, the ship can be overpressurized to prevent potentially toxic chemical substances from entering the ship and harming its crew. In such situation, the outer decks can be accessed via air locks.

</doc>
<doc id="31124790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124790" title="Tony Gerber">
Tony Gerber

Tony Gerber is a filmmaker and the co-founder of Market Road Films, an independent production company. Gerber was born in New York City and lives in Brooklyn, New York with his wife, playwright Lynn Nottage, and their two children. 
Career.
Gerber is the director, producer and cinematographer of the award-winning and critically acclaimed film "Full Battle Rattle" about life inside the US Army’s Iraq simulation in the California desert. "Full Battle Rattle" had its world premiere at the 2008 Berlinale and went on to win the Special Jury Prize at its US premiere at the SXSW Film Festival in Austin, Texas. The film was broadcast on the National Geographic Channel and has played in festivals around the world. 
Previous work includes the feature film, "Side Streets" (Executive Produced by Merchant Ivory and released by IFC) starring Rosario Dawson, Valeria Golino and Bollywood legend Shashi Kapoor. The critically acclaimed film had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival and its US premiere at Sundance. In addition to independent films and television commissions, Gerber collaborates with cutting edge visual artists including Ann Sofi Siden on "QM, I Think I’ll Call Her QM" and Matthew Barney on "Drawing Restraint 9" (starring Björk), "Cremaster IV" and the upcoming "Ren". He directed the film "Congo Bush Pilots" for National Geographic Explorer, chronicling the lives of ex-pat flyers in the midst of one of the world’s worst humanitarian crises. The documentary special was shot entirely on location in the war-torn Democratic Republic of Congo and is being developed into a documentary series. He most recently shot and directed "Secret History of Diamonds" for National Geographic Explorer. This documentary was made on location in Angola, Botswana and Antwerp. His previous film work in television earned him two Emmy Awards. He is currently in development on a feature film based on Lynn Nottage’s play "Mud, River, Stone." 
Works.
National Geographic Explorer (TV series documentary) 
Feature Films
Short Films
Games

</doc>
<doc id="31124794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124794" title="Exit Wounds (disambiguation)">
Exit Wounds (disambiguation)

Exit Wounds is a 2001 American action film.
Exit Wounds may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31124804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124804" title="Hellhole (novel)">
Hellhole (novel)

Hellhole is the first book in the Hellhole science fiction trilogy by "New York Times" best selling authors Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson.
Plot.
Only the most desperate colonists dare to make a new home on Hellhole. Reeling from a recent asteroid impact, tortured with horrific storms, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, and churning volcanic eruptions, the planet is a dumping ground for undesirables, misfits, and charlatans…but also a haven for dreamers and independent pioneers.
Against all odds, an exiled general named Adolphus has turned Hellhole into a place of real opportunity for the desperate colonists who call the planet their home. While the colonists are hard at work developing the planet, General Adolphus secretly builds alliances with the leaders of the other Deep Zone worlds, forming a clandestine coalition against the tyrannical, fossilized government responsible for their exile.
What no one knows is this: the planet Hellhole, though damaged and volatile, hides an amazing secret. Deep beneath its surface lies the remnants of an obliterated alien civilization and the buried memories of its unrecorded past that, when unearthed, could tear the galaxy apart.
Characters.
"Hellhole" includes the following characters:
The Constellation.
The Crown Jewels are the twenty core planets in the Constellation. They are the most highly populated and considered to be the most civilized. These planets are ruled by nobles who constantly jockey for increased power.
The Deep Zone is made up of the fifty four frontier worlds of the Constellation, recently opened for settlement. They are administered by government appointed Governors and pay constantly increased tribute to the Crown Jewels.
Reception.
"Publishers Weekly" wrote that the "characters are one-dimensional, and the tale has an unsatisfying cliffhanger conclusion", while "Booklist" found the characters "easy for the reader to believe in, brought to life through not only their own emotions but also the responses and thoughts of the individuals around them ".

</doc>
<doc id="31124805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124805" title="Bill Maloney">
Bill Maloney

Bill Maloney is a businessman and a two-time candidate for the governorship of West Virginia. He was the Republican nominee in the 2011 West Virginia gubernatorial special election, in which he lost by 7,546 votes, and again for the regular election in 2012, which he lost by 31,434 votes.
Maloney co-founded a drilling company in 1984. He was involved in the Plan B rescue attempt during the 2010 Chilean mine disaster. He lives in Morgantown, West Virginia. 
Business career.
With a business partner, Maloney founded a company called North American Drillers in Morgantown in 1984. The company specialized in drilling large-diameter shafts for the coal, oil and natural gas industries. The business grew to 150 employees when Maloney sold his interest in 2006. Maloney has also invested in start-up companies.
Maloney is a member of the Society of Mining Engineers, the West Virginia Coal Mining Institute, the Independent Oil and Gas Association of West Virginia, and the National Groundwater Association. He is a past chairman of the West Virginia chapter of Associated Builders and Contractors.
Chilean mine rescue.
Maloney used his drilling expertise in support of the Plan B attempt to rescue the 33 trapped Chilean miners. Maloney joined the Center Rock team led by Brandon Fisher. Maloney had invested in Fisher's company as start-up. The Plan B effort was ultimately successful, and the miners were saved.
Since returning to the United States, Maloney founded the Mine Rescue Drilling Fund, which supports mine rescues efforts and mine rescue technology in the United States.
Political career.
Campaign for West Virginia governor, 2011.
Maloney declared his campaign for governor in February. He ran in the special election to fill the unexpired term of Joe Manchin. 
Maloney's name was listed first on the Republican primary ballot.
Maloney is a conservative Republican. He wanted to reform the state's tax structure and legal system.
Maloney won the May 14 primary election with 45% of the vote, but lost the general election to Acting Governor Earl Ray Tomblin by less than 3%.
Campaign for West Virginia governor, 2012.
Maloney defeated Ralph William Clark in the May 8, 2012 primary election to become the Republican nominee. He faced Governor Earl Ray Tomblin and lost by 4.7%.
Personal life.
Maloney is married to Sharon, and they have two adult daughters and one grandson. He has a degree in industrial engineering from Lehigh University. Maloney is a member of Chestnut Ridge Church.

</doc>
<doc id="31124828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124828" title="International Conference on Afghanistan, The Hague (2009)">
International Conference on Afghanistan, The Hague (2009)

On March 31, 2009 an International Conference on Afghanistan (subtitled: "The Afghanistan Conference 2009: A Comprehensive Strategy in a Regional Context") was held in the World Forum Convention Center in The Hague where members of the international community discussed the future of Afghanistan. The one-day conference, hosted by the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the United Nations and the government of Afghanistan, followed up on several earlier conferences.
The conference took place shortly after the conference in Moscow which was organized by the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation on March 27, 2009 with the presence of junior ministers of Iran and the United States. Shortly thereafter the summit of government leaders of the NATO was held. The conference in The Hague was attended by delegations from 73 countries and chaired by the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and as co-chairs special UN emissary Kai Eide and the Afghan foreign minister Rangin Dadfar Spanta. The organisation of the event was realized within three weeks.
Background.
The conference in The Hague followed a year after the NATO summit in Bucharest and little more than a year after the big donor conference for Afghanistan in Paris.
In 2010 the period in which the international community had come to agree during a conference in London to follow a mutual strategy (called the Afghanistan Compact) with the Afghan government had come to agree to follow a mutual strategy would end.
Discussions.
Dutch foreign minister Maxime Verhagen stated that the conference in The Hague was an opportunity to restate and intensivate the engagement of the international community in Afghanistan. Therefore all countries were invited which were involved with Afghanistan, ISAF partners, neighboring countries but also countries which were essential for logistical support of amongst others the ISAF mission. In total 73 countries of which only one (Uzbekistan) declined the invitation.
According to Verhagen the conference would look ahead to the near future in a ""constructive-critical way"" The discussion should focus on the fields in which the international community and the Afghan government had resulted in success and those in which success wasn't achieved and how they could be improved.
The conference also focused on the fight against international terrorism. According to U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Afghanistan and Pakistan should be seen as ""a single strategic concern"". The border area with Pakistan was seen as the ""nerve center"" of the extremists who plotted the September 11 attacks, the Madrid train bombings, the 7/7 bombings, the murder of the Benazir Bhutto and the Mumbai attacks. As a consequence of this insight the phrase ""Af-Pak strategy"" was used for the ""theatre"" on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistan border.
Final declaration.
In the final declaration it was pleaded that the UN would play a more active role in the development of Afghanistan, more concretely that the UN would support and aid the organization of the next elections in Afghanistan, so the trust of the Afghan people could be won and democracy could be consolidated. The attending delegates put a special emphasis on a broad as possible participation of both men and women. Also corruption should be fought intensively. Also emphasized was ""promoting good governance"", the acceleration of economic growth and development, improving security and the widening of regional cooperation, in which the neighbouring country of Pakistan was explicitly discussed. Minister Verhagen spoke of ""Afghanisation"", the transfer of security tasks to the Afghan army and police. He said: ""If in a few years we see a safer Afghanistan and when the Afghans can take care of the security and development of Afghanistan, then this conference is a success.""
Results.
The conference showed a consensus between all parties to strengthen the Afghan Army, police and other security services. This was one of the most important goals which was formulated. NATO Secretary-General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer urged the delegations to help finance a special NATO fund of 1.6 billions dollar, which would be spent on equipment, training and building an infrastructure for the Afghan army.
The growth of the police would follow after the strengthening of the armed forces. The police should grow from 76.000 partly poorly trained officers to a well-trained force of 82.000 officers.
Apart from that the country needed large-scale ""civil programs"" to support the government. Fighting corruption and training competent leaders and civil servants should be central.
The Afghan president Hamid Karzai acknowledged that Afghanistan suffered from corruption and poor governance and promised to change that.
Afghanistan should be helped to develop economically. Agriculture (especially alternatives for the growing of poppies), water management and energy production were seen as priorities.
The conference was seen as declaration of intent which increased the support for the new Afghanistan policies of the United States, which had announced before the conference to send 21,000 extra military personnel to Afghanistan (of which 4.000 would provide education). Almost all invited countries declared to give this initiative of the new American government a serious chance.
The conference was followed by a conference in London on January 28, 2010.
Invited countries.
Afghanistan, Albania, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Brunei, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Georgia, Greece, Hungary Iceland, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Iran, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kirghizia, Kuwait, Latvia, Libya, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malaysia, Malta, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Korea, Spain, Tajikistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan*, Turkey, Turkmenistan, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States, Sweden, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="31124834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124834" title="Raul Rebane">
Raul Rebane

Raul Rebane (born 6 October 1953 in Pärnu) is an Estonian journalist and communication consultant.
Raul Rebane graduated from the University of Tartu in 1977 with a degree in journalism. 1977–1997 worked in ETV (Estonian Television) as a sports commentator, editor and program manager. Has worked 11 times in the Olympic Games as a commentator, team manager and member of the EBU's (European Broadcasting Union) Information Group.
Since 1999 has been working as a consultant, teacher and strategy adviser. Since 2000 he is discus thrower Gerd Kanter's team manager.
Raul Rebane is a candidate of master in chess.

</doc>
<doc id="31124836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124836" title="National Highway 2 (Djibouti)">
National Highway 2 (Djibouti)

National Highway 2 is a major national highway of Djibouti. It connects Djibouti City to Loyada and the Somalian border, where it continues to Saylac. The highway begins at a roundabout in Djibouti City at where it becomes National Highway 1. It passes through the city and for much of its length passes along the coast of Djibouti on the way to Loyada.

</doc>
<doc id="31124839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124839" title="Attica and Boeotia Prefecture">
Attica and Boeotia Prefecture

Attica and Boeotia Prefecture () was a prefecture of Greece. It was first established in 1833, abolished in 1836 and reconstituted in 1845. The prefecture was split up into separate Attica and Boeotia prefectures in the 1899 reform, but this was reverted in 1909. The prefecture finally ceased to exist in 1943, when it was again split up into Attica and Boeotia (Law 223Α/26-7-1943).

</doc>
<doc id="31124844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124844" title="Taylor Walker (Days of our Lives)">
Taylor Walker (Days of our Lives)

Taylor Walker (born Mendez) is a fictional character from the American NBC soap opera, "Days of our Lives", a long-running series about working-class life in the fictional town of Salem. She was introduced in 1998 by head writer Sally Sussman Morina, and executive producer Ken Corday by actress Katherine Ellis. The character was reintroduced in 2011, by former "General Hospital" actresses Natalia Livingston and Tamara Braun, the latter of whom previously portrayed the character of Ava Vitali. Her last appearance was on September 22, 2011.
Casting.
Actress Katherine Ellis introduced the character in 1998, before leaving the series a year later in 1999. In 2010, the series announced their intentions to bring the character back to the screen, this time portrayed by former "General Hospital" actress Natalia Livingston, best known for her role as Emily Quartermaine. However, after only three weeks of airing, the show announced the role of Taylor would be recast with Tamara Braun, who worked with Livingston on "General Hospital" when she appeared as Carly Corinthos. Braun also previously appeared on "Days of our Lives" as Ava Vitali. "Days of our Lives" co-executive producer Greg Meng stated, "It was decided to take the character of Taylor in a new direction. Natalia Livingston is an amazing actress and a consummate professional. She is a class act and everyone at the studio adores her." Executive producer Ken Corday issued a statement in Soap Opera Digest, stating:
Corday also confessed there was slight hesitation with the decision to cast Braun in the role, given her previous portrayal of Ava, stating:
In June 2011, it was announced that Braun was let go from "Days of our Lives", and last aired in September 2011.
Storylines.
1998–99.
The character of Taylor Raines was introduced as a cleaning girl at Titan, who struck up a friendship with Eric Brady, which caused Nicole Walker to become very offended by said conversations, causing clear tension between the pair. When it was revealed that Taylor and Nicole were sisters, it led for everyone to become in shock. When Lucas Horton sustained injuries from a subsequent car accident and needed physical therapy, Taylor was assigned to help with him exclusively. Kate Roberts offered Taylor a good salary with room and board at the Kiriakis Mansion if she would be Lucas' companion and physical therapist. When Taylor accepted the offer, Nicole in return, was furious at her sister.
After being absent in town, she returned to confess that she was still in love with Eric, which proved to widen the hatred between Taylor and her sister, Nicole. Lucas made Taylor his pawn in his quest to get Nicole, turning her into a model to prove to Nicole that any "new' face gets old quickly. When Taylor discovered Lucas' sinister plan, she left town for college.
2011.
Taylor Walker returned to Salem in 2011. She arrived at the DiMera mansion and asked her estranged sister Nicole for assistance, due to being broke. Nicole, hesitant at first, decided to give her sister the chance and eventually warmed up to the idea of having Taylor live with her. After a chance run-in with Nicole's fiancé, EJ DiMera, she quickly develops strong feelings for him, not knowing about his involvement with her sister. At Nicole and EJ's wedding, Taylor learned the horrific truth that the man she had feelings for was her sister's fiancé. Despite being married to Nicole, EJ suggested that he and Taylor have an affair, something to which she denies.
To distance herself from the DiMeras, Taylor took a job in marketing at Titan, a move that EJ does not support. Taylor and Nicole's mother, Faye, returned to town in March seriously ill. To help take care of her mother, Taylor agrees to move in with Faye at the DiMera mansion. In an attempt to keep things less awkward between her and EJ, she suggests they find a way to keep things friendly between each other. After EJ witnesses a close moment between Taylor and Brady Black, he manipulates her to go see her mother. The manipulation updates Taylor, leading her to think EJ is unable to control himself.
Unable to control their feelings, Taylor and EJ eventually give into each other by kissing and professing their love for each other. Unable to deal with the guilt of her feelings, Taylor makes it clear to EJ she will not enter into an affair with EJ because of her sister. Before Taylor can successfully tell Nicole about her feelings, they discover their mother lying unconscious in the foyer of the DiMera mansion. After bringing their mother to the hospital, Taylor confesses to her mother about her feeling towards EJ. Faye briefly awakens to tell Taylor to help her sister. Faye is then murdered by a Rafe Hernandez impostor.
Following her mother's funeral service, Taylor and EJ ride back to the mansion together in a limo. Unable to fight their sexual tensions, they kiss one another following a car crash. When EJ reveals his intentions of divorcing Nicole to be with Taylor, Nicole blackmails him into keeping their marriage, revealing she knew about the impostor Rafe and how he killed her mother. Taken aback by the news, she decides to leave town, but is stopped by Lexie Carver. Knowing about her sister's deceptions, Nicole plays it nice with Taylor asking her to remain in Salem but to stay away from Brady.
After Taylor is confronted by Nicole, she is threatened to either leave town or Nicole would put EJ in jail. After agreeing to stay in town, Taylor began to investigate on her own about her mother's death. She discovers a cameo that Sami Brady has in her possession; Taylor claims the cameo has her mother's, but Sami attempts to lure Taylor into believing it's her own. Taylor later overhears a conversation concerning Rafe Hernandez where he confesses to kill her mother. Infuriated, Taylor accuses Rafe, accusations that Sami then denies. Taylor unveils her beliefs to Nicole, whom puts the pieces together about a conversation previous had with EJ concerning a brainwashed Rafe. During a confrontation between Rafe, Stefano, EJ and Robo Rafe, Taylor walks in and demands to know the truth concerning the two Rafes. Infuriated, a hurt Taylor demands to know the truth from EJ, asking if he was involved in anyway with Robo Rafe and the death of her mother; EJ confesses that the claims against him by Bo and Hope Brady, Sami and Rafe are true. Unable to forgive EJ, she leaves him and breaks off their engagement.
Not knowing where to turn, Taylor seeks out Nicole and confesses everything that EJ was involved in. Expecting her sister to rub it into her face, Nicole reacts with care and compassion towards Taylor. As they reach a new understanding in their relationship, EJ arrives trying to reclaim Taylor into his life. A protective Nicole defends Taylor, to which Taylor confesses to EJ that all she wants is her mother back, something he could not give to her. Taylor later runs into an old flame, Quinn Hudson, whom she shares a checkered past with. She also accepted a desk job at the Salem Police Department, following her decision to quit Titan Industries months earlier. Taylor intends to reveal Quinn's involvement in the recent attack on female hookers, but Quinn pins it over Taylor's head that if she does, he'll make sure her reputation in Salem would be tarnished by her past deeds. When she visits the latest victim of attack, she hears Quinn's name murmured. Instead of telling Hope, she keeps it to herself, protecting herself and Quinn. Taylor is then confronted by Nicole who shows her a mugshot of Taylor; she confesses that she was arrested for protesting human rights during her days in grad school. It was later revealed that Taylor had agreed to hook for Quinn during a time where they had a brief fling; she then confesses that she tried to leave a party she was attending, but before she could exit, she was arrested for prostitution. Quinn promises to protect Taylor and her secret.
When Quinn promises Taylor that he has quick the business, he makes his commitment to her. In an attempt to make an effort, Quinn introduces Taylor to his mother Vivian Alamain. When confronted by Nicole, she reveals that Taylor was telling the truth about her arrest. Taylor turns to Quinn, who confesses that he made a call to get her record changed from prostitution to human rights protest. When she asks why he did such a thing, he professes his love to her. When Quinn is arrested for the attacks on hookers, Taylor promises to help prove his innocence. When it's revealed that Vivian's right-hand man, Gus, was responsible for the attacks, Quinn is cleared of all charges. Roman Brady suggests to Quinn and Taylor that it'd be smart for them to leave town and to get away from recent events. Along with Vivian, Quinn and Taylor finally leave Salem on September 22, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31124859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124859" title="Tower (mathematics)">
Tower (mathematics)

In category theory, a branch of abstract mathematics, a tower is defined as follows. Let formula_1 be the poset
of whole numbers in reverse order, regarded as a category. A (countable) tower of objects in a category formula_3 is a functor from formula_1 to formula_3.
In other words, a tower (of formula_3) is a family of objects formula_7 in formula_3 where there exists a map
and the composition
is the map formula_12
Example.
Let formula_13 for some formula_14-module formula_15. Let formula_16 be the identity map for formula_10. Then formula_18 forms a tower of modules.

</doc>
<doc id="31124860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124860" title="Laurie Kilmartin">
Laurie Kilmartin

Laurie Kilmartin is an American comedian and writer best known for being a finalist on "Last Comic Standing" season 7. She is currently a staff writer for the Conan O'Brien show "Conan".
Early life.
She grew up in Northern California and went to UCLA where she was a competitive swimmer.
Stand-up career.
Kilmartin performed stand-up on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live!, Comedy Central's Premium Blend, Showtime, the USO Tour Cuba, performing for troops in Iraq, Shorties Watchin' Shorties, Verdict with Dan Abrams, Red Eye w/ Greg Gutfeld, and The World Stands Up. She has been featured at comedy festivals in Aspen, Edinburgh, and Montreal. 
Laurie Kilmartin also appeared on VH1 Best Week Ever, the Today Show, White Boyz in Da Hood, Countdown with Keith Olbermann, The Rachel Maddow Show, Fox & Friends and The Oprah Winfrey Show.
Competitions.
Kilmartin was also a ‘Top Ten’ finalist in season 7 of NBC’s “Last Comic Standing.” She was also listed in The Huffington Post 53 Favorite Female Comedians list in 2011.
CD.
In 2009 Kilmartin released a CD, "Five Minutes to Myself", consisting of material that she was not allowed to use on air. The CD covers topics such as immigrant boyfriends and unwanted Mexican babies, then answers an age-old question, why is God such a Prick in the Old Testament? Punchline Magazine called "Five Minutes to Myself" one of the “Top Ten Comedy CDs of 2009.”
Writing.
As a writer, Kilmartin was on the staff of the "Late Late Show", "Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn" (on which she was also a frequent panelist), and Comedy Central's "Too Late with Adam Carolla" and "The Bonnie Hunt Show". She also wrote articles published on Huffington Post, Babble.com, and co-authored Sherri Shepherd's memoir, “Permission Slips.” Currently she is the only female staff writer for "Conan".
Kilmartin performed in the June 2012 edition of Don't Tell My Mother! (Live Storytelling), a monthly showcase in which authors, screenwriters, actors and comedians share true stories they would never want their mothers to know.
Family life.
Kilmartin is a single mother who often jokes about her son and motherhood.

</doc>
<doc id="31124862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124862" title="Richard Ferris (adventurer)">
Richard Ferris (adventurer)

Richard Ferris (fl. 1580-1606) was an English adventurer.
Ferris was one of the five ordinary messengers attached to Queen Elizabeth's household. A subpœna was issued for him to give evidence in a suit in the court of the Archbishop of Canterbury on 7 November 1580. In July 1606 he was still filling the office of royal messenger. Although ‘never trayned upon the water,’ he resolved in 1590 to accomplish the daring feat of rowing in an open boat from London to Bristol. He embarked in a ‘new built’ wherry on Midsummer day at Tower Wharf, with two friends, Andrew Hill and William Thomas. At Greenwich they landed, and were entertained at court. Afterwards their journey began in earnest, and although they usually anchored in safe harbours at night, and were well received by the townspeople of the southern seaports, they ran some risks, and did not reach Bristol till 3 August. The mayor and aldermen gave them a triumphal welcome. They returned to London on 8 August, and wherever they showed themselves were enthusiastically received. The exploit excited the admiration of all classes from the court downwards. On 7 August 1590—only four days after the voyage was finished—‘a ballad of Richard Fferrys cominge to Bristowe’ was ‘licensed to Edward White on 10 Aug.’ Another ballad of ‘the ioyfull entertainement of the wherry and iij wherrymen, viz., Richard Fferrys, Andrewe Hilles, and William Thomas by the maiour, aldermen, and citizens of Bristoll, 4to Augusti, 1590,’ was licensed to Henry Carre. In the same year John Wolfe printed for Edward White ‘The most dangerous and memorable Adventure of Richard Ferris.’ On the title-page appear the words, ‘Published for the sayd Richard Ferris,’ and a dedication to Sir Thomas Heneage, the queen's treasurer, follows. At the close of the tract is ‘a new sonnet’ celebrating Ferris's arrival at Bristol, by James Sargent. A copy of this rare work is in the Bodleian Library. It was reprinted in J. P. Collier's ‘ Illustrations of Early English Literature,’ vol. ii. No. 5 (1864), and in Professor Arber's ‘English Garner,’ vol. vi. Warton asserted that Ferrers was the author's correct name.

</doc>
<doc id="31124873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124873" title="Minuscule 848 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 848 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 848 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε47 (von Soden), is a 14th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript has no complex context.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Luke on 442 parchment leaves (size ), with a catena. The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page.
The biblical text is surrounded by a catena, the commentary is of Theophylact's authorship.
It contains Prolegomena at the beginning and the tables of the ("tables of contents") before the Gospel.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 10 and Luke 20. In Luke 1 it has mixed text. It belongs to the textual pair with 1255.
History.
F. H. A. Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 11th century, C. R. Gregory dated it to the 14th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th century.
The manuscript once belonged to Cardinal Domenico Passionei. It was examined and described (with a facsimile) by Giuseppe Bianchini.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (611e) and Gregory (848e). C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Biblioteca Angelica (Ms. 21), in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="31124880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124880" title="Resolutions (album)">
Resolutions (album)

Resolutions is the first solo album from Dave Hause of The Loved Ones. It was released on January 24, 2011 through Paper + Plastick and was re-released by Rise Records on March 26, 2013.
The album was recorded at Salad Days Studio in Beltsville, Maryland, and Little Eden in Asbury Park, New Jersey, during the winter of 2009-2010. The album was produced by Pete Steinkopf and features a set of musicians who were Hause's family and friends, including The Loved Ones' bass player Chris Gonzalez playing electric guitar, former bass player Michael "Spider" Cotterman playing bass, Brendan Hill of Step Ahead and The Curse playing drums and Dave's sister Melissa Hause playing piano and B3 organ.
On 12 April 2011 a video was released for the song "Time Will Tell" The video pays homage to the 1967 Martin Scorsese short film The Big Shave.
Credits.
Produced, engineered and mixed by Pete Steinkopf. Mastered by Stephen Egerton

</doc>
<doc id="31124885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124885" title="William Phillips (director)">
William Phillips (director)

William Phillips is a Canadian film director and screenwriter. After graduating from the University of Toronto with a bachelor of science, Phillips studied film at Ryerson University. Phillips then ran a film production company entitled Grandview Products and worked on the second-unit of the film "Cube". After directing two short films, "Milkman" and "Deep Cut", Phillips wrote and directed his first feature film in 2001, "Treed Murray". The film earned five Genie Awards nominations including Best Motion Picture. Williams has since directed two more major Canadian films, "Foolproof" and "Gunless".

</doc>
<doc id="31124906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124906" title="National Highway 3 (Djibouti)">
National Highway 3 (Djibouti)

National Highway 3 is a short national highway of Djibouti. The highway begins at , at a junction with National Highway 1 in Djibouti City, near College De Fukuzawa. It passes along the coast to the north of Djibouti City, past Port de Doraleh and terminates at a small beach resort at .

</doc>
<doc id="31124927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124927" title="Order of Merit of the Prussian Crown">
Order of Merit of the Prussian Crown

The Order of Merit of the Prussian Crown ("Verdienstorden der Preußischen Krone") was an award of civil and military merit established 18 January 1901 by King Wilhelm II on the occasion of the bicentennial of the establishment of the Kingdom of Prussia. The order was presented in one class and consisted of a badge and a breast star. For military merit the award was presented with crossed swords. The order was presented once with diamonds.
Description of the award.
The order consists of a badge, worn on a sash from right shoulder to the left hip, and a star worn on the left chest:
The badge of the order is a blue-enamelled, eighteen-karat, yellow-gold Maltese cross with a granular border. In each of the compartments between the four arms of the cross is a red-enamelled crown surmounting the royal monogram ("W II", for Wilhelm II). The central disc on the obverse of the badge shows a golden crown with red enamel, surrounded by a blue-enamelled circular band bearing the gold-lettered motto, "Gott Mit Uns". The disc on the reverse bears the intertwined initials "IR W II" (for "Imperator Rex Wilhelm II": "Emperor King William II"), encircled by the date "18 January 1901".
The star of the order is a golden eight-pointed star with staight rays, displaying the central disc from the obverse of the badge.
The sash of the order is blue, edged with orange stripes.
Awards.
The medal was awarded only 57 times. General von Gossler was the only person who received the awards in both departments.

</doc>
<doc id="31124937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124937" title="Pellston Public Schools">
Pellston Public Schools

Pellston Public Schools is a school district located in Pellston, Michigan. It consists of Pellston Elementary School and Pellston Middle/High School. The district mascot is the hornet.

</doc>
<doc id="31124944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124944" title="Edward Zinn">
Edward Zinn

Edward H. Zinn (July 30, 1877 - May 19, 1920) was an American mechanical engineer, tax assessment clerk and Socialist from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served two terms (1913–1916) as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 7th Milwaukee County Assembly district (7th and 10th wards of the city of Milwaukee.
Background.
Zinn was born in Milwaukee, July 30, 1877. He graduated from local public schools and attended engineering school. He became a mechanical engineer apprentice for Pawling & Harnischfeger Company, moving in 1897 to Allis Chalmers company and later with other engineering concerns of Milwaukee. In 1910 he was appointed special assessment clerk in the Department of Public Works of the City of Milwaukee but in 1912 returned to engineering.
As of 1911, he was President of the North Division Neighborhood Center in the neighborhood around North Division High School.
Assembly career.
He was elected to the Assembly on the ticket of the Social Democratic Party (as the party was still known in Wisconsin) in 1912, receiving 2,215 votes to 1,794 for Democrat Frank Muench, 1,117 for Republican Edward Wunderlich, and 32 for Prohibitionist George Zinnern, succeeding fellow Socialist Arthur Kahn. He was appointed to the standing committee on taxation He was re-elected in the 1914 election, with 1889 votes to 1446 for Republican A. W. Hinkel and 775 for Democrat Charles Olbrogge; he then transferred to the Committee on Municipalities.
He did not run for re-election in 1916, and was succeeded by Republican Bernhard Gettelman.
He continued to work as an engineer until his death on May 19, 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="31124948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124948" title="Andrew Johnston (critic)">
Andrew Johnston (critic)

Andrew Johnston (1968–2008) was a film and TV critic. He wrote primarily for "Time Out New York" and "Us Weekly" and was also editor of the "Time In" section of "Time Out New York".
Biography.
Andrew Johnston was born in Washington, D.C., and spent most of his youth in Charlottesville, Virginia, apart from the five years he was a student at the Sri Aurobindo International Centre of Education in Puducherry, India. After returning from India he graduated from Tandem Friends School in Charlottesville, Virginia, and subsequently earned a B.A in English from Earlham College in Richmond, Indiana, and a M.S.in Journalism from Columbia University. Andrew died from cancer in New York City in 2008.
Career.
Andrew Johnston began writing criticism during his college years, publishing a weekly column in"The Earlham Word", and went on to write about contemporary music for "Sound Views" and "Magnet". After earning an MS in Journalism at Columbia University, Andrew began his full-time professional career as a film critic at "Time Out New York" and subsequently served as film critic for "US Weekly" and "Radar", before returning to "Time Out New York" as TV critic and editor of the Time In section. Andrew was a member of the New York Film Critics Circle and served as its Chairperson in 2003-2004. This was the year in which the award for best picture was given to "", from "The Lord of the Rings" Trilogy.
Andrew also wrote for other publications, including "The New York Times", "LA Weekly", "Entertainment Weekly", "The New York Post" and "W magazine". He was instrumental in facilitating the careers of other writers, as well as advancing the recognition of films and TV programs whose artistry he valued.
Critical Perspective.
In its article on the New York Film Critics Circle Awards for 2003 MSNBC cited Andrew's perspective on as follows:
"It’s just beautifully made, it’s pure cinema, it does everything,” said Johnston, a critic for Radar magazine. “It’s got amazing, epic scope to the drama, to the battle scenes, a lot of strong emotional stuff, really complex, well-rendered characters and effective comic relief where it needs it.”
Further indications of Johnston's critical perspective can be observed in the following comments from several of his reviews:
"One of the great, if all-too-infrequent, pleasures of being a film critic is having your mind blown by a film you didn't expect much from. Such an incident occurred in December 1997, when I was assigned to review Jean Eustache's 1973 film "The Mother and the Whore", then beginning a revival engagement at Film Forum. Yes, I'd heard that it was a classic of French cinema, but I wasn't exactly thrilled at catching an early-morning screening of a three-hour-and-thirty-five-minute foreign-language film that reportedly consisted of little more than people sitting around and talking. Frankly, I was a lot more excited about seeing "Scream 2" that evening. Little did I know, as I eased into my seat, that I was in for one of the most memorable cinematic experiences of my life."
Johnston identified Richard Kelly's film "Donnie Darko" as one of the outstanding films at the Sundance Film Festival in 2001, describing it as "a heady blend of science fiction, spirituality, and teen angst.",
In his list of best TV for 2005 in "Time Out New York", Johnston cited "Nip/Tuck, Six Feet Under, Lost, Deadwood, Veronica Mars, The Office, House, Weeds, The Shield" and "Battlestar Gallactica", and gave honorable mention to "Gilmore Girls, Rome, Medium, Rescue Me, My Name Is Earl, Project Runway, The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, Alias, Scrubs" and "Grey's Anatomy". Writing about "Deadwood", he commented, "If history is written by the victors, "Deadwood" is all about giving losers their due. In the first season, magnificent bastard Al Swearingen (Ian McShayne) came off as a villain; this year, his inevitably doomed campaign to save the lawless town from annexation by the United States and exploitation by robber barons served as a brilliant allegory for the evolution of American capitalism."
"The Wire" was Johnston's top pick for 2006. He wrote "The first three seasons of David Simon's epic meditations on urban America established "The Wire" as one of the best series of the decade, and with season four--centered on the heart-breaking tale of four eighth-graders whose prospects are limited by public-school bureaucracy--it officially became one for the ages." "Friday Night Lights" was also among Johnston's top ten. Writing about this, he noted: "Who'd have thought a tribute to heartland values would turn out to be the most avant-garde show on TV? The music and random close-ups said more than the dialog in Peter Berg's phenomenal football drama, which gave Kyle Chandler and Connie Britton the roles of a lifetime and (if there's any justice)will secure stardom for newcomers Gaius Charles and Taylor Kitsch."
For 2007, "The Sopranos" and "Mad Men" headed Johnston's list. Commenting on "The Sopranos", he wrote: "Lots of TV dramas are compared to novels these days, but few others (maybe only "The Wire") have achieved the scope of literary fiction while painting between the lines of small screen convention." In a debate with fellow critics Alan Sepinwall and Matt Zoller Seitz, which was published in "Slant Magazine", Johnston advocated for "The Sopranos" as the greatest TV drama ever. On "Mad Men": "Mere weeks after "The Sopranos" ended its run, David Chase protege Matthew Weiner offered up the next great TV drama. Drawing on the stories of John Cheever and the films of Billy Wilder for inspiration, Weiner's chronicle of the advertising world in the early 1960s instantly established itself as one of the medium's greatest studies of class in American society."
Johnston wrote analytical recaps of episodes of "The Wire", "Mad Men", and "Friday Nights Lights" which are available in the archives of "Slant Magazine" 's blog "The House Next Door".

</doc>
<doc id="31124954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124954" title="Riachuelo Futebol Clube">
Riachuelo Futebol Clube

Riachuelo Futebol Clube, commonly known as Riachuelo, is a Brazilian football club based in Riachuelo, Sergipe state. They won the Campeonato Sergipano once.
History.
The club was founded on June 11, 1933. They won the Campeonato Sergipano in 1941, and the Campeonato Sergipano Série A2 in 2002 and in 2009.
Stadium.
Riachuelo Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Francisco Leite. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31124961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124961" title="Sky Hooks">
Sky Hooks

Sky Hooks is a painted sheet steel sculpture by Alexander Calder, constructed in 1962. It is located at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="31124970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124970" title="Lesya Makhno">
Lesya Makhno

Lesya Anatolievna Makhno (, ; born 4 September 1981) is a Russian volleyball player. She was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 2010 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31124971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124971" title="Market Road Films">
Market Road Films

Market Road Films is an independent production company founded in 2003 by Lynn Nottage, Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright, and Tony Gerber, Emmy Award-winning director. The company is based in New York. The company produces character-driven, feature-length work, as well as music videos, commercials, museum installations, and new media.
Market Road Films produces work in both fiction and non-fiction, with topics spanning over international and universal concern. Most recently, the company has produced films for National Geographic, such as the "Congo Bush Pilots", and the award-winning feature, "Full Battle Rattle".

</doc>
<doc id="31124983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124983" title="National Highway 5 (Djibouti)">
National Highway 5 (Djibouti)

National Highway 5 is the most important national highway of southern Djibouti. The highway begins at , at a junction with National Highway 1 in Djibouti City, near Balbala Airport and the Italian Hospital, in close proximity to La Maison Des Stars Forzaaaa. It passes southwest/west through the towns of Damerdjog, Holhol, Danan, Ali Adde and Ali Sabieh before rejoining the National Highway 1, west of Ali Sabieh at .

</doc>
<doc id="31124984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31124984" title="Radical 37">
Radical 37

Radical 37 meaning "big" or "very" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 132 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31125008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125008" title="England Netball">
England Netball

England Netball, formerly the All England Netball Association, is the national body which oversees, promotes and manages netball in England. High Five Netball has been heavily promoted by the All England Netball Association.
England Netball has approximately 75,000 affiliated members.

</doc>
<doc id="31125029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125029" title="This Endris Night">
This Endris Night

"This Endris Night" (also "Thys Endris Night", "Thys Ender Night" or "The Virgin and Child") is a 15th-century English Christmas carol. It has also appeared under various other spellings. Two versions from the 15th-century survive, one republished in Thomas Wright, "Songs and Carols Now First Printed, From a Manuscript of the Fifteenth Century" (London: The Percy Society, 1847), and the other in the possession of the Advocates' Library in Edinburgh, Scotland, a legal deposit belonging to the Faculty of Advocates, a role which was assumed by the National Library of Scotland from 1925 onwards. All non-legal collections were given to the National Library.
It has been praised for the unusual delicacy and lyrical flourish for a poem of the period.
The opening lyrics, in the Wright edition, are:

</doc>
<doc id="31125032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125032" title="Wingate test">
Wingate test

The Wingate test (also known as the Wingate Anaerobic Test (WAnT))is an anaerobic test, most often performed on a cycle ergometer, that is used to measure peak anaerobic power, as well as anaerobic capacity. The test, which can also be performed on an arm crank ergometer, consists of a set time pedaling at maximum speed against a constant force. The prototype test based on the Cumming’s test was introduced in 1974, at the Wingate Institute 
and has undergone modifications as time has progressed. The Wingate test has also been used as a basis to design newer tests in the same vein, and others which utilize running as the mode of exercise instead of cycling. Sprint interval testing such as is similar to the construction of the Wingate test has been shown to increase both aerobic and anaerobic performance.
The Wingate Test was developed at the Wingate Institute in Israel during the 1970s.
Validity.
In order to determine validity of a testing procedure, one must test the protocol against a "gold standard" which is trusted to elicit the "true" values. In instances where there is a “gold standard,” such as hydrostatic weighing in determination of body composition, this is an easy task. There is however no such standard protocol for the determination of either anaerobic capacity or power Due to this problem, the Wingate test has instead been compared with sport performance, sport specialty, and laboratory findings. These comparisons have determined that the Wingate test is measuring what it claims to measure, and is a good indicator of these measurements.
Application.
The Wingate test is believed to show two things: all-out peak anaerobic power and anaerobic capacity. These two values have been reported as important factors in sports with quick, all-out efforts. Short sprinting events rely heavily upon the anaerobic energy pathways during execution which leads to the theories that greater performance in a Wingate test can predict success in these events. This has not been proven, and the more applicable theory would be that improvements in Wingate scores could predict improvements in sprinting times.
Variations.
The Wingate test has undergone many variations since its inception in the 1970s. Many researchers have utilized a 30-sec Wingate, while others have lengthened the duration to 60-sec or even 120-sec. The main purpose of this alteration is to more fully stress both the alactic and lactic anaerobic energy systems, which are the main source of energy for the first two minutes of exercise.
Another alteration that has been made is the repetition of Wingate tests. In current literature, this test has been repeated four, five, or even six times in one testing session. Repeating the Wingate test during training sessions can increase aerobic power and capacity, as well as maximal aerobic capacity.
The last common alteration is the workload during the test. The original Wingate test used a load of 0.075 kp per kg bodyweight of the subject. As these were young subjects, it has been suggested that higher workloads should be used for adult subjects, and several different loads have been utilized. Katch et al. used workloads of 0.053, 0.067, and 0.080 kp per kg bodyweight, while other researchers have increased the workload even higher to 0.098 kp per kg bodyweight. The advantage of increasing the workload can show an increased, and therefore more representative, value for peak power in collegiate athletes. Although the workload can be altered, a standard Wingate test still utilizes the original workload.
Common Testing Procedure.
Before the subject starts the Wingate test, they typically perform a low-resistance warm-up for at least five minutes to help minimize the risk of injury. During the warm-up the subject generally completes two or three 15 second “sprints” to make sure they are used to the fast movement before the actual beginning of the test. Upon completion of the warm-up the subject should rest for one minute, after which the test will begin. The subject will get a five second countdown to the beginning of the test, during which time they will pedal as fast as they can. Upon the start of the test the workload will be dropped instantly (within 3 seconds if using a mechanical ergometer) and the subject will continue to pedal quickly for 30 seconds. If using an ergometer with an electromagnetic brake data will generally be shown through a computer. If using a mechanical ergometer the researcher will need to count and record the number of revolutions pedaled for every five second interval during the test, through which power data can be determined. Upon completion of the test the subject should pedal against a low resistance in a cool-down phase. 
The Wingate test can be completed on several types of bicycle ergometers, which can be controlled with either mechanical or electromagnetic brakes. If an ergometer with an electromagnetic braking system is used, it must be capable of applying a constant resistance.
Relevant Calculations.
Ideally measured within the first 5 sec of the test, and is calculated by:
formula_1
where t is time in seconds. On an ergometer with mechanical brakes the force is the resistance (kg) added to the flywheel, while distance is:
formula_2
where formula_3 is the distance around the flywheel (measured in meters). Peak power values are given on a computer with electromagnetically braked ergometers. Power is expressed in Watts (W).
This allows for comparisons between people of varying sizes and body masses, and is calculated by:
formula_4
where BW is body weight.
Anaerobic fatigue shows the percentage of power lost from the beginning to end of the Wingate. This is calculated by:
formula_5
where PP is peak power and LP is lowest power.
Anaerobic capacity is the total work completed during the test duration.
formula_6
where formula_7 is power at any point starting at the beginning of the test (i) to the end (n).
Testing Considerations.
Diurnal variations occur within the body in many forms, such as hormone levels and motor coordination, therefore it is important to consideration what effects may become apparent in Wingate testing. Recent studies have confirmed that circadian rhythms can significantly alter peak power output during a Wingate test. According to these studies, an early morning Wingate test will elicit significantly lower peak power values than a late afternoon or evening Wingate test.
As in every physical exertion there are several outside factors which can play a role in Wingate performance. Motivation is present in almost every sporting event, and some believe that it can improve performance. Cognitive motivation has not been shown to influence Wingate performance; emotional motivation however has been found to improve peak power ratings. It is therefore suggested that all outside factors that involve emotion be standardized if possible in Wingate testing environments.
Another outside factor which is important to consider is warm-up. According to some literature, a 15 minute intermittent warm-up improved mean power output by 7% while having no impact on peak values. These findings suggest that warm-up is an unimportant factor in peak power levels, but if mean power is the variable of interest it is important to standardize the warm-up.
Since the Wingate test stresses the anaerobic metabolic systems glucose consumption pre-testing can be another influential factor. The anaerobic energy systems utilize glucose as the primary source of energy, and a greater quantity of glucose available could influence the power output over short intervals; therefore glucose consumption prior to testing should be standardized between all participants
Sampling rate can severely impact the values obtained for peak and average power output. Sampling rates consistent with a standard mechanical ergometer test show significantly lower peak and average power values than a test which has computer data feeds with much higher sampling rates. Furthermore, tests utilizing low sampling rates (< 2 Hz) tend to be less consistent than tests with high sampling rates. This data suggests that for most accurate results a sampling rate of at least 5 Hz (0.2 sec) should be used.
Other Uses.
The Wingate test can also been used in training instances, especially in cyclists. In many races cyclists finish the race with a sprint which is a maximal exertion which stresses the anaerobic energy pathways. As Hazell et al. have demonstrated, training in the manner can increase both aerobic and anaerobic performance. Since anaerobic performance can be increased through this method, many cycling athletes have taken to using repeated sprint intervals such as the Wingate test as training devices which increase performance in the final leg of the race. These Wingate tests may be slightly modified version of the standard test laid out above.
See also.
Anaerobic Training
High-Intensity Interval Training

</doc>
<doc id="31125036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125036" title="Veil (cosmetics)">
Veil (cosmetics)

A cosmetic veil is a powder applied after the other cosmetics to fixate the make up, reduce oiliness, give a matte finish and lustre.
Besides minerals, it may use rice flour to soak up excess oiliness.

</doc>
<doc id="31125042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125042" title="Ice 1 Racing">
Ice 1 Racing

ICE 1 Racing was a team competing in the World Rally Championship with Finnish driver Kimi Räikkönen. The team is based at Citroën Racing's headquarters in Versailles, France.
Räikkönen subsequently set up a motocross team using the ICE 1 Racing name. The team is headed by Kari Tiainen and competes in the Motocross World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31125051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125051" title="Boiling vessel">
Boiling vessel

A boiling vessel is a water heating system fitted to British Armoured fighting vehicles that permits the crew to heat water and cook food by drawing power from the vehicle electrical supply.
History.
The "Vessel Boiling Electric" or "BV" was an innovation at the very end of World War II, when the Centurion tank was introduced with the device fitted inside the turret. Previously, British tank crews had disembarked when they wanted to "brew-up" (make tea), using a petrol cooker improvised from empty fuel cans called a "Benghazi burner". Use of the BV enabled the crew to stay safely inside the tank and reduced the time taken for breaks. 
Ther first version, known as VBE No 1, began to be replaced in the early 1950s by the stainless steel No 2 version. A VBE No 3 had improved electrical sockets and was less prone to leakage. Besides being fitted to every tank designed since the Centurion, in the 1960s, the BV was fitted to the FV432 armoured personnel carrier for the benefit of the infantry carried on board. It is now fitted to almost every major type of vehicle used by the British Army.
Current use.
The principle use of the BV is to heat ration pouches; the hot water is then used for making drinks. The BV has recently been designated "Cooking Vessel FV706656" or "CV". It runs off the 24 Volt electrical system of the vehicle and is manufactured by Electrothermal Engineering Ltd in Rochford, Essex. Vehicles fitted with the BV include Challenger 2 tanks, MAN trucks, and Warrior, Warthog, Mastiff, Jackal and Foxhound armoured fighting vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="31125052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125052" title="Colinas Esporte Clube">
Colinas Esporte Clube

Colinas Esporte Clube, commonly known as Colinas, is a Brazilian football club based in Colinas do Tocantins, Tocantins state. They won the Campeonato Tocantinense once and competed once in the Copa do Brasil.
History.
The club was founded on January 5, 2001. They won the Campeonato Tocantinense in 2005. Colinas competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2006 when they were eliminated in the First Round by Paysandu.
Stadium.
Colinas Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio José Wilson Alves Ferreira, nicknamed "Bigodão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 1,200 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31125063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125063" title="Malaysian Netball Association">
Malaysian Netball Association

Malaysian Netball Association is the national body which oversees, promotes and manages netball in Malaysia. Established in 1978, the Malaysian Netball Association hosted the first Asian Netball Championship in 1985, and the 3rd Asian Youth Netball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31125071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125071" title="Y Bandana">
Y Bandana

Y Bandana is a Welsh language alternative rock band that formed in Caernarfon in 2007. The band is composed of brothers Tomos Owens (keyboard) and Siôn Owens (bass guitar), their cousin Gwilym Rhys (lead vocals, guitar) and Robin Jones (percussion). They are known for combining humorous lyrics with catchy melodies.
The band have achieved great success in the Welsh language rock scene and have been the recipients of numerous awards, including awards from the Welsh-language magazine "Y Selar" for best single ("Dal dy Drwyn/Cân y Tân"), best song ("Cân y Tân"), and best band in 2010 and 2011. They also won three major awards in the 2012 ceremony. They feature frequently at ""Maes B"" in the National Eisteddfod.
Gwilym Rhys is also a member of folk band Plu with his sisters Elan and Marged.

</doc>
<doc id="31125073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125073" title="Kampala Intercontinental Hotel">
Kampala Intercontinental Hotel

Kampala Intercontinental Hotel is a hotel, under construction, in Kampala, Uganda's capital city.
Location.
The hotel is located on Nakasero Hill, the most prestigious location in Kampala, the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country. The piece of property where the hotel is located is bordered by Nile Avenue to the north, Yusuf Lule Road to the east and De Winton Road to the south. The National Theater and Uganda Broadcasting Corporation border the location to the west. The hotel complex is being erected on a site that was previously occupied by "Shimoni Teacher Training College", which was relocated to Kitikifumba, in Kira Municipality in Wakiso District. The elevation of the construction site is above sea level, facing south east, adjacent to Oasis Mall, in Kampala's central business district. The coordinates of the hotel are:0°19'02.0"N, 32°35'28.0"E (Latitude:0.317223; Longitude:32.591112).
Overview.
Kampala Intercontinental Hotel is part of a business/residential real estate development that will include:
History.
In 2006, Kingdom Hotel Investments (KHI), a real estate investment and development company, headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE), leased , in the center of Kampala, from the Government of Uganda for 99 years. KHI planned to construct a luxury hotel complex on the property, with the opening date planned for 2009. KHI is chaired by HRH Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal, a prince of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
Following the Global Recession of 2008 and 2009, KHI became unable to fund the project on its own. They sold majority shareholding in the development to Azure Holdings Limited, a subsidiary of the Mara Group, also headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Mara Group is also the parent company of Kensington Uganda Limited, a real estate investment and development company. Construction of the hotel, technically known as Kingdom Kampala Hotel, began in July 2010. InterContinental Hotels has signed the agreement with the hotel developers to manage the hotel when completed. Kampala Intercontinental Hotel, was one of three InterContinental hotels under construction on the African continent in 2011. The other two were in Luanda, Angola and in Lagos, Nigeria.
Construction costs.
The hotel, office tower and conference complex are estimated to cost US$80 million in construction.

</doc>
<doc id="31125077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125077" title="National Highway 4 (Djibouti)">
National Highway 4 (Djibouti)

National Highway 4 is the shortest national highway of Djibouti. The highway begins at , at a junction with National Highway 1 and connects it with Arta city at .

</doc>
<doc id="31125082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125082" title="Radical 38">
Radical 38

Radical 38 meaning "woman" or "female" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 681 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31125088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125088" title="Blue tracking">
Blue tracking

Blue Tracking, in the computer games context, refers to a tool, usually called a Blue Tracker, that allows users to see all the forum posts made by a game developer. The term is derived from the military use, Blue Force Tracking. The process of blue tracking usually involves a spider that searches through pages on the forums and saves all the posts made by game developers.

</doc>
<doc id="31125089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125089" title="Benjamin Ferrers">
Benjamin Ferrers

Benjamin Ferrers (died 1732) was an English portrait painter.
Life.
Ferrers was deaf from his birth, and appears to have lived in Westminster. An account record of a court case in 1720 records:
A Motion that Mr. Benjamin Ferrers, A Deaf and Dumb Person, might be allowed to acknowledge a Fine in open Court, upon an Examinination to be taken by Signs upon the Fingers, upon the Report on Oath of one Mr. "Ralph Russell", who swore he had been used to converse with him in that Manner for seventeen Years and upwards, and that he understood his Meaning perfectly by these Signs...
It appeared likewise that he could write his own Name very well and some other Things, yet could read very little Writing, tho' he distinguished several Counties on a Map shewed him in Court, and likewise on the Oath of Mr. "George Turner", who swore he had been acquainted with Ferrers ten Years, and that he had painted Mr. "Burchet's" (the Secretary of the Admiralty) Picture, for which he would not take under five Guineas, and that he believed he understood the Value of Things very well, especially Paintings... He painted a portrait of William Beveridge, bishop of St. Asaph, to whom he was related, taken from the dead body of the bishop, who died at Westminster 5 March 1706–7; Beveridge had refused to sit for his portrait during his lifetime. The painting is in the Bodleian Library at Oxford, and was engraved by William Sherwin (both in mezzotint and line), by Michael van der Gucht, as a frontispiece to his works, and by Trotter.
Ferrers also painted a picture of the Court of Chancery under Lord Chancellor Macclesfield, which included portraits of Macclesfield, Sir Philip Yorke and Sir Thomas Pengelly. This picture was owned by Dr. Lort of Cambridge, who gave it to the Earl of Hardwicke, and at the 5th Earl of Hardwicke's 1888 sale of pictures at Wimpole Hall it was bought by the National Portrait Gallery. His painting "Three Ladies of the Leman Family and their Dogs on a Terrace" (1728) is in the collection of the Tate Gallery
Ferrers died in 1732; a Latin panegyric on him was written by his friend, Vincent Bourne, of Westminster School.

</doc>
<doc id="31125092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125092" title="List of municipalities created in Quebec in 1845">
List of municipalities created in Quebec in 1845

This is a list of municipalities created in Quebec (Lower Canada) on July 1, 1845.

</doc>
<doc id="31125095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125095" title="The Walking Dead (video game)">
The Walking Dead (video game)

The Walking Dead (also known as The Walking Dead: The Game and The Walking Dead: Season One) is an episodic interactive drama graphic adventure video-game based on Robert Kirkman's "The Walking Dead" comic book series. The game was developed by Telltale Games and was initially slated for release in the last months of 2011, but was held back until early 2012 to allow further time for development. The game consists of five episodes, released between April and November 2012. Telltale has also published retail versions of the complete game. Currently the game is available for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Microsoft Windows, iOS, OS X, PlayStation Vita, Kindle Fire HDX and Android. An Ouya version is planned for release in early 2014, and releases for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One planned for later in the year.
The game takes place in the same fictional world as the comic, with events occurring shortly after the onset of the zombie apocalypse in Georgia. However, most of the characters are original to the game, which centers on university professor and convicted murderer Lee Everett, who helps to rescue and subsequently care for a young girl named Clementine. Kirkman provided oversight for the game's story to ensure it corresponded to the tone of the comic, but allowed Telltale to handle the bulk of the developmental work and story specifics. Three characters from the original comic book series make in-game appearances; Hershel Greene, Shawn Greene and Glenn Rhee.
Unlike many graphic adventure games, "The Walking Dead" does not emphasize puzzle solving, but instead focuses on story and character development. The story is affected by both the dialogue choices of the player and their actions during quick time events, which can often lead to, for example, certain characters being killed, or an adverse change in the disposition of a certain character or characters towards Lee. The choices made by the player carry over from episode to episode. Choices were also tracked by Telltale, and used to influence their writing in later episodes.
"The Walking Dead" has been critically acclaimed, with reviewers praising the harsh emotional tone of the story and the empathetic connection established between Lee and Clementine. The game has won over 90 "Game of the Year" awards, including awards from "USA Today", GamesRadar, E! Online, and the Spike Video Game Awards. More than one million unique players have purchased at least one episode from the series, with over 8.5 million individual episodes sold by the end of 2012, and its success has been seen as constituting a revitalization of the weakened adventure game genre. In July 2013, Telltale released an additional downloadable episode, "400 Days", to extend the first season and bridge the gap towards the .
Gameplay.
"The Walking Dead" is a graphic adventure, played from a third-person perspective with a variety of cinematic camera angles, in which the player, as protagonist Lee Everett, works with a rag-tag group of survivors to stay alive in the midst of a zombie apocalypse. The player can examine and interact with characters and items, and must make use of inventory items and the environment. Throughout the game, the player is presented with the ability to interact with their surroundings, and options to determine the nature of that interaction. For example, the player may be able to look at a character, talk to that character, or if they are carrying an item, offer it to the character or ask them about it. According to Robert Kirkman, "The Walking Dead" game is focused more on developing characters and story, and less on the action tropes that tend to feature in other zombie-based games, such as "Left 4 Dead".
Some parts of the game require timed responses from the player, often leading to significant decisions that will impact the game's story, in the manner of role-playing games (RPGs). Some conversation trees require the player to make a selection within a limited time, otherwise Lee will remain quiet, which can affect how other characters respond to him. Unlike in other RPGs such as the "Mass Effect" or "Fallout" series, where choices fall on either side of a "good or evil" scale, the choices within "The Walking Dead" have ambiguous results, having an effect on the attitude of the non-player characters towards Lee. The player can opt to enable a "choice notification" feature, in which the game's interface indicates that a character has changed their disposition towards Lee as a result of these choices. In more action-based sequences, the player must follow on-screen prompts for quick time events (QTEs) so as to keep themselves or other characters alive. If the player dies, the game restarts from just prior to the QTE. Other timed situations involve major decisions, such as choosing which of two characters to keep alive.
Each episode contains five points where the player must make a significant decision, choosing from one of two available options. Through Telltale's servers, the game tracks how many players selected which option and lets the player compare their choices to the rest of the player base. The game can be completed regardless of what choices are made in these situations; the main events of the story, as described below, will continue regardless of what choices are made, but the presence and behavior of the non-player characters in later scenes will be affected by these choices. The game does allow the player to make multiple saves, and includes a "rewind" feature where the player can back up and alter a previous decision, thus facilitating the exploration of alternative choices.
Synopsis.
Setting and characters.
"The Walking Dead" occurs simultaneously with the events from the original comic series, where a zombie apocalypse overwhelms much of society. Characters in the game come to call the zombies "walkers", due to the slowness of their movement. Although the survivors initially think that being bitten by a zombie is the only way to become infected, it is later discovered that one becomes a zombie upon death irrespective of the manner in which one dies; only by damaging the brain can the reanimation be stopped. As with the comic and television series, the game's events occur in the state of Georgia.
Numerous characters appear throughout the game. Lee Everett (voiced by Dave Fennoy), the primary protagonist of the series, is a native of Macon and a former university professor convicted for killing a state senator who was sleeping with his wife. Lee eventually finds and becomes a father figure to Clementine (voiced by Melissa Hutchison), an eight year old whose parents went away for the weekend, leaving her with a babysitter. Lee and Clementine soon encounter a family from Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Kenny (voiced by Gavin Hammon), a fisherman who prioritizes his family above all else; Katjaa, Kenny's wife, who works as a veterinarian (voiced by Cissy Jones); and Kenny and Katjaa's son, Kenny Jr. (voiced by Max Kaufman), more commonly known as "Duck". The five join a survivor group led by Lilly (voiced by Nicki Rapp), who was formerly stationed on the Robins Air Force Base. Lilly's group consists of multiple survivors, including Larry (voiced by Terry McGovern), her aggressive and judgmental father, a retired U.S. Army commander who knows Lee's past; Carley (voiced by Nicole Vigil) a quick-thinking regional news reporter who is also aware of Lee's crimes; Doug (voiced by Sam Joan), a resourceful and logical information systems technician; and Glenn (voiced by Nick Herman), a former pizza delivery boy. In the second episode, two more survivors join the group: Mark (voiced by Mark Middleton), a survivor who used to work for the U.S. Air Force; and Ben Paul (voiced by Trevor Hoffman), a high school student rescued by Lee, Mark and Kenny. In the third episode, more characters are introduced; Chuck (voiced by Roger Jackson), a level-headed homeless man who lives in a boxcar; and Omid and Christa (voiced by Owen Thomas and Mara Junot respectively), a young couple who tend to stay away from large groups. The fourth episode introduces two more characters; Molly (voiced by Erin Ashe), an acrobatic and resourceful young woman who carries an ice axe; and Vernon (voiced by Butch Engle), a doctor and leader of a group of cancer survivors hiding in the morgue of a hospital. The Stranger (voiced by both Anthony Lam and Roger Jackson, though the latter only voices him when he's just the voice at the other end of the walkie-talkie) is a man that communicates to Clementine via her walkie-talkie as the group nears Savannah.
Plot.
The following summary is a broad overview of the work, describing the major events that occur regardless of player choice. Some specific elements not listed here will change based on the impact of player choices.
The game opens with Lee Everett on his way to prison after his conviction in Atlanta, Georgia. En route, the deputy sheriff's car in which he is travelling strikes a walker and careens off-road. Lee is knocked unconscious, awakening hours later to find the deputy lying outside the vehicle. Fleeing the car, Lee is attacked by the officer, who has turned into a walker, and Lee is forced to kill him. He takes shelter in a nearby home, discovering a little girl named Clementine hiding in her tree house. After learning that her parents had previously left for Savannah, Lee offers to protect and care for Clementine, and help her find them.
They then travel to a nearby farmstead, owned by Hershel Greene, where Lee is introduced to Kenny, his wife Katjaa and their son Duck. When Shawn, Hershel's son, is lost to a walker attack, Hershel banishes the group from his home. Lee and Clementine join Kenny and head towards Macon. There, they find shelter with several other survivors in a drugstore that had been owned by Lee's family, a fact he keeps to himself. While trying to recover medicine from the pharmacy, they set off the alarm and are forced to abandon the store, finding safety in a motel with a defensible perimeter.
Though protected from walkers, Lee and the survivors struggle to find food, and after three months, are at the last of their supplies. However, they are then approached by the St. Johns, a family who own a nearby dairy. The group exchange gasoline to power the St. Johns' electric fence for food and shelter. However, while on the dairy, Lee and Kenny discover the St. Johns have engaged in cannibalism, and the group flee, leaving the St. Johns to their fate as the farm is overrun by walkers. As they return to the motel, they find a seemingly abandoned car full of provisions, which they share out among themselves.
The group soon learns that the St. Johns had a deal with local bandits; they would give the bandits food and in exchange the bandits would not attack the dairy. Upon the death of the St. Johns, however, the bandits now turn their attention to the motel. They launch an attack that attracts walkers, and the group is forced to abandon their base and supplies. During the attack, Duck is bitten. After driving for a time, the group come upon a freight train. Lee and Kenny manage to get the train working, and the group head towards Savannah, with the intention of finding a boat and getting out onto the ocean, away from the walkers. During the trip, Duck's condition worsens, and the group stop to deal with him before he turns. Katjaa commits suicide over the loss, and Kenny and Lee are forced to euthanize Duck. After the train's way is blocked by a truck, the group encounter Christa and Omid, two other survivors who join them.
Nearing Savannah, Clementine's walkie-talkie goes off. An unknown man tells her she will be safe once he deals with Lee and the group, and promises her that her parents are waiting for her. The group takes shelter in a well fortified mansion, and Lee and Kenny head towards the pier to find a boat. There, they meet Molly, who informs them there are no boats left in the city, and whatever useful supplies remain are being held in Crawford, a fortified community who don't permit the elderly, the sick, or children into their ranks.
When walkers attack, Lee is separated from the group, and he makes his way back to the mansion through the sewers. While there, he discovers Vernon and his group hiding in a hospital morgue. Vernon returns with Lee back to the mansion, where Clementine has discovered a boat in the shed. It lacks fuel and a battery, but both items can be obtained in Crawford. Lee and the group plan an invasion, but once there, they find the entire population has turned into walkers. They quickly gather the necessary supplies and leave. Molly, realizing the boat won't hold everyone, takes her leave of the group. Vernon likewise departs, but not before warning Lee that he doesn't think he is an appropriate father-figure for Clementine, and offering to take care of her instead.
The next morning, Lee wakes to find Clementine missing, and in his haste to find her, he is attacked and bitten by a walker. Initially suspecting Vernon, Lee finds the morgue abandoned, when Clementine's walkie-talkie goes off. The man on the other end reports that he has Clementine.
The man challenges Lee to come and find her. Clementine is able to reveal to Lee where she is being held, and Lee heads back to the house only to find that the boat and other supplies have been stolen by Vernon's group. As the group head to rescue Clementine, Kenny sacrifices himself attempting to save another character. As they cross the rooftops, Lee is separated from the others, and he instructs the survivors to wait for him and Clementine at the edge of town, making them promise to care for her after he is gone.
Lee makes his way to the hotel where Clementine is captive. The man holding her explains that he was the owner of the car that the group ransacked after leaving the dairy, and as a result, he lost his family to walkers. Lee realizes the man has gone insane, and with Clementine's help, kills him. He then helps to cover Clementine in walker blood, disguising her from the other walkers. As they leave the hotel, however, Clementine spots her parents, both of whom have turned into walkers, and Lee collapses to the ground. Clementine drags him into a jeweller's, pulling the shutter down and locking them in. However, Lee realizes he is near conversion, and instructs her to escape the city and meet the other survivors at the edge of town. In his final moments, Lee guides Clementine past a walker near the back-door, and says goodbye to her. The player can choose to have Lee instruct Clementine to either kill him or leave him be and become a walker, or can opt to do nothing, where Clementine will choose an action based on the culmination of the player's choices within the game.
After the game's credits, Clementine is seen walking in a field by herself. She spots two figures in the distance. After a moment, they stop walking and turn to look in her direction.
Episodes.
The game was separated into five episodes that were released in two-month intervals.
"400 Days".
"The Walking Dead: 400 Days" is an additional episode released in July 2013 as downloadable content for the first game to bridge the gap between this season and the game's sequel. It focuses on five new characters during the first 400 days of the zombie outbreak. The story is presented in a nonlinear narrative style with a final sequence summarizing the results of the game and the interaction of the five stories. The player can approach the five stories in any order they choose.
The five characters introduced, and their stories in rough chronological order, include:
An epilogue follows Tavia (Rashida Clendening) who is from a larger human encampment and is trying to find survivors and bring them to safety. At the long-abandoned truck stop, she finds photos of the above five, and signs directing her to a nearby campsite where they are waiting. She offers them the safety of the human encampment; based on choices the player has made, some may leave with Tavia and others will stay behind.
Development.
Rights.
Prior to "The Walking Dead", Telltale Games had made several successful episodic adventure games based on established properties, including three "seasons" of "Sam & Max" based on the comics and prior video games, and the five-episode "Tales of Monkey Island", which followed on from the video game series. In 2010, the company secured the rights to two licensed movie properties from Universal Studios, resulting in ' and '. The latter included elements atypical of adventure games, including more action-oriented sequences incorporating quick time events, and was inspired by Quantic Dream's "Heavy Rain".
In February 2011, Telltale announced deals with Warner Bros. to develop episodic series based on both "The Walking Dead" and "Fables". For "The Walking Dead", the agreement including provisions for "multi-year, multi-platform, multi-title" arrangements, with an initial episodic series release to commence in the fourth quarter of 2011.
Writing.
During development of the game, Robert Kirkman and the comic publisher Skybound Entertainment worked with Telltale. According to Kirkman, he had previously played Telltale's "Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People", and felt that they "were more focused on telling a good story, and I thought they were good at engaging the player in the narrative." Telltale approached him with a proposal which, according to Kirkman, "involved decision-making and consequences rather than ammunition gathering or jumping over things." The proposal's emphasis on the survival aspect of the comics, and the need for the player to make choices between two bad options sold him on the project. Since then, Kirkman became involved with Telltale, mostly providing oversight on what aspects of the story were appropriate components of "The Walking Dead" universe, in much the same manner as he does for the television show, staying out of the direct development process. Dan Connors, CEO of Telltale, stated that working with Kirkman made it easier for Telltale to craft its story and introduce new characters, instead of having to work with those already established in the comic. One of the few demands Kirkman asked of Telltale was to avoid telling anything involved with the comic's main character, Rick Grimes, as Kirkman has stated long-term plans with the character in other media. Kirkman had not been impressed with an early build of the first episode, but by the time they had presented him with a near-final build, Kirkman told the Telltale team "Holy shit guys, you did it", according to the game's co-lead developer Jake Rodkin.
Connors stated that from a gameplay perspective, they had looked to games such as "Heavy Rain" and the "Uncharted" series as a basis for in-game cinematics, while the idea of giving the player choice was influenced by the "Mass Effect" series. In addition to the television version of "The Walking Dead", Telltale took cues from "Game of Thrones" and "Mad Men" in terms of how to develop characters within a brief time.
The game's story was written with the final scene in the fifth episode, where Clementine either shoots Lee or walks away to let him become a walker, as the established ending that the game would build towards. As such, the character of Clementine was considered critical to the game's writing, and the team spent much time making her the "moral compass" for the game, while assuring that as a child character, she would not come off to the player as whining or annoying. Similarly, the scene with the Stranger in the hotel room was planned very early in development, and also used to review the player's decisions on a moral basis, allowing the player to respond, if they desired, to the allegations. Each episode was developed by pairing a writer and a game designer so that the plot and gameplay style for that episode would work in cooperation and avoid having one feel detached from the other, according to Vanaman. As such, certain gameplay ideas were left out of the game; one example given by Vanaman was a scene where everyone in the survivor group was firing on a wall of zombies, but as this would lead to a discrete success or failure, it did not fit in with the sense of panic they wanted to convey in the scene.
Choice.
A major aspect in the writing "The Walking Dead" was the concept of death, whether for the player or non-player characters. Telltale itself was formed from many former LucasArts employees, who had previously written games where the player could not die. As such, they introduced situations where Lee would die if the player did not react fast enough, although the game would restart just before these events, and situations where non-player characters would die based on the player's on-the-spot decisions. This latter aspect was designed to maintain the game's pace, and led to the idea of tracking the player's decisions. Telltale's development tools and engines had previously included means of tracking players' progress, but the use in "The Walking Dead" was more explicit, revealing global statistics.
The ultimate goal of introducing non-game-ending choices into the game was to make the player more invested in the story and more likely to avoid using the rewind feature. Telltale spent a great deal of time to assure that no choice would appear to be punishing to the player, though ultimately "all choices are equally wrong", according to Whitta. The writers wanted to create choices that would appear to have a significant impact on the story but ultimately would be mostly inconsequential to the larger story. At major decision points, the writers' aim was try to have the audience split evenly by making the dialog as neutral as possible prior to the choice; they considered that a split of 75 to 25 percent was not ideal. They noted such cases occurred in both the first episode, where the player has an option to save Carley (the "hot reporter with a gun") or Doug (the "dorky dude"), with the vast majority of players saving Carley, and in the second episode, where the player is given the option to cut off Parker's leg before they are attacked by Walkers or leave him behind, with most players cutting off the leg. As such, in subsequent episodes, they worked to modify dialog to eliminate any sense of suggestion, leaving the notion of the 'right' choice ambiguous, and totally up to the player him- or herself.
In some cases, the writers had to work around the established characters and chronology from the comic series. In the first episode, for example, the player is introduced to Hershel Greene, who is established in the comics as a bitter character due to witnessing his son Shawn turn into a walker in the early stages of the outbreak. One of the first decisions the player makes is whether to save Shawn or Duck; however, either choice results in Shawn being bitten, so as to maintain the comic's continuity; only the manner in which he is bitten is changed. The major consequence aspect of the choice instead involves how Kenny feels towards Lee. In other cases, Telltale designed scenes and choices knowing how the majority of players would be predisposed to certain characters. One example is the character of Larry, who is introduced in the first episode as a hard-nosed jerk. Based on the statistical feedback, Telltale recognized that most players would want to either abandon or kill Larry at the first opportunity, and as such, they created a conversation tree in episode two where Lilly goes some way to redeem Larry in the eyes of the player. The idea was that this might influence the player when they must choose whether to help Kenny kill Larry, who may, or may not, have died from a heart attack and be on the verge of turning. Telltale found that 75% of the players now wanted to save Larry, a result they had expected.
The writers also used the decision statistics from previous episodes to develop the direction of future ones. Gary Whitta, the writer of the fourth episode, specifically reviewed all the statistics from the previous three episodes to determine the general development of the episode's story. One example involved the death of Duck in the third episode. In that episode, the player must chose to either kill Duck for Kenny, or have Kenny do it himself. In the fourth episode, Whitta wrote a scene where Kenny finds a similar-looking boy, who has starved to death in an attic and come back as a walker. Again, the player is faced with the choice of whether to kill the boy themselves or have Kenny do it. They also included a third choice, in which the player would simply walk away, leaving the boy as a walker trapped in the attic, but this decision would harshly affect the disposition of the others characters towards Lee. By the first act of episode 5, there were 32 variations due to past player choices that they had to write towards. The number of possible scenarios were considered necessary to make the game feel "organic" to the individual player, making the player feel like they weaved their own story within the game instead of just taking a specific route through the choices.
Art.
Telltale's art director, Derek Sakai, led the creation of the characters and their expressions. Sakai was told to not use symmetric expressions to help create more human-like expressions and help improve the realism of the game. Sakai drew inspiration from his own daughter to develop the character of Clementine.
Multi-platform.
The game engine used for "The Walking Dead" was optimized so as to facilitate the multi-platform nature of the release, which included PCs, gaming consoles and mobile devices, with the aim of minimizing the work in porting. However, the development team still focused on achieving the best control schemes for each platform; in particular, the touchscreen control scheme on mobile devices was based on experience gained during the development of the "Back to the Future" game. A major challenge through the development of all five episodes was the save game file format, which they continually have to update and fix across platforms, and in some cases, causing existing save files to become invalid. Unique fixes applied for earlier episodes on one platform would reappear as problems in later ones. Connors stated that for the next series, they will be "a lot more diligent" on the save game issues, using data gathered during the first season development and information on how players would approach the game.
In previous series developed by Telltale for multiple platforms, they had had difficulty in timing releases to reach all players at the same time. One aspect of this was due to issues encountered on the Xbox Live Arcade service for the Xbox 360; for small publishers, like Telltale at the time, they had to arrange with larger publishers to allocate a slot within the Arcade's release schedule several months in advance, making it difficult to coordinate with releases on other platforms. After the success of the "Back to the Future" and "Jurassic Park" games, however, Telltale were able to officially achieve a publisher status on Xbox Live, giving them more control of the release schedule. Furthermore, they had designed the game such that the second through fifth episodes would be treated as downloadable content, allowing them to bypass slot scheduling and assuring same-day release on both PCs and consoles.
A version for the Ouya console, including the "400 Days" content as well as a version for the second season, is currently in development at Telltale and expected to be released in the first quarter of 2014.
Downloadable content and sequel.
The first series proved successful, leading Telltale to begin development of a second episodic season. The first episode of the second season was released in the fourth quarter of 2013. One aspect they are investigating is if players will be able to reuse their saved game from the first season as a seed to impact the development of the second. According to Connors, Telltale is working at trying to determine how to incorporate what players liked best from the first series into the second, while considering how and by what means they will continue the story, and include the possibility of tying in more of the characters from the television show. Connors also stated they are looking for ways to keep players engaged between the episodic releases.
In February 2013, writer Whitta suggested that there may also be some material released before the second season to tide players over until then. This was revealed to be the aforementioned "400 Days" downloadable content, revealed at the 2013 Electronic Entertainment Expo following a week of brief Vine video teaser movies posted by Telltale, introducing the five main characters in the added episode. The content uses information from the player's saved game from the first season, and decisions made within "400 Days" will continue into season two. The content was made available on the game's existing platforms between July 2 and 11, 2013, while a special bundled edition of the PlayStation Vita, including the full "Walking Dead" game and "400 Days" content, was released on August 20, 2013. A "Game of the Year" edition of "The Walking Dead", including all five episodes and "400 Days", was released for retail for the Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3 platforms on November 19, 2013.
Marketing and release.
"The Walking Dead" was originally announced as a five-episode series with approximately monthly releases as digital downloads for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3 systems. Its release was slated for late 2011, but it was ultimately pushed back to April 2012. This date was shortly after the conclusion of the final episode of the second season of "The Walking Dead" television show, providing a means for the game to ride the popularity of the show.
Telltale later announced that they would provide a disc-based release of the complete game for these platforms on December 11, 2012, after the release of the fifth episode. Exclusive to GameStop stores in North America is the "Collector's Edition", which includes new artwork by Charlie Adlard and "The Walking Dead: Compendium One", a comic book that embody the first 48 issues of the series by Robert Kirkman. Following the retail release, some Xbox 360 owners without large storage options reported stuttering issues with the disc-based game; Telltale compensated these users with free codes to download the full series digitally.
An iOS version of the game was announced in August 2012, with episodes released shortly after their computer/console debut. Later, after the full release of all five episodes to the App Store, Telltale offered the first episode for free, something they had done in the past, as doing so, according to Dan Connors, "opens the funnel and gets it out to more people who can then convert into the game".
In March 2013, Telltale announced that "The Walking Dead" will be ported to the PlayStation Vita, later revealed in June 2013 to be a retail release, including a special Vita bundle package that would include the game, the "400 Days" episode, and additional content.
In November 2013, Telltale announced a "Game of the Year edition" of "The Walking Dead" will be released for retail release for PC, Xbox 360 & PlayStation 3. It will include all 5 episodes, the "400 Days" DLC episode, the original score & a behind the scenes feature. Releases for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One consoles were announced in May 2014 with release at a later date, along with retail versions of the game for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles.
Reception.
"The Walking Dead" received worldwide critical acclaim, with reviewers giving praise for the harsh emotional tone, the characters and the resemblance to the original comic book, although criticizing the graphical glitches. The game received over 80 Game of the Year awards and many other awards.
"Episode 1 – A New Day" received positive reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PlayStation 3 version 85.14% and 84/100, the Xbox 360 version 83.87% and 79/100 and the PC version 83.38% and 82/100. The game received various accolades including the IGN "Editors' Choice", "PC Gamer" "Editors' Choice", Xbox Editors' Choice Award, and the PlayStation Gold Award.
"Episode 2 – Starved for Help" received positive reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PC version 86.53% and 84/100, the Xbox 360 version 86.26% and 84/100 and the PlayStation 3 version 85.90% and 84/100. The game won the GameSpy E3 2012 award for "Best Adventure Game".
"Episode 3 – Long Road Ahead" received positive reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the Xbox 360 version 88.47% and 88/100, the PlayStation 3 version 86.11% and 87/100 and the PC version 85.41% and 85/100. IGN's Greg Miller gave it a 9 out of 10, saying "It's a disturbing, depressing and entertaining entry in a journey that's been nothing short of excellent so far." GameSpot gave the game an 8.5, saying ""The Walking Dead" has passed the midway point of its series of five episodes with every indication that the game will keep getting better right through to its inevitably depressing and unsettling conclusion." MTV also gave it a positive review, saying "Telltale has created a series of wrenching, emotional decisions in the middle of a collection of not-too-hard puzzles in a visually-impressive adaptation of the Robert Kirkman comic series (with some nods to the TV show)."
"Episode 4 – Around Every Corner" received positive reviews, but slightly less than the other episodes. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PC version 84.22% and 80/100, the Xbox 360 version 82.50% and 82/100 and the PlayStation 3 version 78.94% and 81/100.
"Episode 5 – No Time Left" received highly positive reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PC version 94.75% and 89/100, the Xbox 360 version 88.15% and 89/100 and the PlayStation 3 version 87.75% and 88/100.
"400 Days" received positive reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PlayStation 3 version 78.20% and 78/100, the PC version 78.00% and 78/100 and the Xbox 360 version 76.88% and 80/100.
Sales.
The positive reception for "The Walking Dead" has translated into strong sales for the game, aided by the ease of digital distribution. The first episode topped the charts on Xbox Live Arcade for the week of April 30, and remained at the top for two weeks. It also topped the sales charts for both PlayStation Network and Steam for a week. The first episode sold one million copies in 20 days (not including iOS sales), making it Telltale's fastest selling title to date. With the third episode's release, over 3.8 million episodes were delivered to 1.2 million players. As of January 2013, over 8.5 million episodes have been sold across all platforms, representing about $40 million in revenue. Telltale's CEO Dan Connors has stated that the iOS version represented about 25% of their overall sales, the "largest upswing" for any platform, with sale particularly high in November and December 2012, due in part due to various sales on the App Store. Upon announcement of the "400 Days" content, Telltale reported that over 17 million episodes have been purchased across all platforms worldwide, while by October 2013, at the time of the formal announcement of Season Two, over 21 million episodes have been sold.
Accolades.
"The Walking Dead" has been described as representing a revitalization of the adventure game genre, which had been in decline since the mid-1990s. Telltale have been praised for taking their previous experiences in the genre and expanding on them, whilst also incorporating strong writing and voice acting; Gamasutra and "Game Developer" named the studio one of the top 10 developers in 2012.
"The Walking Dead" has garnered many other 2012 "Game of the Year" awards, notably from "USA Today", "Wired", "Complex", "GamesRadar" and "Official Xbox Magazine". "The Walking Dead" was awarded "Game of the Year", "Best Adapted Video Game", and "Best Downloadable Game" at the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards; Melissa Hutchison's role as Clementine was named as "Best Performance By a Human Female", while Dave Fennoy was nominated for "Best Performance by a Human Male". Telltale Games was also named as "Studio of the Year". The game was awarded "Best Downloadable Game" and "Best Character Design" for Lee Everett at the 2012 Inside Gaming Awards. "The Walking Dead" was Destructoid's 2012 "Game of the Year" and "Best Multi-Platform Game". Digital Trends awarded the game with "Best Writing", "Best Digitally Distributed Game", and "Game of the Year" for 2012. Yahoo! Games' Flan Dering listed "The Walking Dead" as his "Game of the Year" and "Best Downloadable Game" for 2012. For the 2013 D.I.C.E. Interactive Achievement Awards, "The Walking Dead" was nominated for eight awards, and won for "Adventure Game of the Year", "Downloadable Game of the Year", "Outstanding Achievement in Story", and "Outstanding Character Performance" for the character of Lee. "The Walking Dead" won the "Best Narrative" award and received nominations for "Best Downloadable Game" and "Game of the Year" for the 2013 Game Developer's Choice Awards. "The Walking Dead" won the "Story" and "Mobile & Handheld" awards at the 2013 British Academy Video Games Awards, and was nominated for "Best Game", "Game Design", and "Original Music" for the 2013 British Academy Video Games Awards, along with separate "Performance" nominations for Fennoy and Hutchinson for their roles as Lee and Clementine, respectively. In March 2013, the game was nominated for and won several Pocket Gamer Awards categories, including iOS Game of the Year.
A virtual pinball table based on this series is being developed jointly by Telltale Games and Zen Studios to be released in mid-2015 as downloadable content for "Zen Pinball 2".

</doc>
<doc id="31125099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125099" title="Leroy Lamis">
Leroy Lamis

Leroy Lamis (1925–2010) was an American sculptor, digital artist and art educator known for his work with Plexiglas. His works have been exhibited throughout the United States and Europe and are in the permanent collections of numerous institutions including the Whitney Museum of American Art and the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Early life.
Lamis was born in Eddyville, Iowa on September 27, 1925, and later moved to Los Angeles. As a teenager, he had a job with MGM Studios. Lamis went on to attend New Mexico Highlands University and Columbia University.
In 1954 Lamis married Esther Sackler. He is a descendant from the Dutch Lemmens family originating from the village of St. Anthonis in North Brabant, the Netherlands
Professional life.
After a time teaching at Cornell College in Mount Vernon, Iowa, he took a position at Indiana State University in Terre Haute. Lamis taught there in the studio art and art history disciplines from 1961-1988. In 1970 Lamis was the Artist in Residence at Dartmouth College.
In the early 1960s, Lamis and his cubist sculptures were well received in New York City, and he was invited to join the Contemporaries Gallery. His works were featured in the annual exhibit of the Whitney Museum of American Art in 1964, and in 1965 his work was included in the Museum of Modern Art's exhibit "The Responsive Eye".
Lamis was represented by the Staempfli Gallery (New York) from 1965 to 1971. During this time his work was featured across the United States. He was also a member of the American Abstract Artists.
Works and honors.
In the late 1970s Lamis became interested in computer-generated work. He taught himself computer programming and began creating geometric two-dimensional and three-dimensional art based on geometric shapes. A representative example is the lithograph "Untitled: Computer Generated Image" (1987), printed by Atelier Franck Bordas and in the collections of both the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
In addition to printed work, Lamis also created digital projections, such as "Untitled #35" (1998–99), part of the 1999 New York Digital Salon.
One of Lamis's tools of choice for his digital art was the IBM PCjr, which, according to his wife Esther, he began using around its release in 1984 and was still working with as late as 1998, long after the particular computer model had been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="31125103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125103" title="Euphonicmontage">
Euphonicmontage

Euphonicmontage is the ninth studio album by Echo Orbiter. It was released on Looking Glass Workshop in 2010. The album has been described as “an innovative landmark in the world of indie rock.” With an experimental nature mixing a range of influences from writer Ayn Rand to The Flaming Lips, Euphonicmontage was recorded to reflect the same Cubist style of Picasso’s paintings in musical form. The highly artistic endeavor demonstrated that Echo Orbiter "are seroius about their art and it shows on their latest release, Euphonicmontage."

</doc>
<doc id="31125108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125108" title="Juvenation">
Juvenation

Juvenation is a social network especially for people with type 1 diabetes and their caregivers which was created by the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF) through an unrestricted educational grant from Novo Nordisk. According to JDRF, the goal of Juvenation is to facilitate a network of ongoing peer-to-peer support.
Once a person registers with Juvenation, he/she can create a profile, participate in online discussion groups and forums, create and comment on blogs, upload videos, and more. Members share their thoughts, concerns and tips about living with diabetes. There is also information about new gadgets and technologies to treat type 1 diabetes.
JDRF launched Juvenation on World Diabetes Day, November 14, 2008. As of this writing, the site has more than 14,000 members.

</doc>
<doc id="31125113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125113" title="William Beveridge (disambiguation)">
William Beveridge (disambiguation)

William Beveridge was a British economist.
William Beveridge may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31125118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125118" title="Bohdan Bejmuk">
Bohdan Bejmuk

Bohdan Bejmuk is an American aerospace consultant and former Boeing manager who was a member of the 2009 Augustine Commission and is the current chairman of the Constellation program Standing Review Board. He received his BSME (1964) and MSME (1967) from the University of Colorado.
He was the Executive Vice President and Chief Engineer on Sea Launch, an international joint venture. He was responsible for directing all aspects of development for the company, leading the effort of several thousands of American, Russian, Ukrainian and Norwegian engineers and shipyard workers. After completion of the development, he was the manager of Sea Launch operations at Home Port in Long Beach, California and at the launch region in the Pacific Ocean.
His honors include: Membership in the International Academy of Astronautics and the Lloyd V. Berkner Award. He speaks English, Russian, Ukrainian, French, Polish, and Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="31125125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125125" title="Loughborough Lightning">
Loughborough Lightning

Loughborough Lightning is a team in the Netball Superleague, the elite netball competition in England, Wales and Scotland. It was created in 2005, with the foundation teams including teams like the Loughborough Lightning. The team is based in Loughborough, Leicestershire.
Former English international Olivia Murphy is the current coach of the side, and international shooter Jo Harten currently features for the side. 

</doc>
<doc id="31125155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125155" title="La chatte métamorphosée en femme">
La chatte métamorphosée en femme

La chatte métamorphosée en femme (The cat transformed into a woman) is a one-act opéra comique of 1858 with words by Eugene Scribe and Mélesville, and music by Jacques Offenbach.
Performance history.
"La chatte métamorphosée en femme" was first performed in Paris, at the Théâtre des Bouffes-Parisiens, on 19 April 1858, and was kept in the repertory by the Bouffes-Parisiens for some time. It was revived at the 1986 Carpentras Festival, and more recently at the Théâtre de Cornouaille, Quimper and the Opéra de Rennes, in 2008.
Synopsis.
"At the back of the stage an alcove with a divan hidden by curtains. At the front a table with a box on it, and a bird cage attached to the wall. Doors to the left and right."
Guido, a handsome bachelor, has been abandoned by all his friends since he lost his money, and Minette, his cat – for which the governor’s cook has offered three florins – is all that remains of Guido’s household. Marianne is sitting by the table knitting; she takes the white cat from her lap to the divan.
Guido returns and Marianne asks why he has not appealed to his rich uncle for financial assistance. Guido forbids her to speak his name: it was he who ruined Guido’s father, furthermore they would have to ask Schalgg, his intendant. Guido rejects this suggestion too; but Marianne suggests that his charming young cousin might help him out. Alone, Guido expresses his love for his ‘pauvre petite Minon’. 
Just then, a stranger, dressed as an Indian comes to the door; it is Dig-Dig. He explains that Guido’s father did business with Indian merchants, and presents a purse with 100 florins owed to Guido’s father. Guido takes the purse and puts it in the box. Dig-Dig claims to be from Kandahar in Kashmir and has visited France and Paris where he taught dancing, astronomy and conjuring, as well as the transmutation of souls. Dig-Dig tells Guido that his cat contains the most beautiful and mischievous young girl, and he will transform the creature – using an amulet (which costs 200 florins). After an invocation to Brahma, the curtain at the rear of the room opens to reveal Minette lying on the divan, as a beautiful girl dressed in white. Guido is stunned as Minette introduces herself to him.
Marianne returns and announces that to buy food for dinner she has agreed the sale of the cat to the wife of the governor; she is astonished to see a woman in Guido’s room. He hastily claims that she is the daughter of an old friend of his father who has just arrived from England. Guido adds, that the governor’s son can come and collect the cat – if he can recognize her… During the following ensemble, Minette begins to behave more and more like a cat.
Guido is worried by this and begins to regret the change in her, and as he tries to assert himself they quarrel and she pretends to jump from the window – Guido rushes out into the street. Marianne is fed up with the commotion in the house and wants to leave, having since found the real cat shut in a cupboard. Minette now lets her in on the plot, as Guido returns without finding the cat. He asks himself “where is she?” to which Minette replies “here I am” and again moves as if to leave. Guido commands Marianne to prevent Minette from leaving, but she affects to be struck dumb. 
Dig-Dig enters, but as he is also struck dumb, Guido goes to his box to find the amulet, but a white cat jumps out and runs off. Marianne and Dig-Dig reveal all: Dig-Dig is Guido’s wealthy uncle’s intendant, while Minette is the cousin whom Guido would not marry. Realising his true feelings, Guido relents and all sing a final chorus and the curtain falls to the words “Miaou!”.
Minette has an air to Brahma, full of trills, a ‘miaou’ cat song, a love duo and an eating trio.
See also.
Frederick Ashton created a short ballet solo for Merle Park in Vienna, 1985 using a pot-pourri of themes from the opera; orchestrated by Philip Gammon for its later presentation at Covent Garden.
Other musical works on this theme include ballets "La Chatte metamorphosée en femme" by Alexandre Montfort with choreography by Jean Coralli (1837), and Henri Sauguet's one-act "La Chatte" (1927).
The story is related to the original fable The Mouse Turned into a Maid, and to La Fontaine’s fable ‘La Chatte métamorphosée en femme’.

</doc>
<doc id="31125156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125156" title="Vineyard Golf Club">
Vineyard Golf Club

The Vineyard Golf Club on Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, (opened in 2002) uses no synthetic pesticides, fertilizers or herbicides making it the only organic golf course in the U.S. The superintendent at the Vineyard Golf Club, Jeff Carlson, was the recipient of the 2003 GCSAA/Golf Digest Environmental Leaders in Golf Award and is the 2008 winner of the President's Award for Environmental Stewardship.
Carlson has used the course as a test site for new maintenance practices and products which have helped other courses become more environmentally friendly. The Vineyard Golf club gained further notoriety in 2009 when President Barack Obama played the course, and then in 2010 when he returned to Martha's Vineyard and played the course multiple times.

</doc>
<doc id="31125161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125161" title="Esporte Clube Paraguaçuense">
Esporte Clube Paraguaçuense

Esporte Clube Paraguaçuense, commonly known as Paraguaçuense, is a Brazilian football club based in Paraguaçu Paulista, São Paulo. The club was formerly known as Esporte Clube Municipal.
History.
The club was founded on November 28, 1965, as Esporte Clube Municipal. They won the Campeonato Paulista Série A2 in 1993.
Stadium.
Esporte Clube Paraguaçuense play their home games at Estádio Carlos Affini. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 15,102 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31125170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125170" title="Jalapa Railroad &amp; Power Co. (JRR&amp;PC)">
Jalapa Railroad &amp; Power Co. (JRR&amp;PC)

The Jalapa Railroad & Power Co. was a railroad enterprise that offered passenger and cargo service between the towns of Xalapa and Teocelo, within the state of Veracruz, México, from 1898 thru 1945.
History.
"In 1895 the Jalapa Railroad & Power Co. of New Jersey projected a 76 km electric railway from Xalapa to Córdoba - which, if built, would have been the first electric railroad in Mexico. Steam locomotives opened the first 18.6 km of the line, as far as Teocelo, in 1898. The railway was never electrified and never reached Córdoba. Gas railcars replaced the locomotives in 1926 and service ended in 1945".

</doc>
<doc id="31125181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125181" title="Cook Islands Netball Association">
Cook Islands Netball Association

Cook Islands Netball Association is the national body which oversees, promotes and manages netball in Cook Islands. The Cook Islands Netball Association is a member of Oceania Netball Federation.
Clubs.
In 1990, the Cook Islands Netball Association included about 15 clubs, all based in the southern islands group. They are Ngatangia/Matavera, Avatiu/Nikao, Arorangi, Titikaveka, Takuvaine, Tupapa, Outer Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="31125226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125226" title="Mike Vining">
Mike Vining

Mike Vining (born October 26, 1944) is a retired college basketball coach. He was head coach of the Northeast Louisiana/Louisiana–Monroe Indians team from 1981 to 2005. During his time at Louisiana–Monroe, he led the team to seven NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="31125234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125234" title="Fretherne with Saul">
Fretherne with Saul

Fretherne with Saul is a civil parish in the Stroud district of Gloucestershire, England. It includes the villages of Framilode, Fretherne, Saul and Upper Framilode.
Watercourses form a significant portion of the parish boundaries: on two sides is the River Severn, which forms the boundary with the parishes of Westbury-on-Severn to the north and Awre to the south-west, both being in the Forest of Dean; and the Gloucester and Sharpness Canal forms the boundary with the parish of Whitminster to the east, and the major portion of the boundary with the parish of Frampton-on-Severn to the south-east. The land boundaries are with the parishes of Arlingham to the west and north-west; Frampton-on-Severn to the south; and Longney and Epney to the north-east.
The parish is crossed by the River Frome, which flows into the Severn at Upper Framilode. The only major road in the parish is the B4071, which connects Saul to the A38.

</doc>
<doc id="31125242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125242" title="United States of America Netball Association">
United States of America Netball Association

United States of America Netball Association is the national body which oversees, promotes and manages netball in the United States. It was created in 2001 in New York City. It has affiliates in California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas, District of Columbia, Tennessee, Nevada, Washington, Arizona and Virginia. When the United States association was first formed, the country ranked 64th in the world. By 2003, the country was ranked 9th in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31125248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125248" title="Republic Hydrometeorological Institute of Serbia">
Republic Hydrometeorological Institute of Serbia

Republic Hydrometeorological Institute of Serbia (Serbian Cyrillic: "Републички Хидрометеоролошки завод Србије" (РХМЗ); Serbian Latin: "Republički hidrometeorološki zavod Srbije" (RHMZ)) is the national meteorological and hydrological service of Serbia.
In Former Yugoslavia, it was part of the Federal Hydrometeorological Institute (FHMI) which was founded on 7 January 1947 unifying the hydrometeorological services on the territory of the whole country. FHMI was one of the 45 world meteorological services, which were founders of WMO. After the FHMI was abolished in April 2003, RHSS was entrusted as its legal successor with all its responsibilities, especially the international cooperation.

</doc>
<doc id="31125250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125250" title="List of tributes to Hank Williams">
List of tributes to Hank Williams

Albums.
Hank Williams tribute albums have been released by a diverse range of artists, including Connie Stevens, George Hamilton IV, Floyd Cramer, George Jones, Glen Campbell, Freddy Fender, Moe Bandy, Ronnie Hawkins, Charlie Rich, Del Shannon, Sammy Kershaw, Trio Los Panchos, Roy Orbison and Hank Locklin. Some additional examples of albums recorded in Williams' honor include:
The tribute album "Timeless" was released in 2001, featuring cover versions of Hank Williams songs by Bob Dylan, Johnny Cash, Keith Richards, Tom Petty, Hank Williams III and others. Cash's version of "I Dreamed About Mama Last Night", which appears on the album, was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance. "Timeless" was also awarded the Grammy for Best Country Album.
Dion Dimucci famous for his Doo Wop songs, The Wanderer & Runaround Sue, named Hank Williams as his most influential artist and covered "Honky Tonk Blues" on his grammy nominated album, "Bronx in Blue", 2007.
Johnny Cash and Jerry Lee Lewis teamed up on the 1971 album "Johnny Cash and Jerry Lee Lewis Sing Hank Williams", which featured covers of 12 of Williams's greatest hits.
British alternative band The The recorded a full album of Williams cover versions in 1994 entitled "Hanky Panky". This was intended to be the first in a series of tribute albums by The The covering the work of influential songwriters and musicians, but no further albums were recorded or released.
Irish singer/songwriter Bap Kennedy covered 11 songs by Hank Williams on his 1999 album "Hillbilly Shakespeare". His follow-up album "Lonely Street", released in 2000, contains numerous references to Hank Williams, and on the sleeve notes, Kennedy acknowledges that the songs were inspired by Williams, as well as Elvis Presley.
Songs.
In 1981 Drifting Cowboys steel guitarist Don Helms teamed up with Hank Williams, Jr. to record "The Ballad of Hank Williams." The track is a spoof or novelty song about Hank Sr.'s early years in the music business and his spending excesses. It was sung to the tune of "The Battle of New Orleans," popularized by Johnny Horton. Hank Jr. begins by saying "Don, tell us how it really was when you was working with Daddy." Helms then goes into a combination of spoken word and song with Williams to describe how Hank, Sr. would "spend a thousand dollars on a hundred dollar show," among other humorous peculiarities. The chorus line "So he fired my ass and he fired Jerry Rivers and he fired everybody just as hard as he could go. He fired Old Cedric and he fired Sammy Pruett. And he fired some people that he didn't even know" is a comical reference to Hank Williams's overreaction to given circumstances. In 1991 country artist Alan Jackson released "Midnight in Montgomery," a song whose lyrics portray meeting Hank Williams's spirit at Williams's gravesite while on his way to a New Year's Eve show. Country artist Marty Stuart also paid homage to Williams with a tribute track entitled "Me And Hank And Jumping Jack Flash." The lyrics tell a story similar to the "Midnight in Montgomery" theme but about an up-and-coming country music singer getting advice from Williams's spirit. In 1983 country music artist David Allan Coe released "The Ride," a song that told a story of a young man with his guitar hitchhiking through Montgomery and being picked up by the ghost of Hank Williams in his Cadillac and driven to the edge of Nashville: "... You don't have to call me mister, mister, the whole world called me Hank."
Songs that pay tribute to Williams include:
Other songs include: "Hank, It Will Never Be the Same Without You", "Hank Williams Meets Jimmie Rodgers", "Tribute to Hank Williams", "Hank and Lefty Raised My Country Soul", "Hank Williams Will Live Forever", "The Ghost of Hank Williams," "In Memory of Hank Williams", "Thanks Hank", "Hank's Home Town", "Good Old Boys Like Me" (Hank Williams and Tennessee Williams), "Why Ain't I Half as Good as Old Hank (Since I'm Feeling All Dead Anyway)?", "The Last Letter" (Mississippi disc jockey Jimmy Swan's reading of a letter to Williams by M-G-M boss Frank Walker) and Charley Pride's album "There's a Little Bit of Hank in Me". (Brackett 2000, p. 219-22).
"I've Done Everything Hank Did But Die" written and performed by Keith Whitley. Never officially released, it was presumably recorded sometime after Keith had surpassed the age of 29, Hank's age when he died. Whitley, who like his idol battled alcoholism, died of acute alcohol poisoning at the age of 33.
On the album "Show Me Your Tears", Frank Black's song "Everything Is New" recounts the tragedy of both Williams' and Johnny Horton's deaths. The relevant lyrics are: "Hiram said to John have you met my wife? Someday she'll be yours when I lose my life. He lost it after playing the old Skyline. Seven years later, after that same gig, John took the wheel, but when he got to the bridge Billy Jean was alone for the second time." Billy Jean of course refers to Billie Jean Jones (Jones being her maiden name) who married both Hiram "Hank" Williams and, later, John "Johnny" Horton. Both men died in vehicles, and both played their last (separate) concerts at Austin, Texas's "the old Skyline" Club (as the song mentions).
Films.
The Last Ride is a 2011 film depicting the last four days of William's life. Directed by Harry Thomason, the film starts Henry Thomas as Hank and Jesse James as Silas the young driver.
The Canadian film "Hank Williams First Nation". This country star's location was Nashville, Tennessee rather than Montgomery, Alabama. 
Film director Paul Schrader has a written an unproduced script entitled "Eight Scenes From the Life of Hank Williams".
Other tributes.
The Off-Broadway musical, "Hank Williams: Lost Highway" earned an Obie award for star Jason Petty, and numerous other New York City theatre award nominations for producer David Fishelson and director Randal Myler in 2003, including "Best Musical" and "Best Off-Broadway Musical" from the Lortel and Outer Critics Circle organizations. In addition, the show earned positive reviews from the national press: Rolling Stone critic and editor Anthony DeCurtis wrote “I was genuinely surprised, even stunned by version of "Hank Williams: Lost Highway"... a rare achievement in any musical theater that I've ever seen”; and Jeremy McCarter of New York Magazine called the production "electrifying", "the most successful jukebox musical I've seen," and "New York's most exciting new musical since Urinetown." The original cast recording of the show was released in 2003.
The play, "Hank Williams: The Show He Never Gave", is a fictional account of the concert he was traveling to when he died. Written by Maynard Collins, the play toured across Canada from 1977–1990, and starred Sneezy Waters. A film, made for Canadian TV, first aired on December 31, 1980.
On Dolly Parton's 2008 album, Backwoods Barbie, the song "The Lonesomes" mentions Hank Williams in saying:
"Just like that old song by Hank Williams;
I am so lonesome I could cry." On her 2014 album, Blue Smoke, the song "Home" mentions Williams when saying "I'm so lonesome I could cry just like old Hank."
"Images of a Country Drifter", a tribute to Williams in song and narration, has been performed by singer-songwriter David Church throughout the United States and Canada.
Canadian songwriter Leonard Cohen refers to Hank Williams in "Tower of Song":
American indie rock band Bright Eyes references Williams' death in "Classic Cars":

</doc>
<doc id="31125251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125251" title="Bangladeshi presidential election, 1981">
Bangladeshi presidential election, 1981

Presidential elections were held in Bangladesh on 15 November 1981. The result was a victory for Abdus Sattar, who won 65.5% of the vote. Turnout was 54.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="31125253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125253" title="Steve Huntz">
Steve Huntz

Stephen Michael Huntz (born December 3, 1945, at Cleveland, Ohio) is a retired American professional baseball player who played infielder in the Major Leagues between and for the St. Louis Cardinals, Chicago White Sox and San Diego Padres. Huntz threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed . He attended Villanova University.
Huntz' professional career extended for 13 seasons (1964; 1966–1977), and he played more than 1,000 games at the Triple-A level of minor league baseball — mostly in the Pacific Coast League. The bulk of his Major League playing time came as a utility infielder for the Cardinals and the Padres. At the close of the season, he was a throw-in in one of the off-season's blockbuster trades, when the White Sox dealt him and left-handed pitcher Tommy John to the Los Angeles Dodgers for slugger Dick Allen. Huntz played exclusively for the Dodgers' Albuquerque Dukes PCL team for two seasons, but was eventually able to return to the Majors and San Diego for one last stint with the Padres in .
Altogether, Huntz appeared in 237 Major League games. His 131 hits included 19 doubles, one triple and 16 home runs.

</doc>
<doc id="31125258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125258" title="Tohoku proportional representation block">
Tohoku proportional representation block

The Tōhoku proportional representation block (比例[代表]東北ブロック, "Hirei [daihyō] Tōhoku burokku") is one of eleven proportional representation (PR) blocks for the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan. It consists of Tōhoku region, namely the prefectures of Aomori, Iwate, Miyagi, Akita, Yamagata and Fukushima. Following the introduction of proportional voting it elected 16 representatives in 1996. Since 2000, the Tōhoku PR block elects 14 Representatives.
Summary of results.
All major national parties have managed to obtain at least one of the PR seats in Tōhoku since the introduction of proportional voting in 1996. The region also contains several strongholds: Aomori in particular is a typical "conservative kingdom" and leans towards the LDP alongside with the Western prefectures along the Sea of Japan coast; Iwate is the home of Ichirō Ozawa, former NFP, LP and DPJ president and a "Democratic kingdom" having also the first prefectural parliament in Japan where the Democrats managed to obtain the status of strongest party in 2007.
Party names are abbreviated as follows (format: abbreviation, translated name, Japanese name, Engrish name):
List of Representatives.
"Note: Party affiliations as of election day."

</doc>
<doc id="31125279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125279" title="Radical 39">
Radical 39

Radical 39 meaning "child" or "seed" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 83 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
In Chinese astrology, 子 represents the first Earthly Branch and corresponds to the Rat in the Chinese zodiac.

</doc>
<doc id="31125281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125281" title="2002 Amsterdam Admirals season">
2002 Amsterdam Admirals season

The 2002 Amsterdam Admirals season was the eighth season for the franchise in the NFL Europe League (NFLEL). The team was led by head coach Bart Andrus in his second year, and played its home games at Amsterdam ArenA in Amsterdam, Netherlands. They finished the regular season in fifth place with a record of four wins and six losses.

</doc>
<doc id="31125290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125290" title="My Life (Grace Griffith album)">
My Life (Grace Griffith album)

My Life is the fourth studio release for American artist Grace Griffith. The album was released March 14, 2006 on Blix Street Records and was produced by Chris Biondo, Marcy Marxer and Lenny Williams who were long-time associates of Griffith who were the production team behind her previous album Sands Of Time. Chris Biondo credits as a producer include Eva Cassidy who also recorded with the record label.
Background.
My Life was recorded at 2 separate studios and consisted of twelve tracks. They are all cover interpretations. The title track "My Life" was written by Iris Dement on her 1994 album My Life which was nominated for a Grammy in the Best Contemporary Folk Album category. Griffith first recorded it on her Minstrel Song album in 2003. On this recording strings were added and ultimately it became the title track as it set the tone for the album’s central theme of the all-healing power of love, hope and inspiration.
"Shape Of My Heart" written by Sting and Dominic Miller) appeared on Sting’s 1993 album Ten Summoner's Tales.
For the album Griffith choose an eclectic mix of styles adapting poems, traditional (fourth track The Cuckoo) and contemporary songs.
Track seven "Song For A Winter's Night" was written by Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot.
The poem and ninth track "Passing Thoughts" was written by her older brother Fred Sisson and set to music by Carey Creed. Diagnosed with Parkinson’s Disease six years before Griffith, Sisson left his government job to devote himself to photography and poetry. According to Griffith, it's not unusual for people with Parkinson's to spout creative wings and celebrate life in and with new directions.
The tenth track "If I Can’t Dance" was a song she performed at the World Parkinson’s Congress in February 2006 which Griffith dedicated to other fellow Parkinson's Disease sufferers.
"MY LIFE feels different than any of my other albums," explains Griffith. "It was recorded during a time of profound change in how I define myself. A lot of that change has its origins in my experience with Parkinson's Disease. This album is not about sweating the small stuff. It's about embracing the big stuff—like comforting someone or making them smile, savoring the light of a candle on a winter’s night or the sunlight in the whispering summer leaves on a walk in the woods. This album is about connection and how essential connection is to our survival and growth as human beings. I think I’ve gone a bit further into the dark side of living than on my other albums, but I’m hoping this eyes-wide-open look at struggle makes the beacon—the light of love in a friend’s eyes or the spark to dance in the face of an avalanche—shine more brightly.”
Critical reception.
Jonathan Widran of "Allmusic" gave the album four out of five stars. Widran said that Griffith’s voice had an "ethereal, emotional magic of Sarah McLachlan", and he made comparisons to the late Eva Cassidy because of the albums "exquisite and haunting" values the fact that My Life was recorded for Blix Street, the label that made Cassidy a "posthumous phenomenon". Wildran also pointed out the sadder connection in that "Griffith has been battling Parkinson's Disease since 1998, and who knows how much longer her voice will be as stunning and pure as it is here? " He said that listeners would pay attention to the "heartbreaking, inspiring opening ballad, My Life ". He went on to say that "If this is the last heard from Griffith on disc, it will indeed be a tragedy "

</doc>
<doc id="31125305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125305" title="Bangladeshi presidential election, 1986">
Bangladeshi presidential election, 1986

Presidential elections were held in Bangladesh on 15 October 1986. The result was a victory for Hussain Muhammad Ershad, who won 84.1% of the vote. Turnout was 54.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="31125308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125308" title="Clube Atlético Taquaritinga">
Clube Atlético Taquaritinga

Clube Atlético Taquaritinga, commonly known as Taquaritinga, is a Brazilian football club based in Taquaritinga, São Paulo state.
History.
The club was founded on March 17, 1942. Taquaritinga was awarded the Troféu dos Invictos in 1957 by A Gazeta Esportiva newspaper after 20 games without losing. They won the Campeonato Paulista Série A3 in 1964, Campeonato Paulista Série A2 in 1982 and in 1992, and the Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão in 1997.
Stadium.
Clube Atlético Taquaritinga play their home games at Estádio Municipal Adail Nunes da Silva, nicknamed "Taquarão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 18,805 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31125316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125316" title="John Rolle (died 1706)">
John Rolle (died 1706)

Sir John Rolle (1626 - April 1706), KBE, of Stevenstone, Devon, was an English landowner, Sheriff of Devon in 1682 and MP for Barnstaple (1660) and for Devon (1661-1679)
Origins.
John Rolle was baptised at Week St Mary, Cornwall, on 23 September 1626. He was the son of Andrew Rolle (d.1628) of Marhayes (anciently "Marrays, Marrais, Marrys" etc.) in the parish of Week St Mary in Cornwall, six miles south of Bude, by his wife Grace Roberts. His grandfather was George II Rolle (d.1573), the second son of the patriarch George Rolle (d.1552), of Stevenstone, the founder of the Rolle families of Devon and Cornwall. George II Rolle had been left by his father's will the wardship and marriage, which he had purchased from her father, of Margaret Marhayes (or "Marrays" etc.), the daughter and sole heir of Edmund Marrys of "Marrys", i.e. Marhayes Manor, Week St Mary, Cornwall. The summarised text of his will concerning this bequest is as follows: "He grants and bequeaths to George, his son, the wardship and marriage of Margaret Marrys, daughter and sole heir to Edmund Marrys, of the parish of St Mary Wyke in the county of Cornwall, in as ample manner as he had of the gift and grant of the said Edmund Marrys, paying yearly to the said Edmund £ ? during his life". George II duly married his inherited ward and thereby founded the cadet line of Rolle of Marhayes, which eventually itself became the senior line on the inheritance of Stevenstone and Bicton by Sir John Rolle (d.1706), KB, the subject of the present article.
Inheritance.
In 1647 he inherited in tail-male the Devon manors of Stevenstone in the parish of St Giles in the Wood, near Great Torrington (23 miles east of Week St Mary) and Bicton, amongst many others, following the death of his second cousin Henry Rolle (1605-1647) of Beam, near Great Torrington, the last male descendent of John's great uncle John Rolle of Stevenstone (d.1570), eldest son of the patriarch George Rolle (d.1552), the founder of the Devon and Cornwall families. This inheritance made him possibly the largest landowner in Devon, a position certainly held in 1873 by his ultimate adoptive heir Hon. Mark Rolle (d.1907), of Stevenstone, as revealed by the Return of Owners of Land survey.
Career.
In 1660 Rolle was elected Member of Parliament for Barnstaple in the Convention Parliament. He was created a Knight of the Bath at the coronation of Charles II. In 1661 he was elected MP for Devon for the Cavalier Parliament and held the seat until 1679. He was High Sheriff of Devon in 1682.
Marriage.
In 1648 he married Florence Rolle (1631-1705), whose mural monument exists in Tawstock Church, the only surviving child of Denys I Rolle (1614–38) of Stevenstone, by his wife Margaret Paulet, daughter of John Paulet, 5th Marquess of Winchester (c.1598-1675). The heir-male of Denys Rolle had been his cousin Henry Rolle of Beam (d.1647) who had married Mary Stevens, daughter of Mr Stevens of Vielstone in the parish of Buckland Brewer, the lordship of which latter manor belonged to the Rolles of Stevenstone. Henry Rolle had died without issue, his heir thus having become John Rolle (d.1706) the subject of the present article. The Rolle family inter-married further with the Stevens family, which were later of Winscott House in the parish of Peters Marland, Devon, and a Stevens was briefly heir apparent to the vast estates of John Rolle, 1st Baron Rolle (d.1842), the last of the Rolles.
Mural monument to wife.
A mural monument exists in St Peter's Church, Tawstock (by Thomas Jewell of Barnstaple) to Florence Rolle (d.1705), daughter and sole heiress of Denys Rolle (1614-1638) of Stevenstone and wife of Sir John Rolle (d.1706) of Marhayes. It was erected by her daughter Margaret Rolle, a spinster who had apparently moved to Tawstock Court, the home of her sister Florence Rolle (Lady Wrey), the widow of Sir Bourchier Wrey, 4th Baronet (d.1696). The inscription is as follows:
""In memory of The Lady Rolle wife of Sr. John Rolle, Knight of ye Bath, ye purity of whose mind, w(hi)ch appeared in all ye dutys of a virtuous life, made her ye best of wives, mothers & friends. Her love was like her piety, constant & unfeigned to her last moment. She dyed Aug(u)st ye 10th 1705". <br>
"Rest pious dust thy God has heard thy prayers,"<br>
"Calm'd all thy sorrows & wip'd off thy tears,"<br>
"Thy soul doth now behold his face divine,"<br>
"And with ye heavenly host in confort joyn,"<br>
"Pitys ye senseless folly of mankind,"<br>
"While she enjoys an endless peace of mind."<br>
"This monument was erected by her daught(e)r M(ist)r(es)s Margaret Rolle"."
On top of the monument is an heraldic cartouche showing the arms of Sir John Rolle, namely Rolle of Marhayes with an inescutcheon of pretence of Rolle of Stevenstone, indicating that Sir John's wife was an heraldic heiress. Above that is the crest of Rolle: "A cubit arm erect vested or charged with a fess indented double cotised azure in the hand a parchment roll ". At the base is a monogram of undeciphered lettering.
Progeny.
By Florence Rolle he had the following progeny:
Death & burial.
Rolle died at the age of 79 and was buried at St Giles in the Wood on 1 May 1706. At the time of his death he owned over forty manors in Devon and estates in Cornwall, Somerset and Northamptonshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31125332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125332" title="2011 IFA Shield">
2011 IFA Shield

The 2011 IFA shield was held in Kolkata starting from March 11, with a total of 10 teams including a Chinese super league team partipcating. Teams were divided into 2 groups and played each other with the top 2 advancing to the semifinals. This was the 115th edition of the tournament.
Participating Teams.
Group A: East Bengal, Mohammedan SC, Southern Samity, Churchill Brothers SC, Shandong Luneng
Group B: Mohan Bagan, Chirag United, Aryan Club, Shillong Lajong FC, Pune FC.
Schedule.
Group League Matches.
2011 IFA Shield Group A
12.03.2011 :: East Bengal 1 - 2 Southern Samity (YBK - 14.00 pm IST)
15.03.2011 :: Mohammedan SC 1 - 0 Shandong Luneng (YBK - 14.00 pm IST)
17.03.2011 :: Mohammedan SC 1 - 1 Southern Samity (YBK - 15.00 pm IST)
18.03.2011 :: Mohammedan SC 1 - 3 Churchill Brothers (YBK - 15.00 pm IST)
20.03.2011 :: East Bengal 1 - 1 Mohammedan SC (YBK - 14.00 pm IST)
20.03.2011 :: Churchill Brothers 1 - 1 Southern Samity (YBK - 17.30 pm IST)
22.03.2011 :: Shandong Luneng 1 - 0 Southern Samity (YBK - 15.00 pm IST)
23.03.2011 :: East Bengal 0 - 1 Churchill Brothers (YBK - 17.30 pm IST)
20.03.2011 :: Churchill Brothers 0 - 2 Shandong Luneng(YBK - ??.00 pm IST)
25.03.2011 :: East Bengal 3 - 1 Shandong Luneng (YBK - 17.30 pm IST)
2011 IFA Shield Group B
11.03.2011 :: Aryan Club 1 - 1 Shillong Lajong FC (YBK - 14.00 pm IST) 
14.03.2011 :: Mohan Bagan 1 - 1 Shillong Lajong FC (YBK - 15.00 pm IST)
16.03.2011 :: Chirag United 0 - 1 Pune FC (YBK - 15.00 pm IST)
17.03.2011 :: Mohan Bagan 1 - 0 Aryan (YBK - 15.30 pm IST)
18.03.2011 :: Chirag United 1 - 2 Shillon Lajong (YBK - 17.30 pm IST)
21.03.2011 :: Chirag United 3 - 0 Aryan (YBK - 15.00 pm IST)
21.03.2011 :: Mohan Bagan 2 - 0 Pune FC(YBK - 17.30 pm IST)
23.03.2011 :: Aryan 0 - 1 Pune FC (YBK - 15.00 pm IST)
24.03.2011 :: Mohan Bagan 1 - 1 Chirag United (YBK - 15.00 pm IST)
26.03.2011 :: Pune FC 1 - 2 Shillong Lajong FC (YBK - 15.00 pm IST)
Semi Final.
28.03.2011 :: Mohan Bagan 2 -1 Southern Samity (YBK - 14.00 pm IST)
28.03.2011 ::Churchill Brothers 2 - 0 Shillong Lajong FC(YBK - 16.30 pm IST)
3rd Place Game.
31.03.2011 :: Southern Samity 4 - 0 Shillong Lajong FC(YBK - 14.00 pm IST)
Final.
31.03.2011 :: Mohan Bagan 1 - 2 Churchill Brothers (YBK - 16.30 pm IST)

</doc>
<doc id="31125344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125344" title="Low Isles Light">
Low Isles Light

Low Isles Light, also known as Low Islets Light or Low Island Light, is an active lighthouse located on Low Island, a coral cay which together with Woody Island forms the Low Isles group, about northeast of Port Douglas, Queensland, Australia. The island is situated on the western edge of the main shipping channel into the harbour of Port Douglas, and it marks the entrance to the channel. Built in 1878, it was the first lighthouse in Far North Queensland and more specifically the first to light the Inner Passage of the Great Barrier Reef. Its construction is typical to Queensland lighthouses of the time, timber frame clad with galvanized iron, and it is the fourth lighthouse of this type constructed in Queensland, though it is the first of them to use portholes. 
The lighthouse was recommended in February 1876 but construction of the lighthouse and cottages, by W. P. Clark, started more than a year later. The structures were ready and the light was lit in late 1878. The original oil wick light was upgraded to kerosene in 1923, to electricity in 1963 and finally converted to solar power in 1993, when the station was demanned.
The size of the island mandated a rather compact circular pattern of structures. Other than the lighthouse, none of the original structures survived, the keeper residences being rebuilt in the 1960s. One of the residences now serves as a research station. The station is owned and managed by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service and the University of Queensland. The site can be visited but the tower is closed.
History.
The need for lights in the Inner Passage inside the Great Barrier Reef arose with the development of ports in the north of Queensland such as Mackay in 1860 and Bowen in 1864. Access to these ports from the north necessitates the negotiation of the Inner Passage which was completely unlit. The need was officially noted by a Legislative Council committee in 1864, especially noting shipping from India, China and other countries to the north which would avoid the northern ports due to the dangerous navigation required, but no official recommendation was made.
A station on Low Island was established 1874. A recommendation for the construction of a permanent lighthouse was made in February 1876 by Commander George Poynter Heath, the first Portmaster of Queensland and the Chairman of the Queensland Marine Board, Commander George Heath, in a letter to the Colonial Treasurer. While the recommendation was accepted for immediate action, the preparation of plans for the lighthouse was delayed from an unknown reason and tenders were called in March 1877. The contract, for £3,195, was awarded on May 1877 to W. P. Clark, who already constructed Queensland's first lighthouse since the separation, Bustard Head Light, in 1868, and who was later to be awarded the contracts for Cape Cleveland Light and Dent Island Light (1878), Double Island Point Light (1884) and Pine Islet Light (1885). Clark committed to completing the lighthouse and cottages in seven months, starting in June 1877. Constructed commenced in Brisbane in July 1877 and by December 1877 the lighthouse was being moved to Low Island. Construction completed by August of that year and light was finally displayed on 17 September 1878. The lens was a Chance Brothers 3rd order (500 mm focal length) revolving dioptric supported by a roller bearing pedestal and the characteristic mentioned was "attains its greatest brilliancy every minute", with visibility of . The tower was painted white. The original light source was oil wick burners with an intensity of 13,000 cd. Construction also included three lighthouse keeper cottages, which were also prefabricated elsewhere and brought to the site.
In March 1911 the island was hit by a cyclone, stripping it of soil and vegetation, and damaging the station buildings. As preparation for transferring the light from the Queensland Government to the Commonwealth Lighthouse Service, an evaluation was made by Commander Brewis in 1912, which recommended an upgrade of the light to incandescent mantle and a change of the characteristic to one flash every ten seconds, as well as the installation of a fog signal. The station was transferred to the Commonwealth in 1915, and it was only in 1923 that the recommendation was acted upon, and the light source was upgraded to vapourised kerosene with an intensity of 100,000 cd. At the same time, the characteristic was altered, and again in 1930. 
In 1960 two of the three residences were replaced with modern structures. Upgrade to electric operation occurred in 1963 and in the same year three structures were constructed. The original boathouse, constructed in 1920, was replaced with a new structure, relieving quarters were built and a fuel store was constructed. In 1972 a power house and a bulk fuel store were constructed.
In 1992 the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) announced its plans to automate the station, remove the light keepers, and transfer the island to the responsibility of the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service (QPWS). This prompted the foundation of the Low Isles Preservation Society, a community organization with the purpose of protecting the island and the lighthouse. The light was eventually converted to solar power on March 1993, and as planned the station was demanned and the site was transferred to the QPWS. The lens which was removed at the time is now on display in the Court House Museum of Port Douglas. The last keeper left the island in 1994.
Current display.
The current light characteristic is a white flash every ten seconds (Fl.W. 10s) visible for a distance of .
The apparatus is a VRB-25 rotating at 1 rpm. The light source is a 12 Volt 20 Watt Halogen lamp with an intensity of 49,212 cd.
Structures.
Lighthouse.
The tower stands on a concrete base. It is conical in shape, built of an internal timber frame, clad with galvanized iron plates riveted together, and painted white. Sunlight is provided through portholes and access to the top floor is via a square timber staircase surrounding the central weight tube. The intermediate landings are of metal clad wood. The tower is surmounted by a balcony and Chance Brothers diameter lantern room, housing a VRB-25 lantern. The balcony is made of radial cantilevered timber sections and is surrounded by an iron balustrade.
Other structures.
The size of the island mandated a compact arrangement of the structures, in a radial pattern with the lighthouse as the axis including both living quarters and service structures. The structures include two keeper's cottages, originally one for the head keeper and one for the assistant keeper, relieving quarters, an older and a newer power houses, an old fuel store and a newer bulk fuel store, a boat house and a toilet block. The station also includes a grave site, some tank, a landing for amphibious vehicles and some weather recording equipment. All structures are timber framed and fibro clad except for the 1972 powerhouse which is brick constructed.
The cottages, constructed in the early 1960s, are raised on concrete posts, and the area beneath is used for utility purposes. Access is through aluminum stairs constructed in 1987. They have hipped roofs of fibro cement and stainless steel gutters. The cottage formerly housing the assistant keeper now serves as the University of Queensland's Low Isles Research Station. It includes a laboratory under the house and can accommodate six people.
Site operation and visiting.
The light is operated by the AMSA. The site is owned and operated by the QPWS as part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park and by the University of Queensland's Centre for Marine Studies. The island is accessible only by boat, and day tours to Low Isles are available from Cairns and Port Douglas. The station is open to the public but the tower itself is closed.
The original 1878 lens is on display in the Court House Museum of Port Douglas.

</doc>
<doc id="31125362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125362" title="Gautam Gulati">
Gautam Gulati

Gautam Gulati (Gautham city) is an International film and tv actor from Delhi.
Graduated from Delhi university(HANSRAJ COLLEGE)
Working in the industry since 7 years now .
His movies are doing good and his second International movie made it to CANNES FILM FESTIVAL which is a big deal for an Indian actor to reach there and the actor is leaving for Cannes soon ,world premiere of his film is in cannes in the month of may and the film will be on the net in the end of may , click on the link below and check out the TEASER 
INTERNATIONAL MOVIE ACTOR
1.Sri Siddhartha Gauthama as Devadaththa 
The biggest box office movie of Sri lanka
2. DARPOK (COWARD) A FILM BY RAKESH MEHTA 
WORLD PREMIERE IN CANNES FILM FESTIVAL 
TEASER OF THE FILM
https://vimeo.com/m/90447925
TELEVISION
ACTOR HAS WORKED FOR 4 YRS IN SHOWS OF EKTA KAPOOR AND HAVE DONE AROUND 6 SHOWS OF BALAJI TELEFILMS AND NOW WORKING IN THE HIGHEST TRP SHOW NAMED DIA AUR BAATI HUM OF STAR PLUS SINCE THREE YEARS

</doc>
<doc id="31125369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125369" title="Radical 40">
Radical 40

Radical 40 meaning "roof" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 246 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31125375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125375" title="Slide (tune type)">
Slide (tune type)

In Irish traditional music, a slide is a tune type in 12/8 akin to, and often confused with, a single jig. Slides originated the Sliabh Luachra region of southwestern Ireland.
Though slides contain the same number of beats per tune as a single jig, melodies are phrased in four rather than two beats. Consequently, single jigs are notated as having eight bars per part and slides as having four bars. Furthermore, the pace is quicker than single jigs, often around 150bpm. While single jigs are often danced solo by step dancers, slides are usually danced in groups by set dancers, sometimes in sets with polkas.

</doc>
<doc id="31125387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125387" title="Kilmuckridge-Tinnaberna Sandhills">
Kilmuckridge-Tinnaberna Sandhills

The Kilmuckridge-Tinnaberna Sandhills are a system of clay cliffs, sand dunes, wet woodland, and gently undulating fixed dunes, known as sand hills, in County Wexford, Ireland. The area was surveyed and described during the 1990s and was designated a Special Area of Conservation. The site was considered to be the best example of grey dunes for lichen diversity in the country.
Damage.
As at 2011 the National Parks and Wildlife Service is attempting to reverse degradation of a large portion of the site (11 ha) that has been damaged by overgrazing and bulldozing. Human-induced damage was first reported to the authorities in 2002. Damage continued for a further eight years before the area was made subject to a Ministerial Direction to restore it to its prior condition, issued under relevant Irish legislation.
External links.
Photographs of undamaged and damaged areas.

</doc>
<doc id="31125389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125389" title="WTC 9/11">
WTC 9/11

WTC 9/11 is a composition by Steve Reich for string quartet written in 2009–2010 which premiered on March 19, 2011 at Duke University. The piece was written for the Kronos Quartet, who performed the premiere, and was co-commissioned by Barbican Centre, Carnegie Hall, Duke University, the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, the Philharmonic Society of Orange County, the Phyllis C. Wattis Foundation, and the National Endowment for the Arts. The piece is approximately fifteen minutes long, and draws inspiration from the events of September 11, 2001.
Background.
The project began when the Kronos Quartet asked Reich to write a piece that utilized pre-recorded voice parts to go along with the music. Reich recalled an idea he had in 1973 of drawing out the end of the speaker's words. In January 2010, Reich decided to use voice recordings related to the September 11 attacks, specifically recordings from the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and the New York City Fire Department (FDNY), as well as parts of interviews with friends and neighbors of Reich that lived in Manhattan at the time of the attacks. Reich's son, daughter-in law, and granddaughter were staying in Reich's apartment, four blocks from the World Trade Center, at the time of the attacks. "WTC 9/11" is the third "major commission" for Reich to write for the Kronos Quartet.
Movements.
"WTC 9/11" consists of three movements, listed below, although there is no pause between movements, and the tempo is consistent throughout the entire piece. The three movements last approximately fifteen and a half minutes in total. Reich stated that he tried to make it longer, but that "the piece wanted to be terse."
The first movement, 9/11/01, begins and ends with a violin imitating the sound a phone makes when left off the hook. Voice recordings in this section begin with NORAD air traffic controllers concerned with the off-track American Airlines Flight 11, and move to FDNY recordings related to activities on the ground. Voice recordings in the second movement consist of parts of interviews conducted in 2010 by Reich. In addition to voice recordings, two string quartets are pre-recorded for the performance. Alternatively, the piece can be performed by three string quartets with pre-recorded voices only.
Performances.
The premiere of "WTC 9/11" took place on March 19, 2011 at Duke University, and was performed by the Kronos Quartet. The piece was also performed at Carnegie Hall in April, and Barbican Centre in May.
It was later performed at (Le) Poisson Rouge in New York City on September 11, 2012 by the American Contemporary Music Ensemble (ACME).
Album artwork controversy.
The first recording of the piece, released by Nonesuch Records on September 20, 2011, initially featured a photograph of the twin towers of the World Trade Center during the attacks. The use of the image was widely criticized, some accusing Nonesuch of exploiting the attacks for commercial purposes. Composer Phil Kline stated that the artwork is "the first truly despicable classical album cover" that he had ever seen. Seth Colter Walls of "Slate" criticized the artwork because it misrepresents the music by only dealing with the day of the attacks itself; whereas the piece focuses more on the aftermath of the attacks. Anne Midgette of "The Washington Post" disagreed with those who felt that the cover was insensitive. Midgette stated that the cover "clearly reflects the content of the album" and that the emotional response to the image was clouding others' judgement: "this picture evokes a strong reaction, so it must be bad." Nonesuch released a statement from Reich on August 12 announcing that the cover would be changed, stating that he did not want the cover to distract listeners from the music.

</doc>
<doc id="31125397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125397" title="Levi Zililo Mumba">
Levi Zililo Mumba

Levi Zililo Mumba (died January 1945) was a leading local politician and the first President of the Nyasaland African Congress (NAC) during the period of British colonial rule in Nyasaland, which became the independent state of Malawi in 1964.
Mumba was probably the most important figure in the development of Malawi politics between World War I and World War II.
Early years.
Levi Mumba was a Ngoni.
He spoke the Tumbuka language as his native tongue.
He was a graduate of the Overtoun Institution of the Livingstonia Mission, founded by Scottish missionaries in northern Nyasaland, which educated several of the early African leaders in the colony.
Mumba passed his final examinations at the institute in 1903 with flying colors and was the first to take a commercial course.
From March 1905 until 1915 he was the first African teacher of commercial subjects, as well as the bookkeeper of the Institution.
He was encouraged to take a more active role in politics by Dr. G. Meredith Sanderson of the colonial medical service, author of "The Yaos", a book about the Yao people.
Native association leader.
Mumba was elected secretary of the North Nyasa Native Association when it was formed in 1912, the first of several such associations of educated "natives".
In 1923 the Mwenzo Welfare Association was formed by Mumba's old school-mate, Donald Siwale, with a constitution based on that of the North Nyasa Native Association.
Mumba was the architect of many of these associations, which had very similar constitutions.
In a 1924 memo, Mumba described the purpose of these associations as to bring better local conditions and to represent public opinion more effectively to the colonial administrators than was done by the chiefs and headmen.
In 1924 Mumba expressed the hope that the associations could "assume national importance by amalgamation under a central body".
That year, he established a Representative Committee of the Northern Provinces Associations at Zomba, the capital of Nyasaland in the southern province. 
His brother-in-law Mopho Jere became secretary of the Representative Committee in 1928 and its president some time before 1937.
The Representative Committee forwarded complaints to the central government about the behavior of colonial officials, and made requests for government assistance in expanding cash crop farming and the retail trade.
Mumba and James Frederick Sangala in Blantyre became the leaders of the Native Association movement in the 1930s.
During this period, the white colonists of Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) and Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia) were pushing for unification, and wanted to include Nyasaland in the union, seeing Nyasaland as a useful source of labor that might otherwise be drawn to South Africa. Nyasas resisted this move since they regarded the Rhodesias as "White Man" territory, and preferred the trusteeship arrangement in Nyasaland under which they had greater rights.
As early as 1935, the Blantyre Native Association led by Sangala called a meeting of leaders in the area where they were invited to sign a petition opposing amalgamation. When the colonial administration asked the chiefs for views on unification in 1938, the formal statement in reply was in fact composed by Mumba.
Writing on behalf of the Representative Committee in a letter to the Chief Secretary of the colony dated April 1935, Mumba asked why Africans were not allowed a greater role in the celebrations of the King's birthday and in the swearing-in ceremony for the Governor.
He said that "...Thst such an important Government function should ignore or fail to find a place for even its few senior African officers ... including some well-to-do and respectable Africans, who can be of help in explaining the meaning of the occasion to others later, has created the wrong idea that they are not wanted there, and adds to their perplexities".
There is a note of elitism here, distinguishing between educated men and the less sophisticated chiefs and headmen.
Later, Mumba put the case more simply: "the natives of the country should be taken into the confidence of the government as His Majesty's subject like all others ... the natives are considered as children in these matters, and so they are, but it is as children when they can better be initiated into what is demanded of them when they grow up".
On 12 May 1935 he talked with the governor, Sir Harold Kittermaster, on the subject of the proper method of communication between the government and Africans. He opposed the policy of the time which was to go through the Native Administrations, dominated by conservative chiefs and headmen, and recommended a greater voice for the Associations. He argued that the members of the Associations were in closer touch with the Europeans and better able to express opinions in a comprehensible way.
However, the colonial government refused to take the Native Authorities or the Associations and their aspirations seriously before the Second World War.
Nyasaland African Congress leader.
The Nyasaland African Congress was the first organization that attempted to work at a national level.
At the inaugural meeting of the Congress held in Blantyre in October 1944, Mumba was elected President-General.
James Sangala, the other main mover in creating the Congress, had recently been transferred to Dedza in the Central province and was unable to attend, but was elected to the central committee.
As with most members of the Congress, Mumba was privileged to come from a respected family and to have mission education.
The leaders of the Congress included pastors and teachers such as Mumba from the earlier Associations, but tended to now also include civil servants, clerks and businessmen.
Soon after being elected, in January 1945 Mumba died.
He was succeeded by Charles Matinga. Without the leadership of Mumba and of Isaac Lawrence, who also died around that time, the congress lost momentum.
Views on religion and education.
In 1929, Mumba was associated with formation of the African National Church, which permitted polygamy.
Although Christian, Mumba wrote an article titled "The Religion of my Fathers" that defended traditional beliefs from attack by ignorant and prejudiced people.
The article appeared in the "International Review of Missions" in 1930, submitted by the missionary Cullen Young and attributed only to "a member of one of the Nyasaland tribes".
In this essay he emphasized the importance of mediation in the Ngoni culture, where the spirits of ancestors mediated between living people and the deity.
When the colonial government proposed making the Nyanja language the standard language of schools, on the basis that it was widely spoken in Nyasaland, Mumba opposed the idea as a representative of speakers of the Tumbuka language. He said that people wanted to first learn books in their native tongue, and then to learn English, which was more useful. He proposed that if an official language be adopted, it should be English.
In 1932, Mumba prepared a memorandum advocating improved higher education for Africans, which was received without enthusiasm.
In 1934, Mumba asked the government to pay part of his son's secondary schooling in South Africa in the absence of a local alternative. The government reluctantly provided ₤13-10-0. The Chief Secretary commented on the incident: "Such cases will continue to be rare for some time to come, fortunately I think, since the slower the progress - in the direction of higher education for the African - the better".
However, Mumba was appointed to the Advisory Committee on Education in 1933.
He participated in the debate on Colored education in the Advisory Committee in 1934, arguing against free primary education for just one section of the community (the "Coloreds" or so-called half-castes) and arguing in favor of including the whole community.
A 1934 memorandum that Mumba prepared on post-primary and higher education was rejected by the Advisory Committee.
In a report prepared for the colonial authorities in 1938 he said: 
"...the training which the African has received hitherto both in schools and through contact with white men whether as semi-skilled or unskilled workers has been aimed at fitting him as a worker for, instead of a worker with, the white man...".
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31125409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125409" title="Alpe du Grand Serre">
Alpe du Grand Serre

Alpe du Grand Serre is a ski resort located in the French Dauphine Alps in Isère "département", upon the commune of La Morte, sitting at 1368m. The village itself is located at the summit of a mountain pass at the gates of the Oisans valley, between the Romanche valley and the Roizonne valley. Neighbouring mountains are the Taillefer (2857m) and the Grand Serre summit (2141m). It remains a small mountain village with traditional alpine buildings and atmosphere. Thus, it is mostly visited by local people and families from the Grenoble urban area.
History.
The ski resort has been created in 1938 under the following name "La Morte". Its name changed to Alpe du Grand Serre in the 1960s with the build of the Petit Mollard lift. Today, the skiable area represents some 220 hectares, based upon 14 lifts. Having been historically ruled by the commune of La Morte, the ski resort of Alpe du Grand Serre has been managed since 2001 by "société d'aménagement touristique Alpe d'Huez grand domaine (S.A.T.A.)".
Technical characteristics.
Skilifts :

</doc>
<doc id="31125414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125414" title="John Rowley">
John Rowley

John Vincent D'Alessio Rowley (12 December 1907 – 30 November 1996) was a South African born English cricketer and colonial governor. Rowley was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper. He was born in Graaff-Reinet, Cape Province.
Rowley played two first-class matches for Oxford University in 1927, against the Army and the touring New Zealanders. In his two first-class matches he scored 4 runs at a batting average of 2.00, with a highest score of 2*. Behind the stumps he took a single catch and made a single stumping.
Rowley made his debut for Devon in the 1949 Minor Counties Championship against Cornwall. He played two further fixtures for the county in 1949, against the Second XI's of Kent and Surrey. He played one further match for Devon in 1951 against Oxfordshire.
Rowley later served as the Governor of Darfur from 1953-1955. He died in Newbury, Berkshire on 30 November 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31125431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125431" title="Eros, Inside Eros">
Eros, Inside Eros

Eros, Inside Eros (1986) is a bronze sculpture by Arman.
It is in the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.
The artist began cutting up works in 1962; the work comments on the emptiness of the god, Eros.

</doc>
<doc id="31125441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125441" title="Maria Perepelkina">
Maria Perepelkina

Maria Nikolaevna Perepelkina (Russian: Мария Николаевна Перепелкина; born 9 March 1984) is a Russian volleyball player. She was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 2010 World Championship.
References.
[http://www.webcitation.org/5x2WVvMIM]

</doc>
<doc id="31125459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125459" title="West Swagg Music Group">
West Swagg Music Group

West Swagg Music Group is an American independent record label, established in 2010, that was located in the West Coast and designed to sign and distribute the music from West Coast Artist. 
West Swagg Music Group currently has a label deal with Bungalo Records, with full distribution through Universal Music Group Distribution. Paul Ring, CEO of Bungalo/Universal Records, has formed a partnership with West Swagg Music Group.

</doc>
<doc id="31125468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125468" title="Luis Sánchez de Tagle, 1st Marquis of Altamira">
Luis Sánchez de Tagle, 1st Marquis of Altamira

Don Luis Sánchez de Tagle y de la Rasa, 1st Marquis of Altamira (1642 - 17??) was a Spanish aristocrat who gained great wealth and influence in New Spain during the 17th century.
Early life.
Don Luis was born on 1642 in Santillana, Spain. He was the son of Don Anselmo Sánchez de Tagle and his second wife, Doña Julianna de la Rasa Barreda. Through his father, he was a member of the House of Tagle, one of Spain's most important noble families whose origins can be traced back during the 6th century in the Kingdom of Asturias. At a very young age he left Spain and migrated to New Spain, now Mexico, amassed great power and influence.
Life in New Spain.
Don Luis became the most successful and richest man in New Spain by the end of the 16th century. He had many businesses in the commercial market and held the greatest influence as the financier and buyer of the silver mines. as well as investing in large haciendas in northern Mexico. He wielded the greatest influence in the realm as well as outside it as branch members of his family also held great influence in other Spanish colonies such as Peru, Guatemala, Chile leading all the way to the Philippines (the Tagle family AND the Perez de Tagle family whose descendants include Don Fausto Preysler Perez de Tagle of Banco Español-Filipino and his daughter Isabel Preysler), where Manila was one of the greatest commercial hubs of the Spanish Empire.
So great was his wealth that he was able to lend the Spanish Crown 850,000 silver pesos from 1683 to 1698. Between 1700 and 1703, Don Luis was able to lend 500,000 pesos de oro común to the dynasty of Spain's new king, Philip V, the first Spanish king from the House of Bourbon. In gratitude for his loyalty to the Spanish crown, King Philip V granted him the title of 1st Marquis of Altamira, reflecting his good standing in this new dynasty.
The Marquis of Altamira, together with the Marquis of Santa Sabina and the Marquis of Santa Fe, composed the triumvirate which represented the Consulado of Seville and together they defended the interests of the Spanish fleet merchants in New Spain.
The House of Tagle led by the Marquis of Altamira also involved itself in the Philippines. A branch of the family migrated to the colony and ensured the family's influence over the country. Also, with the family ties to the colony, they managed to create a strong relationship with Fausto Cruzat, who served as the Governor General to the Philippines beginning in 1688. This relationship resulted in the engagement of Cruzat's daughtern Doña Ignacia, to Don Domingo Ruiz de Tagle, Marquis of Sierra Nevada who was the nephew of Don Luis. Don Domingo Ruiz de Tagle stayed in the Philippines starting 1708 and served as the General of the Manila-Acapulco Galleon Trade.
Conflict with the Duke of Alburquerque.
On November 27, 1702, Don Francisco Fernández de la Cueva, 10th Duke of Alburquerque was assigned by the Spanish crown as the new viceroy of New Spain. The rival merchants of Don Luis forged an alliance with the Duke, who intern received bribes and even mounted his own business schemes to market illegal merchandise. Soon enough the Duke of Alburquerque clashed with the Marquis of Altamira; in 1703 the Duke accused the Don Luis' nephew the Marquis of Sierra Nevada of breaching the trade restrictions of the Manila-Acapulco Galleon Trade. The Duke also derail the marriage of Don Domingo to Ignacia Cruzat, and supported Jose Joaquin de Uribe, the new oidor or judge as he is one of the Duke's favorite in the high court. On February 6, 1703, the Duke of Alburquerque imprisoned the Marquis of Sierra Nevada for his so-called violations.
Even though the two families are in a feud, the Duke's wife, Doña Juana de la Cerda, the Duchess of Alburquerque and daughter of the 8th Duke of Medinaceli maintained a strong friendship with Doña Luisa Sánchez de Tagle, the daughter of the Marquis of Altamira. This friendship caused the duchess strong disagreement with her husband's actions during the conflict.
On the evening of June 1, 1703, the Duke of Alburquerque ordered the arrest and imprisonment of Don Luis, his nephew and son-in-law Don Pedro for breaching his decree of not obstructing the trial against Don Domingo. Even though only a minority supported immediate sanctions against the Tagle family, the Duke ignored the majority vote of the audiencia who wished for further investigations. Aside from their arrest and imprisonment, the Duke fined each 10,000 pesos, confiscate all their properties and exile them from Mexico.
The feud of two of Spain's most important aristocratic families did not go unnoticed to the Spanish Court as the news reached Madrid. Archbishop Juan Ortega y Montañés, who was also the former viceroy of New Spain and a good friend of the Don Luis, complained bitterly to King Philip V of Spain about the actions of the Duke of Alburquerque and the audencia. in 1704, a representative of the House of Tagle defended the family before the Spanish Court. During the trial, the Marquis of Altamira also charged the Duke of Alburquerque and his minions had forged the records of the Royal Audiencia falsely to express unanimous support for the imprisonment of the members of the Tagle family.
On June 19, 1704, Don Pedro, the rest of the members of the family were released, winning the battle and have the Duke of Alburquerque and his allies pay them a sum of money for all the damages like the 110,000 pesos the Duke of Alburquerque exacted from the Marquis of Altamira and regaining all of their confiscated properties.
Family.
Don Luis married Doña Damiana de Davila y Rojas, daughter of Don Jeronimo Davila and Doña Maria Rojas. Together they had a daughter Doña Luisa Sánchez de Tagle who married her first cousin Don Pedro Sánchez de Tagle.
He was succeeded by his nephew and son-in-law Don Pedro Sánchez de Tagle, 2nd Marquis of Altamira.
The Marquis of Altamira is also the ancestor of several important aristocrats, particularly Doña Rosa Juliana Sánchez de Tagle, Marquesa of Torre Tagle and Ana Maria, Empress of Mexico was the great great great granddaughter of his brother Don Pedro Sánchez de Tagle y de la Rasa, members of the House of Tagle. He is also the direct ancestor of Hugo O'Donnell, 7th Duke of Tetuan.

</doc>
<doc id="31125487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125487" title="Virginia Washington Monument">
Virginia Washington Monument

The Virginia Washington Monument is an equestrian statue located adjacent to the Virginia State Capitol in Capitol Square, in the city of Richmond, Virginia. In 1858, it became the second equestrian statue of George Washington to be unveiled in the United States (following the one in Union Square, New York City, unveiled in 1856). It is the terminus for Grace Street.
The cornerstone of the monument was laid in 1850. During the American Civil War, it was the location for the inauguration of Jefferson Davis as President of the Confederate States of America on February 22, 1862, and later was incorporated into the design of the Great Seal of the Confederate States. It was not completed until after the war, in 1869. 
The monument features a , bronze statue of Washington on horseback. The base of the monument (finished after the Civil War) includes statues of six other noted Virginians who took part in the American Revolution: Thomas Jefferson, Patrick Henry, Andrew Lewis, John Marshall, George Mason, Thomas Nelson Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="31125492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125492" title="CEIM">
CEIM

The Madrid Confederation of Employers and Industries (CEIM in its Spanish acronym) is an organization that represents the business owners of Madrid, Spain.
History.
Several groups of business led by Max Mazin formed Independent Employers Association (AEI) and later Madrid Independent Employers Association (AEIM). In Madrid the Madrid Employers Federation (FEM) and Federation of Employers' Associations of Madrid (FAEM) joined with AEIM and formed CEIM on 28 February 1978. Thehe first president was Jose Antonio Segurado.
Governance.
General Assembly.
The representative organ of the Confederation. It is formed by organisations and companies.
Board of directors.
It is formed by people chosen in General Assembly.
Executive committee.
It is formed by the president, vice-president, the treasurer, the accountant and the representatives
Assessments.
The board of assessors is formed by Advisory council, council of presidents, and the work commissions.
Advisory council.
It assesses the president.
Council of presidents.
The council of presidents comprises the regional and sectional presidents along with the national Vice-President, Treasurer and Accountant.
Work commissions.
Work commissions study affairs about which governing members must make decisions.
Departments.
The CEIM assesses, informs and supports Madrid businessmen about the following topics:

</doc>
<doc id="31125515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125515" title="The Dolley Madison Digital Edition">
The Dolley Madison Digital Edition

Dolley Madison Digital Edition
Overview.
The Dolley Madison Digital Edition (DMDE) is a born-digital comprehensive edition of the correspondence and ancillary documents of Dolley Payne Todd Madison. Rotunda, the electronic imprint of the University of Virginia Press, published the first installment of the edition in 2004. The edition currently (2011) covers Dolley’s letters through 1840, but plans to include documents from the period 1841-1843 over the summer of 2011. The DMDE was the first publication of Rotunda and is now available as part of Rotunda's American Founding Era Collection.
Protocols.
The DMDE attempts to identify every person, place, organization, and citation that is mentioned in the correspondence (or other documents such as newspaper articles, legal documents, and invitations). Annotations are provided by associating names to text. A list is provided in the left hand margin to facilitate searching. In addition the DMDE provides editorial notes to explain issues that transcend individual letters but have not been the subject of serious historical research and writing. All documents are marked up in XML and conform to TEI.P5. Readers can both browse and search the collection or pull up the complete set of annotations, called in this edition the “glossary.”
History.
The DMDE was created by Holly Cowan Shulman working in close collaboration with the Papers of James Madison and Rotunda. The goal of the edition was and remains twofold: to provide a modern edition of Dolley Madison’s correspondence; and to provide a model for a born-digital documentary edition in the field of history.
There are two previous editions of letters of Dolley Madison. The first, edited by her great-niece, Lucia B. Cutts, was originally published in 1886. The second, edited by a Washington historian, Allen C. Clark, was published in 1914. Both are highly selected and heavily bowdlerized.
The DMDE was preceded by a selective edition edited by Shulman and David B. Mattern, senior associate editor of the Papers of James Madison: The Selected Letters of Dolley Payne Madison, published in 2003 by the University of Virginia Press.
For more on the project see The Dolley Madison Digital Edition.
Funding.
The Dolley Madison Digital Edition is funded by the National Endowment for the Humanities and the National Publications and Records Commission.
Articles.
The DMDE has been referenced in such publications as: Catherine Allgor, "A Perfect Union"; Jason Ripper, "American Stories"; Cokie Roberts, "Ladies of Liberty"; Annette Gordon-Reed, "The Hemingses of Monticello"; Johanna Drucker, "SpecLab: Digital Aesthetics and Projects in Speculative Computing"; David Lynn Holmes, "The Faiths of the Founding Fathers"; Woody Holton, "Abigail Adams"; Jon Meacham, "American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House"; Caroline Winterer, "The Mirror of Antiquity".

</doc>
<doc id="31125524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125524" title="Ernest Lyon">
Ernest Lyon

Ernest Lyon (1860–1938) was an African-American minister, educator and diplomat. 
Biography.
While there are few accounts that Lyon was born in Honduras, most sources have him being born in Belize City, British Honduras. Lyon immigrated to the United States in the 1870s. He received an A.B. degree from New Orleans University and became a Methodist Episcopal in Baltimore, Maryland. In 1901, he became professor of church history at Morgan College and was among the founders of Maryland Industrial and Agricultural Institute, a school for American-American youth. The civil rights leader Booker T. Washington recommended Lyon to President Theodore Roosevelt, who appointed him U.S. Minister and Consul General to Liberia in 1903. He served in this capacity until 1910. Following his diplomatic service, he returned to Baltimore to become the minister of Ames Methodist Episcopal Church.

</doc>
<doc id="31125528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125528" title="Goribor (album)">
Goribor (album)

Goribor is the eponymous debut album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor, released in 2007 by Dancing Bear in Croatia and Automatik Records in Serbia.
Track listing.
All lyrics written by Aleksandar Stojković "St". All music written by Aleksandar Stojković "St", except tracks 5 and 12, written by Željko Ljubić "Pity", and tracks 6, 9 and 11, written by Predrag Marković "Peđa". 
Personnel.
Goribor
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="31125529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125529" title="Nonesuch Records discography">
Nonesuch Records discography

This is a Nonesuch Records discography, organized by catalog number.
Discography.
Multiple sets.
HB=2-rec set; HC=3-rec set; HD=4-rec set; HE=5-rec set

</doc>
<doc id="31125551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125551" title="Zagster">
Zagster

Zagster is a venture-funded startup company based in Boston, Massachusetts that designs, builds, and operates private bike sharing programs for universities, corporate campuses, hotels, and residential communities across the United States. Zagster's deployment partners include Yale University, Quicken Loans, Hyatt, The Related Companies, and Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts. 
History.
Zagster was founded in 2007 by Drexel University graduates Timothy Ericson and Jason Meinzer as 'CityRyde'. CityRyde initially sought to operate a bike-sharing program in the Philadelphia region, but later established itself as a software provider and consultant in the industry. 
In September 2009, CityRyde launched Spark, the world’s first off-the-shelf bike-sharing fleet management software, at the University of Chicago. Spark's features include electronic user registration, automated rental processes, integration with automated locking mechanisms, a customized reporting dashboard, and the ability to integrate with existing systems. Spark was used at 10 universities, including the University of Chicago, Cornell University, University of Colorado at Boulder and Drexel University. Spark was also adopted by The Related Companies, a real estate developer, manager and financier, for use in apartment complexes.
In 2011 CityRyde released Inspire, a software package which certifies and monetizes carbon offset credits to generate additional revenue for bike-sharing systems, which have traditionally struggled in that regard. Inspire integrates with existing systems to retrieve bicycle usage data and calculate carbon savings using the proprietary algorithms of CityRyde’s carbon methodology, which was validated in the summer of 2011 for the Voluntary Carbon Standard.
In 2012 CityRyde was renamed Zagster and moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts to join the TechStars startup accelerator program. Zagster was also selected as a finalist for the MassChallenge startup competition in 2012. The company raised a $1M funding round in fall 2012 led by LaunchCapital and Fontinalis Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="31125554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125554" title="Ecological inheritance">
Ecological inheritance

Ecological Inheritance is the physical consequence of niche construction passed down through generations through ancestral organisms. This differs from genetic inheritance because it depends on each generation to sustain the efforts towards environmental modifications of previous generations.

</doc>
<doc id="31125571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125571" title="Dog Falls">
Dog Falls

Dog Falls is the name of a several waterfalls:
In Scotland:
In Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="31125596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125596" title="Hagwilget Canyon Bridge">
Hagwilget Canyon Bridge

Hagwilget Canyon Bridge is a suspension bridge over the Hagwilget Canyon on the Bulkley River, at the Wet'suwet'en village of Hagwilget, British Columbia. The current bridge was constructed in 1931, and later reinforced in 1990. 
Three previous bridges spanned the same location, the first constructed by Wet'suwet'en people, generations before white settlement. The Wet'suwet'en later reinforced their bridge using cable abandoned after the disbandment of the Russian–American Telegraph expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="31125598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125598" title="Felice Alessandri">
Felice Alessandri

Felice Alessandri (24 November 1747 – 15 August 1798) was an Italian keyboardist and composer who was internationally active; working in Berlin, London, Paris, St. Petersburg, and Turin. He is best known for his stage works, and he produced a total of 32 operas between 1764 and 1794. His other compositions include 6 symphonies, 6 trio sonatas for 2 violins with basso continuo, a ballet, and an oratorio.
Life and career.
Born in Rome, Alessandri was trained at the Naples Conservatory. After completing his studies he became maestro di cappella at the Turin Cathedral. He then moved to Paris, France where he lived for 4 years. After a brief return to Italy, he came to London in 1768 where he was active as a concert pianist and two of his comic operas were staged: "La moglie fedete" and "Re alia caccia". He then spent time in various cities in Italy and in St. Petersburg, Russia. He came to Berlin in 1789 where he served as choir master of the Berlin Hofoper from 1790-1792. Two of his operas were premiered in Berlin: "Il Ritorno a Ulysse" (1790) and "Dario" (1791). In 1792 his comic opera "L'Ouverture du grand opera italien a Nankin" was mounted in Potsdam. Not much is known about his activities over the next six years. He died in 1798 in Casalino at the age of 50.

</doc>
<doc id="31125605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125605" title="List of European basketball players in the United States">
List of European basketball players in the United States

Belgium.
Didier Ilunga-Mbenga - New Orleans Hornets
France.
Alexis Ajinca – Dallas Mavericks
Nicolas Batum –Portland Trail Blazers
Rodrigue Beaubois – Dallas Mavericks
Boris Diaw - San Antonio Spurs
Ian Mahinmi - Dallas Mavericks
Tony Parker - San Antonio Spurs
Johan Petro - New Jersey Nets
Mickael Pietrus - Orlando Magic
Kevin Seraphin - Washington Wizards
Pape Sy - Atlanta Hawks
Ronny Turiaf - New York Knicks
Georgia.
Zaza Pachulia - Atlanta Hawks
Germany.
Dirk Nowitzki - Dallas Mavericks
Great Britain.
NBA.
Kelenna Azubuike - New York Knicks
Luol Deng - Chicago Bulls
Pops Mensah Bonsu - New Orleans Hornets
Ben Gordon - Detroit Pistons (dual nationality American/British)
Non NBA.
Ogo Adegboye - St Bonaventure
Fahro Alihodzic - Forham (Bosnian Born)
Ben Allison - Davidson Wildcats
Larry Awosanya - Campbell
Devan Bailey - Central Connecticut State
Matthew Bryan-Amaning - Washington Huskies
Danny Carter - Stony Brook
Richard Clark - St. Francis
Ben Daniels - Houston Baptist
Ben Eaves - University of Connecticut
Sam Fernley - Fairleigh Dickinson Knights
Alisdair Fraser - University of Maine
Aaron Geramipoor - Seton Hall
Lee Goldsbrough
Paul Guede - Portland State Vikings
Ashley Hamilton - Loyola Marymount
Clayfell Harris - Wagner
Joe Ikhinmwin - South Carolina State
Daniel James - Monmouth
Ryan Kilmartin - Appalachian State
Andrew Lawrence - Charleston Cougars
Myles Luttman - San Diego City College
Mikey Manghum - Oral Roberts Golden Eagles
Raheem May-Thompson - Quinnipiac
Chris McNamara - Washington State
Ben Mockford - St Francis
Levi Noel - Notre Dame Prep
Patrick Nyeko - Nevada Wolf Pack
Tom Pereira - Rider
Justin Robinson - Ryder
Ovie Soko - Univer
Eric Boateng - Idaho Stampede
Greece.
Giannis Antetokounmpo - Milwaukee Bucks
Nick Calathes - Memphis Grizzlies
Kosta Koufos - Memphis Grizzlies
Israel.
Gal Mekel - Dallas Mavericks
Omri Casspi - Houston Rockets
Italy.
Andrea Bargnani - Toronto Raptors
Marco Belinelli - Chicago Bulls
Danilo Gallinari - New York Knicks
Latvia.
Andris Biedrins - Golden State Warriors
Lithuania.
Zydrunas Ilgauskas - Miami Heat
Linas Kleiza - Toronto Raptors
Darius Songaila - Philadelphia 76ers
Montenegro.
Francisco Elson - Utah Jazz
Dan Gadzuric - Golden State Warriors
Poland.
Marcin Gortat - Orlando Magic
Russia.
Andrei Kirilenko - Utah Jazz
Timofey Mozgov - New York Knicks
Serbia.
Nenad Krstic - Oklahoma City Thunder
Darko Milicic - Minnesota Timberwolves
Vladimir Radmanovic - Golden State Warriors
Predrag Stojakovic - New Orleans Hornets
Slovenia.
Goran Dragic - Phoenix Suns
Beno Udrih - Sacramento Kings
Sasha Vujacic - LA Lakers
Sweden.
Jonas Jerebko - Detroit Pistons
Switzerland.
Thabo Sefolosha - Oklahoma City Thunder
Turkey.
Ömer Aşık - Chicago Bulls
Semih Erden - Boston Celtics
Ersan İlyasova - Milwaukee Bucks
Mehmet Okur - Utah Jazz
Hedo Türkoğlu - Orlando Magic
Ukraine.
Kyrylo Fesenko - Utah Jazz

</doc>
<doc id="31125607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125607" title="Egypt–Palestine relations">
Egypt–Palestine relations

Egypt–Palestine relations are the bilateral relations between the Arab Republic of Egypt and the Palestinian Authority. Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser was a strong supporter of the Palestinian cause and he favored self-determination for the Palestinians. Even today Egypt maintains strong relations with the Palestinian Authority and it favors peace between both Israel and Palestine
Historical Relations.
Relations between Egypt and the Palestinians started after the Egyptian Revolution of 1952. Many Palestinians saw Nasser as the only real person who could defeat the Israelis and many of them had sympathized with him and supported him. During the January 1964 Arab League summit, Nasser decided to establish an organization to represent the Palestinians. In May 1964, the Palestine Liberation Organization or PLO was established. It included various Palestinian factions and its first leader was Ahmad Shukeiri, who was supported by Nasser. But after Egypt was defeated in the Six Day War in June 1967, Nasser began to call for peace with Israel.But his traditional allies (Syria, Iraq, Algeria, and the PLO) opposed his recent moves and formed a "rejectionist front."
In January 1968, Nasser commenced the War of Attrition against Israel, ordering his forces to begin attacking Israeli positions east of the now-blockaded Suez Canal. In the same month, he allowed the Soviets to construct naval facilities in Port Said, Marsa Matruh, and Alexandria. Then in March, Fatah under the leadership of Yasser Arafat, faced off with Israel in Jordan in what became known as the Battle of Karameh. The Jordanian Army eventually backed Fatah fighters forcing Israel to withdraw its troops without achieving its strategic goal—destruction of the Palestinian fedayeen base. The battle was thus seen as an Arab victory over Israel and Nasser immediately dispatched Mohammed Hassanein Heikal to invite Arafat to Cairo. There, Nasser offered the Fatah movement arms and financial support, but advised Arafat to think of peace with Israel and establishing a Palestinian state comprising the West Bank and the Gaza Strip; Nasser was effectively ceding his leadership of the "Palestine issue" to Arafat. Eventually Yasser Arafat was later elected President of the PLO.
But after the death of Nasser his successor Anwar Sadat signed the Camp David Accords. This angered the Arab World and it led to the expulsion of Egypt from the Arab League until 1989. After Sadat's assassination, Hosni Mubarak continued the peace process and has maintained relations with Israel. Nevertheless, Egypt was one of the first countries to support the Palestinian Declaration of Independence and officially recognized Palestine on 15 November 1988.
Recent Relations.
On 19 June 2008, the Egypt-brokered "lull" or pause in hostilities between Israel and Hamas went into effect. The term "lull" is a translation of the Arabic term "Tahdia". The agreement required Hamas to end rocket attacks on Israel and to enforce the lull throughout Gaza. In exchange, Hamas expected the blockade to end, commerce in Gaza to resume, and truck shipments to be restored to 2005 levels, which was between 500 and 600 trucks per day. Israel tied easing of the blockade to a reduction in rocket fire and gradually re-opened supply lines and permitted around 90 daily truck shipments to enter Gaza, up from around 70 per day. Hamas criticized Israel for its continued blockade while Israel accused Hamas of continued weapons smuggling via tunnels to Egypt and pointed to continued rocket attacks.
During the 2008-2009 Gaza War, Egypt condemned the Israeli attacks, but Egypt’s foreign minister, Ahmed Aboul Gheit, said that Egypt has long warned Hamas that this would be Israel’s response should Qassam fire continue. As a result of many protests, Egypt opened up the Rafah Border Crossing to allow the wounded into Egyptian hospitals. The Egyptian Ministry of Health sent 30 buses to North Sinai to help transport injured Palestinians. The Egyptian Minister of Foreign Affairs said that Hamas does not allow the wounded Gazans to cross the borders to Egypt. Egypt also deployed 500 CSF anti-riot police along the border. At the 6060th UN Security Council meeting the Egyptian representative stated that the "crippling blockade imposed by Israel" is in "flagrant violation" of Israel's responsibilities under international law, international humanitarian law and its specific obligations as an "occupying power".
After 2010 Gaza flotilla raid, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak denounced Israel's use of "excessive and unjustified force" while the Foreign Ministry summoned the Israeli ambassador to express its condemnation. The Egyptian President also ordered the opening of the Egyptian border to Gaza on Tuesday to allow humanitarian and medical aid into the Gaza Strip. On February 13, 2011, Egyptian opposition leader Ayman Nour stated that "the Camp David Era was over" and he did not recognize Egypt's Peace Treaty with Israel.
As of 23 July 2012, Egypt now allows Palestinians to freely enter without visas. During the November 2012 Operation Pillar of Defense, Egypt harshly criticized Israel's military operation. The Egyptian ambassador was recalled to Cairo and Israel's ambassador received an official protest. Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi sated that "The Israelis must realise that this aggression is unacceptable and would only lead to instability in the region". Demanding that the Arab League call an urgent meeting of Arab foreign ministers to discuss "criminal Israeli aggression" on Gaza, and sought an immediate meeting of the UN Security Council.
The Foreign Ministry of Egypt berated the operation and called on Israel to halt its attacks. According to "The Guardian", the chairman of the Freedom and Justice party, Saad El-Katatni, said: "The Egyptian people revolted against injustice and will not accept an attack on Gaza. The brutal aggression on Gaza proves that Israel has not yet learned that Egypt has changed".
An Egyptian official reported that Egyptian hospitals are ready to receive wounded Palestinians and that the Rafah Crossing will remain open. Egyptian Prime Minister Hisham Qandil visited Gaza on Friday, 16 November.
On 17 November, the Arab Medical Union has sent a delegation of Egyptian doctors with aid across the Rafah border. On 19 November, a group of Egyptian civilians headed to Gaza to aid their Palestinian neighbors in their current tribulation.
On the 29th of November, 2012 Egypt followed through with its continuing criticism of Israel by voting to welcome Palestine as the newest member of the United Nations by voting in favor of United Nations General Assembly resolution 67/19. That resolution made Palestine a non-member observer state just like the Vatican.

</doc>
<doc id="31125623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125623" title="BEH">
BEH

BEH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31125628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125628" title="Whizzard!">
Whizzard!

Whizzard! is a 2002 fantasy novel written by Steve Barlow and Steve Skidmore, (known as The Two Steves) as the second part of the Tales of the Dark Forest series. It was followed by "Trollogy!" in 2003.
Plot Summary.
Tym, a wizard's apprentice from the Dun Indewood suburb of Leafy Bottom, dreams of being a great magician. It is only when he encounters the mysterious Dreamwalker that he learns the secret of travelling at super-speed and becomes a Whizzard! When his newfound skill causes havoc and puts the beautiful Lady Zamarind into a coma, Tym must travel far across the Dark Forest to save her, and discover his true destiny.

</doc>
<doc id="31125636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125636" title="Y Bandana (album)">
Y Bandana (album)

Y Bandana is the self-titled debut studio album of the Welsh language alternative rock band Y Bandana, released in the United Kingdom on 31 January 2011.
Dal dy Drwyn/Cân y Tân.
"Dal dy Drwyn" and "Cân y Tân" were released on 2 August 2010 as a double A-side single before being included on the album "Y Bandana". The songs have received generally favourable reviews from critics. The song "Dal dy Drwyn" has been noted for its humorous lyrics and catchy melody as it "bemoans the smell of another with Arctic Monkeys precision", and the nature of the song is evident in its title, which translates into English as ""hold your nose"". The band achieved an award for the best single in Welsh language magazine "Y Selar" in 2010, while the song "Cân y Tân" won the award for best song in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="31125646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125646" title="Michael Biddulph (died 1666)">
Michael Biddulph (died 1666)

Michael Biddulph (1610 - 1666) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Biddulph was the son of Michael Biddulph of Market Street Lichfield, and his wife Elizabeth Skeffington, daughter of Sir William Skeffington, 1st Baronet of Fisherwick and was baptised on 6 November 1610. He was a soldier and was about to enlist in a royalist regiment in WIltshire during the English Civil War when his family, who supported the parliamentary cause, recalled him.
In 1660, Biddulph was elected Member of Parliament for Lichfield in the Convention Parliament. 
Biddulph died unmarried at the age of 55 and was buried at Stowe on 3 November 1666.

</doc>
<doc id="31125657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125657" title="Albert F. Woller">
Albert F. Woller

Albert F. Woller (born December 12, 1886) was a machinist, auto mechanic and Socialist politician from Milwaukee who served three terms as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly (1923–24; 1927–1930) from the Twentieth Milwaukee County District (the 20th ward of the City of Milwaukee).
Background.
Woller was born in Germany December 12, 1886, and came to the United States with his parents in 1892. He received a public school education at Marengo, Illinois, became a machinist and eventually came to work in auto repair for the Milwaukee Western Fuel Company.
Public office.
He had been a member of the Socialist Party for fifteen years, but had never held public office before being elected to the Assembly in November, 1922, receiving 3,246 votes to 2,049 for Republican incumbent Charles Meising. He was assigned to the standing committees on transportation and third reading. 
Woller did not run for office in 1924, being succeeded by fellow Socialist William Coleman. In 1926, he had moved to the 3rd Milwaukee County district (25th ward of the City) and was elected to the Assembly without opposition (one of three Socialists to run unopposed in the 1926 election). He moved to the Committee on State Affairs. He was narrowly re-elected in 1928, with 2980 votes to 2869 for Arthur Bowers and 1684 for Timothy Considine.
Woller did not run for re-election in 1930; he was succeeded by fellow Socialist George Hampel.

</doc>
<doc id="31125660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125660" title="Beh">
Beh

Beh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31125666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125666" title="Socket (telecommunications)">
Socket (telecommunications)

Socket is a Missouri-based telecommunications provider, with its headquarters in Columbia, Missouri. Socket is a privately held company and offers local and long distance phone service, DSL and dial-up internet, and data solutions to residents and businesses across Missouri.
History.
Founded in 1994 by George Pfenenger and John Dupuy, Socket Internet quickly became the largest local internet provider in Missouri. In 2001 Inc. (magazine) ranked Socket Internet 136th on its list of America's Top 500 fastest-Growing Private Held Companies. Also in 2001 Technology Fast 50, ranked Socket 4th in The Fast 50, which recognizes the 50 fastest growing technology companies in a given geographic area. In 2004, Socket expanded into the telephone industry, offering business telephone and networking services. 
In 2008, the company began offering residential telephone service in select markets. Socket now provides phone services and DSL Internet to most of Missouri. 
In 2010, Socket was awarded $23.7 million from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 to deploy a fiber-to-the-home network in Callaway County. Construction for the project began in late 2011 with the first residential customers Fiber Internet service being installed in May 2012. The project is expected to have a major impact in Millersburg, MO and Callaway County where residents are limited to dial-up and satellite Internet options. 
The company offers flat rate pricing as well as no contract Internet services. 

</doc>
<doc id="31125669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125669" title="2011 NCAA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament">
2011 NCAA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament

The 2011 NCAA Men's Division II Basketball Tournament involves 64 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division II college basketball as a culmination of the 2010–11 basketball season. The winner was Bellarmine; the tournament's Most Outstanding Player was Jet Chang of runner-up BYU–Hawaii, the first player from a losing team to earn that honor in the Division II tournament since 1998.
The 2010 champion Cal Poly Pomona did not qualify for the tournament, while runner-up Indiana (Pa.) did. Along with Bentley, Midwestern State, and Augusta State, Indiana was one of four teams from the 2010 Elite Eight to qualify.
Qualification and tournament format.
The champions of the 22 basketball conferences qualify automatically. An additional 42 teams are selected as at-large participants by the selection committee. The first three rounds of the tournament are organized in regions comprising eight participants in groups of two or three conferences (two in the Central and Midwest regions). The eight regional winners then meet at the Elite Eight for the final three rounds held at the MassMutual Center in Springfield, Massachusetts.
Automatic qualifiers.
The following teams automatically qualified for the tournament as the winner of their conference tournament championships:

</doc>
<doc id="31125688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125688" title="Sarah Pauly">
Sarah Pauly

Sarah Pauly (born January 24, 1983) is an American, former collegiate All-American, right-handed softball pitcher originally from Phoenix, Arizona. She played for the Corpus Christi Islanders from 2002-2005 and owns virtually all the pitching records. She joined the National Pro Fastpitch in 2005 and currently has the most wins and innings pitched through her 9 seasons. She is one of five NCAA Division I pitchers to win 100 games, strikeout 1,000 batters, maintain a -1.00 ERA and average double digit strikeouts for a career.
Texas A&M-Corpus Christi Islanders.
2002:
Pauly led her team with 25 wins, 266 strikeouts, 1.63 ERA in 219.2 innings and a strikeout ratio of 8.4, all of which were school records. She earned First Team All-American Independent Colleges as the Corpus Christi Islanders finished up probationary status to enter the NCAA Division I.
2003:
Pauly threw three no-hitters (one perfect game on April 26 vs. the Centenary Ladies) to earn All-Big South honors. She set every pitching record as a full-time Division I program with 23 wins, 0.82 ERA, 431 strikeouts, 13 shutouts, 265.2 innings pitched and a strikeout ratio of 11.3 (all except the wins led the conference).
2004:
Again, Pauly earned all-season conference honors, adding "Pitcher of The Year". She bettered every season record she'd previously set: wins (27), strikeouts (442), ERA (0.71), innings pitched (276.1), shutouts (18), all leading the conference. She was top-5 for the season in strikeouts and strikeout ratio for the NCAA, as she had been the year previous.
On March 21, Pauly no-hit the Liberty Flames, also setting a school and career record by tallying 19 strikeouts in regulation. The total is tied third best for a single 7-inning game in the NCAA.
2005:
For her final season, Pauly tossed four no-hitters and a perfect game, as well as repeating all-season honors, including a National Fastpitch Coaches' Association Third Team All-American selection. She broke and set her final set of records with 37 wins, 497 strikeouts (both conference records), 0.56 ERA, 22 shutouts, 288.0 innings and a new strikeout ratio mark, all of which again led the Big South and ranked top-5 in the NCAA that season.
The Corpus Christi Islanders made their third NCAA Tournament but failed to advance past the Mississippi State Bulldogs in extra innings after managing to score their first run in three tournament appearances.
Pauly amassed an NCAA Division I record of 87-33, 1,370 strikeouts, 0.69 ERA, 53 shutouts and a strikeout ratio of 11.5 in 830.0 innings pitched. Naturally, she became and is the Big South strikeout, strikeout ratio and ERA queen and ranks top-5 in wins and innings pitched. Pauly's strikeout ratio set a new NCAA career record and now stands 7th all-time; her strikeout total was 6th all-time and now is tied 15th overall. Combined with her freshman marks when the Islanders were an Independent, Pauly's overall record reads 112-46 record, 1,636 strikeouts, 57 shutouts, 0.88 ERA in 1049.2 innings, all of which are tops for an Islander career.
National Pro Fastpitch.
Pauly was drafted and picked 16th in the senior draft. She made her official debut with the Connecticut Brakettes on June 1, 2006; Pauly had a no-hitter going before rain disrupted play and forced rescheduling. She was named "Pitcher of The Year" and led her team all the way to the Cowles Cup Championship played on August 28, 2006 in which Pauly lost 2-0, though none of her runs were earned.
In the seasons since, Pauly has made four (2006-2008, 2010) All-National Pro Fastpitch Teams with Brakettes, Washington Glory and the USSSA Pride. She also has made it to the championship game every season of her career (not including 2005), pitching in all the games except 2010 and 2013 and of those starting all except 2007. That year she won her first Cowles Cup, her second in 2010 and her third in 2013 with the USSSA Pride. Pauly has also led the league in wins in 2010 (career high) and twice in ERA, in 2006 (career best) and 2008 respectively.
Pauly ranks as the all-time leader in wins, innings pitched, complete games and games started.
Personal.
In 2007, Pauly began coaching with at Spartanburg Methodist College and mentored pitchers to a deep postseason run at the Division I NJCAA National Tournament. In 2009 she joined the Charleston Cougars staff.
Beginning with the 2012 season, Pauly will return to her alma mater to coach the Islander pitching. On January 27, Pauly was inducted in the Islanders Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="31125691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125691" title="Jean-Jacques Pillot">
Jean-Jacques Pillot

Jean-Jacques Pillot (9 August 1808 – 13 June 1877) was a French revolutionary and republican communist. He participated in the Revolution of 1848 and in the Paris Commune of 1871.
Early life.
Jean-Jacques Pillot was born in Vaux-Lavalette. He came from a pious family of humble means, entered the seminary at Marennes and became a priest. However, he deplored the role of the Catholic Church in propping up the Restoration régime and became increasingly doubtful about the existence of God. In the 1830s he underwent a crisis of conscience and prepared his exit from the Church by studying medicine. In 1837 he renounced his priesthood and became a doctor in Paris. He also proclaimed himself an atheist, a republican and a communist. Pillot increasingly devoted himself to political activism and journalism. From 1839 on contributed to and later edited the journal "La Tribune du Peuple". He was an admirer of François-Noël 'Gracchus' Babeuf, the utopian communist revolutionary who had revolted against the Directory in 1796. Pillot called for a revolutionary "coup d'état" and the establishment of a republican régime that would collectivise all property and guarantee every citizen an equal share of the necessities of life. He is usually mentioned as a representative of Neo-Babouvism, along with writers like Philippe Buonarroti.
Atheism.
After leaving the priesthood, Pillot became a militant atheist. He saw belief in God as superstition, in the manner of the atheists of the Enlightenment, but he also accounted for this belief in a manner that resembles Ludwig Feuerbach's theory of religious alienation: because human beings are powerless, they project omnipotence onto an imaginary God; because they are poor and suffering, they project infinite luxury and happiness onto an imaginary heaven. Because people love an imaginary hereafter, they despise nature. (Pillot seems to have drawn an interesting link between religion, socio-political inequality and ecological depredation). To dispel religious superstition by means of science was an urgent necessity, because human beings must free their minds before they can free themselves socially. (By contrast, Marx saw religion as a "consequence", not a "cause", of social alienation and expected that the former would disappear with the latter. For Pillot, the abolition of religion was a condition of socialism; For Marx, socialism was a condition for the abolition of religion.
Communist Activism and Revolution.
Pillot was more of an activist than a theorist, however. In 1840 he was instrumental in organising the first explicitly communist reform banquet in Belleville. The banquet campaign was a common opposition tactic in France in the 1840s. Since expressly political meetings were illegal, meetings took the form of banquets, and political speeches were disguised as lengthy toasts. In 1841 he was sentenced to six months in prison for belonging to a communist secret society. After his release he resumed his conspiratorial activities and published a few pamphlets, including "Histoire des Égaux ou Moyens d'établir l'Égalité absolue parmi les Hommes" (1840), 
a popular history of Babeuf's 'Society of the Equals' with lessons for the present; "Ni Châteaux, ni Chaumières, ou État de la Question sociale en 1840" ("Neither Castles nor Cabins," 1840); and an account of his defence at his trial, "La Communauté n'est plus une Utopie! Conséquence du Procès des Communistes" (1841).
Pillot supported the February Revolution of 1848. He was unsuccessful in his efforts to get himself elected to the National Assembly, but sympathised with the collectivist theories of Constantin Pecqueur at the Luxembourg Commission of Labour. However, Pillot, who was associated with the extreme left wing of the Jacobin movement, soon grew disenchanted with the Second Republic. He was implicated in the workers' uprising of June, 1848, which was brutally put down. When Louis Bonaparte became President, Pillot fiercely opposed him, and after the Bonapartist "coup d'état", Pillot was condemned to deportation to a penal colony and hard labour for life. He managed to escape to Brasil and eventually returned to France, where he worked as a producer of dentures, apparently unmolested.
Syndicalism and the Paris Commune.
In the 1860s Pillot supported the early French trade union movement and is therefore sometimes credited with being a pioneer of French syndicalism, although his role seems to have been minor. He joined the First International, whose French section was then dominated by followers of Proudhon. In 1870, with the siege of Paris during the Franco-Prussian War, Pillot resumed his revolutionary activities. He was a noted orator at the Club of the School of Medicine and was elected to the Council of the Commune as delegate from the first "arondissement". In the Paris Commune, Pillot allied himself with the Blanquist and Jacobin factions and voted for the creation of a Committee of Public Safety. He was later accused of being involved in burning the Tuileries palace. On October 31, 1870, he participated in an armed uprising against the Versailles government. He was captured and imprisoned after the uprising. In May 1872 he was finally tried and sentenced to hard labour for life, but the sentence was commuted to life in prison. Pillot died in the central prison at Melun on June 13, 1877.
Significance.
Jean-Jacques Pillot is often grouped with Théodore Dézamy (1805–1850), Richard Lahautière (1813–1882), Albert Laponneraye (1808–1849) and Jules Gay (1807–1887) as a representative of materialist communism in France and was cited as a forerunner by Karl Marx. Pillot was not only a metaphysical materialist but is also credited with a rudimentary class analysis of political conflict. Pillot thus represents one of the links from Babouvism and utopian Jacobin communism to Marxism.

</doc>
<doc id="31125706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125706" title="Edward Kelley (disambiguation)">
Edward Kelley (disambiguation)

Edward Kelley was an occultist.
Edward Kelley is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31125721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125721" title="Nataliya Obmochaeva">
Nataliya Obmochaeva

Nataliya Olegovna Obmochaeva née Goncharova (; born 1 June 1989) is a Russian volleyball player. She was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 2010 World Championship.
In 2012, she married Russian volleyball player Aleksey Obmochaev.

</doc>
<doc id="31125722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125722" title="Nili onili">
Nili onili

Nili Ohayon, stage name Onili, is an Israeli singer-songwriter, performer, video artist, and the head of the label and brand Onili.
Born in Israel, raised in Paris, she grew up among a small Israeli community & had a rich parisian life with lots of friends & projects. Studied Cinema at La Sorbonne while actively working with her band and collaborating with local artists in various genres as a singer and a writer, including the Hit "Starlight" by The Supermen Lovers, which made it to the Top of the charts world wide and brought a financial comfort & new possibilities.
In 2004, she decided to leaves Paris and settles in Haifa, builds her studio in a country side house and spends 4 years creating Onili, her new solo project. She works on all of the aspects of her product; the music; the production; the marketing and branding, collaborating with Israel's sickest kats, such as Barak Kram, her Drummer and business partner since the very beginning, Jonathan Levy (bassist & Producer), Pilpeled, Dreck & Broken fingaz ( Designers), and various managers, Pr and promotors.
In 2008, she moved to Tel Aviv, studied Video post production and started practicing this new art, her videos and songs reach TV and Radio, and she and Barak are touring the country constantly, serving a tight Electronic Rock show to dancing crowds. while in Haifa she also took part in a side project called " The Secret Project" with Shaul Eshet, a multi-musician, composer and producer. Together they created "Shhh", the secret project's first album and toured the country accompanied by between 4 to 14 musicians, the album was released in Israel in July 2010, 4 month after Onili's first album " Be somebunny" (April 2010).
Onili's Activity in Israel between 2004 to 2010 was intense including the release of 5 singles 2 albums, 5 video clips, licensing songs to TV ads and prime time TV shows ("Life" NBC). In Europe she collaborated with a French clothing brand (cotelac) selling 20,000 copies of " First Kiss" EP, and producing the first Onili fashion designs. Today she works to penetrate the American market, release her first album together with the brand while the second album is in a pre-production phase, as well as a new tour.
In her quest of freedom and independence Onili sticks to "Rock & Roll" as a mode of life, staying bounded to her truth & authenticity she always touches the verges, learning from experience and trusting her intuition, eyes and ears, always thirsty to change and evolve for the better.
Lately, during computer private sessions with a brilliant start-up company, with whom onili collaborates as a beta tester, she discovered a new form of freedom in the computer technology, and started developing a new & exiting project that involves high technology and music.
All these together combined with the life in Israel, war, political instability, insecurity but also the incredibly rich and conscious human resource, talents, great minds, family support & true friendships, led to a new dream and quest: a network for worldwide peace. She is Collaborating with Ranya Al Assad (niece of Hafes, Syrian ex president) on the development of this promising project.
Discography.
"First Kiss" (2008)
destined to be released spring-summer 2008
"Story about the Clown" (2001).
Pop-rock, released by "Night & Day" (France)
Vinyl/singles/ep:
(2008) GAMES EP first single out of "first Kiss"+3 remixes.
(2007) "Sentimental"
Non-official release by Seattle's KEXP radio station and digitally available for downloading through the stations' website.
(2000) "Up there" w/ Silicon Boogie
Collaborations/Compilations
(2006) "Braad Sessions" – a compilation especially compiled for well-known hair salon. Includes 2 tracks by Onili, "Used to be the one" and "Salat
(2006) Collaboration with HameSiah on two tracks: "Ohev Otah" and "Hamahir"
(2006) collaboration with rapper Sagol 59 on 1 track, "Seret"
(2006) "Who" Remix for Izabo & The Fools of Prophecy
(2005) w/ Polar Pair on "Butt your body"
(2005) w/ U (French pop star) on "Si Je Savais"
(2003) No title for the future S.A The Clown, feat IMO
(2001) Lead Vocals on Mega-Hit "Starlight" with The Supermen Lovers. (house-dance) reached #1 chart position in Europe
(2000) "Up there" w/ Silicon Boogie

</doc>
<doc id="31125725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125725" title="Bleeding Art Industries">
Bleeding Art Industries

Bleeding Art Industries is an entertainment production company focused on creative content production, special effects, custom fabrication, product sales, and equipment rentals. It is based out of Calgary, Canada. The company is known for its work in the film, television, performing arts, themed exhibit, military simulation, and live event industries. Bleeding Art Industries was founded by Leo Wieser in 2002.
History.
Founded in late 1994 as a sole proprietorship and incorporated in 2002, Bleeding Art Industries (BAI) originally focused on theatrical design work, with Founder Leo Wieser working as a contractor, designing costumes, sets, and lighting for theatre and performing arts companies across Canada, and touring worldwide with puppeteer Ronnie Burkett. After working for a local pyrotechnics company, where he designed and implemented pyro displays, Wieser began doing mechanical special effects for films. BAI has since specialized primarily in special effects including pyrotechnics and other atmospheric effects, and has expanded over the years into providing creature and character effects, themed exhibits, custom props, and sculptures. The company also has a sales and rentals division, selling film production supplies, special effects make-up, and selling and renting special effects equipment. It manufactures and sells its own line of bloods, gelatin and gelatin appliances, snow, and other special effects make-up products. BAI has established itself as a high quality provider of special effects services and expendables for the Canadian market.
Drawing on its wide-ranging experience and expertise, the company began a production division around 2010 under which it creates and produces its own content. Its first film - Skeleton Girl - is the first Canadian film shot in stereoscopic 3D and stop motion animation. It premiered in New York in April 2012 where it won Best First 3D Film and is celebrating a year and a half on the film festival circuit at the time of writing this. It also worked with Insurrection Films on the film The Hunt, designing and building two creatures for the short horror film, also currently on the festival circuit where it is garnering acclaim.

</doc>
<doc id="31125739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125739" title="Sabrent">
Sabrent

Sabrent (pronounced /seɪ-brnt, [SAY-brent]) is an American company that manufactures and markets technology products, including computer accessories and consumer electronics.
Company.
Sabrent manufactures and markets technology products, including computer peripherals and consumer electronics. Its principal products include hard drive enclosures, card readers, display adapters, USB hubs, video converters, and cable converters. The head office is located in Los Angeles, California, and the company operates worldwide providing inventory to a wide variety of retail computer stores, both online and in brick-and-mortar stores, such as CompUSA, TigerDirect.com, Walmart, Amazon.com, Newegg.com, Fry's Electronics, and Micro Center. Sabrent owns and operates three branch offices in Los Angeles, CA, Miami, FL, and Shenzhen, China. The "Sabrent" brand is present in more than 100 countries worldwide.
Brand Names.
As of 2011, Sabrent only produces products under the Sabrent brand. Previously, products were produced under both the Sabrent and Arkview brand names.
History.
Sabrent was founded in 1998 in Pittsburgh, PA. In 2001 the company moved its corporate offices to Los Angeles, CA. Sabrent currently carries over 200 products in their catalog that are sold worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="31125755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125755" title="Godefroid de Claire">
Godefroid de Claire

Godefroid de Claire or Godefroid de Huy (born ca. 1100; died ca. 1173) was a Belgian goldsmith and enamelist. His main working period is 1130–1150, in the area of Stavelot and the Meuse valley.
He might have learned the art from Rainer of Huy.
His style was Mosan art, specialising in reliquary and iconographic art. His shrine of Pope Alexander I is preserved in the Royal Museums of Art and History.
It was suggested that he was the teacher of Nicholas of Verdun.

</doc>
<doc id="31125759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125759" title="Bossard Arena">
Bossard Arena

Bossard Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Zug, Switzerland. The capacity of the arena is 7,015 spectators and opened in 2010. It hosts indoor sporting events such as ice hockey. It hosts the EV Zug of the National League A. It replaced Eishalle Herti as the home of EV Zug.

</doc>
<doc id="31125773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125773" title="Hardee High School">
Hardee High School

Hardee High School is a public high school in Wauchula, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31125790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125790" title="PalaMaggiò">
PalaMaggiò

PalaMaggiò is an indoor sporting arena located in Caserta, Italy. The capacity of the arena is 6,387 spectators and opened in 1982. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball, notably the home matched of Juvecaserta Basket of the Lega Basket Serie A.

</doc>
<doc id="31125812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125812" title="Pakistani lobby in the United States">
Pakistani lobby in the United States

The Pakistan lobby in the United States refers to the professional lobbyists paid directly by the government of Pakistan to lobby the public and government of the United States on behalf of Pakistani interests and/or on behalf of Pakistani American rights and interests. 
Stephen Payne is believed to be the preeminent paid lobbyist for the government of Pakistan in the U.S. According to former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf, Payne played a pivotal role in U.S.-Pakistan relations, serving as Pakistan's lobbyist through a group called Team Eagle (also known as Team Barakat). Payne worked as a lobbyist for Pakistan to deliver a multibillion dollar U.S. aid package and to remove U.S. economic and military sanctions against Pakistan that had been in place for several years. He also helped Pakistan secure Major non-NATO ally status, which Pakistan received in 2004 as well as helping to secure F-16s, C-130s and military helicopters for Pakistan. 
Pakistan has paid lobbyists to obtain “Reconstruction Opportunity Zones,” industrial development zones with the privilege of exporting goods manufactured in Pakistan duty-free to the United States and to maintain high levels of U.S. foreign aid.
Pakistan has sought to furthen its foreign policy interests in the United States through lobbying. In one particular incident on March 1997, the member of the House of Representatives from Indiana Dan Burton was accused of demanding a $5,000 contribution from a Pakistani lobbyist. The lobbyist said that when he was unable to raise the funds, Burton complained to the Pakistani ambassador and threatened to make sure "none of his friends or colleagues" would meet with the lobbyist or his associates.
The lobbying firm Janus-Merritt Strategies led by Iranian-American lawyer David Safavian was also registered by the Pakistani government for lobbying. Safavian was subsequently convicted of a Federal felony in the Jack Abramoff Indian lobbying scandal and served a one-year sentence in Federal prison. 
In 2011, the FBI arrested Syed Ghulam Nabi Fai, a U.S. citizen of Kashmiri origin, on charges of secretly lobbying for the Government of Pakistan seeking to influence decisions made in the US regarding the Kashmir conflict, and receiving illegal funding totaling over $4,000,000 from the Inter Services Intelligence agency of the Pakistani Military. Fai's passport has been surrendered to the Court and he is currently under house arrest, with strict security conditions including electronic monitoring via an ankle bracelet. Media reports have revealed that Fai has reportedly confessed, under interrogation, to the charges. He faces a sentence of up to 5 years for this Federal felony.

</doc>
<doc id="31125821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125821" title="Split estate">
Split estate

In the United States, a Split Estate is an estate where the property rights to the surface and the underground are split between two parties. It is the result of Homestead Acts such as the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act or the Stock-Raising Homestead Act. 
In the 49 United States practicing British Common law (the 50th, Louisiana, derived its law from French and Napoleonic Code), a Split Estate is created when the Original Fee Simple owner divests, through agreement or legal instrument, the Subsurface, often called the Mineral Estate. Executor rights transfer in whole, unless otherwise reserved, and administration of the estate carries the same rights, liabilities, and privileges the Surface Estate does.
In the State of Louisiana; severability of estate is legal and common, however a particular law practice similar to Easements in English law allows the reversion of the mineral estate to the current surface owner if the mineral estate is not actively engaged in productive activity. This is similar to Squatter's rights in other states; however other States do not allow this for the Mineral Property.
Who owns the right to exploit the underground is important in case it contains minerals, oil, or natural gas. It is currently the object of controversies because some landowners are concerned about the nuisance and environmental impact 

</doc>
<doc id="31125848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125848" title="Harry Bluestone">
Harry Bluestone

Harry Bluestone (September 30, 1907 – December 22, 1992)' was a British violinist who composed music for TV and Movie. He was prolific and worked mainly on composing with Emil Cadkin. Earlier on, he was a violinist and freelanced on radio in the 1930s with Artie Shaw, Benny Goodman, and the Dorsey brothers. Some of his compositions were also featured on APM Music. He retired in 1987 and died of Tuberculosis in Studio City, California on December 23, 1992.
Early life.
Harry was born Harold B. Blostein in England on September 30, 1907 and apparently went to New York as a boy. He took up the violin at a young age, and the liner notes on his Artistry in Jazz album reveal “he performed the Bruch G-Minor Violin Concerto to critical acclaim when only 7 years old.” As a teenager, he travelled to Paris with a small jazz group to back up expatriate singer Josephine Baker.
Harry graduated from the Institute of Musical Art (later renamed Juilliard), and freelanced on numerous radio programmes in the 1930s with the Dorsey Brothers, Benny Goodman and Artie Shaw. He played with Bix Beiderbeck, Bunny Berigan and Red Nichols (who had in his employ a future cartoon sound genius named Treg Brown).
Life and career.
Harry moved to Hollywood in 1935 with the Lennie Hayton orchestra, which had been known as the Ipana Troubadors on Fred Allen’s Show in New York, when it became the first orchestra on Your Hit Parade (eventually replaced in 1939 by the legendary Raymond Scott). Bluestone had his own 15-minute radio show, recorded for Brunswick and was hired by Paramount Studios as its concertmaster.
He enlisted in the Air Force in 1942, rose to the rank of Master Sergeant and organised both the Army Air Force Orchestra and the Army Air Force Training Command Orchestra that replaced Glenn Miller, who went overseas to his eventual death.
After the war, Bluestone set up his own orchestra which backed Jo Stafford and Dinah Shore. He also got a first taste of the music library business as production manager for Standard Transcriptions. Among his discoveries while recording in France (to get around Jimmy Petrillo’s union) was singer Robert Clary, who later costarred on "Hogan's Heroes." Bluestone spent the rest of his life setting up various music publishing houses, writing and getting out his baton or violin, as a heavily in-demand "first chair," to work on hundreds of albums by a wide variety of artists, including the Beach Boys, Peggy Lee, Dolly Parton, Lionel Richie, Stevie Wonder and the Beatles (on their album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band"). He also wrote books in the 1980s on playing violin, guitar and trumpet.
Bluestone lived with his wife "Le Bluestone". He died of complications of Parkinson's in 1992.
Filmography.
Television.
2008:
1999:
1956:
TV Movies.
2004:
2003:
1991:
Movies.
2010:
2009:
2007:
2004:
2003:
2002:
1968:
1965:
1959:
1958:
1957:
Shorts.
2007:
1958:
Video Games.
2010:

</doc>
<doc id="31125855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125855" title="Black Water (Conon)">
Black Water (Conon)

The Black Water (Scottish Gaelic: An t-Alltan Dubh) is a river in the Highlands of Scotland. It begins at the confluence of the Glascarnoch River with the Abhainn Srath a' Bhàthaich, near where it is crossed by the Black Bridge, carrying the A835 road. It flows in a south-easterly direction past the village of Garve, then passing through Loch Garve and Loch na Cròic, and around Eilean nan Daraich. It flows over Rogie Falls, then past Contin, around Contin Island, before flowing into the River Conon near Moy Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="31125864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125864" title="Palestine–South Africa relations">
Palestine–South Africa relations

South Africa-Palestine relations refer to the interstate relations between the Republic of South Africa and the State of Palestine.
Bilateral relations.
The African National Congress had close relations with Palestine Liberation Organization. Nelson Mandela had close relations with Yasser Arafat. After the first multiracial elections in 1994, South Africa established diplomatic relations with the State of Palestine on February 15, 1995.1995-02-15 Former South African President Nelson Mandela had visited both Israel and Palestine and called for peace between both sides. Nevertheless, Some prominent South African figures, such as Desmond Tutu and Ronnie Kasrils have criticized Israel's treatment of the Palestinians, drawing parallels between apartheid South Africa and modern-day Israel. The Congress of South African Trade Unions, which represents 1.2 million South African workers, has also accused Israel of practicing apartheid and supported the boycott of the Canadian Union of Public Employees, as well as the boycott of all Israeli products.
Gaza War and After.
During the 2008 to 2009 Gaza War, South Africa's Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Fatima Hajaig has called on Israel to stop military attacks in Gaza and withdraw its forces from the border immediately, and said, "The South African government finds the continued siege on Gaza unacceptable as it does not allow humanitarian relief supply such as medicine, food and water to reach the desperate people of Gaza." "The South African government unequivocally and in the strongest possible terms condemns the escalation of violence on the part of Israel brought about by the launching Saturday night of a ground invasion into Gaza," read a statement issued by the foreign affairs department after the start of Israel's ground offensive. South Africa said that, "the violent situation in Gaza and southern Israel made it imperative for the General Assembly to collectively and publicly voice its condemnation of the attacks and demand that both sides immediately cease their military attacks." The country made a similar call in the UN Security Council.
After the May 31, 2010, Gaza flotilla raid, the South African Foreign Ministry issued a statement "strongly condemning all military aggression by Israel against innocent civilians, including those in the occupied West Bank and Gaza." On June 3, South Africa recalled its ambassador from Israel, and the Israeli ambassador was summoned to the Foreign Ministry for a reprimand.

</doc>
<doc id="31125881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125881" title="Neo-Babouvism">
Neo-Babouvism

Neo-Babouvism is a term commonly used to designate a revolutionary communist current in French political theory and action in the nineteenth century. 
It hearkened back to the 'Society of the Equals' of Gracchus Babeuf and his associates, who tried to overthrow the Directory at the end of the French Revolution. Babeuf's programme of radical Jacobin republicanism and economic collectivism was propagated after his execution by Philippe Buonarroti, who had been associated with the 'Society of the Equals' but had survived. Buonarroti's writings influenced many French revolutionaries in the 1830s and '40s, among them Théodore Dézamy, Albert Laponneraye, Richard Lahautière and Jacques Pillot. The Neo-Babouvists represented the extreme left wing of the Neo-Jacobin republican movement. Many of them participated in the revolutionary events of the nineteenth century, such as the Revolution of 1848 and the Paris Commune. They provided a link between the utopian communism of the French Revolution and Marxism. Louis-Auguste Blanqui is sometimes also grouped with the followers of Babeuf, and Babouvists and Blanquists were often allies (for example in the Paris Commune). However, Blanqui regarded himself as a political descendant of Jacques Hébert and his followers, not of Babeuf, and he had no organisational ties to the societies of the Babouvists. He also lacked the clear commitment to economic communism of the Babouvists. The writings of Buonarroti and through them the doctrines of Babeuf also had a considerable influence on some socialists within the British Chartist movement, notably on James Bronterre O'Brien. 
Neo-Babouvism largely disappeared in the second half of the nineteenth century, although an echo of it may be found in the small non-Marxist "Alliance Révolutionnaire Communiste" that existed briefly in the 1890s.

</doc>
<doc id="31125890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125890" title="Albert Woller (Republican)">
Albert Woller (Republican)

.Albert Woller (born November 17, 1861) was an insurance agent, real estate agent and Republican politician from Milwaukee who served two terms in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1895-1898.

</doc>
<doc id="31125893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125893" title="Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School">
Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School

The Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School (Hungarian: "Deák Ferenc Gimnázium") is a public, co-educational secondary school in Szeged, Hungary established in 1988. It is the youngest secondary educational institution in the city of Szeged. It is named after Ferenc Deák, a famous 19th-century Hungarian politician who is also known as the "Sage of the Nation". From the beginning, language education served as the main focus of the school in addition to its mission to provide a multifunctional place amidst its surroundings of panel housing estates, hence it leases out the Theater Hall—which can be opened together with the Atrium—for various cultural programs. The school has been participating in the debate forum called European Classes since 1997, it is the member of the initiative PUSCH (Schools: Partners of the Future), and that of the DSD program since 2008. The rate of acceptance to higher education is 89-90%.
Students within the Hungarian-English bilingual program have a higher number of classes in English. Furthermore, for them, the language of education concerning mathematics, biology, geography and history (both Hungarian and world history) is English. Throughout their four years of learning, these courses are complemented by a special English conversation class with native speakers, and by the same token a so-called civilization class is offered from 11th grade. The school has a wide range of international connections, thus bilingual students (along with those of the special English program) and students of the special German program have the opportunity to participate in exchange programs with Brooks School in North Andover, United States, and with Eleonorenschule in Darmstadt, Germany, respectively.
History.
By the end of the 1980s, the leadership of Szeged had realized the altering tendencies that higher and higher percentages of students ought to be provided secondary education. In the spirit of the aforementioned situation, the Executive Committee of the Municipal Council of Szeged stipulated in 1985 that a new high school be built in the area marked by Anyagod Street and József Attila Boulevard (22,740 yd2), of which István Novák, architect of Csomiterv Ltd. was appointed. He designed a multifunctional school with 24 class-rooms, with abilities to be used for various occasions, and with enrollment capacity of 800-1000 students. On August 1, 1988, the general contractor announced the end of construction, and the faculty started to move in. 
Three choices were given to the Board of Teachers to decide whom the school should be named after :
Count Kunó Klebensberg was soon declared out of the contest given the difficult pronunciation of his name and it eventually ended in a draw between the two other alternatives. Dr. László Kovács, the first principal (1987–1992), avowed—with the intention to resolve the situation—that his vote counts as two, hence the name Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School came into being. It was a decision that the Municipal Council did not want to accept, therefore the principal applied to Tibor Czibere, the then Minister of Education of the People’s Republic of Hungary for help. Not until this event did the name become official.
Given the institution’s focus on foreign languages, it was Mark Palmer, former United States Ambassador to Hungary (1986–1990) who was asked to inaugurate the school. In the year of the opening, Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School and the Embassy of the United States Budapest cooperated on a weekly basis so that even Frank Press, President of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences paid a visit in the school; what is more it was in the same year when the exchange program between Deák and Brooks School in Massachusetts was launched. The school continued to keep its connections to foreign affairs later on as well, hence upon the visit of the German Ambassador to Hungary, every student was provided free visas to the late West-Germany.
The first principal, Dr. László Kovács considered equipping the school and filling it with teachers and students to be his prime duty. During his principalship, he procured 64 televisions, two class-rooms of computers, 42 sets of skiing equipment and installed a studio so as to enrich the school. He employed several former teachers from Ságvári High School while the students were from Radnóti Miklós High School, Tömörkény István High School and Ságvári High School. Even though these students started in their old schools, they pursued their education in the new institution. Accordingly, the first two Hungarian-English bilingual classes spent their freshman year in Radnóti; however, under the aegis of Deák’s new Board of Teachers. In those days, there were only three foreign languages besides English which could be learned—Italian, Spanish and German—prior to the introduction of French in 1989. In 1991 the school launched its "6-year high school" program onto which Deák focused more and more attention; moreover, in the very same decade the palette of education was complemented with a new program in which students had a higher number of literature and history lessons and with special language programs.
Principal Dr. József Kovács preeminently aimed at maintaining the "6-year high school" program. During his principalship the institute was a nationally noted high school reaching number 13 on the list of best high schools in Hungary and later on as well it was in the best 40. With the financial support of Soros Foundation, Deák was able to furnish its first computer laboratory and in 1995 it established another classroom with an up-to-date network of computers. As a result of Vice-Principal Dr. József Müller’s activities, a connection between Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School and Darmstadt came into existence, due to which the leadership of the German city presented him the annual "Freundschaft in Frieden und Freiheit" (Friendship in Peace and Freedom) plaque.
Dr. Mihály Révész had been elected principal in 1996, following which he acted for external management, the enhancement of inner artistic freedom and for strengthening the pedagogical program until the end of his tenure in 2001. It was during his principalship that the English Language summer camp was started by the American teacher Arden Campbell. The American pedagogue arrived at Deák in 1991 through "Educational Services International"; and gave her services for the school throughout the years, former Vice-Principal Dr. József Müller even called her one of the “founders of the school”. In the same year, the list of overseas partner schools was complemented with Covenant School, Virginia.
In the academic term of 1998/1999, the new Computing and Informatics Program became available along with the Special German one, which were followed by the Special Spanish Program in 2001 and the Special English program in 2004. Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2008, commemorating which a week long set of events was organized in Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School.
Building.
István Novák—in order to create a multifunctional institution—designed a spacious school with well-illuminated areas, thus developing an environment where students could spend their extracurricular time. The gymnasium (which can have up to three sections with the help of divider curtains), the library (standing at 20000 volumes), the spacious buffet, the modern studio and the Atrium were all born corresponding to this conception; opened together with the Theater Hall, the former one is able to host the whole school. Dr. László Kovács, the future first principal, modified the original plans: he had the wall separating the Atrium and the Theater Hall changed to a movable one; he made the gymnasium suitable for installing tennis or volleyball nets; what is more, he arrangement of lockers was also developed by him. Besides these facilities, the original plans featured a short course swimming pool as well where the school wished to have swimming lessons and competitions alike, but it was never built. The interior of the building is the work of Designer Mihály Szekeres, the winner of 1985 Mihály Munkácsy Award, while Miklós Borsos’ work can be examined above the main entrance. The school itself is a reinforced concrete structure using 4-5 different panel elements for the exterior, since the then Leadership of Szeged had the elements ordered from a concrete panel factory.
Courses of study.
Hungarian-English Bilingual program.
In the Hungarian-English Bilingual program—present since the opening of the school—has started among the very first such programs in Hungary. Students in this program learn English on an advanced level throughout their four years of high school, and have special English Conversation classes with either American or British native speakers so as to practice the language orally and to improve conversation skills. Five subjects are thought in English:
Admissions to the bilingual program generally happens on a regional scale and requires the central entrance examination to be complemented with an oral examination in English. Eleni Tsakopoulos Kounalakis, U.S. Ambassador to Hungary visited Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School in November 12, 2010, and expressed encomiums on the remarkable fluency the program provides for students.
Pupils in the Hungarian-English Bilingual program and those of the Special English program have the opportunity to apply for exchange with Brooks School which started in 1989 and in the frames of which approximately four students are given scholarship to this private school of North Andover, Massachusetts. Following this near three month exchange, the participants have to host the American students coming to Hungary.
The same groups of students can apply for European Classes, an English language debate forum in which the institution has been participating since 1994. Participants—imitating the European Parliament —discuss topics concerning the continent’s economical and political hardships while connecting to other institutions’ regularly attending students from Romania, Denmark and Germany thus becoming acquainted with their cultures.
Special German program.
The Special German program is in accordance with the German DSD program ("Deutsches Sprachdiplom") meaning after the end of their secondary education, students receive their language certificates from the German Federal Republic herself, which enables them not to have to be required to take a special German entrance exam when applying to a German university. The objective of the aforementioned program is to ensure a solid background in the knowledge of the German language and culture for students of non-German school, which later on could help them to acquire job and to pursue their education in Germanophone countries. Pupils learn German on an advanced level; and furthermore, they are aided by a native teacher to practice orally and to develop high fluency.
Soccer Academy program.
The special class of Soccer Academy is consistent with the general curriculum of sport schools and was born to provide a sufficient basis for its players who wish not to solely concentrate on their sport achievements but on their advanced education as well. The conception of the program arose in the spring of 2007—nevertheless, such initiatives were considered in the past as well— thus in September 2008 the school enrolled its first class in this program. The team received the titles “Best Association Football Team of The City of Szeged” and “Best Association Football Team of Csongrád County”; moreover, they came second in the semi final of the National Student Olympics within the same year. Admission to this program generally happens on a regional scale during which applicant have to take the central entrance examination along with a sport aptitude test. In order to guarantee the level of professional training, Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School called for tighter cooperation with Tisza Volán SC Youth Division and KÉSZ Soccer Academy Endowment.
Motion Picture Culture and Media program.
It is the declared aim of Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School to provide a qualification for students enrolled in this program with the help of which they can examine the stream of information of the contemporary era through a critical perspective. Apart from the national entrance examination, applicants to this program are required to go through an oral examination for which they have to prepare from five classical films—chosen from the list stipulated by the school—and from two arbitrary ones. They are expected to examine these from both a narrative point-of-view and from film technological point-of-view as well; moreover, the application procedure includes a discussion concerning media history and contemporary media events. Concerning the National Secondary School Academic Competition, students of the Motion Picture Culture and Media program have always reached the Top 9 with their project works between the academic years of 2004/2005 and 2009/2010.
Achievements.
Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School features among the Best 60 or Best 70 in the nation with the rate of acceptance to higher education of 89-90 %. 90-95 % of students of the Hungarian-English Bilingual program take their complex advanced language examinations by the end of their senior year; what is more, 67% of all students do so as well. Concerning other foreign languages, 70-80 % of the whole enrollment takes language exams from one or two languages by the end of 12th grade.
Partnerships.
List of schools with which Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School has had continuing exchanges or where the institution pays regular visits so as to enhance its international connection:
Student life.
Traditions.
Deák Olympics.
Deák Olympics is an annual academic competition among all the different grades from all subjects taught in the school; however, an artistic competition and an essay writing are also part of the events as well. Sport competitions are likewise organized—in the frame of this event—in concordance with the students’ wishes. Following semi-finals and finals, the result announcement ceremony is due to a day without teaching in the spring. On the day of Deák Olympics itself, presentations, film screenings, tea house, minor competitions (such as the student-teacher chess or poker tournaments) or exhibitions are held in the school before the result announcement ceremony. The event is organised in order to improve the school community and the cohesion within it.
Szalagtűző and szalagavató.
The szalagtűző (literally "ribbon pinning ceremony") and szalagavató (literally "ribbon inauguration ceremony") are traditions in an abundant number of Hungarian high schools during which senior students are given a ribbon symbolizing the end of their secondary education. In Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School the two traditions are not commemorated on the same day but form two distinctive ceremonies. During the szalagtűző, students of the penultimate class pin a ribbon onto each 12th-grader which is then followed by the speech of the principal, speech of the representatives of the students left behind and that of seniors uttered by a member of them accompanied by musical performances.
Following the szalagtűző, the szalagavató ball is organized in the Atrium of the school for which seniors perform English and Viennese waltzes in addition to their respective class dances of choice and the teacher-student dance (dance couples are formed by student requesting a member of the faculty to dance) which is an English waltz too as a rule. As result of a new, peculiar initiative, dances are not accompanied recorded music, but by live music provided by the Deák Big Band. As soon as all the dances end, students form into lines and the principal proposes a toast from atop the stairs of the Atrium following which the students clink glasses with each other and with their teachers. The dinner afterwards is organized in the building of the school as well; student and their family sit around tables placed in different class-rooms while the Theater Hall functions as a disco. The ball is concluded by leaving the institution for a remote after-party.
Deák Inner-County Translation Competition.
Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School has been staging its inner-county translation competition since 1997 which is due to the idea of the then leader of the English Department, Ms. Ildikó Sóti. It consists of Germanic-language translating competitions, from Hungarian to English and German, besides those of Romance-languages like French and Italian language\Italian. During the contest, texts of various styles and topics (such as literary or publicistic works) are to be interpreted.
Freshman Week and Freshman Ball.
The Freshman Ball (called "Stork Ball" in Hungarian) occurs in November each year following the Fall Term Break. During this ceremony, new graders are officially inaugurated as students of Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School. Proceeding this event, is the Freshman Week (called "Stork Week" in Hungarian) challenging the freshmen with creative and humorous tasks each day.
Enhancing the evolution of cohesion among new students, each first grader class have to perform a class dance of arbitrary style and choreography. The ball commences with the greeting of new students and with the introduction of the jury which decides over the best class dance. Following the dances comes the "stork oath"; meanwhile, the jury totalizes the points. The class which wins is granted a trophy and the right to organize the event in the subsequent year. The ball is ended with a disco held in the Theater Hall and with the concert of different school bands in the dining hall.
Goodbye Ceremony.
The Goodbye Ceremony is not held on the same day as the graduation but it does represent a momentous event in the life of the school which consists of the solo and joint performances of teachers and form masters’ of senior classes including both musical and spoken word performances.
Christmas Soiree.
Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School has been organizing its annual Christmas Soiree since 1992. During the event—held in the Theater Hall—representatives of the Student Body along with those of the faculty present their respective and joint performances as well. This event, which has been organized since the opening of the institution, is among the most gratifying ones in the life of the school.
Wreath laying at the statue of Deák.
Commemorating the statesman after whom the school has been named, the ninth graders lay a wreath at the statue of Ferenc Deák on Széchenyi Square each year on the day of his birth, October 17. Apart from this event, students also pay tribute to him—on the day of his death—in the National Pantheon which is found on Dóm Square in front of the Votive Church of Szeged.
Freshmen Day.
In its Pedagogical Program, Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School emphasizes the education of community life to be a most accentuated issue due to which the institution organizes an annual Freshman Day in the Ópusztaszer National Heritage Park so as to enhance the formation of class communities. During this day, freshmen have to participate in various team sports and other team competitions.
Sources, notes.
"Sources are in Hungarian"
Notes: 

</doc>
<doc id="31125902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125902" title="St. Peter's Cemetery (Staten Island)">
St. Peter's Cemetery (Staten Island)

St. Peter's Cemetery is the oldest Catholic cemetery on Staten Island and dates from 1848. The Cemetery is located at the junctures of Clove Road, Bement Avenue, and Tyler Place. It is in two sections on both sides of Clove Road. The offices can be accessed from Tyler Place or by entry from Bement Avenue at Tyler Place. The oldest sections of the cemetery reflect the mostly Irish Catholic community that once entirely comprised the Staten Island Catholic community. St. Peter's cemetery was once a part of St. Peter's Catholic Parish in Staten Island, which was the first Catholic church and parish on Staten Island one of the earliest Catholic parishes in New York City, founded in 1839 and originally catering to an Irish community of about 100 people. 
Since 1801, a Quarantine Hospital had been located in Tompkinsville, Staten Island, and in the 1840s, during the Irish Potato Famine, many immigrant Irish who had fallen ill during their voyages were detained here. "During the entire Famine period, about 650,000 Irish arrived in New York harbor. All incoming passenger ships to New York had to stop for medical inspection. Anyone with fever was removed to the quarantine station on Staten Island and the ship itself was quarantined for 30 days." Some Irish also settled in the area, thus increasing the Catholic presence on Staten Island substantially. Some gravestones of Irish immigrants have the Irish County from which they emigrated inscribed.
Notable burials.
Wheeler, James: Richmond County Treasurer (1894–1897) and founded of the newspaper The Staten Islander. James Wheeler was an Irish Famine immigrant, the son of Robert and Rose Wheeler and the brother of Patrick, Ann Donnelly, and Mary Cullen, all of whom are also buried near one another in St. Peter's Cemetery.
Fr. Vincent Robert Capodanno, LT, CHC, USNR (1929-1967). A native of Staten Island NY, Vincent Capodanno was born into a large Italian immigrant family. He served as a Maryknoll Missionary and went on to serve in the US Navy Chaplain Corps during the Vietnam War. He died administering basic first aid to the wounded and Last Rites to the dying on the battlefield during Operation Swift. A Purple Heart recipient, he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. Within the Catholi Church, he is recognized as a "Servant of God", the first step in the process for canonization to sainthood.
St. Peter's Catholic Cemetery, New Gascony
There is also a cemetery by this name in Jefferson County is the state of Arkansas, near the community of Cornerstone. It was one of the first all-Catholic cemeteries in Arkansas, in the community of New Gascony.
The site was flooded during the Great Flood of 1927, and some of the grave markers were lost in the flood waters. The original fence and the grave markers are all that remain of the original structures, but a monument was erected detailing the history of the cemetery and listing all the known who were buried there, as well as the unknown.
The site is listed on the National Register of Historic Places by the United States Department of the Interior.

</doc>
<doc id="31125925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125925" title="Andrew Brown (cricketer, born 1935)">
Andrew Brown (cricketer, born 1935)

Andrew John Trevor Brown (born 27 June 1935) is a former Scottish cricketer and Royal Navy sailor. Brown was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break. He was born in Edinburgh, Midlothian.
The son of John Brown and Nesta Jones, Brown was educated at Sherborne School in Dorset, where he represented the school cricket team. Following the end of his education, he joined the Royal Navy whom he also played cricket for. Brown made his debut for Devon in the 1959 Minor Counties Championship against the Somerset Second XI. From 1959 to 1961, he represented the county in ten Championship matches, the last of which came against Cornwall.
Andrew Brown played two first-class matches for the Combined Services in 1961, against Cambridge University and the touring South Africans. In his two first-class matches he scored 41 runs at a batting average of 13.66, with a high score of 40* against Cambridge University.
Following his retirement from the Royal Navy, he became an HR manager. Married twice, Brown has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="31125934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125934" title="SHIRPA">
SHIRPA

SHIRPA is a standardized set of experimental procedures used by scientists to characterize the phenotype of genetically modified laboratory mice. The protocols are designed to test muscle function, cerebellar function, sensory function and neuropsychiatric function.
Origin.
"SHIRPA" is an acronym of SmithKline Beecham, Harwell, Imperial College, Royal London Hospital, phenotype assessment), proposed in 1997 by a group of researchers from a number of British institutions and the pharmaceutical company, SmithKline Beecham. There are up to 40 tests in SHIRPA, across three screens of increasing complexity and specialization. The first describes the behaviour of the mouse subject by observation. The second involves a more thorough behavioural assessment and includes pathological analysis. The third screening stage is focused on potential animal models of neurological disease.
Testing of mutant mice.
The protocol has been used to test several mutant mice, including dystrophin-deficient mutants, transgenic models of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Alzheimer's disease, and a spontaneous mutant with degeneration of the cerebellum.
Modifications.
The first part of the SHIRPA protocol was changed to include observations on morphology and dysmorphology. This protocol became known as the "modified SHIRPA" and has been used to screen for dominant phenotypes in mice.

</doc>
<doc id="31125948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125948" title="2012 Japanese Grand Prix">
2012 Japanese Grand Prix

The 2012 Japanese Grand Prix (formally known as the 2012 Formula 1 Japanese Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race that took place at the Suzuka Circuit in Mie Prefecture, Japan on 7 October 2012 at 15:00 local time. The race is the fifteenth round of the 2012 season, and marks the thirty-ninth running of the Japanese Grand Prix.
Sebastian Vettel started the race from pole position for the fourth successive year at Suzuka, eventually leading the race from start to finish, winning by 20 seconds over Felipe Massa – who achieved his first podium since the 2010 Korean Grand Prix – in second place and Kamui Kobayashi, who achieved his first ever podium. It was also the first time a Japanese driver achieved a podium finish at the Japanese Grand Prix since Aguri Suzuki in 1990. It was also the first time a Japanese driver finished on the podium since Takuma Sato in 2004.
The race was also Vettel's second career "Grand Slam," leading every single lap from pole position and finishing with the fastest lap of the race. His first was the 2011 Indian Grand Prix.
Report.
Background.
Michael Schumacher received a ten-place grid penalty for causing an avoidable accident with Jean-Éric Vergne during the Singapore Grand Prix, while Jenson Button and Nico Hülkenberg were both demoted five places for making unscheduled gearbox changes.
Entering the Grand Prix, Fernando Alonso of Ferrari led the Drivers' Championship on a total of 194 points, 29 points clear of the second-placed Red Bull driver Sebastian Vettel. Lotus driver Kimi Räikkönen was third in the standings, and 16 points adrift of Vettel, despite not having won a race in 2012. McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton's championship hopes were becoming increasingly slim as he lay 50 points behind Alonso in fourth place, albeit 10 points ahead of the second Red Bull of Mark Webber and 23 ahead of his own team-mate, Jenson Button. Red Bull led the Constructors' Championship on 297 points, 36 ahead of nearest challengers McLaren, 52 ahead of Ferrari and 66 ahead of Lotus with six rounds remaining. Mercedes had lost a large amount of ground as they had just 136 points.
Tyre supplier Pirelli brought its silver-banded hard compound tyre as the harder "prime" tyre and the yellow-banded soft compound tyre as the softer "option" tyre, as opposed to the previous year where the medium compound was used as the "prime" tyre.
In the week leading up to the race it was announced, amidst many rumours, that Lewis Hamilton would leave McLaren (who he had been contracted with since age 13) when his contract expired at the end of the season, and join Mercedes for the following three years. After his three podium finishes for the Sauber team, it was announced that Sergio Pérez would be Hamilton's replacement, and accompany Button, at McLaren. After losing his seat at Mercedes, Michael Schumacher announced his second retirement from Formula One on the Thursday before the race.
Practice.
Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton set the first and second fastest times respectively during the first session for McLaren. The Red Bull of Mark Webber finished the session with the third fastest time, three tenths slower than Button's quickest time. His team-mate, Sebastian Vettel, finished the session down in seventeenth place. The Mercedes of Nico Rosberg set the fourth fastest time of the session, despite having to abandon his car out on track at the Esses with one minute remaining. Championship leader, Fernando Alonso, was eleventh, ahead of Sergio Pérez and both Lotus cars, who had just introduced their new Double DRS to their car. Williams' reserve driver Valtteri Bottas filled in for Bruno Senna and finished the session eighteenth; Giedo van der Garde did the same for Heikki Kovalainen at Caterham and set the twenty-third fastest time. There were no incidents damaging any of the cars during the session; the most notable things to happen were Michael Schumacher and Timo Glock running across the gravel at Degner, and Romain Grosjean running wide at Spoon.
Qualifying.
The Force India of Paul di Resta was the first car out on track for the first part of the qualifying session, initially using the harder compound prime tyres. The Sauber team also adopted that tactic, and their driver, Sergio Pérez, ran wide at the end of the Esses and bounded across the gravel before wrestling the car back to track. Later in the session, after Sebastian Vettel provisionally set the fastest time on prime tyres as well, Bruno Senna, in his Williams, was impeded by the Toro Rosso of Jean-Éric Vergne. On the approach to the final chicane Senna, on a flying lap, was held up by the slow-moving Vergne and gesticulated wildly out of his cockpit, forsaking his next flying lap in frustration. Vergne was issued with a three-place grid penalty for the race after he made the cut for the second part in qualifying in seventeenth. Vergne said that he had to slow down because he was catching Timo Glock before his flying lap. Michael Schumacher left his flying laps until the dying moments of the session, and after making a mistake at the second Degner curve, he found himself in last place with one last lap to make it into Q2; he was slower than Senna in the first two sectors of the circuit before crossing the line with the sixteenth fastest time, pushing Senna out. The Lotus of Romain Grosjean set the session's fastest time on the softer compound tyres, followed by the two Saubers and his team-mate Kimi Räikkönen, who also needed to use those tyres.
Behind Senna was the Caterham of Heikki Kovalainen in nineteenth, albeit with a time more than a second slower than Senna. His team-mate, Vitaly Petrov, had a disappointing session qualifying in twenty-third place, as the two Marussia cars sandwiched an impressive HRT of Pedro de la Rosa, with Timo Glock taking twentieth and Charles Pic taking twenty-second. Petrov was, however, only two tenths slower than Glock, but three tenths faster than Narain Karthikeyan who took last place on the grid. As Vergne qualified in seventeenth place in Q2, and Michael Schumacher came to the race with a ten-place grid drop penalty for causing an avoidable incident in Singapore after eventually qualifying 13th – Senna, Kovalainen and Glock started two places further up on the grid in 16th, 17th and 18th respectively, and behind Vergne, de la Rosa, Pic and Petrov moved up one place on the grid to start from 20th, 21st and 22nd respectively in front of Schumacher and Karthikeyan.
Every car used the option tyres during the second part of qualifying. Di Resta complained over his pit-to-car radio after he had to weave in and out of Webber and Grosjean on a flying lap approaching the final chicane. This was not his fastest time, however, as he missed out on reaching the final part of qualifying by just half a tenth of a second, in twelfth place. The Toro Rossos failed to progress in the session in sixteenth and seventeenth, with Daniel Ricciardo out-qualifying Vergne for the eleventh time in 2012, and the Mercedes duo of Schumacher – attempting to save tyres again with a last minute effort – and Nico Rosberg in thirteenth and fifteenth respectively, with the Williams of Pastor Maldonado splitting them. Felipe Massa was the last man out on track at the end of the session, and looked likely to beat Nico Hülkenberg's tenth place time but abandoned his lap and was eleventh. After Hülkenberg elected not to set a time in Q3, his five-place grid penalty for a gearbox change came into effect, dropping him to fifteenth on the grid.
The third and final session of qualifying began with a lack of action on track. However, the McLarens, Red Bulls and Lotuses all chose to do two separate flying lap efforts. After the first of these were complete, Vettel and Webber had set the first and second fastest times respectively. Webber was two tenths behind, hampered by an error at the hairpin; Button was third, followed by the Lotus cars of Grosjean and Räikkönen and Hamilton's McLaren, who despite being on a scrubbed set of tyres, was still one and a half seconds slower than Vettel. During the second phase and with time running out in the session, Räikkönen ran wide at Spoon curve, and whilst returning onto the track, spun again and stopped at the edge of the track. Yellow flags were brought out, and Pérez was the only driver in front of Räikkönen who did not have to slow down.
Vettel and Webber were both on faster laps than their previous ones, but were unable improve their times because of the yellow flags. They maintained their grid slots, though, as the team took their first front row lock-out of the season. Vettel claimed his fourth successive pole at the Suzuka circuit, maintaining his 100% record there and, with the 34th pole position of his career, he moved into third in the all-time list for pole positions, behind Michael Schumacher and Ayrton Senna. It was decided by the stewards that Vettel had held Fernando Alonso up during his flying lap, but he was only given a reprimand. Button marginally improved his time, remaining in third place which would eventually become eighth on the grid due to a five-place grid penalty for a gearbox change. Kamui Kobayashi took an impressive fourth place for Sauber, but immediately after he set the time it was suggested that he had not slowed down in the yellow flag area. He was allowed to keep the place on the grounds he had not used KERS or DRS as normal. After Button's gearbox penalty, this became third place, the best ever qualifying position from a Japanese driver at his home race. Grosjean's time was next fastest, in front of Pérez, Räikkönen and Alonso. Räikkönen was sixth, and Alonso said he could have easily been higher up the grid were it not for Räikkönen's spin. Hamilton, who qualified ninth, bemoaned a poorly handling car after a set-up change.
Race.
It was a bright and sunny afternoon in Suzuka, for the race which started a 13.00 (local time). Every driver except Jean-Èric Vergne, Charles Pic and Michael Schumacher started the race on the softer compound 'option' tyres.
There was a chaotic start to the race as collisions at the first turn brought out the safety car on the opening lap. Vettel led away from pole and Kobayashi had a faster start than Webber, who slotted in behind him in third. Meanwhile, Alonso moved left across the track to begin duelling with Räikkönen for position, Alonso continued to move left and squeezed Räikkönen onto the grass. This culminated in the front wing of the Lotus clipping Alonso's rear wheel, puncturing the tyre, sending him into a spin across the gravel and back near the track at the first corner. Räikkönen's team-mate, Romain Grosjean, was too busy attempting to stay in front of the fast-starting Sauber of Peréz on his outside at the first corner, so he ran into the back of third-placed Mark Webber, spinning him round at Turn 2, breaking his own wing in the process. This crash had consequences for other drivers as well, as Bruno Senna attempted to slide into a disappearing gap on Nico Rosberg's inside in order to avoid the crash. This broke Senna's wing and forced Rosberg to retire from the race. Alonso was the other retiree from the crash, seen walking away immediately, as Webber, Senna and Grosjean all had to pit for new front wings. Webber was worst affected as he had to recover from the grass. It wasn't all bad news for all the drivers, though, as Button had made up five places to move into third, and Massa had moved up six places to fourth after they used some opportunistic weaving.
At the end of the safety car period, and the beginning of lap 3, Vettel sprinted away from Kobayashi, quickly establishing a three second lead and building on it. Sergio Pérez attempted to overtake Räikkönen for fifth place at Turn 1, but he was forced wide and slotted in behind sixth place Hamilton, and in front of Hülkenberg. He managed to overtake Hamilton at the hairpin after a few laps of closing him down, locking his tyres and creeping around the apex. He then began to move back towards the fifth-placed Lotus of Räikkönen. The Caterham of Heikki Kovalainen was impressing at this point in the race by running in eleventh position. Next, Romain Grosjean was handed a ten-second stop-go penalty for the collision, he took it and returned to the track in last position. It was his sevevnth collision on the first lap of a race in 2012, and his eighth within the first two laps. By this point, Michael Schumacher had climbed his way from twenty-third to fourteenth, despite the German losing telemetry to the team.
Vettel and Massa were the drivers showing good pace when Button became the first driver to make a scheduled pit-stop in the race in lap 13. Räikkönen and Hülkenberg pitted the following lap from fifth and eighth positions respectively, having to make their way past Vergne and Kovalainen after their pit stops. Kobayashi pitted on lap 16 to promote Felipe Massa to second place, but kept Button behind him as both were temporarily held up by drivers yet to stop, before promptly overtaking them. Vettel and Massa pitted from first and second on lap 20 and maintained their positions, meaning Vettel had not relinquished his lead, and Massa had leap-frogged both Kobayashi and Button with a quick stop. Pérez attempted the same move he had overtaken Hamilton with the previous time at the hairpin on lap 20, but this time Hamilton moved to the inside line and Pérez carried too much speed into the corner, sliding round and getting stuck in the gravel trap. He was the third retirement of the race. On lap 22, Senna was given a drive through penalty for his contact with Rosberg at the start of the race. By this point, Mark Webber had worked his way back up to ninth place, but had to pit a few laps later.
Hamilton and Kobayashi pitted on lap 31, one lap after Räikkönen, who Hamilton was competing with now for fifth spot. He overtook him at Turn 1 on the following lap. On lap 34, Narain Karthikeyan retired his HRT into the garage due to vibrations in the car. Button, Massa and Vettel piited on laps 35, 36 and 38 respectively, and all retained their positions in fourth, second and first, with Kobayashi in third. Michael Schumacher, who had started twenty-third and opted for a different tyre strategy, was left as the only driver on the softer tyres when he pitted on lap 37. He spent much of the remainder of the race behind the Toro Rosso of Daniel Ricciardo, fighting for tenth place, but never eventually gaining it due to some impressive defending. On lap 41, Charles Pic drove his Marussia into the pit garage with engine failure. Button spent the final stint of the race closing to within one second of Kobayashi, but never managing to overtake the Sauber driver.
Sebastian Vettel took the 24th victory of his career by twenty seconds and became the first driver to take consecutive victories in the 2012 season. It was also the second Grand Chelem (pole, fastest lap, and lead every lap en route to victory) of Vettel's career. Felipe Massa ended the longest streak a Ferrari driver had ever had without a podium by finishing second, taking his first since the 2010 Korean Grand Prix. Kobayashi became the third Japanese driver to score a Formula One podium, in front of his home crowd, with his best result of third place. The McLaren cars of Button and Hamilton finished in fourth and fifth places, followed by Räikkönen, Hülkenberg, Maldonado (who took his fourth points scoring result and first since winning in Spain nearly five months earlier), Webber and Ricciardo who completed the top ten. Michael Schuamacher and Paul di Resta (who had a clutch failure at the race start) just missed out in eleventh and twelfth. Romain Grosjean retired on the final lap due to a gearbox problem.
Post-race.
As a consequence of his victory and Alonso's retirement, Vettel closed the gap between himself and championship leader to just four points. In an interview after the race, Mark Webber described Romain Grosjean as a "first-lap nutcase" with regard to the collision Grosjean caused between them at the race start.
Classification.
Qualifying.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="31125954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125954" title="Chevak Cup’ik language">
Chevak Cup’ik language

Chevak Cup’ik or just Cup’ik (own name Cugtun), Hooper Bay–Chevak Cup’ik language is a language or dialect of Central Alaskan Yup'ik spoken in Central Alaska in the Chevak (own name Cev’aq) and Hooper Bay by Chevak Cup’ik people (own name Cup’it or Cev’allrarmuit). Actually, Cup’ik spoken in Chevak is closer to General Central Yup’ik than it is to Nunivak Cup’ig, therefore they should not be equated. The Cup'ik dialect is threatened. The Yup'ik letter "c" is pronounced as an English "ch".
The Central Alaskan Yupik who in the village of Chevak call themselves "Cup'ik" (plural "Cup'it"). Those who live on Nunivak Island ("Nuniwar" in Nunivak Cup'ig, "Nunivaaq" in Central Yup'ik) call themselves "Cup'ig" (plural "Cup'it"). The name Cup'ig (with g) used for Nunivak Island Yup'ik dialect. But, the name Cup'ik (with k) used for Hooper Bay-Chevak Yup'ik dialect.
Education.
The Cup’ik dialect is distinguished from Yup’ik by the change of "y" sounds into "ch" sounds, represented by the letter "c", and by some words that are completely different from Yup'ik words.
This unique identity has allowed them to form a single-site school district, the Kashunamiut School District, rather than joining a neighboring Yup’ik school district. English and Cup’ik bilingual education is done at this school. There is a tri-language system in Chevak; English, Cup’ik, and a mixture of the two languages.
Before 1950 formal education for students in Chevak took place in the "Qaygiq" (semi-underground men's community house), and in the homes of the people.
Vocabulary comparison.
The comparison of some words in the two dialects.
Phonology.
There are 18 letters used in the Cup’ik alphabet: a c e g i k l m n p q r s t u v w y.
These letters are not used in the Cup’ik alphabet: b d f h j o x z.
Vowels:
Consonants:
Russian loanwords.
The Russian loanwords used in Chevak Cup’ik date from the period of the Russian America (1733–1867).

</doc>
<doc id="31125986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31125986" title="The Gull">
The Gull

The Gull was an international passenger train between Boston and Halifax. Travel time was approximately 24 hours. Westbound trains left Halifax shortly after breakfast and crossed the Canada – United States border in the late evening, as eastbound trains were leaving Boston's North Station to cross the border about dawn. Travel was over the Boston and Maine Railroad from Boston to Portland, Maine, then over the Maine Central Railroad to the border between Vanceboro, Maine and Saint Croix, New Brunswick, then over the Canadian Pacific Railway to Saint John, New Brunswick, and over the Canadian National Railway to Halifax.
Equipment.
Through sleeping cars between Boston and Halifax were the core of service initiated 2 March 1930. Through coaches operated between Boston and Saint John. Canadian National operated through coaches between Saint John and Halifax with a dining car between Halifax and Moncton, New Brunswick, and a buffet car between Moncton and Saint John. Through sleeping cars were carried between Boston and Bangor, Maine, and transferred to connecting trains over the Maine Central between Bangor and Calais, Maine, and over the Bangor and Aroostook Railroad between Bangor and Van Buren, Maine. Connecting Bangor & Aroostook trains carried through coaches between Boston and Van Buren and a buffet car between Bangor and Van Buren.
The "Gull" carried a diverse assortment of baggage cars, express cars, and mail cars from the five railroads offering through service. These were often conventional heavyweight cars, but included Bangor & Aroostook open-platform, steel-underframe wood baggage cars in the years before World War II, and Boston & Maine converted troop sleeper baggage cars after the war. Boston received fish from the Maritimes in express reefers and milk from Newport, Maine in Pfaudler milk cars leased to HP Hood. The train often included Boston & Maine lightweight "American Flyer" coaches built in the 1930s by Pullman Company's Osgood Bradley Car Company plant in Worcester, Massachusetts. Stainless steel coaches started appearing in the train after a joint order by Maine Central and Boston & Maine in 1947. Stainless steel sleeping cars were delivered to Bangor & Aroostook and Boston & Maine in 1954. The train was typically pulled by 4-6-2 steam locomotives; although Maine Central and Boston & Maine EMD E7s were used in the United States after World War II.
Merchandise-Mail trains.
The "Gull" was the last non-RDC train using North Station when service was discontinued 5 September 1960. Head-end cars had outnumbered cars for passengers during the final years of operation; and Maine Central attempted to retain that traffic using their EMD E7s to pull merchandise-mail trains on the former "Gull" schedule. These trains resembled passenger trains with a string of baggage and express cars no longer needed for passenger service followed by a combine car serving as a caboose. Lightweight baggage cars had been unusual on this route until Bangor and Aroostook's "American Flyer" cars were purchased by Maine Central in 1961. Without direct connections to Boston, the service was uncompetitive with highway trucks and was discontinued 30 September 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="31126017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126017" title="1992 Football League Trophy Final">
1992 Football League Trophy Final

The 1992 Football League Trophy Final, known as the Autoglass Trophy for sponsorship reasons, was the 9th final of the domestic football cup competition for teams from the Third Division and Fourth Division. The final was played at Wembley Stadium, London on 16 May 1992, and was contested by Stoke City and Stockport County. Stoke won the match 1–0, with Mark Stein scoring the only goal of the game.
Background.
The 1991–92 season saw both Stockport County and Stoke City involved in the race for promotion to the Second Division. The season ended with Stoke in 4th position and Stockport in 5th with just a point separating the two sides. They faced each other in the end of season play-offs. The first leg saw Stockport win 1–0 thanks to a Lee Todd free-kick and in the second leg at the Victoria Ground Stockport scored in the first few minutes and despite Mark Stein pulling one back Stockport went through 2–1 on aggregate.
Route to the final.
Stoke began the competition in the southern section whilst Stockport where in the northern section. Stoke advanced past Walsall 2–0 and Birmingham City 3–1 and Stockport recovered from a 4–0 defeat at Carlisle United to beat York City 3–0. In the first round Stoke beat Cardiff City 3–0 whilst County gained revenge on Carlisle beating them 3–1. The quarter finals saw Stoke beat Walsall 3–1 and Stockport record a 3–0 won over Hartlepool United. Both sides where then involved in close semi-finals City beating Leyton Orient and County getting the better of Crewe Alexandra winning 2–1. In the area finals Stoke and Peterborough United shared three goals in an exciting 3–3 and a Paul Ware goal earned Stoke a 2nd leg victory. Stockport had an easier tie beating Burnley 3–1.
"Home teams listed first. " 
Match review.
The two sides had met just three days prior the final in the Football League play-offs with Stockport coming out on top.County began the first half the better of the two teams and Paul Wheeler had the ball in the back of the Stoke net after six minutes but was disallowed for a foul on Stoke 'keeper Peter Fox. The rest of the first half was end-to-end with Wayne Biggins and Lee Sandford going close for City whilst Fox had to pull off a fine save to deny Wheeler. In the second half, Stockport began to tire and Stoke took full advantage, Ian Cranson hit a long ball forward on 65 minutes only for Lee Todd to clear away but was returned by Vince Overson, leaving Lee Sandford free to flick the ball on to Mark Stein on the edge of the County area. Stein beat two Stockport defenders before smashing a powerful shot past Neil Edwards. Stoke had to withstand pressure from Stockport attacks but held firm to claim their first Football League Trophy victory.

</doc>
<doc id="31126045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126045" title="Obesity in Switzerland">
Obesity in Switzerland

Obesity in Switzerland has been increasingly cited as a major health issue in recent years.
The canton of Zurich is considered the most unfit canton in Switzerland. The people who are considered unfit in that canton are mostly located in its largest city, Zurich. People from Zurich tend to be less active compared to people in the countryside.
Swiss women are considered much slimmer than Germans. Twenty-nine per cent of Swiss women are considered to be overweight.
Causes.
Inactivity is blamed for the lack of fitness in men in the canton of Zurich.
Effects.
The obesity level in men in the canton of Zurich means that only 54.1% of men are fit enough for military duty. In addition, physical symptoms like back pain, obesity and asthma are more frequently reported.

</doc>
<doc id="31126083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126083" title="William R. Moser">
William R. Moser

William R. Moser (October 14, 1927 – April 11, 2003) was an American lawyer who spent six years as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Senate from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Background.
Moser was born October 14, 1927 in Chicago. He was educated in Milwaukee parochial schools (St. Michael's Elementary and St. John's Cathedral High School. From 1945-1947 he served in the United States Army as a paratrooper and a criminal investigator; then earned his Bachelor of Science degree at St. Norbert College, and LL.B. from Marquette University Law School, and went into practice as an attorney. He became a member of the Advisory Council to Mayor of Milwaukee Frank P. Zeidler, and a director or active member of various civic, veterans and fraternal organizations.
Legislative office.
In 1956 he was elected to the 6th Senatorial District (the 7th, 10th, & 13th Wards of the City of Milwaukee) to succeed fellow Democrat William A. Schmidt, who was not running for re-election. Moser obtained a plurality in a four-way Democratic primary election against Assemblyman Cecil B. Brown, former Assemblyman John Schaller, and Brown Deer village trustee Fred W. Voigt; and was unopposed in the general election. He served as the floor leader for Senate Democrats in the 1960 session, and was elected a Kennedy delegate to the 1960 Democratic National Convention. He easily turned aside challenges from Schaller in the 1960 primary, and from Republican Delbert Fowler in the general election; and served again as the Democratic floor leader in the 1961 session, leading the fight against the adoption of a sales tax in Wisconsin; but resigned effective Feb. 1, 1962 to become a Milwaukee County judge. He was succeeded by fellow Democrat Martin J. Schreiber.
Judiciary.
In 1971, he was elected without opposition as a circuit court judge. He was re-elected in 1977, and in April 1978 was elected to the newly created Court of Appeals District 1. In 1980, he fended off a re-election challenge from Christ T. Seraphim, winning by 195,256 to 137,262. He was unopposed in 1986, and became Presiding Judge of the District 1 Court of Appeals. He did not run for re-election in 1992, and was succeeded on the Court by Charles B. Schudson.
Death.
Moser died April 11, 2003, leaving behind a wife, Mary Bernadette, a son, William, and a daughter, Mary Magdalen.

</doc>
