<doc id="30976468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976468" title="Greatest Bits">
Greatest Bits

Greatest Bits is a compilation album by American comedian Jeff Foxworthy. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on October 12, 1999. The album peaked at number 189 on the Billboard 200 chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="30976500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976500" title="Jim Warren">
Jim Warren

Jim Warren may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30976517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976517" title="Goblin (album)">
Goblin (album)

Goblin is the debut studio album by Odd Future leader Tyler, The Creator. It was released on May 10, 2011 through XL Recordings. The album's production came almost entirely from Tyler himself, along with contributions from fellow Odd Future member Left Brain. "Goblin" continues Tyler's dialogues with his fictional therapist Dr. TC, first heard on "Bastard". The tracklisting is for the explicit edition of the album. A standard clean edition, as well as a deluxe clean edition is available also.
The album was preceded by singles "Sandwitches", featuring Hodgy Beats, "Yonkers", "She", featuring Frank Ocean, and "Bitch Suck Dick", featuring Jasper Dolphin & Taco Bennett. The single "Yonkers" is considered responsible for garnering the significant internet and industry buzz surrounding the OF group at the time of the album's release. Upon release, "Goblin" received generally positive reviews from music critics. The album cover features Buffalo Bill at age 19.
Background and release.
On October 8, 2010, Tyler and Hodgy released "Sandwitches" on Odd Future's official website for free, saying it was not going to be on any albums. On February 10, 2011, Tyler released the music video for the first single, "Yonkers", from the album. An extended version with an extra verse was later released on iTunes four days later, along with an extended version of the previously released track "Sandwitches". On February 16, Tyler and Hodgy performed "Sandwitches" on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon", making it the first television appearance for any Odd Future member.
One month later, on March 16, 2011, Tyler and Hodgy performed the tracks "Yonkers" and "Sandwitches" on the mtvU Woodie Awards with the rest of Odd Future. On that same day, a preview of "Tron Cat" was released online as promotion for the album.
Also in March, the album cover was posted online featuring a colored picture of Buffalo Bill when he was 19, and it was featured as a backdrop for Tyler's MTV performance. The cover is credited in the album's personnel notes to "Thebe". On March 24, Tyler posted the track list on his Twitter, and the track "Sandwitches" was to be included on the album. In March and April, pre-orders were released on Amazon for the standard and deluxe editions, respectively. Pre-orders for both versions were then released on iTunes on April 15.
On April 21, Tyler posted several pictures from the filming of a new music video, followed by an announcement that the video is finished on the next day. On April 22, Tyler released a promo video involving himself portraying a character named Thurnis Haley who is a golfer. A second and third promo was released several days later. On April 28, Tron Cat was leaked online. On April 30, snippets of the album appeared on Amazon. On May 3, Tyler and Hodgy performed "Sandwitches" and "Analog" on BBC, along with them performing "65" off of the upcoming MellowHype album.
The third single to be released from the album was "She" featuring Frank Ocean. On May 9, 2011, Tyler posted a picture of a TV screen on his Twitter, with the caption "She". The music video for "She" was released June 3, 2011.
The album's fourth single was announced to be "Bitch Suck Dick", featuring Jasper Dolphin & Taco. The music video was released at 5pm Western Time/8pm Eastern Time on October 11, 2011.
Tyler has said that the album was supposed to feature the song "Llama" featuring Earl Sweatshirt, however, it was removed due to his mother not giving Tyler permission to use his vocals.
Goblin was also released as a deluxe edition with alternate artwork and packaging, a poster, lyrics, and a second disc containing three bonus tracks. Tyler released the deluxe edition cover of the album on his Flickr on April 4, 2011. Goblin was also released in a clean edition removing any profanities.
Reception.
Commercial performance.
The album debuted at number five on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, with first-week sales of 45,000 copies in the United States. On the week of August 28, 2011 "Goblin" climbed up ninety-two spots on the "Billboard" 200. Earlier that month the album nearly left the charts, before winning MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist. As of April 2013 Goblin has sold over 230,000 copies.
Critical response.
Upon its release, the album received generally positive reviews from most music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 72, based on 37 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews." Jon Dolan from "Rolling Stone" awarded "Goblin" 3 and a half, out of 5 stars, complimenting the album's "lush, left-field R&B-tinged tracks" along with its "early-Eminem evil" lyrics. David Jeffries of Allmusic.com also gave it 3 and a half, out of 5 stars, commenting that "Tyler’s production is as attractive as ever, contrasting his disgusting rhymes and gruff voice with subdued, sometimes serene beats that echo and creep." "Slant Magazine" critic Huw Jones awarded the album a 4 and a half out of 5 stars rating, praising its production and stating that "Goblin could well be one of the decade's most significant releases...a masterpiece for those capable of stomaching it."
Although reviewer Jen Long from the BBC enjoyed Tyler's lyrical "run of shock tactics reminiscent of Eminem", many strongly criticized the similarity. Joshua Errett of Now Magazine Canada, said that someone should have informed Tyler that "Eminem already did this 15 years ago", giving Goblin 2 out of 5 stars. Randal Roberts from the "Los Angeles Times" commented that the album just "presses the same button that Elvis, Johnny Rotten, Chuck D and Eminem did" and after "about 50 minutes you just want Tyler, the Creator to shut the hell up", giving it 2 out of 4 stars.
Track listing.
All songs produced by Tyler, The Creator (T. Okonma) except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="30976520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976520" title="Lev Fink">
Lev Fink

Lev Fink (Russian: Лев Матве́eвич Финк, 1910–1988), a was a Soviet physicist. He was a Doktor nauk in Telecommunication.
He was born in Kiev, at the time part of the Russian Empire.
He died in Leningrad in a few years before the collapse of the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="30976547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976547" title="Big Funny">
Big Funny

Big Funny is an album by American comedian Jeff Foxworthy. It was released by DreamWorks Records on April 25, 2000. The album peaked at number 143 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jeff Foxworthy and Ritch Shydner except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="30976576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976576" title="Bone of My Bones">
Bone of My Bones

Bone of My Bones is the debut album by British singer Ebony Bones, an alias of Ebony Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="30976597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976597" title="John S. Pike">
John S. Pike

John S. Pike is a television and movie producer. He has served as a senior executive at the network and studio level, as well as formed and produced numerous projects under his own production banner "John Pike Productions". Pike is a founding partner in "AMP…The Communications Partnership". 
Life and career.
Pike is best known for his accomplishments while serving as President, Paramount Network Television and International Production. During his tenure he was responsible for the development, production, marketing, and financial management of a full spectrum of television series, tele-films, and mini-series for the broadcast and pay networks as well as first-run television syndication. Programs included "Frasier", "Cheers", "Family Ties", "Brooklyn Bridge", "Dear John", "MacGyver", "", George Lucas' "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles", "Space", and "Wings". Pike also was responsible for numerous network and pay television specials including "Sinatra", "Concert for the Americas", "Diana Ross: Live in Central Park", "Cher: A Celebration at Caesars Palace", John Frankenheimer's "Rainmaker", Neil Simon's "Barefoot in the Park", and "Plaza Suite" starring Carol Burnett. 
Pike also served in a dual capacity at MGM/UA. As Executive Vice President of Television, he was responsible for the development and production of series and tele-film for the broadcast and pay networks. Responsibilities also included providing synergistic liaison between MGM/UA and MGM Grand Gaming and Hotel Properties. "John Pike Productions" also had an exclusive production arrangement with MGM/UA and produced projects that included "Body and Soul", "Meschak", "MGM on Ice", and "Daily Edition". 
As Senior Vice President Network Television and Senior Vice President Late Night Programming, CBS Network, Pike was responsible for the production of the "Late Show with David Letterman" and the development and production of "The Late Late Show with Tom Snyder". 
Pike also served as Vice President Program Development, The NBC Television Station’s Division, as well as Program Director/Manager for WBZ-TV Boston, Massachusetts and WKYC-TV Cleveland, Ohio. He also served in various on-air, news, and production capacities in West Palm Beach and Miami, Florida. 
In addition to his professional activities, Pike also regularly lectures at the College and University level; for the past five years he has assisted in teaching Entertainment Management at Loyola Marymount University, Los Angeles. Pike serves on the President’s Council of The University of Miami Coral Gables, Florida (BA’71). He also is a founding member of the Autry Museum of Western Heritage’s National Advisory Council. John Pike is married to the former Vicki Norman and has a daughter, Jill.

</doc>
<doc id="30976602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976602" title="WAKO Pro World Grand Prix">
WAKO Pro World Grand Prix

WAKO Pro World Grand Prix, was a kickboxing promotion featuring events held in between national teams since 2011 by the WAKO-Pro organization in association with national kickboxing organizations.
Rules.
All the tournament fights are conducted under K-1 rules: 3 X 3 rounds with 1 minute break between them. In case of a draw, an extra round will be ordered. Wako-Pro World Grand Prix has five different weight classes: -60kg, -66.8kg, -75kg, -81.4kg and -94.1kg.
Format.
The national teams are composed of 5 male fighters each in five weight classes: -60 kg, -66,8 kg, -75 kg, -81.4 kg, -94.1 kg 
WAKO Pro World Grand Prix Champions.
!style="background: #e3e3e3"|Year
!style="background: #e3e3e3"|Champion
!style="background: #e3e3e3"|Runner-up

</doc>
<doc id="30976642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976642" title="Kerdau by-election, 2011">
Kerdau by-election, 2011

The Kerdau state by-election is a state by-election that was scheduled held on March 6, 2011 in the state of Pahang, Malaysia. The nomination of candidates was done on February 26, 2011. The Kerdau seat fell vacant following the death of its state assemblyman Datuk Zaharuddin Abu Kassim of United Malays National Organisation, part of the Barisan Nasional coalition from a heart attack at his home. Previously Zaharuddin Abu Kassim won the Kerdau seat with a 1,615 vote majority, beating PAS' Hassanuddin Salim at the 2008 Malaysian general elections. The state assembly seat has 8,721 voters registered compromising of 88.36% Malays, 3.6% Chinese, 3.4% Indians and 2.98% other races. For the by-election PAS picked as its candidate, Hassanuddin Salim while Barisan Nasional picked Syed Ibrahim Syed Ahmad.
Results.
Syed Ibrahim Syed Ahmad, the Barisan candidate won by polling 5,060 votes against the 2,336 garnered by Hassanuddin Salim of PAS.

</doc>
<doc id="30976685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976685" title="Byssonectria fusispora">
Byssonectria fusispora

Byssonectria fusispora is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
This is a European species appearing as bright yellow-orange discs up to 3 mm in diameter thickly clustered on soil and rotting plant material, often at fire sites.

</doc>
<doc id="30976780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976780" title="Have Your Loved Ones Spayed or Neutered">
Have Your Loved Ones Spayed or Neutered

Have Your Loved Ones Spayed or Neutered is an album by American comedian Jeff Foxworthy. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on July 6, 2004. The album peaked at number 47 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jay Foxworthy, Jeff Foxworthy, Mike Shydner and Mike Venneman; additional writing on "I Believe (Encore)" by Larry the Cable Guy.

</doc>
<doc id="30976788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976788" title="23rd Regiment Armory">
23rd Regiment Armory

The 23rd Regiment Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at 1322 Bedford Avenue between Atlantic Avenue and Pacific Street in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. It was built in 1891-95 and was designed in the Romanesque Revival style by Fowler & Hough, local Brooklyn architects, and Isaac Perry, the architect for New York State, which financed the construction.
The building is a brick and stone castle-like structure designed to be reminiscent of medieval military structures in Europe. It consists of a three-story administration building with an attached drill shed. It is constructed of deep red pressed brick, brownish red Potsdam stone, and red terra cotta detail. It features a series of circular corner towers, the tallest of which is 136 feet in height.
In 1923, the building was rented by William Randolph Hearst for use as studio space for his Cosmopolitan Productions after the company's own facilities were destroyed by a fire on February 19, 1923. 
The building was designated a New York City landmark in 1977, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="30976827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976827" title="Dark Places (novel)">
Dark Places (novel)

Dark Places is a mystery novel by Gillian Flynn published in 2009. The novel deals with class issues in rural America, intense poverty and the Satanic cult hysteria that swept the United States in the 1980s. "Dark Places" was shortlisted for the Crime Writers' Association Ian Fleming Steel Dagger Award and won the Dark Scribe Magazine Black Quill Award for Dark Genre Novel of the Year. It was also listed on the New York Times Best Seller List for hardcover fiction for two consecutive weeks.
Plot.
Libby Day, the novel's narrator and protagonist, is the sole survivor of a massacre in Kinnakee, Kansas, a fictional rural town. After witnessing the murders of her two sisters and mother, in what appears to be a Satanic cult ritual, she escapes through a window and later testifies in court against her teenaged brother.
Twenty-five years after the massacre, Libby, in need of money, meets with a group of amateur investigators who believe that her brother is innocent of the crime. With the group's support, she begins an investigation of the events of the massacre, tracking down other witnesses and possible suspects.
Interspersed with the modern day investigation are flashbacks to the day of the massacre. These flashbacks are told from the points of view of Libby's mother, Patty, and her brother, Ben. These viewpoints paint a picture of a grim life of desperate poverty, marital abuse and abandonment that characterize life on the farm prior to the murder.
Reception.
"Dark Places" was listed on the New York Times Best Seller List for hardcover fiction on May 29, 2009, where it was ranked #15 for the week ending May 23. It was included in an expanded listing of the top 35 best sellers that appeared only online. (Only the top ten best sellers are included in the print edition.) It remained on the best seller list for two weeks; the June 5 listing of Hardcover Best Sellers ranked "Dark Places" #25 for the week ending May 30.
Indie Bound, an independent booksellers section of the American Booksellers Association, included "Dark Places" in their May 2009 "Indie Next List" of recommendations by independent sellers.
Awards and nominations.
The novel was nominated for Dark Scribe Magazine's Black Quill Award in the category of Dark Genre Novel of the Year on November 29, 2009. The award, which recognizes a "novel-length work of horror, suspense, or thriller from mainstream publisher," was awarded to Gillian Flynn on February 7, 2010. "Dark Places" was the Editor's Pick for the category, where it was one of six nominees.
Film adaptation.
Amy Adams was originally in talks to star as Libby Day in a feature film based on the novel, to be written and directed by Gilles Paquet-Brenner. However on February 7, 2013, it was announced that Charlize Theron would star as Day, with the same director attached. On April 3, 2013, Nicholas Hoult joined the cast as Lyle. On August 21, 2013, Christina Hendricks was cast as stripper Krissi Cates. On September 3 Hendricks was recast as Patty Day, with Drea de Matteo taking the Cates role. The cast also includes Chloë Grace Moretz and Sean Bridgers. 
The film is set for a release date on September 1, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30976865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976865" title="Cheilymenia stercorea">
Cheilymenia stercorea

Cheilymenia stercorea is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
This is a common appearing throughout the year as orange-red discs up to 3 mm in diameter, clustered on dung, usually from cows. The spores are elliptical and measure 14–18 by 8–10 µm, while the asci are 175-–220 by 9–12 µm. It is found in Europe and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="30976908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976908" title="Carrier Strike Group Three 2004–09 operations">
Carrier Strike Group Three 2004–09 operations

Carrier Strike Group Three 2004–2009 operations included a world cruise, three western Pacific (WESTPAC) deployments and a change-over of its flagship. During this period, CARSTRGRU-3 provided combat operational support for Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom – Afghanistan (OEF-A) as well as participated such major exercises as Valiant Shield 2007, Key Resolve/Foal Eagle 2009, and Northern Edge 2009. The strike group's 2005 WESTPAC deployment marked the final overseas mission for Sea Control Squadron 33 (VS-33), the "Screwbirds". Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron 71 (HSM-71), a new component to Carrier Air Wing Nine (CVW-9), became the first squadron of its kind to embark on board a carrier as part of a carrier air wing when it operated with Carrier Strike Group Three during its 2009 WESTPAC deployment
Carrier Strike Group Three (CSG-3 or CARSTRGRU-3) is one of six U.S. Navy carrier strike groups currently assigned to the U.S. Pacific Fleet. CARSTRGRU-3 is currently based at Naval Base Kitsap, Washington, and it typically deploys to the U.S. Seventh Fleet operating in the Western Pacific (WESTPAC) and the U.S. Fifth Fleet in the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf. The "Nimitz"-class nuclear-powered aircraft carrier became the current flagship for Carrier Strike Group Three, replacing the which began its 36-month mid-life refueling and complex overhaul in 2005.
2004 operations.
Change of command.
On 26 June 2004, Rear Admiral Bruce W. Clingan ("pictured") relieved Rear Admiral Evan M. Chanik, Jr., as Commander Carrier Group Three (ComCarGru 3). During his tenure as ComCarGru 3, Chanik led the "Carl Vinson" strike group which was the first to undergo the new, innovative Inter-Deployment Training Cycle (IDTC), which greatly compressed the training required for oversea deployment. Admiral Chanik's next assignment was as director, Programming Division on the staff of the Chief of Naval Operations. A naval aviator, Admiral Clingan served as the commanding officer of U.S. Sixth Fleet flagship and the aircraft carrier , and prior to taking command of Carrier Group Three, he served as the deputy director of Operations, U.S. Central Command, during Operation Enduring Freedom – Afghanistan (OEF-A) and Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF).
Pre-deployment training.
In September 2004, Carrier Group Three (CarGru 3) departed for its 22-day Composite Training Unit Exercise (COMPTUEX) off the coast of Southern California. COMPUTEX was an intermediate-level, two-phase strike group training exercise that was a critical step toward the final certification to deploy overseas for a carrier strike group. Phase I provided training for warfare commanders and the rest of the strike group in operational tasking and decision-making. Phase II measured the ability of the strike group to act as a coordinated, combat-ready force, and it was intended to closely resemble real-life conflict. On 1 October 2004, Carrier Group Three was redesignated as Carrier Strike Group Three (CARSTRKGRU 3). A day later, on 2 October 2004, the newly renamed Carrier Strike Group Three completed its COMPTUEX.
2005 World Cruise.
In 17 January 2005, "Carl Vinson" departed Bremerton, Washington, with CVW-9 embarked for a six-month deployment, which included several months in the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. On 30 January 2005, COMCARSTKGRU 9 departed San Diego for its around the world voyage following the completion of Joint Task Force Exercise 05-2 (FTFE 05-2) under the command of Rear Admiral Bruce W. Clingan. This overseas deployment also marked the final overseas mission for the fast combat support ship and Sea Control Squadron 33 (VS-33), the "Screwbirds". The carrier strike group paid a port visit to Dubai.
On 5 May 2005, during a visit to strike group flagship "Vinson" on 5 May 2005, United States Central Command commander General John Abizaid paid tribute to the personnel of Carrier Strike Group Three: "Whenever I see young Marines and young Sailors at work where they are doing what their country’s asking them to do in a hard place, I can only come away thankful and impressed." Carrier Strike Group Three completed its 2005 western Pacific (WESTPAC) deployment and world cruise at Naval Station Norfolk, Virginia on 31 July 2005.
Joint Task Force Exercise 05-2.
Carrier Strike Group Three participated in Joint Task Force Exercise 05-2 (JTFEX 05-2) off the coast of southern California. The exercise was the final step in preparing the strike group for deployment by testing its ability to operate in a complex, hostile environment with other U.S. and coalition forces, which included an anti-submarine warfare exercise (ASWEX), numerous simulated Tomahawk strike missions, an air defense exercise, and exercises with naval special warfare forces. Other participating military forces included Patrol Squadron 40 (VP-40); helicopter squadrons HSL-45 and HSL-49; and units from the Air Force Eighth Air Force. Admiral Clingan noted:
The Sailors and Marines of the "Carl Vinson" Strike Group have performed marvelously during the Joint Task Force Exercise. I couldn’t be more pleased with the way the strike group came together as a team and outperformed all expectations. This was a challenging exercise that required all of us to have our head in the game and think critically about how we fight. Everyone rose to that challenge and met it head on. There is no doubt our team is ready to answer our nation’s call during deployment.
With the 22-day exercise successfully completed on 30 January 2005, U.S. 3rd Fleet Commander Vice Adm. Michael McCabe certified that Carrier Strike Group Three was ready for its upcoming 2005 western Pacific (WESTPAC) deployment.
2005 WESTPAC Deployment.
Carrier air operations.
Carrier Strike Group Three relieved Carrier Strike Group Ten, led by the carrier , on 19 March 2005. On 8 May 2005, F/A-18C Hornet fighter jets dropped six precision bombs against anti-Iraqi forces south of Samarra, Iraq, while conducting presence and security missions in support of Iraqi and coalition ground forces. The aircraft came from CVW-9 squadrons VMFA-323 and VFA-147 ("pictured"). Also, a detachment from helicopter squadron HS-3 patrolled southeastern Iraq and the northern Persian Gulf to protect vital infrastructure, including Khawr Abd Allah and Khawr As Sabiyah, the waterways that separate Iraq from Iran and Kuwait. The detachment was temporarily based at Camp Arifjan, Kuwait.
In total, Carrier Strike Group Three launched more than 6,500 sorties, totaling more than 20,000 flight hours, in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and maritime interdiction operations, including 2,600 flight hours logged by CVW-9's four F-18 squadrons. This overseas deployment marked the final overseas mission for Sea Control Squadron 33 (VS-33), the "Screwbirds".
Maritime security operations.
Overall, ships under the control of DESRON 31 conducted more than 80 boarding evolutions while working in cooperation with British, Italian, Australian, Canadian and regional forces. On 11 June 2005, DESRON-31 destroyer "(pictured)" rendered at-sea medical assistance in response to a radio distress call from the Iranian-flagged fishing dhow "Henif". A rigid hull inflatable boat (RHIB) transported an ill Iranian crew member to "Mustin", where he was subsequently transported to "Carl Vinson" via an SH-60 helicopter. Once aboard "Vinson", the Iranian fisherman was taken to the ship's medical facilities where he underwent a battery of tests. It was discovered that the fisherman was suffering from a severe allergic reaction. The Iranian national was treated, and after a short period of recovery, he was returned to the "Henif" via one of the carrier's RHIBs.
CARSTRGRU-3 Flagship Changeover.
Carrier Strike Group Three completed its 2005 deployment at Naval Station Norfolk on 31 July 2005, and the carrier began its scheduled 36-month Refueling Complex Overhaul (RCOH) at the Northrop Grumman Newport News shipyard at Newport News, Virginia ("pictured"). The ship will spend nearly two-thirds of its RCOH in dry dock to accomplish planned repairs and install the latest technologies in computer software, combat systems, propulsion controls, and aviation support, including the installation of new propellers and a main master for its island superstructure. Following its RCOH, the "Vinson" became the flagship for Carrier Strike Group One.
The new Carrier Strike Group Three flagship, the aircraft carrier , changed its homeport to Bremerton in January 2005, and once there, underwent an 11-month Docking Planned Incremental Availability (DPIA) 05/06 maintenance and yard overhail period, the first time she had been dry-docked since its 1995 commissioning.
Reflecting the reduced responsibilities while the ships were undergoing overhauls, Rear Admiral Clingan was succeeded by Captain Scott A. Berg in September 2005 as Commander Carrier Strike Group Three (COMCARSTKGRU 3). Rear Admiral Kevin M. Quinn subsequently relieved Captain Berg in November 2005.
2006 Operations.
Pre-deployment training.
"Stennis"s post-DPIA sea trials occurred between 12 December–17, 2005, and the carrier completed its post-overhaul flight deck operation certification on 8 February 2006. "Stennis" also completed its carrier qualifications (CQ) for Carrier Air Wing Nine (CVW-9) pilots in April 2006, and the ship passed its Board of Inspection and Survey (INSURV) certification on 21 April 2006. The carrier and CVW-9 began conducting cyclic flight operations off the coast of Southern California on 21 June 2006, and "Stennis" successfully completed a subsequent seven-week underway period on 18 July 2006, being declared surge ready for any unscheduled overseas deployment.
The warships of the group began pre-deployment training during composite training unit exercises (COMPTUEX) on 21 September 2006. DESRON-21 guided missile destroyers , , and joined the guided missile cruiser and the carrier "Vinson" in anti-submarine warfare (ASW) active/passive track training exercises. "O'Kane" practiced boarding and searching suspect vessels and fast attack craft/fast inshore attack craft countermeasure exercises. "Paul Hamilton" conducted visit, board, search and seizure (VBSS) team exercises as well Tomahawk land attack missile exercises (TLAMEX). "Stennis" and Carrier Air Wing Nine (CVW-9) completed surge flight operations certifications. Carrier Strike Group Three completed its COMPTUEX exercises on 12 October 2006.
Joint Task Force Exercise.
Carrier Strike Group Three (CARSTKGRU 3) departed Naval Air Station North Island to conduct its Joint Task Force Exercise (JTFEX) off the coast of Southern California on 8 November 2006. It consisted of the carrier "Stennis", Carrier Wing Nine; the guided missile cruiser "Antietam", the guided missile destroyers "O'Kane", "Paul Hamilton", and "Preble"; the nuclear attack submarine ;and the fast combat support ship . For this exercise, CARSTRKGRU 3 operated with Carrier Strike Group Seven which consists of the carrier ; the guided missile cruiser , and the guided missile destroyers and . The two carrier strike groups rendezvoused off the coast of Southern California to form Carrier Task Force 150 (CTF-150), which operated between 12 November–16, 2006, under the overall command of Rear Admiral Kevin M. Quinn, the commander of Carrier Strike Group Three. The group returned to Naval Base Kitsap, Bremerton, Washington, on 21 November 2006 after completing the exercise.
2007 Operations.
2007 WESTPAC Deployment.
"Stennis" departed from its homeport in Bremerton, Washington, on 16 January 2006, spent one day in port on-loading the air wing onto the carrier, and departed San Diego on 20 January 2006. The carrier strike group commander, Rear Admiral Kevin M. Quinn, outlined the objectives of the deployment:
The strike group returned to San Diego on 27 August 2007, and the carrier "John C. Stennis" returned to its homeport on 31 August 2007.
Seventh Fleet operations.
Carrier Strike Group Three (CARSTRGRU-3) entered the U.S. Seventh Fleet area of responsibility (AOR) on 31 January 2007. and the Guam Operating area (GOA) on 4 February 2007, where CARSTRGRU-3 conducted integrated strike group (ISG) training exercises between 6 February–8, 2007. This training included maritime interdiction operations (MIO); visit, board, search and seizure (VBSS); combat-simulated flight operations; and various live-fire surface exercises.
Fifth Fleet operations.
Carrier Strike Group Three arrived in the Northern Arabian Sea on 19 February 2007, and the group began providing combat air support for ground forces operating in Afghanistan as well as conducting Maritime Security Operations (MSO) in regional waters.
Carrier air operations.
The strike group joined the French carrier task group led by the nuclear carrier "Charles De Gaulle". Both carrier groups operated together through 16 April 2007. The group spent five months deployed to the U.S. Fifth Fleet area of responsibility. Carrier Air Wing 9 flew more than 7,900 sorties providing more than 22,000 flight hours and dropping nearly 90,000 pounds of ordnance in support of the International Security Assistance Force operating on the ground in Afghanistan and Iraq. Admiral Quinn commended the efforts of Carrier Air Wing 9:
During the 2007 WESTPAC deployment, Airborne Early Warning Squadron 112 (VAW-112) celebrated its 40th anniversary on 18 April 2007. Also, VFA-154 completed its first deployment with the FA-18F Super Hornet "(pictured)". Also, on 15 June 2007, the flight deck of USS "John C. Stennis" recorded its 100,000th arrested landing with the trap of an F/A-18F Super Hornet from the Strike Fighter Squadron 154 (VFA-154) flown by Commander Clark Troyer and Lt. John Young following a close-air-support mission over Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. Finally, Commander Muhammad Muzzafar F. Khan, the commanding officer of Sea Control Squadron 32 (VS-32), completed his 1,000th carrier arrested landing aboard on 4 August 2007 while transiting the Western Pacific Ocean en route to participate in Exercise Valiant Shield 2007.
The carrier strike group commander, Rear Admiral Kevin M. Quinn, noted the accomplishments of the 2007 deployment to the Fifth Fleet are of responsibility (AOR):
Maritime security operations.
DESRON-21 guided-missile destroyers and were primarily responsible for carrying out MSO, Maritime Interdiction Operations, and Visit, Board, Search and Seizure operations for the group during its 2007 MED deployment. DESRON-21 commodore Captain Michael Salvato noted:
Expeditionary strike force operations.
On 23 May 2007, the carrier "Stennis", along with eight other warships including the aircraft carrier and amphibious assault ship , passed through the Strait of Hormuz into the Persian Gulf "(pictured)". US Navy officials said it was the largest such move of warships since 2003. CARSTRKGRU 3 subsequently participated in Expeditionary Strike Force (ESF) training in the Fifth Fleet AOR while simultaneously providing close-air support to coalition ground forces in Iraq and Afghanistan. The ESF training brought together CARSTRKGRU 3, the "Nimitz" Carrier Strike Group, and "Bonhomme Richard" Expeditionary Strike Group to test their ability to plan and conduct multi-task force operations across a broad spectrum of naval disciplines.
Valiant Shield 2007.
Carrier Strike Group Three (CARSTRKGRU 3) participated in Exercise Valiant Shield 2007 off the coast of Guam between 7 August–14, 2007. The joint military exercise brought together more than 30 ships, including carrier strike groups led by the and ; 280 aircraft; and more than 20,000 service members from the U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Marine Corps, and U.S. Coast Guard. Valiant Shield 2007 tested the military's ability to rapidly bring together joint forces in response to any regional contingency while demonstrating the United States' commitment to ensuring peace and stability throughout the Asia-Pacific region. CARSTRKGRU 3 commander, Rear Admiral Kevin M. Quinn, noted:
Valiant Shield was the last operational portion of the group's 2007 deployment. The strike group sailed to the U.S. Third Fleet area of responsibility (AOR) and into Pearl Harbor on 20 August 2007.
Change of command.
On 2 September 2007, Rear Admiral M. Stewart O'Bryan assumed command of Carrier Strike Group Three, relieving Rear Admiral Kevin M. Quinn. Admiral Quinn's next assignment was as Commander, Naval Surface Forces Atlantic. A surface warfare officer (SWO), Admiral O'Bryan commanded the destroyer and Task Group 55.6 in the Red Sea during Operation Iraqi Freedom, and prior to taking command of Carrier Strike Group Three, he served as the chief of staff of the U.S. Sixth Fleet.
USS "John C. Stennis" maintenance cycle.
On 28 September 2007, the carrier "Stennis" began a six-month scheduled docking-planned incremental availability (DPIA) maintenance and yard overhaul period when the ship was shifted from its homeport pier at Naval Base Kitsap to a drydock at the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard and Intermediate Maintenance Facility (PSNS & IMF) in Bremerton, Washington.
2008 operations.
Pre-deployment training.
The carrier "Stennis" was underway for its post-refit sea trials between 24 March–28, 2008. The "Stennis" and Carrier Air Wing Nine (CVW-9) completed a two-month underway period on 30 June 2008, which included their Tailored Ship's Training Availability (TSTA) and the Final Evaluation Problem (FEP) training exercises. The group successfully completed a Composite Unit Training Exercise (COMPTUEX) off the coast of southern California on 5 November 2008. CARSTRKGRU 3 successfully completed its Joint Task Force Exercise (JTFEX) off the coast of Southern California on 16 November 2008.
Change of command.
Rear Admiral Mark A. Vance ("pictured") relieved Rear Admiral M. Stewart O'Bryan as the Commander Carrier Strike Group Three (COMCARSTKGRU 3) on 12 September 2008. Admiral O'Bryan's next assignment was as the director of Global Maritime Situational Awareness within the office of Chief of Naval Operations. A naval aviator, Admiral Vance commanded Carrier Air Wing Three during Operation Iraqi Freedom, and prior to becoming COMCARSTKGRU 3, he served as the served as associate director, Assessment Division (N81D) within the office of the Chief of Naval Operations.
2009 operations.
2009 WESTPAC deployment.
The nuclear-powered aircraft carrier depart its homeport of Bremerton, Washington, on 13 January 2009, and departed Naval Air Station North Island on 17 January 2009 after embarking Carrier Air Wing Nine (CVW-9).
Carrier Air Wing Nine (CVW-9) flew more than 7250 sorties, consisting of approximately 12,747 flight hours with a sortie completion rate of 97 percent during it 2009 WESTPAC deployment. Also, Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron 71 (HSM-71), a new component to Carrier Air Wing Nine (CVW-9), is the first squadron of its kind to embark on board a carrier as part of a carrier air wing "(pictured)". The squadron flew more than 4,690 hours with a 95 percent sortie completion rate and earned the right to fly the Enlisted Aviation Warfare Pennant. The highlight for the squadron occurred during the undersea warfare exercise (USWEX) when HSM-71 deployed multiple aircraft to simulate engagements with U.S. and Japanese submarines. The squadron kept three helicopters aloft throughout the entire four-day exercise for a total of 222 flight hours and conducted 28 simulated attacks on two U.S. and two Japanese submarines.
Carrier Strike Group Three completed its 2009 deployment after six months at sea, returning to Bremerton, Washington, on 10 July 2009.
Force composition.
Carrier Strike Group Three paid a scheduled port visit to Laem Chabang, Thailand, between 9 April–13, 2009.
Key Resolve/Foal Eagle 2009.
Carrier Strike Group Three participated in the Key Resolve/Foal Eagle 2009 (KR/FE 09) exercises ("pictured") which began on 28 February 2009. Key Resolve/Foal Eagle was held in the aftermath of the sinking of the ROK corvette "Cheonan" and the shelling of Yeonpyeong Island by North Korea.
This annual combined Field Training Exercise (FTX) was conducted between the Republic of Korea (ROK) and United States armed forces under the auspices of Combined Forces Command (CFC) within the Korean Theater of Operations (KTO). Approximately 12,800 U.S. and 200,000 South Korean troops participated in the exercise. Key Resolve was the computer-based simulation portion of the combined exercise, while Foal Eagle was the peninsula-wide training portion of the exercise. Key Resolve is scheduled to end 10 March, and Foal Eagle on 30 April.
During the exercise, the aircraft carrier was overflown by two Russian Ilyushin Il-38 maritime patrol aircraft on 16 March and two Tupolev Tu-95 long-range bombers on 17 March. In both incidents, the intruders were intercepted and escorted by F/A-18 Hornets until the Russian aircraft left the exercise area.
Northern Edge 2009.
Carrier Strike Group Three participated in Operation Northern Edge ("pictured") held between 15–26 June 2009. Strike group units consisted of carrier "John C. Stennis" ("pictured"), Carrier Air Wing Nine (CVW-9) and the guided-missile cruiser "Antietam".
Northern Edge was joint exercise provided real-world proficiency in detection and tracking of units at sea, in the air and on land and response to multiple crises, with approximately 9,000 U.S. active-duty and reserve-component military personnel participating. It was designed to be an air-centric exercise to train units in joint air operations tactics and command and control in a cost-effective and low-risk environment, with more than 200 aircraft from every branch of the U.S. military involved. Lt. General Dana T. Atkins, USAF, the commanding general of Alaskan Command and Eleventh Air Force, noted:
Northern Edge operations was conducted within the Joint Pacific Alaska Range Complex, which includes more than 60,000 square miles (155,399.29 square kilometers) of air space, and the Gulf of Alaska, which encompasses 50,000 square miles (129,499.40 square kilometers) of air space.
On 22 June 2009, during the Northern Edge exercise, Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin visited the "Stennis".
Change of command.
On 25 September 2009, Rear Admiral Joseph P. Aucoin relieved Rear Admiral Mark A. Vance as Commander, Carrier Strike Group Three (COMCARSTKGRU 3). Admiral Vance's next assignment was as Director, Programming Division (N80), office of the Chief of Naval Operations. A naval aviator, Admiral Aucoin had commanded Carrier Air Wing Five, and prior to becoming COMCARSTKGRU 3, he served as the deputy director, Air Warfare (N88B) within the office of the Chief of Naval Operations.
Sustainment training exercises.
Carrier Strike Group Three (COMSTRGRU 3) departed San Diego to begin a two-week sustainment exercise (SUSTAINEX) on 6 November 2009, operating for the first time since the end of its last Western Pacific (WESTPAC) deployment. The strike group consisted of the carrier ; Carrier Air Wing Nine; the guided-missile cruiser : and the guided-missile destroyers and . SUSTAINEX training maintained the strike group's operational proficiencies in order that the strike group can meet the U.S. Navy's need for available carrier presence in accordance with its Fleet Response Plan (FRP).

</doc>
<doc id="30976937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976937" title="TPAC">
TPAC

TPAC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30976946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30976946" title="Paul Davis (rugby league)">
Paul Davis (rugby league)

Paul Davis (born 12 March 1971) is an Australian former rugby league player who played professionally for the Balmain Tigers.
Playing career.
Davis played forty matches for the Balmain Tigers between 1992 and 1993.
In 1992 he represented the Australian Aboriginies side at the Pacific Cup.
Davis also played Group 2 Rugby League for Port Macquarie, Macksville and Dunghutti.
Later years.
Davis coached Dunghutti in 2008.
In 2009 his 15 year old son, Paul Davis-Welsh, was killed in a car crash. Davis-Welsh was a promising junior and had signed with the Gold Coast Titans under 16s. A memorial golf tournament was later set up in his name.
In 2009 Davis was named in the 2000-2009 Group 2 Team of the Decade.

</doc>
<doc id="30977006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977006" title="Gregory Euclide">
Gregory Euclide

Gregory Euclide (born 1974) is an American contemporary artist and teacher who currently lives and works outside of Minneapolis, Minnesota. Born in Cedarburg, Wisconsin, and raised there before moving to Minnesota, his rich natural surroundings fostered an interest in and connection to the environment that lasts to this day.
Education.
Gregory Euclide holds an M.F.A. (Master of Fine Arts) in Studio Art from the Minneapolis College of Art and Design, Minnesota (2008), a B.F.A. (Bachelor of Fine Arts) in Studio Art from the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh, Wisconsin (University Scholar, 1997), and a B.A.E. (Bachelors of Arts in Education) in Secondary Art Education (K-12) from the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh, Wisconsin (University Scholar, 1997).
Career.
Gregory Euclide creates sculptural relief works, paintings, and installations. His works are evocative, non-traditional mixed media assemblages which resemble landscape paintings but defy categorization. While Euclide's works explore ideas surrounding nature and the human experience, they remain void of the human figure; according to Euclide, "When you see a human figure you identify with the form, what they are doing, and that becomes the emphasis. By showing just the land without humans I'm able to show it as it is and what they've left behind." Euclide juxtaposes in his work naturally occurring, organic matter with artificial, man-made materials, some of which are found objects, and through the use of bent and shaped paper introduces three-dimensional topographical elements. Through his exploration of the landscape tradition, within both his self-contained works and largescale installations, by incorporating architectural elements Euclide reminds the viewer that though many people associate charming imagery such as barns and farm fields with nature, these structures and spaces are engineered, and even when looking at a remote pastoral scene, it is impossible to escape the human fingerprint. For the exhibition "Otherwordly: Artist Dioramas and Small Spectacles," which opened June 2011 at the Museum of Arts and Design in New York City, Euclide created a room-sized installation, a consuming 7×5 foot landscape painting in a gilded gold frame with several dioramas extending across the floor of the gallery. In 2009, Euclide did a large "capture" work with a 55 gallon drum taken from Clear Creek Canyon, a tourist destination near Denver, and displayed it at the David B. Smith Gallery with a life-sized guardrail representing a scenic pull-off. Works by Gregory Euclide have been exhibited at the Foothills Art Center in Golden, Colorado, the Pulse Art Fair in Miami, Florida, The Joseph Gross Gallery at the University of Arizona, Tucson, and the Minneapolis College of Art and Design as well a site-specific installation for the inauguration of the Denver Biennial of the Americas. 
In 2011, Euclide collaborated with the Justin Vernon of Bon Iver to create the band's acclaimed album artwork for their 2011 album "Bon Iver", winner of the Grammy for Best New Artist.
Euclide created beautiful detailed temporary ink designs on classroom dry erase boards, for relaxation during his 25 minute lunch break, while teaching high school students in the Minnesota River Valley, and then wiped them clean. He used classroom objects lying around including whiteboard erasers, paper towels, spray bottles, brushes and Japanese Sumi ink. He wanted to show his students the possible achievements that happen in a short space of time and the impermanence of existence. "In our culture, there is a strong emphasis on reproduction and the original seems less important. My students were shocked when I would erase the original, because they saw it firsthand, and they were disturbed that it was destroyed. People who do not see the original have no problem only looking at it on a screen or as a print, but once you see the original it is hard to let it go or believe that it could be destroyed." Euclide sees the concept of accepting impermanence to society’s impact on the natural world. When he casually wiped away his art creations, the students reacted with extreme dismay making Euclide decide to release a series of the temporary ephemeral artworks. 
"Laid Down & Wiped Away - a special edition of ten portfolios chronicling Mr Euclide’s experiments on his classroom whiteboard", will be available from July 10.
Collections.
Gregory Euclides work is featured in the collections of the Progressive Corporation (Mayfield Village, Ohio), Flint Institute of Arts (Flint, Michigan), Microsoft Corporation (Redmond, Washington), United States Embassy in Sarajevo, Wellington Management Company (Boston, Massachusetts), Dex Media (Denver, Colorado), Nordstrom (Seattle, Washington), and Health Partners (Minneapolis, Minnesota).
Exhibitions.
Selected solo exhibitions.
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
Selected group exhibitions.
2011
2010
2009
2008

</doc>
<doc id="30977017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977017" title="Historic bridges of New South Wales">
Historic bridges of New South Wales

This list documents historical bridges located in New South Wales, Australia. Road, rail and pedestrian bridges are listed.
Generally bridges built before WWII (1939) have been included in this list.
Historical context.
Bridge construction in New South Wales starts with the needs of the first settlers and continues through to the present day with advanced bridge design. The infant colony had limited expertise and limited materials, as time passed techniques and materials were developed that allowed greater spans to be crossed and therefore expansion of the colony into otherwise inaccessible areas.
The NSW Public Works Department was under pressure from a cash strapped government to produce as much road and bridge work for as little cost as possible. The cheapest bridge was the timber truss which could be built with local timber.
All bridges are unique, in the end the bridge that is built depends on the technology, expertise, materials and need to gain access to an area.
At the time of early settlement (1788 onwards) NSW was very isolated from the technological advances being developed in Europe and North America. Materials such as cast iron were unavailable to early colonial NSW bridge builders. NSW bridge builders had to rely on their own resourcefulness, bred of isolation, distance and the unique environment.
Australia's unusual environment results in unusual, and extreme river flows, almost no flow for some parts of the year and in extreme floods in other seasons. Early settlers sometimes built rudimentary structures in low rainfall seasons only to see the structures washed away in high rainfall times. With little funds available to the authorities the trend was to build light structures that could not stand the test of high and fast flowing water.
In solving these problems, colonial NSW embraced the innovations produced by others and adapted them successfully to the unique situations presented. There are examples of some very fine 19th-century bridge engineering provided for the railway expansion, conceived mainly by British engineers working in the then isolation of the Australian inland, and we have well-developed examples of many of the newer European techniques such as cable-stayed bridges.
Australia developed around coastal communities with rudimentary road systems to inland settlements. The early years saw early bridge technology limited very much to the 18th century European technology of masonry arches and cast iron, the latter still in its infancy and not produced to any great extent in New South Wales.
NSW at the time of early settlement had an abundance of convict labour and had a need for rapid construction. In a country heavily timbered this led to basic timber structure bridges but as the Colony gained stability the government looked towards more permanent structures and, as the skills for quarrying and stone dressing became available, masonry bridges began to be designed and built. As all metal materials had to be imported, iron bridges were rarely appropriate and were in any case still too novel for colonial application. Iron bridges were only used for major crossings on important corridors.
Timber truss bridges, and timber bridges generally were so common that NSW was known to travellers as the "timber bridge state".
The following list illustrates the development of New South Wales bridge construction techniques. The list commences from the earlier constructions through to the later developments.
New South Wales historic bridges.
"Sorted by date"
Allan type truss.
The Allan truss bridge is named after Percy Allan, a famous Australian engineer who designed this bridge type. His design consisted of vertical and diagonal arrangements comprising a combination of timber and iron elements. The timber elements were designed to be in compression and the iron elements in tension. Allen's design followed extensive testing of Australian hardwoods by Prof. Warren and his early engineering students at Sydney University. The timber used was mostly ironbark because of its high strength. Other features of Allan's truss design included design to minimize later maintenance and/or replacement of elements. For this reason the trusses were built in pairs to facilitate work on a particular element without requiring the whole bridge to be supported, as was the case with previous timber designs. Allan's design was very cost-effective.
The Hampden Bridge in New South Wales Australia was the first bridge to be built on Percy Allan’s design
Dare type truss.
Harvey Dare was a leading engineer in the Public Works Department, and a prominent figure in early 20th century NSW. He was a designer of bridges and he developed the Dare Truss which was similar to the Allan Truss but contained improvements which make them stronger and easier to maintain. This engineering enhancement represents a significant evolution of the design of timber truss bridges, and gives Dare trusses some technical significance. Dare Trusses were the fifth of the five stages of evolution of timber truss road bridges in NSW.
In 1998 there were 27 surviving Dare trusses in NSW of the 40 built, and 82 timber truss road bridges survive from the over 400 built.

</doc>
<doc id="30977031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977031" title="Benjamin Kruse (Minnesota politician)">
Benjamin Kruse (Minnesota politician)

Benjamin Allen Kruse (born April 1978) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 47, which includes portions of Anoka and Hennepin counties in the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Republican, he is a real estate agent with Coldwell Banker Burnet, based in Minnesota.
Kruse was first elected in 2010. He was a member of the Commerce and Consumer Protection, the Education, the Local Government and Elections, and the Transportation committees. His special legislative concerns were commerce, education, taxes, and public safety. Kruse was defeated in his 2012 bid for re-election, losing to John Hoffman.
Kruse was born and raised in Green Bay, Wisconsin, and moved to Minnesota to attend the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis. He eventually left college to work as a restaurant manager, and later became a real estate agent. He also worked for a time as a legislative assistant to State Representative Bob Gunther, who represents District 24A in the southern part of the state.
Active in his local business community, Kruse is a founding member of the North Hennepin Area Chamber of Commerce Government Relations Committee, and has been a member of the Minnesota Association of Realtors Government Affairs Committee, the Minneapolis Area Association of Realtors Public Affairs Task Force and Government Affairs Committee, the North Hennepin Area Chamber of Commerce, and the Coldwell Banker Burnet Presidents Advisory Council.
External links.
<br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="30977042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977042" title="Environmental issues in Russia">
Environmental issues in Russia

There are numerous environmental issues in Russia. Many of the issues have been attributed to policies during the Soviet Union, a time when officials felt that pollution control was an unnecessary hindrance to economic development and industrialization. As a result, 40% of Russia's territory began demonstrating symptoms of significant ecological stress by the 1990s, largely due to a diverse number of environmental issues, including deforestation, energy irresponsibility, pollution, and nuclear waste.
Issues.
Conservation.
Russia has many protected areas, such as zapovedniks and natural parks, which are made to preserve the natural state of environments. There are currently 101 zapovedniks that cover a total of over 33.5 million hectares. However, some animals, such as the Amur tiger, polar bear and Caucasian leopard, are facing extinction. The Russian government is attempting to revive those populations. A tiger summit was held in St. Petersburg in 2010 to discuss how to save the dwindling tiger population, which is threatened by deforestation and poaching in Russia.
Deforestation.
Extensive logging is causing the widespread deforestation of certain areas of Russia. Despite efforts of Russian authorities to preserve forests using nature reserves and parks, funding for park rangers is lacking, limiting the protection of forests. Illegal logging is also widespread, especially in the north-west and in the Far East parts of Russia. It is estimated that Russia loses $1 billion every year due to illegal logging. According to the Center for Russian Environmental Policy, 16 million hectares of forest are lost each year to a variety of causes, including logging, pollution and fires. Inefficient logging and clearcutting strategies result in 40% of harvested trees never being used, and the implementation of forest protection policies has been slow.
Energy.
Inefficient energy usage and the use of fossil fuels is another environmental issue that Russia faces. The Ministry of Fuels and Energy stated that upgrading energy sector equipment could cut carbon emissions by 25%, and the Energy Research Institute predicts that such measures could save up to $1 billion of fuel every year. 68% of Russia's energy is produced by polluting fossil fuels, and it is a large producer of those fuels.
Pollution.
Water pollution.
Water pollution is a serious problem in Russia, and 75% of surface water and 50% of all water in Russia is now polluted. This has caused health issues in many cities as well as in the countryside, as only 8% of wastewater is fully treated prior to being returned to waterways. Obsolete and inefficient water treatment facilities, as well as a lack of funding, have caused heavy pollution, and has also resulted in waterborne disease spread, such as an outbreak of cholera spread by the Moskva River in 1995. Industrial and chemical waste is often dumped into waterways, including hydrogen sulfide, which has been linked to the large-scale death of fish in the Black and Caspian seas. Lake Baikal was previously a target of environmental pollution from paper plants, but cleanup efforts since then have greatly reduced the ecological strain on the lake.
Air pollution.
Russia's air is among the most polluted in the world, although its quality has been improving since the 1990s. 43.8 million tons of pollutants were released into open air in 1993, of which 24.8 million came from industry and 19 million came from vehicles. Moscow, St. Petersburg, Yekaterinburg and Volgograd, as well as other major industrial and population centers, are the highest concentrations of air pollution. Overall, over 200 cities in Russia exceed pollution limits, and this is increasing as more vehicles appear on the roads. Before the 1990s, most air pollution came from industries. When industrial production declined, emissions of air pollutants from those sources also declined, although the amount of motor vehicles on the roads skyrocketed. Currently, vehicle emissions exceed industry emissions in most Russian cities. Air pollution is attributed to 17% of childhood and 10% of adult diseases, as well as 41% of respiratory and 16% of endocrine diseases.
Nuclear.
Nuclear energy is widely used in Russia, and there are currently 31 operating nuclear reactors. However, several of these, such as the one at the Kola NPP, are past their lifespan and have a higher probability of nuclear accidents. Instead of being decommissioned, they are still being used. The disposal of nuclear waste is also an issue, due to a lack of funding. Unsafe dumping methods are sometimes used to get rid of nuclear waste, which was dumped into the Sea of Japan until 1993. The Commission of Ecological Security, founded in 1994, helped bring the dumping of nuclear waste into ocean to the public's attention. It is estimated that bringing nuclear safety levels to official standards would cost $26 billion.
The testing and production of nuclear weapons also had an effect on the environment, such as at the Mayak nuclear weapons production plant near Chelyabinsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30977044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977044" title="Terrance Simien and the Zydeco Experience">
Terrance Simien and the Zydeco Experience

Terrance Simien and the Zydeco Experience is a Zydeco band from Louisiana led by Terrance Simien.
Awards.
Terrance Simien and the Zydeco Experience won a Grammy award for Best Zydeco or Cajun Music Album for their album "Live! Worldwide".

</doc>
<doc id="30977045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977045" title="Charles Drennan">
Charles Drennan

Charles Edward Drennan (born 23 August 1960 in Christchurch, New Zealand), a New Zealand bishop, is the Second Catholic Bishop of Palmerston North, serving since 2012.
Early life.
Drennan was raised by an Anglican father and a Catholic mother. He attended St Teresa's School (Riccarton), Kirkwood Intermediate School and Christ's College. At St Teresa's, the nine-year old Drennan was introduced by a teacher to the book "Promises to Keep" by Dr Tom Dooley about the Vietnam War. This book impressed Drennan, who was even then thinking of becoming a priest, with the notion of service. 
After finishing university he spent a three-year period travelling overseas and worked for a period in a Ryder-Chesire home in India for tuberculosis patients, special needs adults and children whose parents had leprosy. There he made the decision to become a Roman Catholic priest. He studied for the priesthood at Holy Cross Seminary, Mosgiel for two years before being sent by his bishop, John Meeking of Christchurch, to Rome to complete his training at the Pontifical Urbaniana University, as well as later undertaking postgraduate studies there.
Priesthood.
Drennan was ordained a priest in Rome for the Diocese of Christchurch on 14 June 1996. Drennan also became an Ascribed Rosminian - he belongs to the Institute of Charity (Rosminians) as a diocesan priest. He returned to New Zealand and served as a priest in the parishes of Hoon Hay and Timaru.
After his post-graduate study in Rome, he was on the staff of Holy Cross Seminary and Good Shepherd College in Auckland. He was then invited to work in the Vatican’s Secretariat of State where he spent seven years. His main role was writing speeches and talks for the Pope. Drennan's period there covered the final years of Pope John Paul II and the election and first four years of Pope Benedict XVI.
Drennan said that working at the Vatican was "intense, finely focused and hugely stimulating. I met some wonderful people there - priests and lay, working in the Vatican". At the request of Bishop Barry Jones, Drennan returned to Christchurch in 2010. Just before leaving the Vatican, he accompanied the Pope on a visit to the Czech Republic, during which they discussed the Church in New Zealand. In Christchurch, Drennan held the title of Monsignor and the position of Diocesan Chancellor of the Diocese of Christchurch. 
He also held the positions of Administrator of Blessed Sacrament Cathedral, Parish Priest of St Anne’s Parish, Woolston and chair of the Council of Priests.
Episcopacy.
Drennan was appointed as Coadjutor Bishop of Palmerston North by Pope Benedict XVI on 22 February 2011. He was ordained bishop on 11 June 2011 in the Cathedral of the Holy Spirit, Palmerston North. His Principal Consecrator was his predecessor, Bishop Peter Cullinane of Palmerston North and the Principal Co-Consecrators were Bishop Barry Philip Jones of Christchurch and Archbishop Mark Coleridge of Canberra-Goulburn Archdiocese. Drennan succeeded to the see on 22 February 2012, following the retirement of Peter Cullinane. His liturgical installation took place at the Cathedral of the Holy Spirit on 17 March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30977065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977065" title="2009–10 St. John's Red Storm men's basketball team">
2009–10 St. John's Red Storm men's basketball team

The 2009–10 St. John's Red Storm men's basketball team represented St. John's University during the 2009–10 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was coached by Norm Roberts in his sixth year at the school. St. John's home games are played at Carnesecca Arena and Madison Square Garden and the team is a member of the Big East Conference.
On March 30, 2010, Steve Lavin was announced as the team's new head coach, replacing Norm Roberts, who was fired after six seasons as head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="30977072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977072" title="Benjamin Kruse">
Benjamin Kruse

Benjamin Kruse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30977084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977084" title="Nick Parker (journalist)">
Nick Parker (journalist)

Nick Parker, an English journalist, is the chief foreign correspondent for the British newspaper "The Sun".
In February 2012, Parker was reported to be one of eight people arrested as part of the Operation Elveden investigation into alleged bribes to police and civil servants.
On 18 October 2013, Parker was charged with receiving stolen goods and unauthorised access to computer material and will appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on 6 November 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="30977117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977117" title="Visteon Dockable Entertainment">
Visteon Dockable Entertainment

The Visteon Dockable Entertainment System (officially referred to as "Dockable Entertainment featuring Game Boy Advance") is a portable DVD player created by Visteon in July 2006 for the US market at an MSRP of $1299 USD. The player is notable for containing officially licensed Game Boy Advance hardware, as Visteon partnered with Nintendo to announce the product at CES 2006.
The device was not sold at general retailers, but rather sold at car dealerships in combination of a roof docking head mount for installation, or already equipped in select models of certain vehicles.
Hardware specifications.
Alongside this, the player came with a wireless game controller, a set of wireless headphones, a remote control, and compatibility with MP3 and WMA CD files.

</doc>
<doc id="30977197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977197" title="Lotte no Omocha!">
Lotte no Omocha!

Plot.
In the medieval fantasy world of Álfheimr, succubus princess Astarotte Ygvar, the first princess of the kingdom of , has just reached the age of 10. 10 years old is a special age for a young succubus, as it is when they are traditionally expected to form a male harem.
In order to maintain their body and preserve their beautiful appearance, Succubi who have undergone puberty must consume male essence, much like how a vampire must consume blood. Initially a mere kiss will suffice, however as Succubi mature into young adults they eventually need to consume a liquid called "sáðfryma," better known as semen, to sustain themselves. The harems they form ensure a steady and safe supply of the liquid.
The princess, however, bears a great dislike against men, and only agrees to create a harem if a human male is to join, as humans are said to be extinct. However her followers are somehow able to find a human male named Naoya Tohara who, along with his daughter Asuha, is brought to the monster realm to be part of Astarotte's harem.
Media.
Manga.
The original manga by Yui Haga began serialization in "Dengeki Maoh" magazine from July 2007.
Video games.
Lotte appears in "" as the cameo character for the spell, Omega Ice.
Anime.
An anime adaptation under the title "Astarotte no Omoccha" began airing on Chiba TV and tvk on April 10, 2011, with subsequent broadcasts on Sun Television, TV Saitama, Tokyo MX, KBS Kyoto, TV Aichi, Nico Nico Channel, Bandai Channel, and AT-X. Produced by Diomedéa, the series is directed by Fumitoshi Oizaki, series composition by Deko Akao, music by Twinpower, character design by Mai Otsuka, and produced by Gorō Shinjuku, Jun Fukuda, Naoki Iijima, Takashi Kikuya and Tatsuya Ishiguro, respectively. An OVA episode was released on August 26, 2011. The opening theme is by Aimi, and the ending theme is by Azusa.
The anime adaption provided some changes, for example introducing Lotte's classmates far earlier in the storyline, and adding a subplot about Lotte gaining a magical tattoo on her back revealing she is about to undergo puberty. These plot elements were later added to the manga.

</doc>
<doc id="30977262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977262" title="Michelle Benson">
Michelle Benson

Michelle R. Benson (born September 11, 1968) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, she represents District 31, which includes portions of Anoka, Isanti and Sherburne counties in the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area. She is a Certified Public Accountant.
Early life, education, and career.
Raised on a farm in Murdock, Benson graduated from St. Catherine University in Saint Paul, receiving her B.A. in chemistry. She later attended the University of St. Thomas, earning her M.B.A. She worked as an auditor and consultant at Deloitte & Touche, and currently works as the executive director of the Upper Midwest Security Alliance.
Minnesota Senate.
Benson was first elected in 2010 and was re-elected in 2012.
Personal life.
Active in her community, Benson has been a Boy Scout and cub scout leader, and a board member, treasurer, secretary and administrator for The Way of the Shepherd Montessori School. She is a member of the North Metro Chamber of Commerce, the Minnesota Society of Certified Public Accountants, the National Federation of Independent Businesses, and the National Rifle Association.

</doc>
<doc id="30977268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977268" title="Sodium ethyl xanthate">
Sodium ethyl xanthate

Sodium ethyl xanthate (SEX) is an organosulfur compound with the chemical formula CH3CH2OCS2Na. It is a pale yellow powder, which characteristically hydrolyzes to release malodorous products. Sodium ethyl xanthate is predominantly used in the mining industry as a flotation agent.
Production.
Xanthates are prepared by the action of alcohols on carbon disulfide:
Properties.
Sodium ethyl xanthate is a pale yellow powder. It is relatively stable at high pH and rapidly hydrolyses at pH <9 at 25 °C. It is the conjugate base of the unknown strong acid with p"K"a of 1.6 and p"K"b estimated as 12.4 for the conjugate base. Sodium ethyl xanthate easily adsorbs on the surface of solid sulfides. 
Decomposition in water.
Sodium ethyl xanthate decomposes in water increases with decreasing pH and with increasing temperature. Three pathways are proposed:
A. Dissociation into xanthic acid and then to carbon disulfide and alcohol.
B. Oxidation to dixanthogen. 
C. Hydrolytic decomposition
Reactions A and B are minor and require acidic conditions. Reaction C proceeds in neutral or alkaline pH and is self-accelerating, as it is catalysed by the alcohol formed as a product. Its rate increases with concentration of the reagents and with temperature, from 1.1%/day at 20 °C to 4.6%/day at 40 °C for a 10% solution at pH=10. A decrease in pH from 10 to 6.5 increases the decomposition rate from 1.1%/day to 16%/day. Decomposition is also accelerated by the presence of metals, such as copper, iron, lead or zinc, which act as a catalyst.
Detection.
Sodium ethyl xanthate can be identified through optical absorption peaks in the infrared (1179, 1160, 1115, 1085 cm−1) and ultraviolet (300 nm) ranges. There are at least six chemical detection methods: 
Sodium ethyl xanthate can also be quantified using gravimetry, by weighing the lead xanthate residue obtained after reacting SEX with 10% solution of lead nitrate. There are also several electrochemical detection methods, which can be combined with some of the above chemical techniques.
Applications.
Sodium ethyl xanthate is predominantly used in the mining industry as flotation agent for recovery of metals, such as copper, nickel, silver or gold, as well as solid metal sulfides or oxides from ore slurries. This application has been introduced by Cornelius H. Keller in 1925. Other applications include defoliant, herbicide and an additive to rubber to protect it against oxygen and ozone.
The mechanism of flotation enhancement is as follows. The polar part of xanthate molecule attaches to the ore particles with the non-polar hydrocarbon part sticking out and forming a hydrophobic layer. Then the particles are brought to the water surface by air bubbles. Only a small amount of about 300 g/tonne of ore is required for efficient separation. The efficiency of the hydrophobic action increases, but the selectivity to ore type decreases with increasing length of the hydrocarbon chain in xanthates. The chain is shortest in sodium ethyl xanthate that makes it highly selective to copper, nickel, lead, gold and zinc ores. Aqueous solutions (10%) with pH=7–11 are normally used in the process.
In 2000, Australia produced up to 10,000 tonnes of sodium ethyl xanthate and imported about 6,000 tonnes, mostly from China. The material produced in Australia is the so-called 'liquid sodium ethyl xanthate' that refers to a 40% aqueous solution of the solid. It is obtained by reacting carbon disulfide with sodium hydroxide and ethanol in a closed process. Its density is 1.2 g/cm3 and the freezing point is −6 °C.
Other applications include defoliants and herbicides and as an additive to rubber to protect it against oxygen and ozone.
Safety.
Sodium ethyl xanthate has moderate oral and dermal toxicity in animals and is irritating to eyes and skin. It is especially toxic to aquatic life and therefore its disposal is strictly controlled. Median lethal dose for (male albino mice, oral, 10% solution at pH~11) is 730 mg/kg of body weight, with most deaths occurring in the first day. The most affected organs were the central nervous system, liver and spleen. 
Since 1993, sodium ethyl xanthate is classified as a Priority Existing Chemical in Australia, meaning that its manufacture, handling, storage, use or disposal may result in adverse health or environment effects. This decision was justified by the widespread use of the chemical in industry and its decomposition to the toxic and flammable carbon disulfide gas. From two examples of sodium ethyl xanthate spillage in Australia, one resulted in evacuation of 100 people and hospitalization of 6 workers who were exposed to the fumes. In another accident, residents of the spillage area complained of headache, dizziness and nausea. Consequently, during high-risk sodium ethyl xanthate handling operations, workers are required by the Australian regulations to be equipped with protective clothing, anti-static gloves, boots and full-face respirators or self-contained breathing apparatus.

</doc>
<doc id="30977281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977281" title="Cheilymenia fimicola">
Cheilymenia fimicola

Cheilymenia fimicola is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae.
This is a common European species appearing throughout the year as orange discs up to 5 mm in diameter, singly or clustered on dung, usually from cows.

</doc>
<doc id="30977292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977292" title="Croatian Museum of Naïve Art">
Croatian Museum of Naïve Art

The Croatian Museum of Naïve Art () is a fine art museum in Zagreb, Croatia dedicated to the work of naïve artists of the 20th century. The museum holdings consist of over 1,850 works of art - paintings, sculptures, drawings and prints, mainly by Croatians but also by other well-known international artists in the genre.
From time to time, the museum organizes topics and retrospective exhibitions by naïve artists, expert meetings and educational workshops and playrooms.
The museum is located on the first floor of the 18th-century Raffay Palace, 350 square meters in size, in the Gornji Grad at Sv. Ćirila i Metoda 3.
History.
On November 1, 1952, the Peasant Art Gallery () was founded in Zagreb. By 1956 it was known as the Gallery of Primitive Art (), and was then part of the Zagreb Municipal Galleries (today the Museum of Contemporary Art, Zagreb). Since 1994, in line with a decision by the Croatian Parliament, its title has been the Croatian Museum of Naive Art. From the very beginning the establishment was organized and run according to strict museological principles, and is deemed to be the world's first museum of naive art. According to the Croatian Ministry of Culture, those principles include: systematic collection, preservation, restoration, conservation, presentation and permanent protection of museum objects from the jurisdiction of the museum.
Since 1997, the museum has undertaken many pedagogical ventures. Since 2002, the museum has concentrated on outreach to schools and the student public and intensified teaching each year in the period just before international museum day, May 18. For this day, the museum organizes educational exhibitions, workshops and brochures geared toward younger audiences in order to educate and increase museum visitation.
Naïve Art in Croatia.
Naïve, or primitive art is a distinct segment of the art of the 20th century. In Croatia, naive art was at first connected with the works of peasants and working men, ordinary men and women, of whom the most successful, over the course of time, became professional artists. Naive art assumes the work of artists who are more or less self-taught, painters and sculptors with no formal art training, but who have achieved their own creative style and a high level of art. An identifiably individual style and poetic nature distinguishes the Naive from other "amateur" painters and sculptors, and from the general self-taught artist. The view of a Naive artist will usually display unusual proportions and perspective, and certain illogicalities of form and space. Such characteristics are the expression of a free creative imagination, in a similar way to other 20th-century art movements such as Symbolism, Expressionism, Cubism, and Surrealism.
In Croatia, Naive art is also seen as a democratic movement, as the movement proves anyone can create worthwhile art regardless of formal training. Within these art forms various the emotive qualities of works are often more visible than any reigning form of logic or reason. Common themes include: "the joy of life," "forgotten nature," "lost childhood," and "wonder at the world." However, Naive art does not only reflect positive aspects of life, and dark and tragic themes can also be found within the genre.
Naive art first appeared in Croatia at the beginning of the 1930s when the Zagreb Art Pavilion showcased an exhibition of the artists' association entitled Country or Zemjla on 13 September 1931. Of the artists exhibited, two particularly stood out: Ivan Generalić who showed three drawings and nine watercolors and Franjo Mraz who exhibited three watercolors. The artists sought to show that talent does not only reside in certain social classes or privilege and started the association with naive art and paintings of villages or by artists from the countryside rather than cities. Themes in Croatian naive art branched out in the 1950s from villages to "personal classics," which included architectural monuments and objects and opened a period known as "modern primitive art."
Collections.
The Croatian Museum of Naive Art holds more than 1,850 works of art – paintings, sculptures, drawings and prints. Of those, around 80 pieces are on display, ranging from the early 1930s to the 1980s. The focus is on Croatian artists – of the celebrated Hlebine School, and a few of the more highly valued independent artists. In addition, artworks of significant artists of other nations are also on show.
The collection features early masters of the Hlebine school, with works starting from the 1930s. The renowned Ivan Generalić was among the first of the naive painters in Croatia to develop a distinctive creative style, and achieve a high professional standard in his art. Other artists from the first generation of the Hlebine school include Franjo Mraz a contemporary of Generalić, and Mirko Virius, who came a few years later. The stone sculptures of Lavoslav Torti, and those in wood of Petar Smajić are the first examples of Croatian naive sculpture.
During the 1930s, social issues dominated, and rural realism is reflected in the early subjects and gritty styles. Later work shows a more idealised landscape that owes more to the imagination than the outdoor scenery. The work of the second generation of Hlebine School artists, such as Ivan Večenaj, and Mijo Kovačić date from the 1950s and 60s, and include burlesque and grotesque figures, as well as works inspired by Biblical topics, with a strong use of colour. The painter Ivan Lacković Croata, known for twilight scenes and distinctive, melancholic elongated landscapes, is considered one of the most brilliant and remarkable draughtsmen in naive art.
The collection also includes the work of independent artists such as Ivan Rabuzin who by the end of the 1950s—1960s was creating works of lyricism with systematic abstraction and stylisation. Emerik Feješ work is an example of urban Naive, with themes of exclusively city scenes and architecture characterized by geometrical composition and vivid, expressive use of colour. Matija Skurjeni, another distinguished artist created fantasy works with lyrical landscapes with powerful distortions.
Artists represented in the permanent collection include:
Croatian artists
Artists from other countries
Special Exhibitions.
The Museum organises special themed exhibits focusing on individual artists, or to highlight specific aspects of naive art. Recent such exhibits have included "Foreign Masters in the Collection", "Unknown Skurjeni", and "Ivan Lacković / Artistic Eksperiments".
In addition to themed exhibits in the museum, touring exhibits are arranged to other places within Croatia, and abroad in order to reach out to a wider audience. Artwork from the museum's holdings have recently been on exhibit in Japan (2006), Italy (2002), USA (2000), and Slovakia (2000). It is estimated that over 200,000 visitors saw these international shows.

</doc>
<doc id="30977293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977293" title="Italian protectorate over Albania">
Italian protectorate over Albania

The Italian protectorate over Albania was established by the Kingdom of Italy during World War I in an effort to secure a "de jure" independent Albania under Italian control. It existed from June 23, 1917 until the summer of 1920.
History.
The Kingdom of Italy occupied the port of Vlorë on December 1914 and the region of southern Albania in the autumn 1916, while the French army occupied Korçë and its surrounding areas on November 29, 1916. The Italian (in Gjirokastër) and French forces (in Korçë), according mainly to the development of the Balkan Front, entered the area of former Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus (controlled by the Greek minority) in autumn 1916, after approval of the Triple Entente.
The establishment of the Autonomous Albanian Republic of Korçë was done on December 10, 1916 by French authorities with a protocol, according to which an autonomous province would be established on the territories of Korçë, Bilishti, Kolonja, Opar and Gora in eastern Albania.
On December 12, 1916, Italy asked for explanations from the Quai d'Orsay, through its ambassador, because the establishment of the Autonomous Albanian Republic of Korçë violated the Treaty of London. Austria-Hungary used French precedent in Korçë to justify the proclamation of independence of Albania under its protectorate on January 3, 1917 in Shkodra. 
The Kingdom of Italy did the same when proclaiming independence of Albania under its protectorate on June 23, 1917 in Gjirokastra. General Ferrero proclaimed on that day the Italian Protectorate and the next weeks occupied Ioannina in Epirus. Neither Great Britain nor France had been consulted beforehand, and they did not give any official recognition to the Italian Protectorate.
This Albanian republic under the leadership of Turhan Përmeti, protected by 100,000 soldiers of the Italian Army, adopted officially a red flag with a black eagle in the middle, but raised a storm of protests even in the Italian Parliament 
In autumn 1918, the Italians expanded their Protectorate (without adding anything officially to Albania) to areas of northern Greece (around Kastoria) and western Macedonia (around Bitola), conquered from the Bulgarians and Ottomans. On September 25 the Italian 35 Division reached and occupied Krusevo deep inside western Macedonia.
In October 1918, the Italian "XVI Corpo d' Armata" (nearly four divisions, with even 2 Albanian volunteers battalions) conquered all north-central Albania from the Austrians: on 10/14 Durres, the next day Tirane and on 10/31 Scutari; finally on November 3 even Ulcinj and Bar in actual coastal Montenegro.
In November 1918, when World War I finished, nearly all what is now contemporary Albania was under the Italian Protectorate, after the French expedition withdrawal from the Korce area (France "officially" put an end to the Autonomous Albanian Republic of Korçë on December 10, 1918).
Since then and for nearly two years until summer 1920 the Italian Protectorate over Albania was administered by the Italian government: in a country that lacked nearly everything after centuries of Ottoman rule, were built 546 km of new roads, 110 km of new railroads, 3000 km of telegraph lines, 9 teleferics, a few hospitals and some modern administrative buildings.
After World War I.
A delegation sent by a postwar "Albanian National Assembly" that met at Durrës in December 1918 defended Albanian interests at the Paris Peace Conference, but the conference denied Albania official representation. The National Assembly, anxious to keep Albania intact, expressed willingness to accept Italian protection and even an Italian prince as a ruler so long as it would mean Albania did not lose territory. 
But in January 1920, at the Paris Peace Conference, negotiators from France, Britain, Italy and Greece agreed to divide Albania among Yugoslavia, Italy, and Greece as a diplomatic expedient aimed at finding a compromise solution to the territorial conflict between Italy and Yugoslavia. The deal (with the Valona territory and areas of south-central Albania given to Italy) was done behind the Albanians' backs and in the absence of a United States negotiator.
This deal created huge anti-Italian resentment between many Albanians and in May 1920 the Italians (even because of demobilisation of their troops after World War I ended) withdrew to some important cities (Durazzo, Scutari, Tirane, Valona, Tepelani and Clisura) and their surrounding areas: successively were forced to fight the Vlora war. The revolutionary movements in Italy made the presence of the last 20,000 soldiers of the Italian Army in Albania basically impossible. 
On August 2, 1920 the Albanian-Italian protocol was signed, upon which Italy retreated from Albania (maintaining only the island of Saseno). This put an end to Italian claims for Vlora and for a mandate over Albania, rescuing the territory of the Albanian state from further partition. 
The desire to compensate for this retreat would be one of Benito Mussolini's main motives in invading Albania in 1939 

</doc>
<doc id="30977295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977295" title="Tootsie's Orchid Lounge">
Tootsie's Orchid Lounge

Tootsie's Orchid Lounge (also known as Tootsie's World Famous Orchid Lounge) is a Honky Tonk bar located in Nashville, Tennessee behind the Ryman Auditorium. Tootsie's has two stages that host live local talent each night; covering modern day country music artist such as Jason Aldean, Taylor Swift, and other popular country music artists as well as original work. Some of its early famous first customers were Willie Nelson, Patsy Cline, Mel Tillis, Kris Kristofferson, Waylon Jennings, Roger Miller and numerous others country musicians. According to www.tootsies.net, Willie Nelson received his first songwriting gig after singing at Tootsie's. Terri Clark a Canadian-born country artist started singing at Tootsie's in 1987. and has since become an internationally known country superstar with hits such as Better Things to Do, and the Warren Zevon cover, Poor Poor Pitiful Me.
Originally named Mom's, Tootsie Bess bought the future honky tonk in 1960. The name however, came later when to her surprise a painter painted the lounge purple. Subsequently, the name was changed to Tootsie's Orchid Lounge and to date, the exterior of the lounge is still painted the same color. Tootsie was known to slip 5's and 10's into the pockets of luckless writers and pickers. It was said she had a cigar box behind the counter full of IOU's from where she had given drinks and food to hungry writers and pickers. Supposedly, at each year's end, a bunch of Opry Performers would take all the IOU's and pay Tootsie so she wouldn't lose the money. At her funeral were Tom T. Hall, Roy Acuff and Faron Young. She was buried in an Orchid gown, with an orchid placed in the orchid colored casket, so she could take her favorite flower to heaven. Connie Smith sang some of Tootsie's favorite hymns at the funeral.
On November 7, 2010, Tootsie's celebrated its 50th Anniversary with performances at the Ryman Auditorium from Kris Kristofferson, Terri Clark, Little Jimmy Dickens, Mel Tillis, Jamey Johnson, and Joanna Smith.
Tootsie's Wall of Fame.
Plastered throughout the venue are pictures and memorabilia of past and present individuals that have influenced country music. There are many pictures of Country Music artists, publicity stills of the greats, the hopefuls and never-wills who came to Music City chasing dreams. Some of the pictures include the likes of Hank Williams Sr, Patsy Cline, and Willie Nelson.
Tootsie's Orchid Lounge: Where the Music Began.
Tootsie's Orchid Lounge: Where the Music Began was released is a 60 minute Biographical Documentary video originally released July 1995 and re-released in 2005. Willie Nelson gives insight into Tootsie's early days with interviews of Jimmy Dean and Jim Reeves. Offering insight into a favored spot for some of the biggest names in country music, who would stop in to meet their friends, enjoy a drink, and swap a few songs. Included in the documentary is archived footage of Patsy Cline, Harlan Howard, Roger Miller and performances by Dolly Parton, Aaron Neville, Marijohn Wilkin as well as newer country artists Trisha Yearwood, Billy Ray Cyrus, Marty Stuart, Tanya Tucker, Ray Price, Bobby Bare.

</doc>
<doc id="30977327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977327" title="St. Anthony of Padua Church (New Bedford, Massachusetts)">
St. Anthony of Padua Church (New Bedford, Massachusetts)

St. Anthony of Padua is a Roman Catholic church in New Bedford, Massachusetts, part of the Diocese of Fall River.
History.
St. Anthony of Padua was founded in 1895 to serve the needs of French Canadian Catholics who lived in the North End of New Bedford. The new parish was under the care of first pastor, Fr. Hormisdas Deslauriers (1861–1916), an energetic leader who would have great influence on the parishes future development. The first mass was celebrated on Oct 6th 1895 at ‘’North Union Hall’’ on Bullock Street. Shortly thereafter a two story wood frame church was dedicated on March 8, 1896.
Building.
The present Romanesque style church was begun in 1902 when the parish acquired plans from Canadian architect Joseph Venne of Montreal. The cornerstone for the new building was laid on June 1904 and work began on shortly thereafter. On September 20, 1904 several construction workers were seriously injured and one killed when a 50 foot wall collapsed at the construction site.
After the accident the original contractor, Michael J. Houlihan of Providence, Rhode Island, withdrew from the project and noted Fall River architect Louis G. Destremps was brought in as supervising architect. The church exterior was completed in December 1905 and the lower church was available for masses by 1908. The upper portion of the church, though not yet ready for religious service was opened for public viewing on January 17, 1909. The period of 1909-1912 was largely taken up by extensive interior decoration and the installation of a large Casavant pipe organ. The finished church was formally dedicated on November 28, 1912.
The exterior is of red sandstone from East Longmeadow, Massachusetts. The spire is 256 feet high, the third tallest in New England. The Cathedral of Saint Joseph of Hartford, Connecticut is the tallest in New England. The Memorial Church of Harvard University in Cambridge is the tallest in Massachusetts. The building is 241 feet long and 80 feet wide (135 feet wide at the transept). It seats 2,000 worshipers and several thousand more standing. The outline of the church can be seen for miles around and dominates the skyline of North New Bedford.
The work of John Castagnoli (1908-1912).
Much of the interior decoration was accomplished between 1908 and 1912 by Italian sculptor John Castagnoli (1863–1914), Castagnoli was born in Borgo Val di Taro Italy, near Parma, and studied in Florence. Other examples of his work can be found in various churches in Canada, a cathedral Berlin, New Hampshire, Notre Dame Church and Blessed Sacrament Church, both in Fall River, Massachusetts.
One of Castagnoli's most significant contributions was the design of 32 enormous angel statues some of which are 20 feet tall. These statues are located throughout the church. The faces of the angels come from parishioners of St. Anthony Church.
Joseph Venne.
Joseph Venne was an important Canadian architect of the late 19th early 20th century who designed many important buildings in his native country and was active in the establishment of the first Institute of architects in Canada. He also designed three large and important catholic churches in the United States. The first of these is St. Anthony, New Bedford. He would later design the Notre Dame Church of Southbridge, Massachusetts, also for a French congregation. Notre Dame is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. He also designed a church in Adams, Massachusetts.
The 1952 renovation by Guido Nicheri.
In 1952 an extensive renovation of the church was conducted under the direction of Italian architect and artist Guido Nincheri who was living in Rhode Island at the time. The original pulpit, which had been designed by Castagnoli was replaced with one designed by Nincheri and built by the
Del Bono Arte Del Marno company of Italy. Nincheri also added several stained glass windows and paintings of each of the four evangelists.
The 1990s and Fr. Edmond Levesque.
By 1990 the once grand church had fallen on hard times. In 1991 Bishop Daniel A. Cronin appointed Fr. Edmond R. Levesque pastor of the beleaguered church telling him at the time that unless Father Levesque could reverse the pattern of decline, that St. Anthony Church would have to be closed. Over the next several yeart Fr. Leveque, with the aid of his housekeeper Patricia DeAndrade, was able to restore the church to its former grandeur and revitalize the parish community.
Casavant Organ.
St. Anthony of Padua church is home to a large 4 manual pipe organ built in 1912 by Casavant Frères of Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, as their Opus 489. The organ enjoys an especially favorable placement in the church being installed in the unusual second balcony some 70 feet above the floor. It was dedicated on September 12, 1912. Famous Belgian organist Gaston Dethier performed the dedicatory recital.
This instrument remains essentially intact, and was partially restored in 2005 by Daniel Lemieux & Associates. In recent years the church has sponsored a series of recitals on this instrument and it has been used for the commercial recording "Pipes and Angels".

</doc>
<doc id="30977328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977328" title="St Peter's Catholic High School">
St Peter's Catholic High School

St. Peter's Catholic High School in the Orrell, area of Wigan, Greater Manchester, caters for students from the ages of 11 to 16. It is one of the few Catholic comprehensive schools in the Wigan area.
Mission Statement.
Our mission at St. Peter's Catholic High School is to be legend... wait for it. Be a LEARNING and SERVING community enriched through FRIENDSHIP and CHRISTIAN FAITH...Dary, LEGANDARY
History.
St Peter’s Catholic High School was formed in 1960 by Professor Charles Xavier as a school for gifted mutants. It is also believed to be the inspiration of Harry Potter by JK Rowling

</doc>
<doc id="30977373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977373" title="Task Force on Childhood Obesity">
Task Force on Childhood Obesity

The Childhood Obesity Task Force is a United States Government task force charged with reducing childhood obesity in the United States. It was founded on February 9, 2010 by the Obama Administration through a Presidential Memorandum, announcing the establishment of a Task Force on Childhood Obesity. The Task Force aims to develop a plan to reduce childhood obesity. In the announcement, President Barack Obama highlighted the statistics on childhood obesity in the United States and outlined the steps that this new task force would be taking to end childhood obesity. Section 1 of the Memorandum states:
"There is established a Task Force on Childhood Obesity (Task Force) to develop an interagency action plan to solve the problem of obesity among our Nation's children within a generation. The Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy shall serve as Chair of the Task Force."
The task force is designed to support the Administration's "Let's Move" initiative, first announced by Michelle Obama in February 2010. The Let's Move initiative is similar to the task force, except it focuses on involving more partners in the cause to reduce childhood obesity than just the United States Government.
Goals.
The goals of the Childhood Obesity Task Force were outlined by First Lady Michelle Obama in the Task Force Action Plan. The plan includes five goals which are supported by 70 specific recommendations. 
This first goal includes recommendation for getting good prenatal care for mothers, support for breastfeeding, adherence to limits on screen time, and childcare with nutritious food and opportunities for children to be physically active. Goals were set in order to increase the amount of fruits that children eat to 75% of the recommended level by the year 2015, with an 85% increase by 2020, then 100% in the year 2030. Other plans included using the same scale to increase vegetable consumption in children and to decrease amounts of added sugar to many products.
The second goal of the Task Force is to educate parents and caregivers with easier to read nutritional labels and food menus which adhere to the latest Dietary Guidelines for Americans. Improved health care services and testing to include Body Mass Index measurement for children is also part of this goal. This goal also aims to reduce the marketing of unhealthy food to children. Michelle Obama said that by the year 2012, all primary care physicians should be measuring BMI index for children.
The fight for this particular goal has been referenced in Jamie Oliver’s “Food Revolution” television series. This goal aims for federally supported schools to begin serving healthy options to children, and to upgrade the nutritional quality of the food sold in schools. Nutrition education is also part of this goal. The Task Force recommends updating the nutritional standards in schools and "improving the nutritional quality of USDA commodities given to schools." It also recommends asking food companies to come up with new products and reformulate existing ones in food so that they meet nutritional standards based on Dietary Guidelines and are appealing to children. 
Lowering prices on healthy foods, developing or re-formulating food products to be healthier, and eliminating “food deserts” (urban and rural areas with a shortage of grocery stores) in America are all part of this goal. The Deputy Secretary of Agriculture Kathleen Merrigan said that lack of access to healthy food leads to hunger, which subsequently leads to obesity, so this goal is trying to fix the root of the problem by making healthy options more available and affordable. The Task Force Report said that over the past 30 years, the prices for fruits and vegetables have increased nearly twice as fast as the price of carbonated drinks. The high price of fruits and vegetables can reduce consumers' ability to buy such healthy foods. "The Task Force recommends providing economic incentives to increase production of healthy foods, as well as create greater access to local and healthy food." 
The Task Force recommends physical education and recess along with after school physical activities to be available for all children. This goal also focuses on improving access to parks, playgrounds and indoor and outdoor recreational activities for children. The Task Force report recommends that children and adolescents get at least 60 minutes of exercise daily.
Members.
The members of the Task Force were outlined in the Presidential Memorandum. The following are the members of the Task Force as announced by President Obama outlined in the memorandum:
Additionally, Michelle Obama, the first lady of the United States, as well as various members of the administration, including Melody Barnes, Barack Obama's domestic council, participate in the Task Force. 
Reception.
In a May 2010 USA Today article, childhood obesity specialists praised the recommendations that the Task Force released. A director of nutrition policy for the Center for Science in the Public Interest said, "It's very comprehensive with lots of detailed recommendations that could make a real dent in childhood obesity. It lays out the steps that the federal government, schools, parents and food companies can take. These are not pie-in-the-sky recommendations. They are doable."

</doc>
<doc id="30977379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977379" title="Stapenhill Post 16 Centre">
Stapenhill Post 16 Centre

Stapenhill Post 16 Centre is a sixth form college located in Stapenhill, Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire.
The centre is a joint venture between Paulet High School and Blessed Robert Sutton Catholic Sports College, enrolling students between the ages of 16-19 who have achieved GCSE qualifications.
It offers around 20 subjects at A-Level, plus several level-2 qualifications.
__TOC__
History.
The idea of a purpose-built sixth form centre shared between the neighbouring high schools was first discussed in 2001, with a £1-million proposal accepted by planners and school governors in October 2002. Building work on the centre commenced in November 2002. The project was carried out by building contractors Interclass.
The first intake of pupils was the academic year commencing from September 2003. The centre was officially opened in March 2004 by Charles Clarke as Secretary of State for Education and Skills.
As of September 2009, all post-16 students were introduced to a compulsory smart-casual dress code and identity badge.
In January 2010, the centre received a visit from Ed Balls during his service as Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families.
A former student at the centre, Eugene Joseph, was a Labour candidate for the 2011 Local Elections.
School Partnership.
The centre was built with the intention of serving two nearby high schools: Paulet High School and Blessed Robert Sutton Catholic Sports College. The building is situated on adjacent land to Paulet High School with a short path connecting the two, and a path in the opposite direction leading to Bluestone Lane, location of Blessed Robert Sutton Catholic Sports College.
Subjects offered at the centre are taught by staff from both high schools with the majority taking place in the centre. Some subjects (such as Art, Biology, Chemistry, Physics and Product Design) are often taught in either of the two high schools due to the facilities required that are not available in the sixth form centre.
Examinations often take place in the high schools due to the different 'centre numbers' required for student entries from the respective schools.
In 2009, the centre's staffing system was altered slightly. To promote the partnership between the two neighbouring high schools, two Heads of Sixth Form were introduced - one from each school. This enabled more efficient decision-making and communication between staff from both high schools and a more consistent learning environment for students.
The centre also collaborates with local post-16 education providers such as Burton College, Paget High School and Abbot Beyne School to offer a wider subject range to students in the Burton on Trent area. Some students travel by taxi from the centre to off-site lessons, funded by the sixth form centre and the local authority.

</doc>
<doc id="30977407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977407" title="Douglas County News">
Douglas County News

Douglas County News may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="30977427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977427" title="Wollaston Barge Ferry">
Wollaston Barge Ferry

The Wollaston Barge Ferry is a ferry (barge service) that operates in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan in the far north region of the province. The ferry crosses Wollaston Lake, providing a link between Saskatchewan Highway 905 and Wollaston Lake, Saskatchewan.
The barge is operated by the Saskatchewan Department of Highways and Transportation and passage must be pre-booked. The barge has tolls and operates twice per day during the ice-free season while an ice-road is used during part of the winter. The ferry has a length of , a width of , and a weight limit of 23.4 tonnes.

</doc>
<doc id="30977433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977433" title="Pam Wolf">
Pam Wolf

Pamela A. "Pam" Wolf née Mens (born November 26, 1963) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 51, which includes portions of Anoka, Hennepin and Ramsey counties in the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Republican, she is a teacher and a golf instructor.
Wolf was first elected in 2010. She was a member of the Education, the Local Government and Elections, and the Transportation committees. Her special legislative concerns were education, transportation, and taxes. Wolf lost her bid for re-election in 2012 and was defeated by DFLer Alice Johnson.
Wolf graduated from Irondale High School in New Brighton, then went on to Bethel College in Arden Hills, earning her B.A. in 1986. She has taught in elementary, middle school, and high school settings in the Mounds View, Anoka-Hennepin, Spring Lake Park and Columbia Heights school districts, teaching Health, Physical Education, Social Studies, and Special Education. She has also coached middle school, high school, and college level sports. She served on the Minnesota State College and University Trustee Candidate Advisory Council.
External links.
<br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="30977440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977440" title="Devon Cider Company">
Devon Cider Company

Devon Cider Company was a company founded in 1999 in Devon, England, which produced cider. In 2005 it moved to a former Whitbread brewery in Tiverton, which it purchased from brewer InBev. The company went into voluntary administration in 2007 and was restructured as a group of three companies: Devon Cider, Devon Cider Brands and Devon Commercial Property.
Devon Cider Company went into administration again in 2009 and was taken over by Birmingham-based Aston Manor Brewery, who retained the Tiverton site and in 2011 increased the workforce there.
The company produced cider under brands such as Devon Village, Superior Old Moors, 3 Hammers and Ice White.

</doc>
<doc id="30977447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977447" title="2011 Challenger of Dallas">
2011 Challenger of Dallas

The 2011 Challenger of Dallas was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was a Challenger of Dallas competition that forms part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Dallas, United States, between 28 February and 6 March 2011.
The defending champions in the singles tournament was Ryan Sweeting from the USA, while the doubles champions, also from the USA were Scott Lipsky and David Martin.
ATP entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="30977487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977487" title="Brontomerus">
Brontomerus

Brontomerus (from Greek "bronte" meaning "thunder", and "merós" meaning "thigh") is a dubious genus of camarasauromorph sauropod which lived during the early Cretaceous (Aptian or Albian age, approximately 110 million years ago). It was named in 2011 and the type species is "Brontomerus mcintoshi". It is probably a fairly basal camarasauromorph, though the taxon is difficult to resolve due to incompleteness of the material. It is most remarkable for its unusual hipbones, which would have supported the largest thigh muscles, proportionally, of any known sauropod. The specific name is in honor of physicist and North American sauropod guru John "Jack" Stanton McIntosh.
Discovery.
Fossils of "Brontomerus" were recovered from a quarry at the top of the Ruby Ranch Member of the Cedar Mountain Formation in eastern Utah, USA. The specimens were originally collected in 1994 and 1995 by a team of researchers from the Sam Noble museum of Norman, Oklahoma. It was named and described by Michael P. Taylor, Mathew J. Wedel and Richard L. Cifelli, an international team from the University College London, Western University of Health Sciences and the Sam Noble Oklahoma Museum of Natural History. The fossils were recovered from a locality known as the Hotel Mesa Quarry in easternmost Grand County, Utah. The site had been previously known to private collectors, who had already removed a considerable number of fossils, some of which may have been scientifically valuable. Exposed bones that remained were in various states of disrepair: some had even been broken and their pieces used to hold down a plastic tarpaulin. Due in part to this "pillaging" of the fossil site, the team was unable to recover more complete specimens.
Description.
"Brontomerus" is known from two fragmentary specimens differing in size, likely a juvenile and an adult. The researchers speculate that the adult may have been the mother of the juvenile. The type specimen, OMNH 66430, is represented by the left ilium of the smaller individual. Other recovered fossils include a crushed presacral centrum, several caudal vertebrae, a right-side dorsal rib, a large scapula, and two partial sternal plates. The adult specimen is thought to have weighed around six tons, and probably measured around 14 meters (46 ft) in length. The juvenile specimen had about a third of this length, and probably weighed around 200 kilograms and measured 4.5 meters (15 ft) in length.
Its assignment to a new species is based on several noteworthy autapomorphies, including an oddly-shaped hipbone which would have permitted the attachment of unusually massive leg muscles. This unique ilium would have given it the largest leg muscles of any sauropod dinosaur. The ilium is unusual in being very deep and having a front part that is much larger than the part behind the hip socket.
Phylogeny.
Based on phylogenetic analysis using a 50% majority rule tree, "Brontomerus" is placed as a basal somphospondyl within Titanosauriformes, in a trichotomy with "Euhelopus" and the Titanosauria. A strict consensus tree was also calculated, but yielded poorly resolved results. A more recent phylogenetic analysis of the Titanosauriformes determined "Brontomerus" to be a "nomen dubium" due to the holotype's fragmentary, nondiagnostic nature.
Morphology and behavior.
Dr. Michael Taylor, one of the dinosaur's describers, theorizes that it can be determined that these muscles were probably used for functions other than speed. He points out that for fast movement, the strong muscles would be oriented at the back of the leg to pull it along, but the actual positioning of the muscles indicates they were more likely used to deliver a kick. This is due to the apparent anchoring of large femoral protraction muscles, which would have been used to move the leg forward powerfully. Large femoral retraction muscles, on the other hand, are needed to for fast forward locomotion, and the ilium of "Brontomerus" offers little attachment area for these, though this does not necessarily imply weak retraction muscles as these would have been mostly anchored on the tail-base rather than the ilium. The supposed kicks would have possibly been used for fighting over mates or in defense against predators, such as "Utahraptor" and "Deinonychus". 
Doctor Mathew Wedel, assistant professor of anatomy at the Western University of Health Sciences in Pomona, California, has stated that since it has been commonly been assumed that sauropods tend to prefer drier, upload areas, perhaps "Brontomerus" may have used its powerful leg muscles for traversing rough, hilly terrain. He described the theoretical use of such muscles in this terrain as "a sort of dinosaur four-wheel drive."
In addition to powerful protraction muscles, the ilium of "Brontomerus" would have also anchored abductor muscles, which are muscles used for drawing the leg laterally away from the body. These muscles would have been necessary for creating abduction torque when standing, and could have theoretically aided in an occasional bipedal stance or even limited bipedal walking. Another possible explanation for the proportionally large leg muscles is that they were used to control unusually long legs. While no material from the legs is known, the large anterior expansion of the scapula provides only weak support for this hypothesis. If this interpretation is correct, however, the morphology of "Brontomerus" may have resembled that of a giraffe.
Despite these theories, the actual data on the ilium and its powerful muscles indicates only that the animal was "unusually athletic for a sauropod." The authors acknowledge that while the unusual qualities of the hipbone probably have some functional significance, it is difficult to assess without further information about the pelvis, femora and proximal caudals.

</doc>
<doc id="30977506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977506" title="Walden Pond Press">
Walden Pond Press

Walden Pond Press, established in 2008 and located in Boston, Massachusetts and New York City, New York, is the co-publishing venture of film production company Walden Media and book publisher HarperCollins. 
The venture operates as an imprint of HarperCollins Children’s Books and its logo, a skipping stone on Walden Pond, is derivative of the Walden Media logo.
Background.
Walden Pond Press is publishing the next generation of middle grade books—fast paced, funny, engaging, compulsively readable stories by well-established authors and new talent. 
The two marked characteristics of the imprint are its high quality titles and its embrace of a multi-platform approach to storytelling. For example, "Cosmic" (published January 2010) by author and screenwriter, Frank Cottrell Boyce is one of the best reviewed children’s books of 2010,
and is currently in film development with Walden Media.
Audience.
Walden Pond Press publishes a small, targeted list of middle grade book titles every year. In addition to "Cosmic", during its 2010 launch the imprint published "The Billionaire's Curse: The Archer Legacy Book 1" by Richard Newsome, "The Last Words of Will Wolfkin" by Steven Knight, "Max Cassidy: Escape from Shadow Island" by Paul Adam, "Finding Danny" by Linzi Glass, and the acclaimed "Guys Read: Funny Business", edited by Jon Scieszka with stories by Jeff Kinney, Eoin Colfer, Adam Rex, and Kate DiCamillo, among other well-known authors. "Funny Business" is the first title in the Guys Read Library, a series of titles connected to Jon Scieszka’s Guys Read initiative, a web-based literacy program for boys to help them to become self-motivated, lifelong readers.
Walden Pond Press’s 2011 titles include "The Fourth Stall" by Chris Rylander (published February 2011), "Juniper Berry" by M.P. Kozlowsky (publishing April 2011), "The Emerald Casket: The Archer Legacy Book 2" by Richard Newsome (publishing May 2011), "Breadcrumbs" by Anne Ursu (publishing October 2011), and "Guys Read: Thriller" edited by Jon Scieszka (publishing September 2011) with stories by James Patterson, Margaret Peterson Haddix, Walter Dean Myers, Gennifer Choldenko, and among other prominent authors (published September 2011).
Prior Publishing History.
Walden Pond Press is Walden Media’s second co-publishing venture with a major US publishing house. From 2004 -2008, Walden Media worked across all imprints at Penguin Young Readers Group publishing the Newbery Honor-winning "Savvy" by first-time author Ingrid Law (Dial/Walden Media), Mike Lupica’s The Comeback Kids series (Philomel/Walden Media), Lauren St. John’s The White Giraffe series (Dial/Walden Media), and Michael Reisman’s Simon Bloom series (Dutton/Walden Media) among other titles.
Both "Savvy" and "Simon Bloom: The Gravity Keeper" are in film development at Walden Media.

</doc>
<doc id="30977561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977561" title="Beauty (song)">
Beauty (song)

"Beauty" is a song by the American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, released as the second single on their 1997 album "Generation Swine". The song charted at number 37 on the Mainstream rock charts.

</doc>
<doc id="30977566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977566" title="Milenko Miljković">
Milenko Miljković

Milenko 1337 Miljković was born in Novi Sad on year of 1993. In early life he played chess and was interested in math and history. Later in his life he lost his interests in math and started expanding his knowledge in computers. For a short time he became very good at it and started learning about internet communication technologies, system vulnerabilities and wireless communications. At year of 13 he lost his mother who died from cancer. Because of that his life got harder and he didn't have much time for his interests. Later at year of 2009 he managed to come back to scene when he joined 1337 and started working for few companies as System Administrator. After short period he started a pilot project about Safety of children on internet. Project was successful in few elementary schools but didn't continued cause of lack of funds and free time. At March 2010. he and his team joined on project "Click Safely" with Serbian Ministry of Telecommunications. He spent one month on project and left cause of ministry's poor performance and commitment which he couldn't deal with. He returned to work as System Administrator and started visiting summits of ESET, Microsoft, Adobe, Hewlett Packard and others to expand his knowledge in internet communications.
Child Internet Safety Projects.
2010. Year was his most successful year in fighting against internet pedophiles, he worked with police and succeeded to catch few pedophiles over Facebook and Serbian social network called "Karike". He hosted 8 summits about children's safety on internet and started writing blog about Facebook and internet's danger. He couldn't achieve what he planned with his projects cause large amount of financing he done personally and with few peoples help. His work was notable between people of Novi Sad and with their cooperation with 1337 Serbia they are preparing project "Operation Endgame" which has for goal reducing internet sexual abuse in Serbia and internet database of registered sex offenders.
To Catch A Predator Idea.
At year 2009. he sent a project to Serbian National TV Network which he came up by watching "To Catch A Predator" on cable TV. He had similar idea to make show like that in Serbia with online database of registered sexual offenders displayed on a map. Mayor and few detectives liked that and they tried to contact producers but they declined offer because of legal problems and lack of space in TV program. He dropped project and continued his solo work on fighting against internet crime
Commitment to Society.
His commitment to society which he lives in is also notable. He from time to time teaches children in local school about upsides and downsides of social networking, internet and staying protected with strong password and privacy settings.
Click Safely.
During March 2010. Milenko cooperated with ministry of Digital Agenda (Ministry of Telecommunication) on a project "Click Safely". Project took place in several school's in Serbia and had a primary goal of avaering children's of danger that comes with publishing their privacy online. Whole project still hibernates and its goal to protect children on World Wide Web stays.

</doc>
<doc id="30977595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977595" title="Baby I Lied">
Baby I Lied

"Baby I Lied" is a single by American country music artist Deborah Allen. Released in 1983, it was the first single from the album "Cheat the Night". The song reached number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. It was also her only hit on the Billboard Hot 100, where it went to number 26.
Critical reception.
In "The Encyclopedia of Country Music", Mary A. Bufwack wrote that the song showed "Allen's country-pop style, marked by a wall of sound and soulful singing".
Shannon Brown version.
Shannon Brown released a cover of the song in 2001, taking it to number 40 on the country charts. Her version was to have been included on her BNA Records album "Untangle My Heart", which was never released.
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price of "Billboard" praised Brown's version of the song, saying that it "stands the test of time" and "Brown turns in a fine performance, shaded with ache and regret."

</doc>
<doc id="30977600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977600" title="Leopold Freiherr von Hauer">
Leopold Freiherr von Hauer

Leopold Freiherr von Hauer (born 26 January 1854 in Budapest, Hungary, died on 3 May 1933, in Budapest) was a Colonel General in the Austro-Hungarian Army. He participated in the First World War on the Russian front. 

</doc>
<doc id="30977672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977672" title="Estadio Juan Carlos Durán">
Estadio Juan Carlos Durán

Estadio Juan Carlos Durán is a multi-use stadium in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Real Santa Cruz. The stadium has a capacity of 25,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30977683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977683" title="Minuscule 836 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 836 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 836 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε46 (von Soden), is a 14th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript has not complex contents, it lacks Gospel of Luke.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, and Gospel of John on 277 paper leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 33 lines per page.
The headpieces are in red.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. It has some notes at the margin.
It contains a commentary of Theophylact.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 14th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th century. The manuscript once belonged to the Convent of S. Marco de Florentia des Predigerordens as minuscule 196.
The manuscript was examined and described by Angelo Maria Bandini. It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (836e). Gregory saw it in 1886. It was digitized in 2009.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Laurentian Library (Plutei XI. 18), in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="30977688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977688" title="Vera Alexandrovna Tiscenko Calder">
Vera Alexandrovna Tiscenko Calder

Vera Alexandrovna Tiscenko (28 August 1902 – 13 October 1983) was a Russian actress of Polish descent and member of the Moscow Art Theatre who lived through five revolutions. The 1905 Russian Revolution, the Russian Revolution (1917), the Spanish Civil War, the Great Calcutta Killing & Indian Independence Movement, and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947 (also known as the First Kashmir War). In India, her divorce from her first husband, Eugene Tiscenko, has achieved the status of a constitutional precedent that has been deployed repeatedly by the Supreme Court of India. She was the second wife of Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy who was the last Chief Minister of United Bengal (April 1946- August 1947) and subsequently became the fifth Prime Minister of Pakistan (1956–1957).
Life.
The second of three sisters, she pursued acting as a child against her parents wishes and when she was 19 caught the attention of Olga Knipper (widow of Anton Chekov) who brought her to meet Constantin Stanislavski at the Moscow Art Theatre.
She acted at the Moscow Art Theatre and in Prague. Always dynamic on stage she went on a European tour with Moscow Art Theatre actress Vera Baranovskaya, where she met the Russian émigré medical student Eugene Tiscenko who was then living in Berlin. They were married on May 20, 1931 and later settled in Madrid. After the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War the couple moved to Rome via Vienna where on January 27, 1937, she gave birth to a son, Oleg. In 1938 her husband went to Edinburgh, Scotland to qualify for a British medical degree. Vera's marriage to Eugene had not been not a happy one and left alone with her son in Mussolini's Rome she became increasingly worried about the surrounding European unrest. She decided to accept an invitation from Sir Hassan Suhrawardy, an eminent surgeon and uncle of her English professor and former director from the Moscow Art Theatre, Hasan Shahid Suhrawardy, to leave Europe with her son and stay with him in Calcutta, India.
The Tiscenko decision.
On September 1, 1938, they arrived in Calcutta and Hassan, a widower for a good many years, began to put the make on her. Vera promptly sought out his nephew, Huseyn, to put a stop to his advances and in Huseyn she found a colorful, brilliant and witty man; an Oxford graduate and prominent lawyer (Gray's Inn), and also a widower (his first wife Begum Niaz Fatima had died in 1922) who had recently been elected to the new Bengal Assembly in 1937. Vera, living in Calcutta with her son on her own earnings and without any support from her husband, found "relief and solace" in the teachings of Islam. She cabled her husband with the news of her conversion to Islam and requested that he accept the Islamic faith. Eugene, a Greek Orthodox replied that his religious convictions were unshakable and "refused absolutely" to change his faith and insisted that their son remain Greek Orthodox. Vera, who had changed her name to Begum Noor Jehan at her conversion on 27 June 1940, applied to the High Court of Calcutta on August 5, 1940 for a suit declaring dissolution of her marriage to Eugene Tiscenko. The Calcutta High Court originally declared that her marriage to Eugene was dissolved. Despite a subsequent appeal that left the case unresolved, she married Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy later in 1940 and they had one son, Rashid (aka Robert Ashby). One year later, on December 19, 1941, the Calcutta High Court overturned the dissolution of marriage. The "Tiscenko" decision came to affect the lives of women all over South Asia. A Polish woman who was married to a Russian man in Germany trying to dissolve her marriage before a court in Calcutta.
Epilogue.
Vera was a white woman married to an Oxford educated man of India who was prominent in the Indian political arena and there were always opposing political factions conspiring against her. In 1951 her physician diagnosed her with cancer and, while she was in London for a second opinion, her marriage with Huseyn was dissolved.
Vera Vlasova.
Vera, an American citizen, later went to live in the United States. Her younger sister, Lydia, was living in a Manhattan apartment building at 130 West 57th Street that her husband, Dr. David Jedwabnik had inherited from his brother, Abram, in 1949. Vera spent the rest of her life teaching acting lessons based on the Stanislavski's system under the pseudonym "Vera Vlasova" at her studio in her flat on Orchid Avenue in Hollywood. Her professional name, "Vlasova", was the name of Vera Baranovskaya's character in Mother, a film based on the novel by Maxim Gorky and directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin in 1926. For over twenty years she went on lecture tours around the world lecturing as the "Foremost authority on the Stanislavski Method". On October 7, 1983 Vera was at LAX about to board a flight to New York to visit her sister, Lydia, en route to give a lecture at the Moscow Art Theatre when she suffered a sudden stroke as she was arguing with the baggage handler about the treatment of her luggage. She died on October 13, 1983 in Los Angeles.
In her later years Vera became a follower of the Bahá'í Faith.

</doc>
<doc id="30977716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977716" title="MRT Sungai Buloh-Serdang-Putrajaya Line">
MRT Sungai Buloh-Serdang-Putrajaya Line

The MRT Sungai Buloh-Serdang-Putrajaya Line (MRT SSP Line) is a planned Mass Rapid Transit line for Klang Valley MRT and was being contemplated as said by Dato' Sri Idris Jala, CEO of PEMANDU.
It is one of three more rail systems to be built by 2020. Together, the three will extend the MRT network track to 150 km by 2020. The 2nd MRT line is now planned to be from Sungai Buloh, Selayang to Pandan; instead of from Kuala Lumpur to Port Klang. 
Rolling stock.
Trains are expected to be 4-carriages long and have a standard of 4 doors per side per carriage.

</doc>
<doc id="30977727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977727" title="Campus rape">
Campus rape

Campus rape is the rape of a student attending an institute of higher learning such as a college or university. The term references the campus where these institutes are, although not all reported incidents occur on campus property. The issue affects students seeking higher education throughout the world, even including many Western nations with de jure laws against forms of violence against women and violence against men.
Estimates vary greatly as to the number of women who experience a sexual assault during college, with surveys focused on the United States placing it as low as 1 in 50 (2%) to as high as 1 in 4 (25%). The rate of male victims is estimated to be 1 in 7. The nature of the surveys and the wording of the questions appears to be the largest factor in the variance of figures, with other estimates being in between.
Campus rape is a felony that affects different ethnic groups, different social classes, different places on the gender spectrum.
Prevalence.
In 1985, Mary Koss, a professor of psychology at Kent State University, conducted a national rape survey on college campuses in the United States, sponsored by the National Institute of Health and with administrative support from "Ms." Magazine. The survey, administered on 32 college campuses across the USA, asked 3,187 female and 2,872 male undergraduate students about their sexual experiences since age 14. The survey included ten questions related to sexual coercion. Out of the 3,187 undergraduate women Koss surveyed, 207, or 6%, had been raped within the past year. 15.4 percent of Koss' female respondents had been raped since age 14, an additional 12.1 percent of female respondents had experienced attempted rape since age 14, and 4.4 percent of college men reported perpetrating legal rape since age 14. The combined figure for rape and attempted rape of women since age 14, 27.5 percent, became known as the "one in four" statistic.
According to Christina Hoff Sommers, the Koss study and the oft-quoted "one in four" statistic is based upon flawed data. One of the three questions used by Koss to calculate rape prevalence was, "Have you had sexual intercourse when you didn't want to because a man gave you alcohol or drugs?" According to Sommers and professor Neil Gilbert, this left the door open for anyone who regretted a sexual liaison to consider their partner a rapist, even if neither partner thought of the situation as abusive. In 1999, researchers Martin Schwartz and Molly Leggett replicated Koss' survey, replacing the disputed question with "Have you engaged in sexual intercourse when you didn’t want to but were so intoxicated under the influence of alcohol or drugs that you could not stop it or object?" Rewording the question did not significantly change the results. 
Other studies of the time, such as those by Margaret Gordon and Linda George, found much lower measured rape prevalence by simply asking women if they had been raped, rather than asking behaviorally specific questions. The use of multiple behaviorally specific questions in rape surveys has since become the accepted approach used by both academic researchers and multiple Federal government agencies. 
In 1997, The National Institute of Justice (NIJ) and the United States Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS) conducted the National College Women Sexual Victimization (NCWSV) survey. 4,446 American college women were chosen randomly and surveyed. The survey consisted of behaviorally specific questions that describe an incident in graphic language and cover the elements of a criminal offense, such as "Did someone make you have sexual intercourse by using force or threatening to harm you?" According to that survey, 1.7% of women had experienced a rape and another 1.1% had experienced an attempted rape. The National Institute of Justice pointed out in a report that this estimate does not take into account variation between semesters and calculated that it can climb to between one-fifth and one-quarter over the course of a school career.
Research of American college students suggests that white women, prior victims, first-year students, and more sexually active women are the most vulnerable to sexual assault. Another study shows that white women are more likely than non-white women to experience rape while intoxicated, but less likely to experience other forms of rape. This high rate of rape while intoxicated accounts for a white women reporting a higher overall rate of sexual assault than non-white women, although further research is needed into racial differences and college party organization. Regardless of race, the majority of victims know the assailant. Black women in America are more likely to report sexual assault that has been perpetrated by a stranger. Teenage girls are more likely to think that stranger rape is more serious than other forms of rape. Victims of rape are mostly between 10 and 29 years old, while perpetrators are generally between 15 and 29 years old.
The National Institute for Mental Health and "Ms." Magazine study also found a 1 in 7 sexual assault rate for men, indicating that violence against men was also a significant problem. 
A 2007 National Institute of Justice study found that, in terms of perpetrators, that about 80% of survivors of physically forced or incapacitated sexual assault were assaulted by someone that they knew.
Influence of alcohol.
Alcohol consumption is known to have effects on sexual behavior and aggression. During social interactions, alcohol consumption also encourages biased appraisal of a partner’s sexual motives, impairs communication about sexual intentions, and enhances misperception of sexual intent, effects exacerbated by peer influence about how to act when drinking.
The effects of alcohol at point of forced sex are likely to impair ability to rectify misperceptions, diminish ability to resist sexual advancements, and justifies aggressive behavior. Alcohol provides justification for engaging in behaviors that are usually considered inappropriate. Studies have shown consistent alcohol use in reported cases of sexual and non-sexual violence. The increase of assaults on college campuses can be attributed to the social expectation that students participate in alcohol consumption. The peer norms on American college campuses are to drink heavily, to act in an uninhibited manner and to engage in casual sex.
Various studies have concluded the following results:
However, the method for obtaining these numbers has come under criticism. Professor Neil Gilbert pointed out the ambiguity of the role of alcohol in answering whether or not a sexual encounter was consensual:
"What does having sex 'because' a man gives you drugs or alcohol signify? A positive response does not indicate whether duress, intoxication, force, or the threat of force were present; whether the woman's judgment or control were substantially impaired; or whether the man purposefully got the woman drunk in order to prevent her resistance to sexual advances... While the item could have been clearly worded to denote "intentional incapacitation of the victim," as the question stands it would require a mind reader to detect whether any affirmative response corresponds to this legal definition of rape."
"The Blade" released a special report, "The Making of an Epidemic", criticizing the "Koss" study (which concluded that 55% of rape victims have been intoxicated). According to "The Blade", Koss specifically ignored an Ohio statute that excluded "...situations where a person plies his intended partner with drink or drugs in hopes that lowered inhibition might lead to a liaison." Koss later admitted that the wording of the survey had been ambiguous.
Variation.
Acquaintance rape.
Acquaintance rape is the most common form of rape. Victims between 18 and 29 years old are the highest risk group for acquaintance rape. In half of acquaintance rape cases the victim and rapist are somewhat familiar with one another, while 40% accounts for casual acquaintances. Acquaintance rape, which includes date rape, may also include party and gang rape. Sexual assault has become a predictable outcome resulting from synergistic relationship of processes that operate at individual, organizational, and interactional levels.
Date rape.
Date rape, a form of acquaintance rape, is a non-domestic rape committed by someone who knows the victim. This constitutes the vast majority of rapes reported. It can occur between two people who know one another usually in social situations, between people who are dating as a couple and have had consensual sex in the past, between two people who are starting to date, between people who are just friends, and between acquaintances. It includes rape of co-workers, schoolmates, friends, and other acquaintances, providing they are dating.
Date rape is considered the most unreported crime on college campuses. The term date rape is often referred to as ‘acquaintance rape’ or ‘hidden rape’ and has been identified as a growing problem in western society. College and university campuses are prime locations for date rape to occur due to the high volume of students’ interest in romantic relationships. A college survey conducted by the National Victim Center reported that one in four college women have been raped or experienced attempted rape. This report indicates that young women are at considerable risk of becoming victims of date rape while in college.
Statistics (according to a National College Women Sexual Victimization study, related to American colleges):
Gang rape.
Gang rape is a rape perpetrated by multiple offenders at once. The Bureau of Justice Statistics report that 15% of all rape cases involve more than one offender. Between one and two percent of college women are victims of gang rape. "Overall on college campuses, 16 percent of all rapes and 10 percent of all attempted rapes engage multiple perpetrators" (Neaumann,398). Fifty-five to seventy percent of gang rape perpetrators belong to fraternities. Eighty-six percent of off-campus attempted rape or sexual assaults are at fraternity houses. College gang rape tends to be perpetrated by middle- to upper-class men.
There are higher incidents of gang rape within fraternities for many reasons: peer acceptance, alcohol use, the acceptance of rape myths and viewing women as sexualized objects, as well as the highly masculinized environment. The Neumann study found that fraternity members are more likely than other college students to engage in rape. Part of the prevalence of fraternity rape may be due to the fact that some colleges do not have complete control over the privately owned fraternity houses. Although gang rape on college campuses is an issue, however, date, acquaintance, and party rape are more likely to happen.
Stranger rape.
Sexual assault by an assailant upon a person he or she does not know.
Stranger rape, though less common, can still occur on or around college campuses.
Perpetuation by college fraternities.
Anthropologist Peggy Reeves Sanday attributes the perpetuation of rape culture to fraternity environments within North America. Sanday's article “Rape Prone versus Rape Free Campus Cultures” explains that young fraternity members who create their sense of belonging through homophobia and expressing their masculinity through sexual intercourse contribute to rape prone environments. Commodification of women is dominant in rape-prone discourses, as men share “ridiculously exaggerated sexual boasting” in order to feel accepted and included by their brothers. Exaggerated sexual boasting is also attributed by Sanday to obtaining information about sex and women through pornography. Men watching gang banging pornography together as male bonding, she illustrates, desensitizes aspects of rape culture as it becomes viewed as a normative sexual experience. As an example, Sanday explains the ritual of “beaching” or “whaling”. This refers to a practice where fraternity members target a woman at a party and have sex with her in an area that is visible to others, without her consent, so the viewers can have a live pornographic show.
College campus reactions.
Some colleges have come under federal investigation for their handling of sexual assault cases, described by civil rights groups as discriminatory and inappropriate. College campuses can be described as either "rape-free" or "rape-prone". Rape-free campuses are those that seriously deal with incidents of rape, and do not condone alcohol use, while rape-prone campuses do neither.
According to sociologist Michael Kimmel, rape-prone campus environments exist throughout several university and college campuses in North America. Kimmel defines these environments as “…one in which the incidence of rape is reported by observers to be high, or rape is excused as a ceremonial expression of masculinity, or rape as an act by which men are allowed to punish or threaten women.”
Prevention.
The Campus Sexual Assault Victims’ Bill of Rights was a 1992 amendment to the 1990 act. It requires that schools have prevention policies and provide care for victims. The law was amended again in 1998 to expand requirements, including the crime categories that must be reported. Some universities have taken additional steps to reduce the amount of rape on their campuses. Schools now celebrate Rape Awareness week, which is devoted to educating the students about the rape epidemic. There are also other educational opportunities, with experts on the subject speaking at mandatory dorm meetings where students get reading material about safety and information about people who work at the women’s center so that if something happens, a victim would know who to call and what to do. Other options to promote a safe campus environment are to sell pepper-spray at discounted prices and offer self-defense workshops. To truly change the cycle of violence, perpetrators needs to be educated on how to understand when sex is inappropriate.
Prevention efforts by the Obama administration.
In 2011, the United States Department of Education sent a letter, known as the “Dear Colleague” letter, to the presidents of all colleges and universities in the United States stating that Title IX requires schools to investigate and adjudicate cases of sexual assault on campus. The letter also states that schools must adjudicate these cases using a “preponderance of the evidence” standard, meaning that the accused will be responsible if it is determined that there is at least a 50.1% chance that the assault occurred. The letter expressly forbid the use of the stricter “clear and convincing evidence” standard used at some schools previously. In 2014, President Barack Obama established the White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault, which published a report reiterating the interpretation of Title IX in the “Dear Colleague” letter and proposing a number of other measures to prevent and respond to sexual assault on campus, such as campus climate surveys and bystander intervention programs. Shortly thereafter, the Department of Education released a list of 55 colleges and universities across the country that it was investigating for possible Title IX violations in relation to sexual assault.
Civil liberties concerns.
The Obama administration’s approach toward sexual assault on campus has been widely criticized for not taking into account the issue of false allegations and wrongful convictions. Critics claim that the “preponderance of the evidence” standard is not appropriate for a violent crime and leads to students being wrongly expelled for crimes that have not been clearly proven. Campus tribunals have also been criticized for lacking the necessary experience in criminal justice and for failing to provide many of the due process protection that the United States Constitution guarantees in criminal trials, such as the right to be represented by an attorney and the right to cross-examine witnesses. The American Association of University Professors and the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education have publicly opposed the “Dear Colleague” letter. In early 2014, RAINN, the nation’s largest non-profit dedicated to preventing rape, wrote an open letter to the White House calling for campus tribunals to be de-emphasized in favor of the criminal justice system. According to RAINN, “The crime of rape does not fit the capabilities of such boards. They often offer the worst of both worlds: they lack protections for the accused while often tormenting victims.”
Since the issuance of the “Dear Colleague” letter, a number of lawsuits have been filed against colleges and universities across the country by male students alleging that the schools violated their rights under Title IX by expelling them for rapes they did not commit. Xavier University has entered into a settlement in one such lawsuit.
Position of NCHERM.
In May 2014, the National Center for Higher Education Risk Management issued an open letter to all parties involved in the issue of rape on campus. While NCHERM expressed support for the “Dear Colleague” letter and the adjudication of rape cases by schools, they took no position on whether the “preponderance of the evidence” standard is appropriate and raised a number of concerns. They claim that many cases are not clear-cut, and there is often not adequate evidence to know what actually happened. The letter expresses concern that “in a lot of these cases, the campus is holding the male accountable in spite of the evidence – or the lack thereof – because they think they are supposed to.”
The letter makes note that, in cases where a school is inaccurately portrayed in the media as having let a rapist off the hook, the school cannot set the record straight due to its confidentiality obligations under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. It also raises the issue of false allegations arising from mental health issues, in which the accusers sincerely “believe something has happened to them that evidence shows absolutely did not.” NCHERM criticizes schools for “ men accountable for drunken hook ups that shouldn’t violate campus policies” and advocates for allowing students to have legal representation during campus hearings.

</doc>
<doc id="30977809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977809" title="I Hurt for You">
I Hurt for You

"I Hurt for You" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Deborah Allen. It was released in 1984 as the third single from the album "Cheat the Night". The song reached #4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by Allen and Rafe VanHoy.

</doc>
<doc id="30977866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977866" title="François Sasseville">
François Sasseville

François Sasseville (born February 7, 1977) is a retired professional ice hockey player.

</doc>
<doc id="30977867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977867" title="Ahmadi Square">
Ahmadi Square

Ahmadi Square is a square in Shiraz, Iran. The most important places near this square are Shah Cheragh, Shiraz main Friday's prayer's place, Beyn-ol Harameyn Shopping Center and Ahmadi Bazar.

</doc>
<doc id="30977969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977969" title="Moshir Intersection">
Moshir Intersection

Moshir intersection is an intersection in central Shiraz, Iran between Lotfali Khan Street, Qa'ani Street and Tohid (Dariush) Street.

</doc>
<doc id="30977987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977987" title="Hoh Glacier">
Hoh Glacier

Hoh Glacier is a glacier on Mount Olympus in the Olympic National Park in Jefferson County of the U.S. state of Washington. It is the source of the Hoh River. Hoh Glacier is the longest glacier on Mount Olympus at , though it is smaller in volume than Blue Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="30977990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30977990" title="Peter Gibb">
Peter Gibb

Peter Robert Gibb (30 June 1954 – 23 January 2011) was an Australian criminal, known for his escape from the Melbourne Remand Centre in 1993.
Escape from Melbourne Remand Centre.
Gibb had several prior convictions for manslaughter, armed robbery and other weapons offences dating back to his mid-teens. In February 1993, he was convicted for the armed holdup of a security van in Sunshine two years earlier. Prior to his conviction, Gibb was held in the Melbourne Remand Centre, where he met prison officer Heather Parker. Parker's marriage to a fellow prison officer was ending, and she began a relationship with Gibb. In May 1992, the two of them were seen entering a broom cupboard, and Parker's colleagues demanded she be transferred, first to Pentridge and then the secure wing of St Vincent's Hospital.
On 7 March 1993, Gibb and a fellow prisoner, Archie Butterley, executed a meticulously planned escape with Parker's assistance. Using a small piece of explosive smuggled into the prison by Parker during a visit, Gibb and Butterley blew out part of a window and climbed down a string of knotted bedsheets to La Trobe Street below where a getaway car containing firearms and equipment was waiting. After several crashes, the escapees stole a motorcycle on the Westgate Freeway and continued on to Southbank Boulevard where they were intercepted by a police divisional van and engaged in a shootout with two officers. Gibb's arm was broken in the engagement, and one of the police officers was shot twice, then had his revolver and police van stolen by Gibb and Butterley.
Shortly after the shootout, Gibb and Butterley were seen climbing into a Suzuki Vitara, which a police check revealed was registered to Parker although police believed that she may have been a hostage. An Australia-wide alert was issued, as Gibb, Butterley and Parker picked up a previously stored Pajero four-wheel drive in Frankston and escaped into regional Victoria. They sought treatment for their injuries at Latrobe Regional Hospital in Moe, before hiding out in bushland for several days.
Capture.
On 11 March, the three fugitives turned up in the small town of Gaffneys Creek, 175 kilometres north-east of Melbourne. Smuggling Butterley into their hotel room and claiming he was their sick child, Gibb and Parker dined at the hotel restaurant and interacted with other guests. They departed the next day, however a fire broke out in the room they had stayed in, burning the hotel to the ground. Police investigating the fire matched the description of the couple with Gibb and Parker, and a huge search operation began. On 13 March, police found the Pajero hidden in bushland near Picnic Point, and began combing the area with sniffer dogs. Gibb and Parker were arrested when police found them attempting to wade across the Goulburn River. Butterley was found shot dead, and although he had engaged in a lengthy firefight with police, a forensic expert would later testify at the committal hearing that he had been shot with the police revolver the pair had taken in Southbank, and that he had not killed himself.
Parker served three-and-a-half years in prison for her role in assisting Gibb's escape. When she was released from Deer Park Metropolitan Women's Correctional Centre in September 1997, Gibb picked her up in a stretch limousine and they spent the night at the Crown Towers hotel. In 2005, Gibb was arrested for the alleged burglary of a car dealership in Balnarring. Parker also faced court in 2007 for assaulting a woman who had an affair with Gibb.
Death.
Gibb died at Frankston Hospital on the morning of 23 January 2011. He had sustained injuries after being beaten up by three men at his home in Seaford on the previous Friday (21 January). His girlfriend, Nicole Keating, told "The Age" newspaper that Gibb had been attacked as a response to a "practical joke" in which Gibb had pretended to shut a young boy in a freezer.
Portrayal in media.
The story of Gibb's escape and time on the run with Parker was adapted into a TV movie "One Way Ticket" (with the subjects' names changed to "Mick Webb" and "Deborah Carter"). Peter Phelps played the character based on Gibb.

</doc>
<doc id="30978009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978009" title="Trop Jr">
Trop Jr

Trop Jr is a short film festival featuring films produced by Australians aged 15 years and younger. Trop Jr has been part of the Tropfest film festival since 2008 and is held in Sydney, Australia each year. Trop Jr is billed as "The Worlds Largest Short Film Festival for Kids! By Kids!".
Each year, Trop Jr has a theme of a "signature item", an item or action being incorporated in the entry films to ensure that they are unique and are made specifically for Trop Jr. The films must be seven minutes or less. The prize includes a digital camera, an ABC3 educational filmmaking experience and film and television short courses.
History.
Trop Jr has been included as part of the Tropfest program since 2008, when 8 films were entered into competition. It had been planned for three years, and has support from the Australian Children's Television Foundation, Boomerang and the Cartoon Network.
One of the judges in 2009, when 12 films were screened, was child actor Brandon Walters. Around 150 films were entered in 2010, of which 14 were finalists including two separate films by a brother and sister; the elder brother won. The 2008 runner-up also made the finals in 2009. The 2011 winner, "Imagine", was inspired by Inception, and was made on a camera phone for A$70 over three days. Adrian Di Salle, winner in 2013, had entered 4 times previously, never being shortlisted until his fifth winning entry. 

</doc>
<doc id="30978031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978031" title="Replay (EP)">
Replay (EP)

"Replay" (; Older Girl Is So Pretty) is the debut EP of South Korean boy group Shinee, released on May 22, 2008 from their label company, SM Entertainment. The EP was debuted at #10 on the Korean music charts and peaked at #8, selling 17,957 copies in the first half of 2008. The track "Noona Neomu Yeppeo (Replay)" were used as the promotional single. The dance for the PV of Replay was choreographed by Rino Nakasone Razalan.
Tracklist.
Credits adapted from the official homepage.

</doc>
<doc id="30978047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978047" title="Pueyrredón (surname)">
Pueyrredón (surname)

The Pueyrredón surname has its origins in 13th century France. Initial variants were Puyredón, Puiredón, Puecheredón and Puitredón. The etymology comes from "Podium Rotundum". "Puy" ("podium" in Latin) means mountain or hill, and "redón" means round. So, Pueyrredón" would mean "rounded hill". It was used at the Languedoc to name "puy" (podium) any lonely mountain. As such structures were strategically useful for the construction of castles, many royal families had names with the "Puy" element in them.
Juan Martín de Pueyrredón is a noted member of the Pueyrredón family of Buenos Aires, with French ancestry. The surname had not acute accent at the "o", neither by the members of the family or by contemporary people. Nevertheless, the current usage always apply such accent, even at the transcription of historic documents.

</doc>
<doc id="30978118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978118" title="Ashford Black Marble">
Ashford Black Marble

Ashford Black Marble is the name given to a dark limestone, quarried from mines near Ashford-in-the-Water, in Derbyshire, England. Once cut, turned and polished, its shiny black surface is highly decorative. Ashford Black Marble is a very fine-grained sedimentary rock, and is not a true marble in the geological sense. It can be cut and inlaid with other decorative stones and minerals, using a technique known as pietra dura. Derby Museum has a diagram of Ecton Hill made from Ashford Black Marble and other minerals.
History.
The decorative uses of the local black mineral have been found in prehistoric finds, but the first recorded customer was Bess of Hardwick in 1580.
Henry Watson, the uncle of Derbyshire geologist White Watson, is regarded as one of the key figures in the development of the local industry of inlaying Ashford Black Marble in the 1750s. He owned a water-powered mill at Ashford in the Water.
There was a thriving trade in the manufacture of urns, obelisks and other decorative items from Ashford Black Marble during the late 18th and early 19th century. John Mawe had a museum in Matlock Bath that dealt in black marble and Ann Rayner engraved pictures, next door at another museum, on black marble using a diamond. Many fine examples of engraved and inlaid black marble exist in local collections, including those of Derby Museum, Buxton Museum, and Chatsworth House. In 2009 huge blocks of unworked Ashford Black Marble were unearthed during excavation work near to the Seven Stars public house in Derby. The plan was to auction them due to the rarity of unworked Ashford Black marble. It was speculated that the rocks had been abandoned when an "Ashford Black Marble" manufacturer moved in the 1880s.
Geology.
Although referred to as marble, the rock is of purely sedimentary origin. It is a dark, fine-grained, muddy Carboniferous limestone, rich in bitumen which gives it its dark grey colouration which turns a glossy black when polished and surface treated. The prime source of this rock was from Arrock Mine, and later in 1832 from nearby Rookery Plantation, near Ashford-in-the-Water.
Manufacturing techniques.
The limestone can be turned on a lathe to create urns, candlesticks and other similar objects, or sawn to produce smooth, flat items such as obelisks and paperweights. Derby Museum and Art Gallery holds collections of worked and part-worked items of Ashford Black Marble, acquired from an inlaying workshop owned by the Tomlinson family. This includes a range of pre-cut pieces ready for inlaying into the black marble background. Items such as forget-me-not and lily of the valley flowers would typically be represented. Coloured rocks to inlay into the black "marble" included grey, blue and purple minerals locally from Monyash, "rosewood" from Nettler Dale in Sheldon which consisted of red and white layers, barytes which created other variations, the local Castleton Blue John which could create purple, and yellow flourspar from Crich, whilst "Birds-Eye" rock had a design made from the fossils that it contained. The rarest mineral was known as "Duke's Red" and this was so valuable that it was stored at Chatsworth House. The tabletop design illustrated shows some of the combinations described here.
In the late 1780s Derbyshire geologist White Watson began to create explanatory geological tablets using Ashford Black Marble into which other local rocks were inlaid so as to represent the strata of the rocks in different parts of the county. Derby Museum has a diagram of Ecton Hill "(see picture)" made from Ashford Black Marble and other minerals.
William Martin, who at one time worked with Watson, wrote the first scientific study of fossils. His "Petrifacta Derbiensia" recounts that White Watson's uncle and workers at the Black Marble quarry called some of the fossils "crocodile tails" as they thought they were the remains of crocodiles.
The craft of inlaying black marble was resumed in the 1990s by Don Edwards, who ran a rock and mineral dealership in the Derbyshire village of Tideswell. In 2006 it was announced that Buxton Museum had purchased the Black Marble collection that had been left by John Michael Tomlinson. He had spent over 50 years putting together the collection after finding that his ancestors had been involved in Ashford Black Marble manufacturing.

</doc>
<doc id="30978125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978125" title="Order Made">
Order Made

Composition and writing.
The song is a mid-tempo rock ballad, mostly based around an arrangement of guitars and slowly performed drums. As the song progresses, background synths, drums and guitars build up in intensity, with more layers added for each verse. A minute before the song ends, the arrangement becomes much more frantic rock arrangement. The final section refrains the original arrangement.
The lyrics detail someone musing over the idea that before they were born, they were given specific choices. Someone asked them if they would like to see the future or past, and he figures he picked the past, so that he could be a kind person, rather than a strong person, and to understand what memories truly mean. The person then asked him about his body, and planned to give him two arms, legs, mouths, ears, eyes, hearts, breasts and nostrils. He asked for just a single mouth, so that he couldn't argue with himself and could kiss only one person. The maker looks disappointed at this, then asked if a heart for each side of his chest would be good. He replied that he did not want a heart on his right side. The narrator believes that the first time he holds someone special against himself, he will feel the beating of his two hearts, so that apart the two people will lack something, and that people cannot live by themselves. The maker then gave one final choice, whether to have tears or not, pointing out that not having tears is not a big hindrance for many people. The narrator replied that he wants them, so that he can become a kind person and understand what is important to him. The maker asked what flavor, sour, salty, spicy or sweet, would he like his tears to be. The narrator asks the maker to have his face, just after he has finished crying, be shown to him with pride. The narrator finally asks the maker whether they have met before, because throughout the song (in the chorus), the narrator laments of a nostalgic feeling growing in his chest, and of memories and feelings he wants to forget but cannot.
The song was the first created for the "Altocolony no Teiri" album sessions. Songwriter and vocalist Yojiro Noda felt the song was extremely important, and that it reaffirmed his ability to write good lyrics.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Yuichi Kodama, and was shot on December 16, 2007. The video begins in a kitchen, showing on a mechanical display digital clock. It then focuses on a young child wearing a red shirt, who sits at the kitchen table. The child looks left, to a child in blue next to the kitchen bench. The blue child offers him a choice between two types of white bread. He chooses the sliced loaf. The red child looks to his right, which causes the camera perspective to change and shows the kitchen existing as a cube in a white area. Vocalist Yojiro Noda stands outside this area, levitating and spinning a piece of white bread above his finger. Other band members move in slow motion as a 3D graphic of sliced white bread falls apart.
The video then shows the blue child chopping various items. He offers the red child a slice of tomato, however the child now appears as a young man in his 20s. The red man has his age change again, and appears in his 40s. He looks at the television behind himself, which broadcasts a video of his 20 year old self. The video changes to a clip of a young woman (played by model Nozomi Takagi), and as the camera pans out, the red man is now in his 60s. The child in blue continues to make the sandwich, showing and offering different ingredients to the person in red. The woman from the television sits at the opposite side of the table, and the man turns back into his 20s. The length of the table grows shorter, and two 3D animated three-block hearts appear in front of each person. These two hearts lock into each other above the table, the man grows older. A room with only the red man's heart in turns dark, and then the heart falls down. Interspersed with these scenes is footage of the band in the white area outside of the room, where a sandwich levitates and rotates in its layers, and the band moving together in a synchronized dance.
The child in blue finishes the sandwich with salad dressing, and makes the red man choose one of six condiments. The clock behind the pair strikes 12:00, and the video then switches to the band performing the song, along with clips of the woman from before, along with nostalgically shot home video-style footage of flowers, trees, waterways and a car trip. The final scene involves the red man, now a child again, being offered his completed sandwich by the blue child. He closes his eyes as he takes a bite and everything fades to black.
The video won the MTV Video Music Awards Japan 2008 award for Best Rock Video. At the 2009 Space Shower Music Video Awards, the video won the same accolade, as well as the Best Your Choice Award, a popular vote award by viewers.
Critical reception.
The leading single "Order Made" was described as "very unique" by CDJournal, describing it as having a British folk-like sound. Takashi Ōno of What's In? noted the song's Mother Goose-like story telling qualities, and praised the "clear feelings" and tender vocals against the occasionally aggressive performance. Isamu Onoda called Noda's lyric writing in the song genius-like, and praised the tension of the building up arrangement. When listening to the single, he felt it was "the birth of a signature song."
Shirō Ise of listen.jp also felt "Order Made" was a definite signature song for the band. He praised the song for its "magnificent and radical rock tune" and "politely storytelling vocals," and felt that the guitar arpeggio made the song extremely dignified-sounding, further praising the irregular sound to the drum/bass arrangement. He noted the song's development, saying that he felt listeners should feel a deep catharsis when listening to it.

</doc>
<doc id="30978135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978135" title="Frederick Albert Phillips">
Frederick Albert Phillips

Sir Frederick "Fred" Albert Phillips CVO (14 May 1918 – 20 February 2011) was a Kittitian politician and jurist. He served as the first black Governor of Saint Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla from February 27, 1967 to 1969. Prior to serving as governor, he served as Administrator from 1966 to 1967. Phillips died at his home in Hodges Bay, Antigua on 20 February 2011 after a long illness at the age of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="30978180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978180" title="St Philip's Church, Sydney">
St Philip's Church, Sydney

St Philip's Church, Sydney is the oldest Anglican church parish in Australia. The church is located in the Sydney city centre between York Street, Clarence and Jamison Streets on a location known as Church Hill. St Philip's is part of the Diocese of Sydney, Australia. The church is listed on the Register of the National Estate.
History.
The original church was built by orders of the colony's first chaplain, Rev Richard Johnson using convict labour in June 1793. The wattle and daub construction church was later burnt down by convicts in 1798. A second stone church operated on the current site of Lang Park from 1810 to 1856. It was made from poor materials and gained a reputation as "the ugliest church in Christendom". This second church had a 150-feet high, round clock tower.
The current building on York Street is the second church building on Church Hill (the wattle and daub church was built on the corner of Bligh and Hunter Streets), and was designed by Edmund Blacket. It was built 1848-56. The church tower was styled after Magdalen Tower at Oxford, United Kingdom, and was opened in 1856.
The bells were cast by Thomas Mears in the Whitechapel Bell Foundry.
Ministers.
Prominent ministers in the life of the church include William Cowper, his son William Cowper (the first Australian-born preacher), T. C. Hammond, Sydney James Kirkby and former Archbishop of Sydney Donald Robinson.
The church is also known as York Street Anglican and the current Rector is Justin Moffatt, who was previously at Christ Church, New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="30978226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978226" title="USS SC-1">
USS SC-1

USS "SC-1", prior to July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 1" or USS "S.C. 1", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. 
"SC-1" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at Naval Station New Orleans in New Orleans, Louisiana. She was commissioned on either 1 or 8 October 1917 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 1", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 1".
During World War I, "S.C. 1" was based at Base 27, Plymouth, England, from which she conducted antisubmarine patrols against German submarines as a part of Unit 1 with the submarine chasers "S.C. 344" and USS "S.C. 345".
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 1" was classified as SC-1 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-1".
On 20 July 1921, the Navy sold "SC-1" to Henry A Hitner & Sons of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="30978255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978255" title="FUP">
FUP

FUP or Fup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30978275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978275" title="MRT Circle Line">
MRT Circle Line

The MRT Circle Line will be the third Mass Rapid Transit line for Klang Valley MRT and is currently under final planning and evaluation.
Announcement of alignment & station locations is expected on Q2 2011. The Circle Line is expected to cover the hotspots surrounding the KLCC, Jalan Bukit Bintang, the new Kuala Lumpur International Financial District in Dataran Perdana, KL Ecocity, Pusat Bandar Damansara and Sentul.
Rolling stock.
Trains are expected to be 4-carriages long and have a standard of 4 doors per side per carriage as similar to MRT Line 1 rolling stock proposal.

</doc>
<doc id="30978295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978295" title="Asian Americans in government and politics">
Asian Americans in government and politics

Asian Americans have a high level of political incorporation in terms of their actual voting population. However, as a result of this group's historically low voting rates, overall political incorporation of the general population is relatively low. Although the population of this group has increased in size by 600% in 30 years due to immigration, heavy naturalization and voter outreach efforts have provided this primarily foreign-born community with less than 1% of voters.
Officeholders.
In some areas where Asian Americans have large populations, Asian Americans have elected Asian American candidates at the city and local level; examples of this include Vietnamese Americans in Orange County and Chinese Americans in San Francisco. However, it is not always the case. For example, Korean Americans in Koreatown, Los Angeles and Filipino Americans in Daly City and San Diego have not elected city Asian American officials to represent them.
State government.
George Ariyoshi, who served as the Governor of Hawaii from 1974 to 1986, was the first American of Asian descent to be elected governor of a state of the United States. He continues to hold the record as the longest-serving state governor in Hawaii.
Benjamin Jerome "Ben" Cayetano served as the fifth Governor of the State of Hawaiʻi from 1994 to 2002. He is the first Filipino American to serve as a state governor in the United States.
In 1996 Gary Locke was elected governor of the state of Washington, becoming the first Chinese American to be elected governor in United States history and the first Asian American governor on the mainland. Locke served as governor from 1997-2005.
Bobby Jindal served in various executive positions in Louisiana and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services before being elected to the Congress in 2004, and finally winning the Louisiana gubernatorial elections in 2007 (thereby becoming the first non-white governor of Louisiana since Reconstruction), the first elected Indian American governor in U.S. history, as well as the second Asian American governor to serve in the continental United States.
Nikki Haley is the 116th and current Governor of South Carolina. Haley previously represented Lexington County in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 2005 to 2010. She is the first Sikh American governor in the United States, first female governor of South Carolina, second elected Indian American governor in U.S. history, as well as the third Asian American governor to serve in the continental United States. Nikki Haley's election wasn't the only first for Asian Americans to occur during the 2010 election cycle. In California Kamala Harris, who is half-Indian American, became the first female, first African American, and first Asian American state attorney general in the United States.
Congress.
Asian Americans make up 1.25% of congressional population in 2009. However, as 4.4% of the total population in the United States, this 1.25% still represents less than one-third of the total Asian American population.
Historic.
Benito Legarda y Tuason and Pablo Ocampo joined the House in 1907 as Resident Commissioners, becoming the first Asian Americans to serve in the Congress, albeit as non-voting members, and beginning the representation of the Philippines which ended in 1946.
Dalip Singh Saund, an Indian American from Imperial and Riverside Counties, was the first South Asian American elected into Congress, and was one of only two Indian Americans to have been elected, serving from 1957 to 1963. Hiram Fong, who served three decades in the Senate from 1959 to 1977, became the first Chinese American member of Congress, and first Asian American senator. Daniel Inouye (who served from 1959-2012) was the first Japanese American in the House and later the first in Senate. Spark Matsunaga was the second Japanese American to serve in the House (served 1971-77). Matsunaga and S. I. Hayakawa were the second and third Japanese Americans to serve in the Senate. Matsunaga served in the Senate between 1977 and 1990, while Hayakawa served in the Senate between 1977 and 1983.
Patsy Mink (served 1965-77 and again from 1990–2002) was the first Asian American woman and the first Japanese American woman to serve in Congress. Norman Mineta (served 1975-95) was the fourth Japanese American to serve in the House. Bob Matsui (served 1979-2005) was the fifth Japanese American to serve in the House. Bobby Scott, elected in 1993, is the first US born member of Congress to have Filipino ancestry. He was joined by Jay Kim, the first Korean American to be elected to Congress, as well as first Korean elected to a national office outside of Korea; since he left office there have been no Korean Americans in Congress. In 1998, David Wu was elected and became the only Chinese American of Taiwanese ancestry to serve be a member of Congress. Wu resigned in 2011, which was followed by a brief absence of Taiwanese Americans in Congress until the election of Grace Meng in 2012.
John Ensign, who is part Filipino American, was elected to the senate in 2000 and resigned in 2011; there have been no Filipino American senators since. In 2008, Joseph Cao of Louisiana became the first elected Vietnamese American in Congress; since he left office in 2011 there have been no Vietnamese Americans in Congress. In 2010, Inouye was sworn in as President Pro Tempore making him the highest-ranking Asian American politician in American history. That same year, Charles Djou became the first Thai American to be elected to Congress; he left Congress in 2011, and no Thai American served in the Congress until Tammy Duckworth was elected in 2012 as the first female Thai American, as well as the first Thailand-born representative. In 2011, Representative Hansen Clarke became the first Bangladeshi American to service in Congress.
Current.
There are seven Asian Americans in the House and two in the Senate. Representatives Mike Honda, Doris Matsui, Mazie Hirono, and Colleen Hanabusa are all Japanese Americans. Senator Daniel Akaka is part Native Hawaiian and part Chinese American. Representative Judy Chu is Chinese American. There are two Filipino Americans, Representatives Bobby Scott and Steve Austria, both of whom are Multiracial Americans. There is one South Asian American, a Bangladeshi American Representative Hansen Clarke, in Congress, he is also a Multiracial American.
Cabinet.
Norman Mineta became the first Asian American cabinet member, serving as Secretary of Commerce in 2000, then was appointed Secretary of Transportation between 2001 and 2006. Elaine Chao was selected as a White House Fellow, and then served in a series of appointed posts prior to becoming the Secretary of Labor from 2001 to 2009; she became the first, and as of February 2011 only, Asian American woman to be in the U.S. Cabinet. Neel Kashkari became the first Kashmiri to serve at the secretary level when President Bush appointed him Assistant Secretary of the Treasury to oversee the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) from October 2008 through May 2009.
Gary Locke became the first Chinese American Secretary of Commerce, and the third Asian American in the present cabinet. He joined Energy Secretary Steven Chu and Veteran Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki, tying the Bush Administration for having the most Asian Americans in cabinet positions in United States history, to date.
Voting trends.
From the 1940s to the 1990s most Asian Americans were anti-communist refugees who had fled mainland China, North Korea or Vietnam, and were strongly anti-Communist. Many had ties to conservative organizations. In recent years, more liberal Asian-American groups such as newer Chinese and Indian immigrants have greatly changed the Asian-American political demographics, as well as a larger proportion of younger Asian Americans, many of whom have completed college degrees.
In the 1992 presidential election Republican George H. W. Bush received 55% of the Asian-American vote compared to 31% for Democrat Bill Clinton. Asian Americans voted Republican and were the only racial group more conservative than whites in the 1990s, according to surveys. The Asian American vote has slowly shifted since then with Democrat John Kerry winning 56% of the Asian American vote in the 2004 U.S. Presidential Election; Chinese and Indian Americans were more likely to support John Kerry; whereas Vietnamese and Filipino Americans supported George Bush. The Japanese leaned towards Kerry, while the Koreans leaned towards Bush. Democrat Barack Obama won 62% of the Asian American vote in the 2008 U.S. Presidential Election,
^ "Exit Polls", CNN.</ref> with the margin increasing during the 2012 United States presidential elections, where Asian-American voters voted to re-elect Democrat Barack Obama by 73%.
Overall, Asian Americans as a whole tend to vote for Democrats, but this trend has been fairly recent. As recently as 2000 polling number had difficulty determining Asian American voter affiliation. With some polls indicating a tendency to vote Republican, while other polls indicated a trend to vote Democrat. Due to the smaller size of the groups population, in comparison to the population as a whole, it remains difficult to get an adequate sampling to forecast voter outcomes for Asian Americans. In 2008, polls indicated that 35% considered themselves non-partisan, 32% Democrats, 19% independents, and 14% Republicans. The 2012 National Asian American Survey, conducted by Professor Ramakrishnan of UC Riverside and Professor Lee of UC Berkeley, found that 51% considered themselves non-partisan, 33% Democrats, 14% Republicans, and 2% Other; Hmong, Indian, and Korean Americans strongly identified as Democrats, and Filipino and Vietnamese Americans most strongly identified as Republicans. In 2013, according to the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund, Chinese Americans were the least likely Asian American ethnicity to have a party affiliation, with only one third belonging to a party.
Neither the Republican nor Democratic parties have financed significant efforts to the registration of Asian Americans, however much more attention has been focused on contributions from Asian Americans, having once been referred to as "Republican Jews". As recently as 2006 the outreach of America's two major political parties have been unbalanced, with the Democratic Party devoting more resources in attracting Asian Americans. Political affiliation aside, Asian Americans have trended to become more politically active as a whole, with 2008 seeing an increase of voter participation by 4% to a 49% voting rate.

</doc>
<doc id="30978309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978309" title="Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi">
Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi

Plot.
Ritsu Onodera, a literary editor, resigns from his father's publishing company, due to his coworkers' jealousy of his success, claiming that he is simply riding his father's coattails. He applies for a position at Marukawa Publishing in order to move away from his father's shadow, but instead of his preferred department of literature he is placed in the infamous shōjo manga department, Emerald. He initially considers resigning, especially because he finds his new boss, Masamune Takano, intolerable and unnerving from the very beginning; however, Takano inadvertently convinces Onodera to stick with the job by calling him "useless," his pride forcing him to stay in order to prove his worth. Later, Onodera learns that Takano's old family name was Saga, and that he was an older schoolmate from high school that Onodera fell in love with and confessed to. It turns out Takano still has feelings for Onodera, and he tells him he will make him fall in love with him again. The series shows how Takano slowly achieves this goal, and the obstacles the two face.
There are also two other couples in this show; their stories are shown in later episodes. The characters follow Onodera's fellow editors: Hatori and his longtime friend (and manga artist he's in charge of) Yoshino, as well as Kisa and the attractive bookstore employee he has his eye on, Yukina.
An extra novel follows salesman and longtime friend of Takano's, Yokozawa, as he’s swept off his feet following a harsh breakup by attractive widower and single father Kirishima.
Media.
Manga.
Written and illustrated by Shungiku Nakamura, "Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi" began serialization in 2007 in "The Ruby" magazine. From July 2009 to present, however, it is being published in "Asuka Ciel" magazine. The individual chapters have been released as six tankōbon volumes by Kadokawa Shoten's "Asuka Comic CL-DX" branch. The first volume was published on July 1, 2008, and the sixth on September 27, 2011. "Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi" has not yet been released in English. The series was originally licensed for English-language release in North America by Tokyopop's Blu Manga, with volume 1 due for release on 12 July 2011. However, since the 31 May 2011 closure of Tokyopop's publishing efforts, it is currently not licensed for English release. 
Novels.
As of April 2011, there have been four novels published telling the story of Hatori and Yoshino, titled "Yoshino Chiaki no Baai" (The Case of Chiaki Yoshino), authored by Fujisaki Miyako. There are also mini-comics drawn by Shungiku Nakamura included at the end of each novel.
As of December 2012, three novels about Yokozawa and his new lover have been published, titled "Yokozawa Takafumi no Baai" (The Case of Takafumi Yokozawa). These novels also include mini-comics. In 2013's January issue of Asuka Ciel magazine, it was confirmed that an anime adaptation film of this story is currently in development. The series director, Chiaki Kon, will also be directing the film. In addition, a special "Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi" anime short called ""Valentine-hen"'" will screen alongside the film on March 15, 2014.
Anime.
The first season opening for the anime is "Sekai de Ichiban Koishiteru" by Shuhei Kita and the ending is "Ashita Boku wa Kimi ni Ai ni Iku" by Wakaba. The second season opening is "Sekai no Hate ni Kimi ga Itemo" by Shuhei Kita and the ending is "Aikotoba" by Sakura Merry-Men. The second season featured Junjou Mistake in episode 6. An OVA, bundled with the limited edition manga Vol. 6, was released in September.

</doc>
<doc id="30978352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978352" title="Leonard Campbell Taylor">
Leonard Campbell Taylor

Leonard Campbell Taylor (12 December 1874 – 1 July 1969) was a British painter of mainly portraits and interiors in a traditional style. Among his patrons was the founding family of Courtaulds and the Courtauld Institute of Art.
Born at Oxford, Leonard Taylor was the son of James Taylor, organist at New College and for the University of Oxford. There he studied at that the Dragon School when it was still located in Crick Road under the first headmaster, Rev. A. E. Clark. He was the second of four brothers at the school and later designed the front cover of the school magazine, "The Draconian", in 1900. He went on to study at Cheltenham College with a scholarship and then the Ruskin School in Oxford, before moving on to the St John's Wood Art School, London. From 1895 to 1900, he was a student as the Royal Academy School.
Taylor exhibited primarily in London and Paris, and lived in Suffolk. He served as an official war artist with the infantry and later the Royal Navy during the First World War. His war art is primarily "documentary" in nature and painstakingly accurate.

</doc>
<doc id="30978391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978391" title="Mormon Literature &amp; Creative Arts">
Mormon Literature &amp; Creative Arts

Mormon Literature & Creative Arts is a database of Latter-day Saint media and creators. It contains entries on film, music, and writings, as well as directors, composers, and writers. It is "an important critical resource that seeks to comprehensively list literary writings and associated artistic works by and about Mormons".
As evidenced by its name, it launched as a catalogue of Mormon authors and literature in the mid-1990s by Gideon Burton, a BYU English professor. It was further expanded as a relational database called the Mormon Literature Database in 2003, and in 2007 was expanded to include other forms of media, and was newly christened Mormon Literature & Creative Arts (MLCA). It is currently sponsored by BYU's Harold B. Lee Library.

</doc>
<doc id="30978441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978441" title="Hillerman, Illinois">
Hillerman, Illinois

Hillerman is an unincorporated community in Massac County, Illinois, United States. Hillerman is west-northwest of Joppa.

</doc>
<doc id="30978474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978474" title="Rita Moss">
Rita Moss

Rita Moss is an American jazz and ballad singer born in Akron, Ohio, notable for her 4-octave vocal range. Although she took piano lessons as a child, she is a mostly self-taught multi-instrumentalist who can play piano, organ and drums. Moss grew up in Long Island, New York, and credits the discovery of her vocal range talent to her singing along to saxophonist Freddy Gardner's recording of "Body and Soul", a record she had turned up in a Manhattan store bargain bin.
Career.
She first came to attention following a debut at New York's Park Avenue Restaurant, where public reception led to a stay of over 7 months. Appearances in London, Ontario and Cleveland, Ohio followed, including performances at jazz DJ and impresario Leonard Feather's concerts. Initially billed as "Reta" Moss, her first single was released in January 1950 on Futurama Records, a local label run by Main Stem record store owner Arthur Bangel. Bangel formed Futurama to cut jazz, blues and rhythm, including artists involved in Feathers' contemporary bop concerts at Carnegie Hall. 
In the early 1950s Moss cut a few singles on Debonair, Decca and Mercury, including a 4 song EP on Clef (Verve) in 1952 with Chicago's George Williams Orchestra, although her first LP, "Introducing Rita Moss", would be issued by Epic Records only in 1956. The selections were standards by the likes of Hart, Rodgers, Gershwin, Webster and Ellington; the release was notable in that one number was an original by Moss. A brief review in Billboard notes her "remarkable" vocal range and "breezy whimsical style". In 1956, she headlined at the Living Room night club in New York, and in 1957, decided to head for the West Coast. 
From 1957 to 1966 Moss appears to have focused on touring and night-club appearances. Sporadic singles cropped up on obscure labels and a four-song EP appeared on Moss's private Los Angeles-based label Rozell, including at least one self-penned song, Bobby's Blues, copyrighted under the name of Rita Roszelle. This period shows Moss honing exotica type vocal gymnastics in the vein of Yma Sumac to whom she had earlier drawn comparisons. The Gothic single features an arranging credit to Jack Montrose, a key West Coast jazz figure. The turn of the 1960s saw Moss playing LA area venues including Hollywood's Exotica Club and the Tahitian Village. In 1964 she did 2 consecutive extended stints at the Riverside Hotel's Showboat Lounge, playing simultaneous organ and piano with vocal. In 1966 she turned up at a popular San Diego club where her 2nd LP, of live material, "Rita Moss Reigns at Islandia", was issued on the Islandia's house label and generated considerable local acclaim for her vocal range, Sumac-esque stylizing and scat vocals. Airplay and coverage by radio and TV stations such as KOGO, KFMX and KFMB (then home of Regis Philbin) attracted the attention of Dot Records who would go on to issue 3 LP's. 
"talk to me tiger!", the first Dot LP, consisted of several familiar live club repertoire numbers from the Islandia LP, plus ballad material; the next LP, "Superb", was arranged and conducted by Marty Paich. In 1968, the third and last Dot LP produced a now obscure eponymous single that would become arguably Moss's most enduring song: "Just a Dream Ago", although the LP also included a worthy cover of "Sleep Safe and Warm", the theme from the film Rosemary's Baby.
A captivating night-club performer rather than a recording artist, "Queen Moss" to her performance fans, her impressive vocal talents and musical ambidexterity in a live setting failed to translate into record sales and broad appeal.
In the 1970s Moss recorded an LP of spiritual jazz issued on the private Retep label in San Diego. The compositions were mostly self-penned, with a lyrics co-credit to Dr. Russell Paul Schofield, founder-director of Actualism for Lightworkers, a spiritual training regime. Moss continued to perform live in San Diego and Los Angeles into the 2000s.
Personal life.
As of 1964, Rita Moss was married to Bob Roszelle who was also her manager.

</doc>
<doc id="30978499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978499" title="Miss Universo Chile 2005">
Miss Universo Chile 2005

Miss Universo Chile 2005, the 46th Miss Chile pageant, was held in Santiago de Chile on May 9, 2005. The pageant was broadcast live on TVO from Hacienda Santa Martina. At the conclusion of the night, outgoing titleholder Gabriela Barros crowned Renata Ruiz as the new Miss Chile. 
Delegates.
14 delegates were selected this year.

</doc>
<doc id="30978501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978501" title="Jonathan Kay">
Jonathan Kay

Jonathan Hillel Kay (born September 18, 1968) is Comment Pages Editor for the Toronto-based Canadian daily newspaper National Post, a columnist for the "Post" op-ed page, a blogger for the "Post" web site, a book author and editor, and a public speaker. He is also a regular contributor to "Commentary Magazine" and the New York Post. His freelance articles have been published in a variety of US publications including "Newsweek", "The New Yorker", Salon.com, "The New Republic", "Harper's Magazine", the "Los Angeles Times", "The Weekly Standard", "The Literary Review of Canada", "The National Interest" and "The New York Times".
Early life and career.
Jonathan Kay was born and raised in Montreal. His mother is the socially conservative newspaper columnist Barbara Kay. He attended Selwyn House School and Marianopolis College before obtaining a BEng and a MEng in metallurgical engineering from McGill University and a law degree from Yale Law School. He is a member of the New York bar. After practicing as a tax lawyer in New York City, Kay moved to Toronto, where, in 1998, he became a founding member of the "National Post" editorial board. Kay describes himself as an avid tennis enthusiast, and sometimes has incorporated his passion for the sport into his journalism.
Apart from his editorial work, Kay has also written two non-fiction books. In 2007, Kay co-authored "The Volunteer", a biography of Mossad officer Michael Ross. In May 2011, HarperCollins published Kay's second book, "Among the Truthers: A Journey Through America's Growing Conspiracist Underground" (ISBN 978-0-06-200481-9). The book reflects Kay's interest in the psychology of conspiracy theorists, a subject he often has explored in his "National Post" columns.
Reactions to Kay's writings.
Kay often endorses views regarded as conservative, particularly on the subjects of Israel, political correctness and policy toward North American Aboriginals. However, he also has dissented from conservatives on a variety of issues. In recent years, for example, he has written articles raising awareness about income inequality, and questioning the conduct of the Iraq War. Kay also supports same-sex marriage. In 2010, Kay argued that conservatives are wrong to continue challenging the majority scientific view on global warming. In response, "Financial Post" columnist Terence Corcoran, a noted climate-change skeptic, argued that Kay's support of the anthropogenic climate change theory was based on unproven environmentalist dogmas.
Kay's book critical of the claims made by the 9/11 Truth Movement, "Among the Truthers", generally received positive reviews in major media outlets, such as "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal", and "The Economist".
Awards and recognition.
In 2002, he was awarded Canada's National Newspaper Award for Critical Writing. In 2004, he was awarded a National Newspaper Award for Editorial Writing. He is currently a visiting fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies.

</doc>
<doc id="30978515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978515" title="Cecil Elphinstone">
Cecil Elphinstone

Augustus Cecil Elphinstone (1874–1964) was an Australian businessman and politician. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for the electoral district of Oxley (Queensland) from 1918 until 1929.
Biography.
Augustus Cecil Elphinstone was born on 13 September 1874 in London, England. His father was Henry Walker Elphinstone, a clerk, and his mother was Harriet Anne Elphinstone, née Eldred. 
After receiving his education at Forest House College, Woodford, he worked briefly for the Bank of England before travelling to Charters Towers, Queensland in 1892. He returned to England in 1894 and embarked on a 14-year career in insurance, eventually serving as general manager of the Welsh Insurance Corporation. During this time, he married Louisa Dinah Lloyd on 5 October 1897, with whom he had five children, and he also spent seven years in the British Territorial Army.
In 1912 he returned to Queensland and experimented with tobacco farming near Bowen and then moved to Brisbane in 1914 to found the Queensland Cement and Lime Company. During World War I he was involved in several business ventures and served in the Australian Imperial Force for a few months in 1918. 
Also in 1918, Elphinstone began his political career, standing for the electoral district of Oxley (Queensland) as a member of the Nationalist Party and winning a seat in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland. He resigned from his party in 1929 and soon after lost his seat.
He died in Brisbane on 24 March 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="30978523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978523" title="Shady Grove, Illinois">
Shady Grove, Illinois

Shady Grove is an unincorporated community in Massac County, Illinois, United States. Shady Grove is east of Brookport.

</doc>
<doc id="30978564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978564" title="Boris Boillon">
Boris Boillon

Boris Boillon (born 9 December 1969) was the French ambassador to Tunisia until 24 August 2012. Previously, he was ambassador to Iraq.
Early life.
Arabic-speaker, Boris Boillon spent his chidhood in Bejaia, where his father, an English professor, and his mother, a schoolteacher, were based in the 60s and 70s.
Career.
First Steps in Diplomacy.
Boillon Boris graduated from the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and the Institut national des langues et civilisations orientales. After a mission to the sultanate of Oman in Muscat from 1993 to 1994, he was admitted to the competition for access to employment of foreign affairs advisor (East part) in 1998. He was then appointed editor of Foreign Policy and Security Service Joint Headquarters (1999–2001) and advisor to the French embassy in Algiers (2001–2004). Between August 2004 and April 2006, he was Consul-General Jerusalem as deputy special representative of the European Union for the peace process in the Middle East. Later, he was Special Adviser to the Ministry of Interior and Spatial Planning (mission to the European and International Affairs).
In January 2007, Boris Boillon became diplomatic adviser to the Minister of State and Minister of the Interior and Regional Planning Nicolas Sarkozy and retained this role under François Baroin, Minister Interior and Spatial Planning, until April of that year. Following the victory of Nicolas Sarkozy in the presidential election, Boris Boillon became "North Africa, Near and Middle East" advisor to the Presidency of the Republic.
With Claude Gueant, Boris Boillon worked on the issue of Bulgarian nurses held in Libya. He organized the visit to Paris in December 2007 Gaddafi whom he has often supported. Became ambassador, he says, and the end of 2010:
In his passage in "Le Grand Journal" in November 2010, he acknowledged that the supreme leader of Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, calls him "my son".
Ambassador to Iraq (2009 - 2011).
Boris Boillon is officially appointed by the Council of Ministers embassador of France in Iraq in July 2009. The ambassador, who is responsible among other things competing for contracts, and said the magazine" Challenges"
Supporting U.S. intervention in Iraq, Ambassador sees himself criticized for his comments by the researcher of the "Institut de relations internationales et stratégiques" Pascal Boniface.
Boillon defends his record:
In an interview with the "Figaro" in August 2010, Boris Boillon said:
Ambassador to Tunisia (2011 - 2012).
On February 9, 2011 Boris Boillon is appointed ambassador of France in Tunis instead of Pierre Ménat that the costs of errors of assessment by the French foreign policy at the Tunisian revolution.
Arrived in Tunis on February 16, he is responsible, according to the spokesperson of the Quai d'Orsay, "a new momentum, based on a new shared ambition" to renew ties between the people of Tunisia and France . His appointment does not, however, unanimously. Former ambassador Charles Crettien published an article in" Le Monde" to describe this choice as "shocking" or even "dangerous".
Shortly after taking office, Boris Boillon invites Tunisian journalists at the embassy but he just disgraced himself by insulting Tunisian journalists. Mr Boillon still dismissed a question about the handling of the Tunisian crisis by Michèle Alliot-Marie as "daft", calling the journalists "morons" and "no one" and then stops abruptly the interview after new "insults". Several hundred people demonstrated on Feb. 19 at the embassy to request his departure, denouncing his "lack of Diplomacy" and "aggressiveness". The same evening, he apologized at the Tunisian national television to journalists and all Tunisians".
Often described as a "wonder boy" ambitious and proactive, is calling himself a "Sarko product", its style is the subject various comments in the French press and Tunisian who remind that "one of the slogans of the "Jasmine Revolution" was "Dignity""
Trivia.
He was appointed Knight of the Legion of Honour December 31, 2010, thanks to his involvement in the HIV trial in Libya
He was arrested July 31, 2013 by French Customs Officer at Paris, Gare Du Nord, holding €350,000 and $40,000 in cash while on his way to Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="30978587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978587" title="Goodbye, Michael">
Goodbye, Michael

"Goodbye, Michael" is the twenty-second episode of the seventh season of the American comedy series "The Office" and the show's 148th episode overall. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 28, 2011. In the episode, Michael prepares to leave for Colorado with Holly, and spends his last day in the office saying goodbye to everyone individually, wanting no drama to ensue. Meanwhile, new manager Deangelo and Andy try to keep Michael's biggest clients. It was aired hours before the Royal Wedding, which overshadowed the episode's ratings. 
The episode was written by series developer and executive producer Greg Daniels and was directed by Paul Feig. It marks the final appearance of Steve Carell as a series regular having announced he was leaving the series near the end of the sixth season. The episode aired as an extended 50-minute episode, having originally been meant to be a two-parter combined with the previous episode, "Michael's Last Dundies". The episode featured guest appearances from Will Ferrell and Amy Ryan, although Andy Buckley appeared in a deleted scene.
"Goodbye, Michael" was met with critical acclaim from critics and fans and is considered one of the best episodes of "The Office". The later seasons that followed this airing received extensive criticism for a decline in quality, and many critics believed that it could have served as a potential series finale. In a poll conducted by fansite "OfficeTally", the episode was named the best episode of the seventh season. The episode was viewed by 8.416 million viewers and received a 4.2 rating/11% share in the 18–49 demographic, making it the third-highest-rated episode of the season among adults between ages 18 and 49. It later received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Carell and Daniels' work on the episode.
Synopsis.
Michael (Steve Carell) arrives at work for what he claims is his second-to-last day before he moves to Colorado to live with his fiancee, Holly (Amy Ryan). As the day progresses, he tries to have an individual goodbye with each employee. A phone call with Holly reveals that this is his last day, and he is flying out to Colorado that night. After having a few mini-crises, including getting cold feet, he starts to break down, but regains his composure after speaking with Holly. Pam leaves the office to supposedly run errands, but takes a break from the workday to see "The King's Speech" before Michael can say his goodbye to her.
Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) is given Michael's client list as a going-away present, and after losing one, requests the help of Deangelo Vickers (Will Ferrell) to retain them. Vickers nearly ruins a relationship with a client but Andy gains enough confidence to salvage the sale. Along the way, Vickers reveals that he was not hired for his business experience, but because he helped prevent the theft of one of Sabre CEO Jo Bennett's dogs. Meanwhile, Dwight (Rainn Wilson) is antagonistic towards Michael, still bitter over Michael not recommending him for a manager position, despite Michael's attempts to reconcile. He initially expresses disdain for Michael's going-away present, a recommendation letter, but appears touched as he reads further. He also discovers a card challenging him to a paintball match, and the two play behind the building.
Gabe (Zach Woods) is taking Erin's (Ellie Kemper) public breakup badly. He makes several threats against Andy, who had dated Erin before she dated Gabe, and follows Erin into the women's bathroom to make his case. Michael advises Erin that she does not necessarily need to choose Andy or Gabe, telling her that she is smart enough to know what to do.
Jim (John Krasinski) deduces over the course of the day that Michael is leaving early and confronts him about it. Michael admits his plans, and begins a personal goodbye, but breaks down after a few words. Jim, trying to hold back tears, in turn says how much he respects Michael, and that Michael was the best boss he ever had and they jokingly promise to have a proper goodbye over lunch the next day. Michael's cab to the airport then arrives, and Michael departs the office after one last look at the employees, exiting silently. His cab pulls out of the parking lot just as Pam is pulling in. At the airport, Michael asks the camera crew to inform him if the documentary ever airs, then turns over his microphone, quipping one last "That's what she said" about how good it will feel to "get this thing mic off chest". He begins to walk off when Pam makes it past security and runs up to him. They hug twice and say goodbyes that are not heard by the camera. Pam says in an interview that Michael was not sad, that he was hopeful and excited to start his new life with Holly. Pam stands at the gate and watches Michael's plane take off.
In the epilogue, several of the staff share thoughts about Michael in private interviews. The episode finishes with a scene that takes place the next morning, with the entire staff waiting in the conference room for Michael to arrive for his farewell party, unaware he has already left, with the exception of Jim and Pam. When DeAngelo deduces Michael is not coming, he begins tearing pieces off Michael's farewell cake (a major subplot point of the episode) and throwing them in the trash, in a bizarre public internal struggle over his dieting. The rest of the staff watch their new boss's outburst with concern.
Production.
"Goodbye, Michael" was written by series developer and executive producer Greg Daniels, his 10th writing credit of the series. The episode was directed by Paul Feig, marking his 14th credit for the series. On June 28, 2010, it was confirmed that the seventh season of "The Office" would be Steve Carell's last. He had previously announced this while being interviewed on BBC Radio. "I just think it's time... I want to fulfill my contract. When I first signed on I had a contract for seven seasons, and this coming year is my seventh. I just thought it was time for my character to go," Carell was quoted as saying. In January 2011, it was announced that Carell would exit the show early, four episodes before the end of the season. A few weeks after this announcement came the news that Will Ferrell, who previously starred alongside Carell in "", had signed on to appear in a four-episode arc as a Dunder Mifflin branch manager who temporarily takes Michael Scott's position in Scranton. To help ease the transition, Ferrell appeared in Carell's final episodes as well as one additional episode after he departs.
The writers had gone through different scenarios on how Michael would leave with one suggestion being that he was fired due to a business mistake. They ultimately decided that ending would not be "as much fun for the viewers". According to Daniels, filming on set actors being "very emotional" and would often be "sadder than their characters were supposed to be". Andy Buckley confirmed filming a scene saying goodbye to Michael as David Wallace; however, these scenes were deleted from the network airing. When the episode re-aired three weeks later, it was split into two parts, and Wallace's scene was inserted into the first part. Steve Carell finished filming his final scenes for "Goodbye, Michael" on March 4, 2011. As a goodbye gift, Carell was given a hockey jersey with the #1 — his number on the call sheet. After Carell's departure the number was no longer used. The episode ran for an extended 50 minutes instead of the usual 30 minutes. The episode marks the first extended episode since the third season penultimate episode, "Beach Games". Greg Daniels stated in an interview with "Entertainment Weekly" that due to Ferrell's performance and Michael's goodbyes, the episode "ended up being real long". NBC Entertainment Chairman Robert Greenblatt allowed Daniels to "do whatever is best [...] to give Steve the proper goodbye.
Cultural references.
"Goodbye, Michael" features several references to previous episodes. During one scene, Michael puts his Dundie on his desk, a homage to the final shot in the series opening sequence. Michael's obsession with basketball and wanting to use the baler serves as a reference to the season one episode, "Basketball" and the season three episode "Safety Training", respectively. Michael's character Ping appears, having previously appeared in "The Dundies" and "The Seminar." It also featured the reforming of the Party Planning Committee after being broken up in "Moroccan Christmas", and briefly showed Creed's continual habit of using the women's bathroom as seen in "Women's Appreciation". Michael gives Darryl his book "Somehow I Manage", which was originally mentioned in "Happy Hour." Two callbacks are made to the episode "Christmas Party": Phyllis' gift to Michael being homemade sewn mittens and Dwight wanting to play paintball with Michael. Michael's goodbye to Pam serves as a homage to a scene in the British version of "The Office", where Tim Canterbury proclaims his love for Dawn Tinsley in a meeting room, but Tim turns off his microphone first so the cameras pick up only their reactions and no sound. This scene was also referenced in the fifth season finale, "Company Picnic.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Goodbye, Michael" originally aired on April 28, 2011 in a 50-minute timeslot from 9 p.m. ET to 9:50 p.m. ET. Nielsen ratings were expected to be high since it was Carell's last episode and also due to the extended timeslot with 22.66% of readers of TV by the Numbers predicting the episode would receive above a 6.0 rating in the 18–49 demographic. However, the episode was viewed by an estimated 8.416 million viewers and received a 4.2 rating/11% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that it was seen by 4.2% of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 11% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This marked a twenty-six percent rise in the ratings from the previous episode, "Michael's Last Dundies". This made the episode the most-watched episode of the season and the third-highest-rated episode of the season after "Ultimatum" and "Nepotism" in the 18–49 demo. The episode ranked first in its timeslot beating "Grey's Anatomy", "" and "Bones". "Goodbye, Michael" was the most-watched scripted show for the week of broadcast among adults aged 18–49 and the second highest-rated NBC program after "The Voice". Added with DVR viewers, "Goodbye, Michael" received a 5.9 rating marking a 37 percent rise from the original viewership. The first half-hour of the producer's cut received a 2.76 million viewers, and a 1.1 rating/3% share in the 18–49 demographic, while the second half-hour attained 2 million viewers and a 0.9 rating/3% share in the 18–49 demographic.
Reviews.
Since its airing, "Goodbye, Michael" was met with critical acclaim and is considered one of the best episodes of "The Office" by critics and fans. Cindy White of IGN said that overall the episode was "one of those historic television moments". She went on to praise the character's awareness of the camera crew along with Michael saying his goodbyes to the staff. She ultimately gave the episode a 9 out of 10. The A.V. Club writer Myles McNutt considered the episode to be a classic and praised Greg Daniels choice of showing "their Michael Scott". He ultimately gave the episode an A. TV Squad writer Joel Keller wrote the episode felt like the series finale and that "As final episodes go, this one was a mixed bag". "Entertainment Weekly"'s Hillary Busis praised Carell's performance. HitFix writer Daniel Feinberg wrote that while the episode "wasn't flawless" it was "an appropriate disentanglement". Despite this, he criticized the episode for proving the point that the show could not survive without Michael. Despite this he complimented the performance of the supporting actors. "New York" writer Phoebe Reilly slightly criticized Pam's silent goodbye to Michael. Despite this, she said, Dwight's tears in his talking head and Jim's goodbye to Michael "achieved the bearable level of poignancy". Rob Sheffield of "Rolling Stone" praised the ending of the episode and the reference to the original British version of "The Office". BuddyTV writer Meghan Carlson called Oscar's scarecrow gift scene the best moment of the episode. HitFix reviewer Alan Sepinwall called the episode "a pretty fantastic tribute to that man on his way out the door."
Will Ferrell's performance received mixed reviews from critics. Rob Sheffield called his performance "pure magic", while Miles McNutt said that his scenes were a "momentum killer". Cindy White criticized the writers for waiting for Ferrell's second-to last episode to give his character a "juicy quirk". Soon after the episode's airdate, the series received publicity for a possible storyline featuring Phyllis as Erin's birth mother. The rumor was started during an interview with executive producer Greg Daniels with "Entertainment Weekly" in which he stated "A tiny mystery story – which I'm not sure anyone’s going to catch and will come out a few episodes from now – is being set up here". This was further explored in the seventh season finale, "Search Committee", where it was proven false.
The episode has also been put on several top ten lists for 2011. "Time" reviewer James Poniewozik named the episode the second best television episode of 2011 calling the episode "pitch-perfect". The A.V. Club named the episode among the top 2011 TV highlights. David Sims wrote that "Although every member of the ensemble gets a moment in the sun, Michael’s silent airport farewell to Pam [...] works best of all, a testament to the audience's deep understanding of these characters". Daniel Feinberg named Carell's final episodes for "The Office" the 20th-best television episodes of 2011, although he only named Carell's final episodes under the banner. He mainly praised Carell's performance for switching from both laughs to sadness with a nuance. "TV Guide" named the episode the 12-best episode of 2011 and compared the episode to the humor of the series calling it "understated and pitch-perfect". "Goodbye, Michael" was voted the highest-rated episode out of 24 from the season, according to an episode poll by the fansite, "OfficeTally". In another poll, the episode was voted the fourth highest-rated episode of the series, out of 139, receiving 403 votes.
Awards and recognition.
Greg Daniels, who wrote the script, received a nomination for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series at the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards. Steve Carell had also submitted this episode for consideration for his nomination for Outstanding Lead in a Comedy Series. Daniels eventually lost to Jeffrey Richman and Steven Levitan of "Modern Family" for the episode "Caught in the Act", while Carell lost to Jim Parsons of "The Big Bang Theory". "Office" star Rainn Wilson expressed anger for the snub on Twitter saying "The world of TV should be ashamed of itself that Steve Carell never won an Emmy for Michael Gary Scott. Goodnight." Former "Office" writer Michael Schur and director Paul Feig also criticized this choice with Schur calling it a "goddamn fucking embarrassment". Daniels had also received a nomination for the , but once again lost to Richman and Levitan.

</doc>
<doc id="30978597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978597" title="Unionville, Massac County, Illinois">
Unionville, Massac County, Illinois

Unionville is an unincorporated community in Massac County, Illinois, United States. Unionville is east of Brookport.

</doc>
<doc id="30978624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978624" title="Unionville, Illinois">
Unionville, Illinois

Unionville, Illinois may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30978636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978636" title="Dinner Time (album)">
Dinner Time (album)

Dinner Time is the debut album by Boot Camp Clik member Louieville Sluggah. It was released in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="30978693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978693" title="Eckblad">
Eckblad

Eckblad is a Norwegian surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30978716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978716" title="USS SC-2">
USS SC-2

USS "SC-2", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 2" or USS "S.C. 2", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. 
"SC-2" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at Naval Station New Orleans in New Orleans, Louisiana. She was commissioned on 8 January 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 2", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 2".
During World War I, "S.C. 2" served under the command of Ensign B.D. Wood on antisubmarine patrol duty in the Special Hunting Squadron, Group, against German submarines in the Gulf of Mexico, and was based at Key West, Florida.
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 2" was classified as SC-2 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-2".
On 29 October 1930, the Navy sold "SC-2" to the City of New Orleans, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="30978721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978721" title="ProtectMarriage.com">
ProtectMarriage.com

ProtectMarriage.com is a collection of conservative and religious American political activist groups aligned in opposition to same-sex marriage. The coalition's stated goal is to "defend and restore the definition of marriage as between a man and a woman." Beginning in 2001 as Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education Fund holding the domain name protectmarriage.com, the organization reformed in 2005 as a coalition to sponsor California Proposition 8, called the California Marriage Protection Act, and was successful in placing it on the ballot in 2008. Proposition 8 amended the California Constitution, putting a halt to same-sex marriages in California for nearly two years until the proposition was overturned as unconstitutional. While it was in effect, ProtectMarriage.com defended the amendment in a series of legal challenges. Ron Prentice is the executive director.
History.
In 2001, an organization was formed to defend the previous year's California Proposition 22 against legal challenges, to maintain Prop 22's definition of marriage in California as being between a man and a woman. The group, Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education Fund, formed as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, and established a website at protectmarriage.com in September 2002. With California State Senator William J. "Pete" Knight serving as chairman of the board, the group reported "just over $266,000 of revenue" in its first year. Andrew Pugno held the role of chief counsel—he had been associated with Knight's marriage definition legislation since 1995. Pugno helped Knight form the nonprofit.
Knight died in May 2004. In March 2005, a San Francisco Superior Court judge ruled Prop 22 unconstitutional, and in April, AB 205 was passed by the California legislature; a law which extended many marriage benefits to domestic partners of any sex. These challenges to the one-man-one-woman definition of marriage spurred a change in strategy: rather than defend Prop 22, the advocates associated with the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education Fund would re-organize under a new name to pass new legislation. Ron Prentice, executive director of the California Family Council, teamed with former Prop 22 defenders, including Pugno, to establish a coalition of like-minded groups such as Alliance Defense Fund. The name ProtectMarriage.com was first presented online mid-2005.
Organization.
Ron Prentice, the executive director of ProtectMarriage.com, is a licensed marriage and family therapist. In addition to his duties at the organization, he serves as Chief Executive Officer of the California Family Council.
Andrew Pugno is lead counsel at ProtectMarriage.com. He coauthored Proposition 8, and continues its legal defense. Pugno began his efforts against same-sex marriage in 1995 with then-assemblyman Pete Knight. He served as chief counsel in the defense of Proposition 22.
In July 2008, ProtectMarriage.com hired Jennifer Kerns as communications director. Kerns, a public relations consultant, was previously the communications director for Steve Poizner's successful 2006 bid for the position of California Insurance Commissioner. She also served as assistant to California Secretary of State Bruce McPherson, analyzing election practices and results.
ProtectMarriage.com comprises three programs: Proposition 8 Legal Defense Fund, the ProtectMarriage.com Educational Foundation and ProtectMarriage.com Action Fund.
Relations with other organizations.
Members of the coalition include: the Family Research Council, Focus on the Family, and the California Family Alliance.
Catholics for ProtectMarriage.com was formed to support the Proposition 8 campaign. The organization was a collaboration between the Knights of Columbus, the California Catholic Conference and Catholics for the Common Good.
L. Whitney Clayton is The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints liaison with the coalition.
Proposition 8.
In April, 2008, ProtectMarriage.com submitted a petition containing 1,120,801 signatures—426,447 more than was necessary to put the measure on the ballot. It appeared on the ballot as the Eliminates Rights of Same-Sex Couples to Marry Initiative Constitutional Amendment but was called the California Marriage Protection Act by proponents. The proponents of the measure spent approximately $40 million to promote the proposition, which passed, defining marriage in California as being between one man and one woman. According to Prentice, the Yes on Proposition 8 campaign was "the single largest, most powerful grassroots movement in the history of American ballot initiative campaigns."
"Strauss v. Horton".
Opponents of Prop 8 filed a legal challenge in the California Supreme Court. The Proposition 8 legal defense team featured Ken Starr. The court upheld the constitutionality of the amendment.
"Perry v. Schwarzenegger".
ProtectMarriage.com took on the role of main defense in "Perry v. Schwarzenegger", the case challenging Proposition 8 in federal court. Under the leadership of California State Senator Dennis Hollingsworth, ProtectMarriage.com hired attorney Charles Cooper of Cooper & Kirk to form the defense. Pugno said he considered a number of legal firms but settled upon Cooper & Kirk because he believed them on par with Theodore Olson, former United States Solicitor General, the attorney for the plaintiffs. In October 2009, Cooper "deflected" an effort by Liberty Counsel to use the court case to prove that homosexuality was an "illness or disorder". Cooper explained to reporters his view that Liberty Counsel wanted to fight battles that "can't be won." Pugno said that ProtectMarriage.com has tried to distance itself from "strident and combative" fringe groups in order to set a "civilized tone" for the defense, in the same manner as the proposition campaign.
The court case would have been the first federal trial to be captured live by video cameras, shown in real time at public courthouses in San Francisco, Pasadena, Seattle, Portland, and Brooklyn, through an experimental new system developed by the Ninth Circuit Appeals Court. The trial would also have been shown on the video-sharing website YouTube. Federal judge Vaughn R. Walker noted that he had received 138,574 comments on the plans to broadcast the trial, and all but 32 were in favor. In January 2010, two days before the trial, ProtectMarriage.com filed emergency papers with the United States Supreme Court to bar telecasting the trial. The court ruled 8–1 to temporarily stay live streaming, then ruled 5–4 to indefinitely block live streaming. Plaintiff Rick Jacobs of Courage Campaign said that "Prop 8 backers are continuing their pattern of keeping the truth about this trial from the American public."
From January 11 to January 28, Courage Campaign mounted a website called Prop 8 Trial Tracker which received more than 464,000 views. The website used a logo very similar to their opponent's logo, and the ProtectMarriage.com legal team sent a cease and desist letter, demanding that Courage Campaign stop using the similar logo. Nathan Sabri, an attorney with Morrison & Foerster, the law firm handling the case "pro bono" for Courage Campaign, responded by writing that the request had no merit, and that his client had noted the irony of the ProtectMarriage.com position—that the image of two children flanked by a man and a woman was said by ProtectMarriage.com to be "substantially indistinguishable" from the two children flanked by two women. On January 19, ProtectMarriage.com filed a lawsuit asking for a temporary restraining order to stop the use of the similar logo. Federal judge Lawrence K. Karlton ruled in favor of Courage Campaign's argument which cited prior cases of one logo being parodied by another.
United States district court Judge Vaughn R. Walker overturned Proposition 8 on August 4, 2010, in the case "Perry v. Schwarzenegger", ruling that it violated both the Due Process and Equal Protection clauses of the United States Constitution. ProtectMarriage.com appealed the ruling. In June 2011, Walker's ruling was upheld by James S. Ware, chief judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. In 2012, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed that the proposition violated the constitutional rights of gays and lesbians. When the matter was appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States, the court found that ProtectMarriage.com had not had legal standing for a federal appeal case, and ordered the Appeals court ruling voided, leaving Walker's ruling standing. California resumed issuing same-sex marriage certificates the following day, leading ProtectMarriage.com to file an emergency application with the Supreme Court, asking that the marriages be halted because the state had not waited the usual 25 days during which the Supreme Court can be asked to reconsider a case before its disposition is considered final. That request was quickly denied by Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, who had dissented from the decision that had denied ProtectMarriage.com standing.

</doc>
<doc id="30978726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978726" title="Eslah Nejad Intersection">
Eslah Nejad Intersection

Eslah Nejad Intersection is an intersection in southern central Shiraz, Iran. It is a junction between Enqelab-e Eslami Street and Eslah Nejad Street which connects the intersection to Emam Hasan (Fakhr Abad) Square at the east.

</doc>
<doc id="30978755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978755" title="Richard Burchard">
Richard Burchard

Richard Burchard (born November 27, 1960) is an American composer most noted for his Salzburg Mass, "Miserere Mei," and "When David Heard." He is the head of the music department at Bellarmine University and was Kentucky's 2008 Commissioned Composer. He is an expert on Gregorian chant.
References.
Richard Burchard

</doc>
<doc id="30978798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978798" title="United States Fish and Wildlife Service Office of Law Enforcement">
United States Fish and Wildlife Service Office of Law Enforcement

The United States Fish and Wildlife Service Office of Law Enforcement contributes to Service efforts to manage ecosystems, save endangered species, conserve migratory birds, preserve wildlife habitat, restore fisheries, combat invasive species, and promote international wildlife conservation. 
The Office of Law Enforcement focuses on potentially devastating threats to wildlife resource-illegal trade, unlawful commercial exploitation, habitat destruction, and environmental contaminants. The Office of Law Enforcement investigates wildlife crimes, regulates wildlife trade, helps Americans understand and obey wildlife protections laws, and works in partnership with international, state, and tribal counterparts to conserve wildlife resources. This work includes:
- Breaking up international and domestic smuggling rings that target imperiled animals. 
- Preventing the unlawful commercial exploitation of protected U. S. species. 
- Protecting wildlife from environmental hazards and safeguarding critical habitat for endangered species. 
- Enforcing federal migratory game bird hunting regulations and working with states to protect other game species from illegal take and preserve legitimate hunting opportunities. 
- Inspecting wildlife shipments to ensure compliance with laws and treaties and detect illegal trade. 
- Working with international counterparts to combat illegal trafficking in protected species. 
- Training other federal, state, tribal, and foreign law enforcement officers. 
- Using forensic science to analyze evidence and solve wildlife crimes 
Distributing information and outreach materials to increase public understanding of wildlife conservation and promote compliance with wildlife protection laws.
Special Agents.
In order to become a FWS Special Agent, an applicant must be between the ages of 23 and 37. However, due to the decision in Robert P. Isabella v. Department of State and Office of Personnel Management, 2008 M.S.P.B. 146, preference eligible veterans may apply after age 37. In 2009, the Office of Personnel Management issued implementation guidance on the Isabella decision: OPM Letter The applicant must also hold American citizenship, have a clean record, and hold a four-year bachelors degree. In addition, all special agents are required to sign a mobility agreement which indicates a willingness to accept a reassignment to any location as dictated by the needs of the Service.
New Special Agents attend the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center at Glynco, Georgia for 18 weeks of training. This training includes comprehensive courses in protective techniques, criminal law, use of special investigative equipment, use of firearms, and defensive measures. Rules of evidence, surveillance techniques, undercover operations, and courtroom demeanor are also studied. Classroom study is supplemented with on-the-job training when agents report to their assigned field stations. As agents in training, they assist in carrying out surveillance activities, participating in raids, interviewing witnesses and suspects, searching for physical evidence and clues, seizing contraband, and serving search warrants. The emphasis on training and the vast experience they gain make U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service Special Agents among the best wildlife law enforcement professionals in the world.
When fully staffed, the Office of Law Enforcement includes 261 special agents and 122 wildlife inspectors. Most are "officers on the beat" who report through eight regional law enforcement offices. A headquarters Office of Law Enforcement provides national oversight, support, policy, and guidance for Service investigations and the wildlife inspection program; trains Service law enforcement personnel; fields a special investigations unit; and provides budget, management and administrative support for the Office of Law Enforcement.
Resources.
The Clark R. Bavin National Fish and Wildlife Forensic Laboratory conducts scientific analyses that support federal, state, and international investigations of wildlife crime. The Office of Law Enforcement also maintains a National Wildlife Property Repository, which supplies abandoned and forfeited wildlife items to schools, universities, museums, and non-government organizations for public education, and operates the National Eagle Repository, which meets the needs of Native Americans for eagles and eagle feathers for religious use.
The current Chief of Law Enforcement for the US Fish and Wildlife Service is William Woody.
Notable Cases.
In Operation Chameleon the FWS undertook action against several internationally operating reptile smuggling networks. The investigations led to several convictions.
In her book, Hunt for Justice, retired Special Agent Lucinda Schroeder details the Service's undercover program to arrest and convict Alaskan hunting guides who were conducting illegal hunts in Alaska's northern Brooks Range.

</doc>
<doc id="30978814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978814" title="Magic Fountain (EP)">
Magic Fountain (EP)

Magic Fountain is the second extended play from Australian electronic band Art vs. Science. It was released on 14 July 2010. The first single, "Magic Fountain", reached number 9 on Triple J's hottest 100 2010 countdown.

</doc>
<doc id="30978832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978832" title="Silver Sprocket Bicycle Club">
Silver Sprocket Bicycle Club

Silver Sprocket Bicycle Club (SSBC) is a San Francisco-based bicycle club and independent record label, founded in 2007 by Avi Ehrlich of Springman Records. In addition to publishing records, Silver Sprocket also supports a range of independent musicians and other community-based initiatives.
Activities.
The club describes their activities as a "record label and art crew"
Musicians.
The following musicians have released albums under the Silver Sprocket label:
Additionally, the label has released the following compilation albums:
Cartoonist Mitch Clem publishes his work through Silver Sprocket.

</doc>
<doc id="30978839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978839" title="From Ragtime to Rock 'n' Roll">
From Ragtime to Rock 'n' Roll

From Ragtime to Rock 'n' Roll is a BBC Radio 2 documentary chronicling the trends in popular music in the US and UK from 1900s to 1960s. Narrated by Kenneth More, the 51-volume 26-part documentary was originally broadcast in 1974.
Episode List (Incomplete).
01. Dawn Of The New Age
05. A Land Fit For Heroes
08. Learn To Croon
Before The Lights Went Out
Business as Usual
If I Had A Talking Picture
Let The Good Times Roll
Let's Face The Music
Music, Music, Music
Music to Make LP's By
My Guy's Come Back
Over The Rainbow
Over There
Stuff To Give The Troops
Ten Cents A Dance
Thanks For the Memory
The Start of the Jazz Age
There's Gold In Them There Hits
Who's Afraid of the Big, Bad Wolf?

</doc>
<doc id="30978851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978851" title="William Hodgkinson">
William Hodgkinson

William Oswald Hodgkinson (1835–1900) was an Australian explorer, journalist, gold miner, and politician.
Biography.
William Oswald Hodgkinson was born on 21 March 1835 in Handsworth, Warwick, England. His father, also named William Oswald Hodgkinson, was a civil engineer and his mother was Harriet Hodgkinson, née Brown.
Hodgkinson was educated at Birmingham Grammar School and by 1851 was a midshipman in the merchant marine. He soon emigrated to Australia, working for the government in Victoria on the Tarnagulla and Forest Creek goldfields. After a short-lived return to England he went to work as a journalist in Australia, starting in 1859, and in 1860 joined the Burke and Wills expedition. Hodgkinson left the expedition before it ended in disaster at Cooper Creek, and went on to join first Alfred William Howitt’s Victorian Relief Expedition, which aimed to establish the fate of the Burke and Wills expedition, and then in 1861 the John McKinlay relief party, on which he served as second-in-command.
Hodgkinson next continued his journalistic career, working as editor for Rockhampton's "Morning Bulletin" before founding Mackay's first newspaper, the "Mercury", in 1866. Returning to the gold mining business in 1868, he worked in the Ravensfield and Cape goldfields for the next two years. In 1870, at the Etheridge goldfield, he became a mining warden and police magistrate, two posts that propelled him onto the Legislative Assembly of Queensland representing the electoral district of Burke in 1874. In 1875 he resigned his seat in order to head up a government expedition that was to report on the potential of some unexplored land mining, pastoral, and agricultural purposes.
This expedition, focused on the area between Etheridge and Cloncurry goldfields, explored the Diamantina, Mulligan, and Herbert river systems and headed north through Normanton and up the Cloncurry and Flinders Rivers, concluding at Brisbane.
Throughout the late 1870s and 1880s Hodgkinson became more involved in politics as mining warden and in 1888 was requested to stand for six electorates. He stood for Burke and was successful, and in 1890 he became the Minister of Mines and Public Instruction. In 1893, he was defeated by Labor candidate John Hoolan and lost his seat.
Hodgkinson spent much of the 1890s in Sydney and Western Australia, working as an expert in mining. He died of influenza on 23 July 1900 and was buried in Toowong Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="30978856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978856" title="Tahvili Intersection">
Tahvili Intersection

Tahvili Intersection is an intersection in south central Shiraz, Iran. It is the junction between Harraf Street, Tahvili Street and Laleh Street. It leads to Basij (Old Airport) Square from west and Artesh Square from east.

</doc>
<doc id="30978909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978909" title="St. Pius X Seminary (Dubuque, Iowa)">
St. Pius X Seminary (Dubuque, Iowa)

St. Pius X Seminary is associated with Loras College, Dubuque, Iowa, and run under the auspices of the Archdiocese of Dubuque. The seminary prepares Minor (College) Seminarians for the priesthood, specifically preparing candidates for entrance into Major Seminary & Theological studies. Through Loras, the seminary provides full training in Philosophical studies, while giving students the necessary religious studies courses required for entrance into Major Seminary. Founded in 1839 by Bishop Mathias Loras as St. Raphael Seminary, the seminary has operated under various names and conditions at Loras College until adopting its present name in 1954. St. Pius X has prepared countless Seminarians across Iowa & surrounding states for the priesthood, counting over 30 Bishops as alumni. Currently, the seminary serves Seminarians of the Archdiocese of Dubuque and the Diocese of Des Moines. The current rector of St. Pius X Seminary is The Rev. Scott Bullock.
References.
http://depts.loras.edu/ministry/stpius.html

</doc>
<doc id="30978910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978910" title="Limor Fried">
Limor Fried

Limor Fried is an American electrical engineer and owner of the electronics hobbyist company Adafruit Industries. She is influential in the open-source hardware community, having participated in the first Open Source Hardware Summit and the drafting of the "Open Source Hardware definition", and is known for her moniker "ladyada", an homage to Lady Ada Lovelace.
Career and recognition.
Fried studied at MIT, earning a BS in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) in 2003 and a Master of Engineering in EECS in 2005. For part of the qualification she created a project called "Social Defense Mechanisms: Tools for Reclaiming Our Personal Space". Following the concept of critical design she prototyped: glasses that darken when a television is in view, and a low-power RF jammer that prevent cell phones operating in a user’s personal space. 
During the same year, of 2005, Fried founded New York-based Adafruit Industries. The company designs and resells open source electronic kits mainly for the hobbyist market. In 2010 the company had eight employees and shipped more than $3 million worth of product.
In 2009, she was awarded the Pioneer Award by the Electronic Frontier Foundation for her participation in the open source hardware and software community. Fried was awarded the Most Influential Women in Technology award, in 2011, by "Fast Company" magazine. and became the first female engineer featured on the cover of "Wired". In an interview with CNET, Fried said, "If there's one thing I'd like to see from this, it would be for some kids to say to themselves "I could do that" and start the journey to becoming an engineer and entrepreneur." Limor was named "Entrepreneur of the Year" in 2012 by "Entrepreneur", of the 15 finalists she was the only female.
Open Kinect Project.
In response to the launch of Microsoft's Kinect for the Xbox 360 in 2010, Fried, along with Phillip Torrone, organized a $2,000 challenge to create an open source driver. After Microsoft condemned the challenge as modification to their product, Adafruit increased the prize to $3,000. This prompted a Microsoft company spokesperson to tell CNET:
After significant advancements in the open source drivers, spokespeople from Microsoft stated that they did not condemn the challenge, and in fact were excited to see what the community developed.

</doc>
<doc id="30978912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978912" title="Thomas R. Nides">
Thomas R. Nides

Thomas R. Nides (b. ca. 1961) is the former United States Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources, having assumed that office on January 3, 2011 and departed office in to assume a role with Morgan Stanley in February, 2013.
Biography.
Thomas R. Nides was born in Duluth, Minnesota and educated at the University of Minnesota.
From 1986 to 1989, Nides was chief of staff of Rep. Tony Coelho (D—CA-15). He was next chief of staff of Rep. Tom Foley (D—WA-5) from 1989 to 1993, and in 1994, he served as chief of staff of United States Trade Representative Mickey Kantor.
Nides joined Fannie Mae as Senior Vice President of Human Resources in 1998, holding this position until 2001. He was then Chief Administrative Officer of Credit Suisse USA from 2001 to 2004. From 2005 to 2010, he was Chief Operating Officer of Morgan Stanley.
President of the United States Barack Obama nominated Nides to be Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources on September 29, 2010. He was confirmed by the Senate on December 22, 2010, and sworn into office on January 3, 2011.
References.
http://www.thestreet.com/story/11289766/1/wall-street-fixer-goes-to-washington.html

</doc>
<doc id="30978928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978928" title="Best Kept Secret (Louieville Sluggah album)">
Best Kept Secret (Louieville Sluggah album)

Best Kept Secret is the second solo album by Boot Camp Clik member, Louieville Sluggah. It was released by Chambermusik Records in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30978937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978937" title="Thomas Finney (politician)">
Thomas Finney (politician)

Thomas Finney (1837–1903) was an Australian businessman and politician. He represented the electoral district of Toowong in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1896 until 1902.
Biography.
Thomas Finney was born 10 January 1837 at Currakeen House, Tuam, Galway, Ireland. His father was Thomas Finney and his mother was Eliza Finney, née Cornwall. He began work at a drapery shop in 1856 and in 1862 emigrated to Brisbane, Queensland with his partner James Isles. 
The two started a drapery business, Finney Isles & Co., which was extremely successful. In 1869 the company had branches in Rockhampton and Gympie, and by 1873 it had expanded into the areas of tailoring, furniture, furnishing, and hardware. 
At some point Finney was elected to the Toowong Shire Council, and in 1896 he won the electoral district of Toowong and was seated in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland, holding his seat until his resignation in 1902. 
Finney was married thrice. On 22 May 1864, he was wed to Kate Pringle Little, but she died after two years and he married Sidney Anne Jackson, whose sister married Finney’s business partner, James Isles. Finney and Sidney had two daughters and a son together, and she died on 13 October 1883. In 1901, while in England, Finney married Jane Edgar Farrow, a widow. He died on 16 December 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="30978955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978955" title="UNIVAC BP">
UNIVAC BP

The Univac Buffer Processor (BP) was used in several real-time computer system installations in the 1960s as a network concentrator and front end system to the Univac 418 and Univac 490/494 realtime systems. A notable set of installations was at British European Airways in London (the BEACON Online Reservations system). The initial reservations system at B.E.A. comprised over 200 agent sets in London, connected to the Univac 490 computer system via a network of 8 Univac Buffer Processors. Subsequently, in 1966, the reservations network was expanded to include agents in offices in Manchester, Birmingham, Glasgow, Bristol and Edinburgh and later to B.E.A. offices in selected cities on the European continent. The expansion of the network was accomplished by cascading the installation of Buffer Processors such that remote offices would have a BP installation in the offices, networked into the BP concentrators at the London central site.
The Buffer Processor's internal structure comprised 32,768 "words" of 9 bits each.

</doc>
<doc id="30978972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30978972" title="Fabian Perez">
Fabian Perez

Fabian Perez is an artist born in Buenos Aires. He currently resides in Los Angeles and is known for his paintings of the tango and for his portraits. In 2009 Perez was named the official artist of the 10th annual Latin Grammy Awards. In 2010 Perez was selected to paint the 2010 Winter Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Current UK Tour.
Fabian will be personally unveiling a powerful new collection of hand embellished canvas editions, bronze sculptures and original oil paintings, and signing copies of his magnificent new commemorative book ‘Neo-emotioNalism’.
this beautiful collector’s item celebrates a decade of stunning artwork from a master of the genre.

</doc>
<doc id="30979027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979027" title="Godfrey Morgan (Australian politician)">
Godfrey Morgan (Australian politician)

Godfrey Morgan (1875–1957) was an Australian journalist, politician, and farmer. He served on the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1909 until 1938, first for the electoral district of Murilla and then for the electoral district of Dalby. 
Biography.
Godfrey Morgan was born on 29 July 1875 in Landsborough, Victoria, Australia, to Godrey Morgan, a newspaperman and printer, and Mary Elizabeth Morgan, née Williamson. When Morgan was young his father began a newspaper at Donald and when his father died in 1891, Morgan took over management of the paper. On 8 December 1896, he married Annie Jane Pace.
In 1908, after the government of Queensland requested settlers to come help fight a prickly pear infestation, the Morgan family moved to a 7000 acre plot of land named Arubial, on the Condamine River near Condamine. 
In 1909 Morgan was elected first to the Murilla Shire Council and then to Legislative Assembly of Queensland, representing Murilla. In 1929, after A.E. Moore became Premier, Morgan became Secretary for Railways and then Minister for Transport in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="30979041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979041" title="Upper German">
Upper German

Upper German (German: ) is a family of High German dialects spoken primarily in the southern German speaking area ("Sprachraum").
Family tree.
Upper German proper can be generally classified as Alemannic or Bavarian. However, the High Franconian dialects of the Franconian language, spoken up to the Speyer line isogloss in the north, are also considered part of the larger Upper German dialect group.
Whether they should be included as part of Upper German or instead classified as Central German is an open question, as they have traits of both Upper and Central German and are frequently described as a transitional zone. Hence, either scheme can be encountered. Erzgebirgisch, usually lumped in with Upper Saxon on geographical grounds, is closer to East Franconian linguistically, especially the western dialects of Erzgebirgisch.
Lombardic.
Based on the fact that Langobardic, extinct around 1000, has undergone the High German consonant shift completely, it is also often classified as Upper German. However, if the High German consonant shift occurred late (7th/8th century), which now seems to be the prevalent view, it would seem to be anachronistic to do so. 
On the other hand, if Langobardic was still essentially identical to Bavarian or Alemannic at the time, the anachronism would disappear, and in fact, what is attested in Langobardic cannot really be shown to be systematically different in any particular point from the earliest attested form of Bavarian in the 8th century, apart from a few rather minor divergent phonological developments, which, however, seem to postdate the sound shift.

</doc>
<doc id="30979067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979067" title="VCU School of Nursing">
VCU School of Nursing

The School of Nursing at Virginia Commonwealth University takes part in nursing education and research. The School of Nursing offers the full range of academic programs from baccalaureate to doctoral programs. Established in 1893, the School is one of five schools within the VCU Medical Center.
History.
The Virginia Hospital Training School for Nurses was inaugurated in the fall of 1893 by that college and is considered the founding date for the VCU School of Nursing. 
Sadie Heath Cabaniss.
Although Miss Cabaniss was not the first director of the founding school, as the first superintendent of the Old
Dominion Hospital Training School, she has been described as the initiator of professional nursing in Virginia. Miss Cabaniss entered Johns Hopkins University School of Nursing in Baltimore and after graduation in 1893 held the position of night supervisor until 1894. At the time, the Medical College of Virginia was looking for a nurse to take charge of the operating room. The school contacted Johns Hopkins University requesting assistance in the search. Isabell Hampton Robb, director of the School of Nursing at Johns Hopkins University and a mentor for Miss Cabaniss, selected her for this position. Miss Cabaniss took charge of the operating room at the Medical College of Virginia and under her leadership "order came out of chaos."
Admissions.
The students admitted to the MCV schools of nursing came from all walks of life and from many states. It was not unusual for widows to study nursing in the late 1800s and early 1900s. Many students had been school teachers prior to entering nursing. The majority of the girls came from middle class or poor families. For some of these young women nursing was the only education their families could afford. 
The requirements for admission to the MCV schools were similar to other schools of nursing young women between the ages of 21 to 35 were admitted if they had good character, good background, good general resistance, normal and stable mental and nervous makeup and a wholesome personality. Eight years of prior education was the norm for women who wanted to study nursing in the early 1900s. 
Living Quarters.
Prior to 1928 when old Cabaniss Hall dormitory was opened, living quarters left much to be desired. The students attending the Virginia Hospital Training School lived on the upper floor of Virginia Hospital, and they called it the "nurses' flats." 
St. Philip Hospital.
St. Philip Hospital opened in 1920. During the first quarter of the 20th century when southern law and social practice demanded separate facilities for the races, the Medical College of Virginia established a separate school of nursing for African-American women to provide trained personnel for the St. Philip Hospital. The school, although administered by the MCV School of Nursing, was operated as a separate entity. From its inception,it was on parity with the established white nursing school. 
Both the Medical College of Virginia and St. Philip faculty taught were used by other programs because of the rich clinical facilities and high educational standards. As early as 1918 MCV offered experiences that were unavailable to these students in their own clinical facilities. The students received full maintenance for providing services to the MCV and St. Philip Hospitals. By 1960 it was necessary to discontinue the affiliation program because of faculty overload. With the advent of integration, it was no longer necessary to support two separate schools of nursing. The St. Philip School of Nursing for Negro Women was discontinued
in 1962 and the schools combined.
Becoming VCU.
The year the School of Nursing celebrated its 75th anniversary, in 1968, the General Assembly of Virginia by act of law established Virginia Commonwealth University (VCU) on July 1, with the Medical College of Virginia, the Health Sciences Division, and Richmond Professional Institute, the General Academic Division, as its component parts. The School of Nursing for Registered Nurses at the Richmond Professional Institute (RPI) and the Medical College of Virginia School of Nursing were consolidated. 
As a result of the merger, no students were admitted to the RPI division after February 1969; and when the enrolled students completed their program, the Medical College of Virginia School of Nursing became the one school of nursing for Virginia Commonwealth University. The closing of the Richmond Professional Institute School of Nursing ended 52 years of that institution's providing education for nurses.
Rankings.
The VCU School of Nursing faculty are nationally recognized for their contributions to research and education. Currently, the School is ranked 14 nationally in NIH funding.

</doc>
<doc id="30979107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979107" title="1972 World 600">
1972 World 600

The 1972 World 600 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series racing event that took place on May 28, 1972, at Charlotte Motor Speedway in the American community of Concord, North Carolina.
South Carolina's blue laws were in full force during the era of the race and "bull-baiting" was considered to be illegal on a Sunday along with several other things that were considered to be prohibited. The pace car driver was Robert "Bob" Colvin who nearly got arrested for violating the "blue laws" before he found out that they were for someone else's bad checks.
In addition to watching the event live, NASCAR followers who either lived or visited the Concord, North Carolina region could watch it on their transistor radios; a key to following the major NASCAR races prior to ESPN and Twitter.
Summary.
It took four hours and thirteen minutes to resolve 400 laps of action spanning per lap. Amateur home video helped to capture the most important 49 minutes of this racing event. Three cautions were handed by NASCAR for 24 laps. More than 80,000 live spectators would see Buddy Baker defeat Bobby Allison by almost 24 seconds while going at speeds of up to . The pole position speed would be . Jim Vandiver would become the last-place finisher due to a transmission problem on lap 11.
James Hylton became the lowest-finishing driver to finish this race. Even the mighty Richard Petty would suffer an engine problem. His first win from the "World 600" (now "Coca-Cola 600") series of racing events would come in 1975. Larry Smith, who would go on to become NASCAR's Rookie of the Year, finished sixth in this race. A Rookie of the Year from 1957, Mr. Ken Rush, would make his final NASCAR Cup Series appearance in this racing event. He would only make a 29th place finish out of a 31st place start.
Out of the 40-car grid, all except one (Jackie Oliver) were born in the United States. Oliver was born in Walton-on-Thames, England. More notable for his Formula One appearances, he was like the Juan Pablo Montoya of the late 1960s and the early 1970s.
Finishing order.
"* Driver failed to finish race" <br>
"† signifies that the driver is known to be deceased"

</doc>
<doc id="30979121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979121" title="USS SC-3">
USS SC-3

USS "SC-3", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 3" or USS "S.C. 3", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. 
"SC-3" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at Naval Station New Orleans in New Orleans, Louisiana. She was commissioned on 23 January 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 3", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 3".
During World War I, "S.C. 3" served on antisubmarine patrol duty in the Special Hunting Squadron, Group, against German submarines in the Gulf of Mexico, and was based at Key West, Florida.
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 3" was classified as SC-3 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-3".
On 4 October 1920, the Navy sold "SC-3" to the Cuba Products Company of New Orleans.

</doc>
<doc id="30979148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979148" title="Foot the coacher">
Foot the coacher

foot the coacher.
foot the coacher is a brand of Japanese shoe designer, Toshinosuke Takegahara.
foot the coacher uses techniques acquired from well-known and respected centers of leather production such as Italy, France, and England, combined with the finest, and most suitable designs, materials, and production methods. 
Starting with the time-honored Good Year Welt as the foundation. After the unveiling of his first collection in 2000, foot the coacher became recognized as an avant-garde brand, being featured at various venues. 
In addition, foot the coacher was able to establish itself as a pioneer in the industry, because the brand is able to announce new themes, scenes, and styles for new seasons, which is said to be extremely difficult to achieve.
Moreover, foot the coacher leads this era by offering shoes that are fashionable as well as durable.

</doc>
<doc id="30979168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979168" title="Bill Kells">
Bill Kells

William Robert "Bill" Kells is a New Zealand former rugby league player and coach who represented his country.
Playing career.
From the Huntly area, Kells was a Waikato representative and was selected in the New Zealand Kiwis squad in 1980. Kells spent the 1982/83 season with Bradford Northern in England.
Coaching career.
In 1997 and 1998 Kells coached Waikato. Waikato won the 1997 National Provincial Competition.
He coached Northern Districts in 2001 against France. In 2003 Kells was the co-coach of the Ngaruawahia Panthers in the Waikato Rugby League.

</doc>
<doc id="30979180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979180" title="Sid Graves">
Sid Graves

Samuel Sidney Graves (November 30, 1901 – December 26, 1983) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. Nicknamed "Whitey", he played for the Boston Braves in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="30979205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979205" title="Troy Lewis">
Troy Lewis

Troy Lewis (born March 15, 1966) is the fourth all-time leading scorer in Purdue Boilermakers men's basketball history with 2,038 points. He played guard for Purdue from 1985 to 1988.
Lewis was a First Team All-Big Ten selection in 1987 and 1988; leading the Boilermakers to consecutive Big Ten Championships and the 1988 NCAA Sweet 16. He was selected as Indiana co-Mr. Basketball with Delray Brooks in 1984. Mr. Lewis played for Anderson High School in the North Central Conference before enrolling at Purdue.
He led the Indians to the 1983 IHSAA State Finals; he is the leading scorer in State Finals history, scoring 76 points in a single State Semi-Finals and Finals, ahead of such legendary players as Scott Skiles (69), George McGinnis (62), Oscar Robertson (51), Glenn Robinson (45) and John Wooden (27). The Indians lost in the Championship game 63-62 to Connersville High.
In 1997, Lewis was selected as one of the 12 members of the Purdue's Centennial All-Time Men's Basketball Team. He was inducted into Purdue Intercollegiate Athletic Hall of Fame in 2010 along with Head Coach Gene Keady and teammates Todd Mitchell and Everette Stephens.

</doc>
<doc id="30979229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979229" title="Shahzadeh Qasem Intersection">
Shahzadeh Qasem Intersection

Shahzade Qasem Intersection is an intersection in southern Shiraz, Iran where Sibuyeh Boulevard, Hazrati Street and Ahmadi Street meet. It goes to Ahmadi Square from north, Darvazeh Kazeroon from east and Fahmideh Square from south.

</doc>
<doc id="30979240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979240" title="Crotalaria avonensis">
Crotalaria avonensis

Crotalaria avonensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names Avon Park rattlebox, Avon Park harebells, and Avon Park rabbit-bells. It is endemic to Central Florida in the United States, where it is known from only three sites. Many individuals exist on land that is unprotected and they are threatened with destruction. The plant is a federally listed endangered species.
This is a perennial herb with one to three hairy stems growing from a taproot. Most of the stem is located underground, with up to 10 centimeters growing above the surface. The stems are lined with fleshy oval leaves which are coated in white or yellowish hairs. The inflorescence is a raceme of yellow pealike flowers around a centimeter long. The fruit is an inflated legume pod in shades of dark red or brown which can be up to 2.5 centimeters in length and contains 18 seeds. After the plant flowers in spring it becomes dormant for the rest of the year.
It was first collected in 1950 but not recognized as an undescribed species until 1989, when it was named. It grows in the white sand scrub of Florida's Lake Wales Ridge. It can tolerate some disturbance and partially shady conditions. It grows alongside other rare scrub plants such as Small's jointweed ("Polygonella myriophylla"), Florida lady's nightcap ("Bonamia grandiflora"), scrub blazing star ("Liatris ohlingerae"), and Highlands Scrub St. John's wort ("Hypericum cumulicola").
The plant is threatened by the degradation and destruction of its habitat. It is limited to a small section of Central Florida which is being consumed for development. Much of its range has been converted to residential neighborhoods or agricultural fields, especially orange groves. Its two populations and one small subpopulation are broken up into scattered, localized occurrences. The largest population is located on private, unprotected land near Avon Park Lakes, a growing residential development. Land that remains there is fragmented and degraded by human activity, such as off-road vehicle use. A nearby subpopulation is estimated to contain fewer than 600 plants. The third location is in better condition and is either declining at a slow rate or stable. It has sustained some damage, including the destruction of living plants, during construction of roads. Other threats to the species include the invasion of non-native plant species such as cogongrass ("Imperata cylindrica") and pangolagrass ("Digitaria eriantha"), dumping of abandoned cars and other garbage, and vandalism. The plant was added to the endangered species list in 1993 along with other rare Florida species, including pigeon wings ("Clitoria fragrans"), a plant, and Florida perforate cladonia ("Cladonia perforata"), a lichen.
Many aspects of the plant's life cycle are unknown. Studies indicate it has a low fecundity, probably because of low flower and fruit production. Flowers require pollination by insects, but few insects have been observed at plants. The plant's annual survival rate is apparently quite high but few seeds are produced and few of those germinate. The plant is probably at high risk for extinction, a risk that could be lowered by enacting protection measures for the largest population, which exists tenuously at a site of rapid residential construction. Other conservation efforts underway include cryopreservation of shoot tips, but this plan is not supported by all involved biologists.

</doc>
<doc id="30979257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979257" title="Toshinosuke Takegahara">
Toshinosuke Takegahara

Toshinosuke Takegahara is a Japanese shoe designer. He began designing shoes while a student in art college. In 1994, he established the dress shoe brand, Toshinosuke Takegahara, which later became AUTHENTIC SHOE & Co.. He was actively involved in design for prominent shoe companies such as George Cox, and Tricker’s.
He returned to Japan in 1999. In 2000 he released his flagship brand, foot the coacher.
In 2004, his shoes were inducted into the Northampton Museum of Art’s permanent collection.
Biography.
1994 Established the dress shoe brand, Toshinosuke Takegahara.
1996 Active in design at English shoe brand, George Cox.
1998 Relocates to England.
1999 Returns to Japan. 
2000 Launches flagship brand, foot the coacher. Also in charge at Number Nine’s shoe branch, and is involved with their releases in subsequent seasons.
2001 Shoe design contributor for Paraboot.
2002 Renames his Toshinosuke TAKEGAHARA brand, AUTHENTIC SHOE & Co..
2003 The release of Tricker’s by Toshinosuke TAKEGAHARA; In September he establishes the Gallery of AUTHENTIC showroom.
2004 His SETTA shoes are chosen ‘Shoe of the Month’ by England’s Northampton Museum and Art Gallery. These shoes later went on to be inducted into the museum’s permanent collection.
2006 In June, he has a hand in the production of ladies’ shoes for Sonya S. Park’s SHOES and THINGS, and ARTS and SCIENCE.
2007 In October, his brand, foot the coacher is released at Shinjuku’s Isetan.
2009 In October, AUTHENTIC SHOE & Co. opens its flagship shop, GALLERY OF AUTHENTIC.
2010 Ladies’ shoe brand, BEAUTIFUL SHOES makes its debut.

</doc>
<doc id="30979264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979264" title="Pakistan Cricket Team">
Pakistan Cricket Team

The Pakistan cricket team (Urdu: پاکستان کرکٹ ٹیم) is the national cricket team of Pakistan. Represented by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB), the team is a full member of the International Cricket Council, and participates in Test, ODI and Twenty20 International cricket matches. Currently Pakistan is ranked number four as per the ICC Test rankings.Pakistan have played 796 ODIs, winning 426, losing 345, tying 8 and with 17 ending in no-result.[2 Pakistan were the 1992 World Cup champions, and also came runners-up in the 1999 tournament and are the current Asian Champions. Pakistan, in conjunction with other countries in South Asia, have hosted the 1987 & 1996, with the 1996 final being hosted at Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore. The team has also played 69 Twenty20 Internationals, the most of any team, winning 42 losing 25 and tying 2. Pakistan won the 2009 ICC World Twenty20 and came runners-up in the inaugural tournament in 2007. They are the sole winners of the Asian Test Championship of 1999.
Pakistan have played 373 Test matches, with winning 115, losing 104 and drawing 154. The team has the 3rd-best win/loss ratio in Test cricket of 1.10, and the 5th-best overall win percentage of 31.33%.Pakistan was given Test status on 28 July 1952, following a recommendation by India, and made its Test debut against India at Feroz Shah Kotla Ground, Delhi, in October 1952, with India winning by an innings and 70 runs.[5 In the 1950s, several Pakistani Test players had played Test cricket for the Indian cricket team before the creation of Pakistan in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="30979277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979277" title="Elephant Spit">
Elephant Spit

Elephant Spit is a 9 km long sand spit at the eastern end of subantarctic Heard Island, in the Australian territory of Heard Island and McDonald Islands, lying in the Southern Ocean on the Kerguelen Plateau about 450 km south-east of the Kerguelen Islands. The name refers to Southern Elephant Seals, also known as sea elephants, which breed in large numbers on Heard Island and formed the basis for commercial sealing for oil there during the 19th century.
Description.
Elephant Spit is long, thin, straight and conspicuous, giving the island a distinctive shape as seen from space. It borders Spit Bay to the north and west and is formed of sediments derived from the glacial erosion of volcanic material from eruptions by Big Ben which have made the seabed south-east of the island relatively shallow.
Heard Island is isolated, uninhabited and rarely visited. When the island was visited in 2002 and 2003 by scientists from the Australian Antarctic Division, the spit was intact. However, a following visit in late 2008 found that a section of the eastern end of the spit had become inundated by the ocean, forming a 2-km-long island.

</doc>
<doc id="30979290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979290" title="Kim Tae-hoon">
Kim Tae-hoon

Kim Tae-Hoon (Hangul: 김태훈) (born October 9, 1988 in Daegu) is a South Korean short track speed skater.
At the 2011 Winter Universiade, Kim won the gold medal in the men's 1000 metre events. He added silver in the 1500 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="30979296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979296" title="Hanns Becker">
Hanns Becker

Hanns Becker (29 December 1904 – 17 August 1965) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Hanns Becker was captured by American troops in May 1945 during the Battle of Halbe.

</doc>
<doc id="30979327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979327" title="Jacqueline Babbin">
Jacqueline Babbin

Jacqueline Babbin (July 26, 1926 – October 6, 2001) was an American television/theatre writer, producer, and executive. She died of cancer on October 6, 2001 in Kent, Connecticut.
Early life.
Jacqueline Babbin was born on July 26, 1926 in New York City, in the borough of Manhattan. She entered high school at the age of eleven and Smith College at fifteen. She worked as an assistant to the renowned literary agent Audrey Wood in 1943, and Irene Selznick. She was briefly married to a Warner Bros. executive.
Career.
Babbin began her television career in 1954 at David Susskind’s production company Talent Associates, starting out as a script editor. She formed a successful writing partnership with Audrey Gellen. The two women collaborated on several adaptations of stage plays, including Harvey, The Browning Version, Ethan Frome, The Member of The Wedding, Our Town, and Billy Budd.
In 1961, Susskind and Babbin produced a short-lived dramatic anthology, Way Out, which was a series of macabre stories by Roald Dahl. They also continued their collaboration throughout the decade as producers on TV specials, including Hedda Gabler (with Ingrid Bergman and Michael Redgrave), and The Crucible (with George C. Scott, Colleen Dewhurst, and Fritz Weaver).
From 1979 to 1982, Babbin served as Vice President, "Novels For Television" and Miniseries for ABC Entertainment. In 1982, she was hired by ABC Daytime and Agnes Nixon to be "All My Children"'s Executive Producer. During her tenure there, she hired Elizabeth Taylor and Carol Burnett as guest stars. She left "All My Children" in 1986, began writing novels shortly after, and became the executive producer of "Loving" in 1990.
Other TV/Film Projects.
Brave New World, Sybil, The Best of Everything, Once Upon A Family, The Glass Menagerie, The Human Voice, and The Adams Chronicles.
Recognition.
She was nominated for 5 Daytime Emmys and a single Primetime Emmy Award.

</doc>
<doc id="30979344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979344" title="Fahmideh Square (Shiraz)">
Fahmideh Square (Shiraz)

Fahmideh Square is a square in the southern part of Shiraz, Iran where Artesh Boulevard meets Ahmadi Street and Sarv Street. It goes to Shahzadeh Qasem Intersection in the north, Artesh Square in the west and 12 Farvardin Square in the east

</doc>
<doc id="30979346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979346" title="Kohei Inoue">
Kohei Inoue

Kohei Inoue (井上 公平, born October 5, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30979351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979351" title="Like Crazy">
Like Crazy

Like Crazy is a 2011 American romantic drama film directed by Drake Doremus and starring Anton Yelchin, Felicity Jones and Jennifer Lawrence. Written by Drake Doremus and Ben York Jones, the film is about Anna (Jones), a British exchange student who falls in love with an American student, Jacob (Yelchin), only to be separated from him when she is denied re-entry into the United States after overstaying her student visa.
Doremus based the storyline of the film partly on his own long-distance relationship with a woman living in London while he lived in Los Angeles. Rather than writing a traditional screenplay, he and Ben York Jones compiled a 50-page outline of the film from which the actors improvised almost all of the dialogue. Filming took place over four weeks in Los Angeles and London with a budget of US$250,000.
"Like Crazy" premiered on January 22, 2011 at the Sundance Film Festival, where it won the festival's Grand Jury Prize. It was released in theaters on October 28, 2011 and grossed over $3,500,000. Most reviews of the film were positive, with reviewers giving particular praise to Jones and Yelchin's performances, although some found the plot unrealistic and contrived.
Plot.
Anna Gardner (Felicity Jones), a British exchange student attending college in Los Angeles, meets and falls in love with Jacob Helm (Anton Yelchin), an American student who returns her affections. After graduation, Anna decides to spend the summer with Jacob rather than return to England, unaware of the consequences of overstaying her student visa, which expired at graduation. After returning to London for a family engagement, Anna flies back to Los Angeles, where she is detained, denied entry, and sent back to England by immigration officials for overstaying her original visa.
The couple's passionate love for each other grows strained by their separation and long-distance relationship. Despite her efforts at appealing the immigration decision, Anna is told she is banned from entering the United States. Meanwhile, Jacob leaves behind his successful design business and visits Anna in London for a few weeks. There he learns that Anna's parents have hired an immigration lawyer to try to get the ban lifted. Anna's father suggests that marrying may help their efforts. Jacob is uncomfortable with the suggestion, and the couple struggle with their feelings.
After Jacob returns to the United States, he and Anna grow apart, and soon Jacob begins a relationship with his colleague, Samantha (Jennifer Lawrence). Anna also tries to find a new life for herself, but she is unable to abandon her feelings for Jacob. Eventually she phones him from London and tells him they will never find in others what they have found in each other, and that they should marry. Soon after, Jacob breaks up with Samantha, returns to London and marries Anna in a small registry office ceremony with her parents as witnesses—both affirming that they will "never allow anything to destroy the feelings we share for each other". With a tearful parting, Jacob returns to his business in Los Angeles while they wait six months before they appeal the ban on Anna's visa.
Six months later, Jacob flies back to England for the appeal, but they are unsuccessful yet again. With their relationship compromised and no hope of resolving the visa issue, they begin to fight with each other out of jealousy and frustration. Jacob leaves England, and soon they are seeing other people. Anna eventually gets promoted at work to the position of editor—something she wanted very much. Her love life, however, is not as positive or fulfilling—her new boyfriend Simon (Charlie Bewley) simply does not evoke the same feelings in her as Jacob, whom she still misses.
Sometime later, Anna finally receives her visa. She gives up her job, her current boyfriend and her apartment, and flies to Los Angeles to Jacob, who greets her with flowers at the airport. Their reunion is strained and awkward at first, after being apart for so long. Jacob joins Anna in the shower, and as the water falls over them, they remember scenes from their early time together.
Production.
Development.
Drake Doremus was inspired to make "Like Crazy" by the ending of his eight-year long-distance relationship with Desiree Pappenscheller, who lived in London while Doremus lived in Los Angeles. Many elements of the film resemble their real-life relationship, such as their frequent travelling between Los Angeles and London, Pappenscheller's trouble with American immigration laws, their brief marriage, a trip to Santa Catalina Island, and a bracelet given to Pappenscheller by Doremus. The story was co-written by Ben York Jones, who had also been involved in long-distance relationships. Together, they assembled a 50-page outline of the film which read more like a short story than a traditional screenplay. The outline included backstory, plot points, specific scene objectives, themes and emotional beats, but had minimal dialogue.
Anton Yelchin was Doremus's first choice to play Jacob, based on Yelchin's previous work, and was cast almost immediately after meeting Doremus to discuss the role. After auditioning a number of actresses from Los Angeles and London to play Anna, Doremus talked to English actress Felicity Jones over the phone and asked her to tape rough versions of two scenes from the film. He was so impressed with her rendition of the film's final scene—wherein Anna and Jacob stand silently in the shower together—that he decided to cast her. After Jones arrived in Los Angeles, she and Yelchin began an intensive week-long rehearsal before filming would begin. Yelchin and Jones met in a Mexican restaurant to get to know one another and, during the week prior to shooting, spent "all day and often all night" discussing Anna and Jacob's relationship with each other and Doremus.
Filming.
"Like Crazy" was filmed over four weeks, the first three in Los Angeles and the last week in London. The production budget was $250,000, which included the cost of airfares for the cast and crew. The film was shot on a Canon EOS 7D still camera with cinema lenses, mounted on a rig constructed by cinematographer John Guleserian. He chose the 7D for its portability and the ease it provided for shooting improvized scenes, where he found other cameras too cumbersome. Guleserian said that many of the film's scenes were shot "really far away from our characters by really tight close ups" due to the technological limitations of the camera, but he noted that this added to the tone of the film.
Only a small number of crew members were employed to maintain the sense of intimacy that Doremus wanted on set. At its largest, the crew consisted of around 20 people, while some scenes were shot with as few as three crew members, such as a scene on a Santa Monica beach where only Doremus, Guleserian and "a sound guy" were present. Doremus would often ask members of the crew to leave when filming intimate scenes between Jones and Yelchin so that the two actors would feel more comfortable. These scenes would be shot in improvised takes of up to 30 minutes in length, with Doremus providing only occasional direction. The film's dialogue was almost entirely improvised by the actors, whose lines Doremus believed would come about "by virtue of being fully involved in the character and the moment".
Music.
The film's original score was composed by pianist Dustin O'Halloran. Other music used in the film includes songs by Paul Simon, M83, Stars, The Mary Onettes and Figurine. Doremus listened to several of these artists as he developed the story, whose songs he says "became the fabric of the film". He assembled a similar set of songs on a CD which he gave to the cast and crew to listen to throughout production.
An official soundtrack was released on CD and in digital format in conjunction with the film's release. The track listing is as follows:
Release.
"Like Crazy" premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 22, 2011, where it won the Grand Jury Prize. During the festival, the film's distribution rights were acquired by Paramount Vantage for $4 million.
The film was given a limited release in theaters on October 28, 2011. It earned $123,140 on its opening weekend with a per-theater average of $30,785 from four theaters. Its widest release was 162 theaters, and it closed on January 12, 2012 after playing for 11 weeks, earning $3,395,391 in total at the domestic box office. Internationally, it grossed $146,962, making a worldwide total gross of $3,542,353.
Reception.
Reviews for "Like Crazy" have been favorable. "Like Crazy" has a 73% "certified fresh" rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 146 reviews; the consensus states "It has the schmaltzy trappings of many romantic films, but "Like Crazy" allows its characters to express themselves beyond dialogue, crafting a true, intimate study." At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film received an average score of 71 based on 37 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
In a review for "The Wall Street Journal", Joe Morgenstern described "Like Crazy" as a "wise and beautiful little film", giving particular praise to Guleserian's cinematography and Yelchin and Jones's improvised performances. David Edelstein of "New York" magazine claimed that "Like Crazy" was "the most infectious love story in decades", comparing its "wonderfully sane" perspective to other romance films and romantic comedies. "Entertainment Weekly" Lisa Schwarzbaum gave the film an A– grade and praised Doremus, Jones and Yelchin's storytelling ability in creating "a palpably real, universally identifiable manifestation of young love in all its ecstasy and agony". In a review for "Rolling Stone", Peter Travers gave the film 3.5 out of 4 stars, writing that "Drake Doremus has crafted a crazily inventive and totally irresistible tale of first love that makes the familiar seem bittersweet and heart-stoppingly new". He described Jones as "a marvel" and Yelchin as "outstanding". "Time" magazine's Mary Pols commended the film's ambiguous ending and wrote, ""Like Crazy" is a cinematic love potion and you leave it feeling bewitched." Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film 3 out of 4 stars, praising Jones and Yelchin's performances and the "intelligent, graceful indie style" of the film, although he found the storyline somewhat unrealistic. Indiewire's Eric Kohn gave the film a B+ grade and felt that while the plot developed slowly, Yelchin and Jones shared "an indelible and entirely realistic chemistry". "Variety" film critic Andrew Barker, who described the film as "an exquisite, beautifully acted gem", gave particular praise to the film's "dexterous editing", given that it "contains nary an extraneous detail, while still managing to luxuriate in the tender and awkward silences of young love".
A more negative review of the film came from Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times", who found it "a conventional, wan affair, despite its art-cinema flourishes" and thought that Anna's inability to obtain a visa was a contrived plot point that conflicted with Doremus's attempt at creating realism. "The Globe and Mail" Rick Groen also found "Like Crazy" unrealistic, giving the film 2 out of 4 stars and writing that "nothing feels more false than a failed attempt at getting real". Writing for "Salon", Andrew O'Hehir opined that the film was uninteresting, unmemorable, and "sickly sweet". Nick Pinkerton of "The Village Voice" found Jones and Yelchin's performances "aggressively average" and described the film as "a rote story, arbitrarily scattered into abstraction".

</doc>
<doc id="30979418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979418" title="Masakazu Senuma">
Masakazu Senuma

Masakazu Senuma (瀬沼 正和, born September 7, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30979474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979474" title="2011–12 Wellington Phoenix FC season">
2011–12 Wellington Phoenix FC season

The 2011–12 season was the 's fifth season in the Hyundai A-League. After placing 4th at the conclusion of the regular season, the Phoenix's title hopes came to an end in the second round of the finals series, losing 3-2 to Perth in extra time.
Club.
Kit.
On the 29th of January, 2012, The Wellington Phoenix wore a special black strip in their match against . The strip was designed by Andrew Durante, Tim Brown and Leo Bertos to raise money for charity with 100% of the TradeMe auction proceeds going to Cure Kids.

</doc>
<doc id="30979491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979491" title="Jean Baptiste Louis Isambert">
Jean Baptiste Louis Isambert

Jean Baptiste Louis Isambert (1841–1906) was an Australian politician who served on the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 17 July 1882 to 25 October 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="30979501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979501" title="Tokyo Bound">
Tokyo Bound

Tokyo Bound is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Tokyo in 1970 and released on the Japanese RCA Victor label. 

</doc>
<doc id="30979526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979526" title="Takashi Sambonsuge">
Takashi Sambonsuge

Takashi Sambonsuge (, born June 5, 1978) is a Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30979549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979549" title="Siege of Valencia (1812)">
Siege of Valencia (1812)

The Siege of Valencia from 3 November 1811 to 9 January 1812, saw Marshal Louis Gabriel Suchet's French Army of Aragon besiege Captain General Joaquín Blake y Joyes' forces in the city of Valencia, Spain during the Peninsular War. The 20,000 to 30,000 French troops compelled 16,000 Spanish soldiers to surrender at the conclusion of the siege, although another 7,000 Spaniards escaped from the trap. Suchet quickly converted Valencia into an important base of operations after this Napoleonic Wars action. Valencia, modern-day capital of the Valencian Community, is located on the east coast of Spain. 
Background.
On 8 July 1811, Suchet received his baton, making him the only French general to be appointed Marshal of France for winning victories in Spain. Specifically, he won this honor for his victory in the Siege of Tarragona. The port of Tarragona fell to the French on 29 June 1811 as a British naval squadron stood helplessly offshore. Suchet pressed the siege ruthlessly and lost 4,300 troops during the operation, but Spanish losses were far heavier. The loss of the port involved most of the Army of Catalonia and therefore left Spanish forces in the area gravely weakened.
Emperor Napoleon I of France ordered his newly minted marshal to capture Valencia. During the summer and fall of 1811, Suchet seized Montserrat, defeated Blake at Benaguasil, and captured the port of Oropesa del Mar. On 15 September, 25,000 French invaded Valencia and beat Blake again at the Battle of Sagunto on 26 October, where Suchet sustained a severe wound in his shoulder. Reinforced by two additional divisions, the French relentlessly advanced.
Siege.
Suchet commanded 20,595 men in five infantry divisions under Generals of Division Louis François Félix Musnier, Jean Isidore Harispe, Pierre-Joseph Habert, Giuseppe Frederico Palombini, and Claude Antoine Compère, plus cavalry and artillerists. Musnier's 1st Division consisted of the 114th and 121st Line Infantry Regiments, three battalions each, and the 1st and 2nd Infantry Regiments of the Legion of the Vistula, two battalions each. Harispe's 2nd Division included the following infantry regiments, 7th Line, four battalions, 44th Line and 3rd Vistula Legion, two battalions each, and 116th Line, three battalions. Habert's 3rd Division comprised the 16th and 117th Line Infantry Regiments, three battalions each, and the 15th Line Infantry Regiment, two battalions.
Palombini's Kingdom of Italy Division had the 2nd Light and 4th and 6th Line Infantry Regiments, three battalions each, and the 5th Line Infantry Regiment, two battalions. Compère's weak Kingdom of Naples Division consisted of the 1st Light and the 1st and 2nd Line Infantry Regiments, one battalion each. General of Brigade André Joseph Boussart led Suchet's cavalry, including the 13th Cuirassier, 4th Hussar, and Italian "Napoleone" Dragoon Regiments, four squadrons each, 24th Dragoon Regiment, two squadrons, and Neapolitan Chasseurs à Cheval, one squadron. One authority asserts that Suchet had 30,000 men and adds General of Division Honoré Charles Reille's infantry division to the French order of battle. Another source gives Suchet 33,000 and the divisions of both Reille and General of Division Philippe Eustache Louis Severoli. 
Blake disposed of 28,044 soldiers for the defense of Valencia, organized in three groups, the Expeditionary Corps, the 2nd Valencian Army, and the 3rd Murcian Army. The Expeditionary Corps' included the infantry divisions of Generals Miguel Lardizabal y Uribe and José Pascual de Zayas y Chacón plus General Casimiro Loy's cavalry and two horse artillery batteries, a total of 6,041 men. The 2nd Army consisted of the infantry divisions of Generals Miranda, José Obispo, Villacampa, and Velasco, plus General San Juan's cavalry. The 2nd Army mustered 16,468 men, two foot and one horse artillery batteries. Counting 5,535 troops, the 3rd Army had the brigades of Generals Creagh and Montijo plus eight squadrons of cavalry and one horse artillery battery. 
Blake deployed his army facing generally north with his right wing on the coast, his right-center in Valencia, his left-center at Mislata, and his left at Manises. The divisions of Obispo and Villacampa, which had performed poorly at the Battle of Sagunto, held the left flank. To their right stood Creagh's brigade. Next in line were the good-quality divisions of Lardizabal and Zayas. Miranda's division occupied Valencia while some irregulars held the gap between the city and the coast. Blake posted his cavalry at Aldaia and Torrent, behind his left flank. Though the line as far as Manises was fortified and protected by canals and ditches, the left flank hung in the air.
Suchet discerned that Blake's left flank was the weak point and determined to envelop it. He planned to take the divisions of Harispe, Musnier, Reille, and Boussart in a wide sweep around the open Spanish flank. Suchet directed Habert to break through along the coast, while Palombini attacked Mislata and Compère observed the Spanish lines. If all went well, Suchet might bag Blake's entire army. On the night of 25 December, Suchet led his main column across the Rio Túria at Riba-roja de Túria. 
At first, Habert's attack on his right flank fooled Blake into thinking it was Suchet's main effort. Then Palombini's attack at Mislata diverted his attention. Despite persistent assaults, the Italians failed to break through and suffered heavy losses. Suchet's main column reached Blake's left rear virtually unopposed. As Harispe approached the village of Aldaia, he sighted the Spanish cavalry reserve. With a single squadron of the 4th Hussars, Boussart rashly attacked a vastly superior force. The handful of French horsemen were wiped out, while Boussart was cut down and left for dead, his sword and decorations pilfered. The bulk of the French cavalry under General of Brigade Jacques-Antoine-Adrien Delort soon came up and routed the Spanish troopers, driving them beyond the Rio Júcar and depriving Blake of much-needed cavalry support. 
General Nicolás de Mahy, in overall command of the left flank, realized that his troops were in danger of being encircled. He ordered an immediate retreat and the divisions of Obispo and Villacampa, as well as Creagh's brigade made their escape to the south. Blake ordered Lardizabal and Zayas to retire within Valencia. The veteran units cleanly disengaged but were doomed to be trapped in the city. Suchet rapidly ringed the city with his army. 
With a population of 100,000, a lack of food, and obsolete defenses, Valencia was in no condition to sustain a siege. On the night of 28 December, Blake tried to break out of the city. The attempt failed except for a spearhead of 500 troops which got away. Suchet wasted little time, digging the first siege parallels on 1 January and taking the outer defenses under fire three days later. As the bombardment intensified, Blake capitulated and handed over Valencia on 9 January.
Results.
For the loss of about 2,000 killed and wounded, Suchet succeeded in capturing 16,270 Spanish soldiers, 21 colors, and 374 guns. In addition, 4,011 Spanish troops died in battle or from disease. All of Blake's cavalry, plus the units of Obispo, Villacampa, and Creagh avoided capture, but his best troops became prisoners. Blake performed poorly throughout the siege and the citizens of Valencia despised him for his feeble efforts. The French held the Spanish general in prison near Paris until 1814. Suchet levied an indemnity on the surrendered city of 53 million francs. Boussart received a promotion to General of Division but eventually died from his many battle injuries in August 1813. 
Suchet continued to advance to the south, capturing the port of Dénia. However, with Napoleon transferring troops from Spain to support his upcoming invasion of Russia, operations soon ground to a halt due to a lack of soldiers. Suchet also fell seriously ill with a fever and was out of action for weeks. This allowed the remnants of Blake's army under Mahy to recover. In the meantime, Napoleon ennobled his victorious marshal with the title Duke of Albufera, after the name of a lagoon south of Valencia.
Far to the north, General Joaquín Ibáñez Cuevas y de Valonga, Baron de Eroles ambushed a French battalion at a place on the coast southwest of Tarragona called Col de Balaguer. On 18 January, 4,000 Spanish troops, including 250 cavalry and two cannons, captured one battalion of the 121st Line Infantry Regiment. Out of about 850 troops, only the governor of the fortress of Tortosa, General of Brigade Jacques Mathurin Lafosse and 22 dragoons escaped the trap. General of Division Maurice Mathieu exacted revenge on Eroles less than a week later. In heavy fog, Eroles engaged what he thought was an enemy battalion on 24 January in the Battle of Altafulla. In fact, it was Mathieu's 8,000-strong division of six French and two German battalions. At the cost of a few casualties, the French crushed the outnumbered Spanish force, inflicting a loss of 2,000 killed, wounded, and captured as well as taking both cannons. 
On 20 January, Severoli laid siege to Peñiscola with his division of 3,000 men and six guns. The port, between Valencia and Tarragona, was known as "Little Gibraltar" because it seemed virtually impregnable. The Spanish commander General Garcia Navarro, however, was pro-French and quickly came to terms with Severoli, handing over the castle on 2 February and surrendering his 1,000 troops. 
Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington's crushing defeat of Marshal Auguste Marmont at the Battle of Salamanca on 22 July 1812 caused King Joseph Bonaparte to abandon Madrid on 11 August. Because Suchet had a secure base at Valencia, Joseph and Marshal Jean-Baptiste Jourdan retreated there and were joined by Marshals Suchet and Nicolas Soult. Together, Joseph and the three marshals worked out a plan to recapture Madrid and drive Wellington from central Spain. Their subsequent counteroffensive caused the British general to lift the Siege of Burgos and retreat to Portugal in the autumn of 1812.

</doc>
<doc id="30979558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979558" title="Nettiin">
Nettiin

"Nettiin" () is a Finnish-language song by Finnish singer Jenni Vartiainen, released from her second studio album "Seili" by Warner Music on July 17, 2010. The song is written by Teemu Brunila. The release includes the song, its remix and a remix of her previous single, "En haluu kuolla tänä yönä".
Chart performance.
The song stayed in the Finnish Singles Chart for a total of 11 weeks peaking at number 13 on week 29, in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30979588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979588" title="Robert of Caserta">
Robert of Caserta

Robert of Lauro (died 1183) was the Count of Caserta, a powerful nobleman and administrator in the Kingdom of Sicily, "effectively the king's viceroy on the mainland" between 1171 and his death. He was a close colleague of Count Tancred of Lecce, the future king. His influence helped his cousin Roger become Archbishop of Benevento (1179–1225). 
In 1168, when Count Bohemond II of Manoppello accused Count Richard of Molise of a conspiracy against the Chancellor Stephen du Perche, it was Robert who prevented the case from being settled by judicial duel when he alleged that Richard had also illegally acquired the town of Mandra and others near Troia from the crown. Robert was made the first master constable and master justiciar of the Duchy of Apulia and the Terra di Lavoro (in Latin, "magister comestabulus et justitiarius Apuliae et Terra Laboris") in 1171, when a new system for governing the mainland territories of the kingdom was instituted following the restoration of royal authority in 1169 after years of unrest and open rebellion. 
In 1171 Robert convened a "curia" (court) in Capua, outside his jurisdiction, with two royal justiciars, Matthew de Venabulo and John de Valle. In 1172 King William II ordered Robert and Count Richard of Gravina with the chamberlain ("camerarius") of the Terra di Lavoro to determine whether the monastery of Sora had been gifted by William's predecessor, Roger II, with the rents of four churches. In 1173 he, two royal justiciars, and a chamberlain were in Capua to adjudicate a case relating to the abbey of Santa Sofia of Benevento. In 1176 Tancred of Lecce succeeded Richard of Gravina as constable and justiciar in the same district as Robert. While Tancred generally held court at Bari, Barletta and Troia, Robert was generally at Caserta, Capua or Aversa. The equal competence of either is illustrated by Robert's advice to the monks of Casauria that they could seek justice from either him or Tancred (1182). 
In the autumn of 1176, Robert accompanied Richard Palmer and Alfanus of Camerota with twenty-five galleys to Saint-Gilles to take custody of Joan, daughter of Henry II of England, who was betrothed to William II. In 1182, following royal orders, Robert and Tancred of Lecce were in Aversa to pass judgement in the case of the Bishop of Marsia, who was unable to enforce his rights over the monastery of San Bartolomeo di Avezzano, which was supported by Gentilis de Palearia. The high standing of the litigants probably necessitated joint action by the justiciars. A list of those plaintiffs who required both justiciars to adjudicate during Robert's career suggests this: the Bishops of Teano and Sessa in 1171, the monaster of La Cava in 1171, 1177 and 1182, the Bishop of Venosa in 1176, the monastery of Montecassino in 1180, the Bishop of Benevento in 1180 and 1185, the Bishop of Bari in 1181, and the Bishop of Troia in 1183. 
While at Aversa in 1182, Robert gave orders to the chamberlain of the Principality of Salerno "as though he was his normal superior". Robert was succeeded after his death by Count Roger of Andria.

</doc>
<doc id="30979598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979598" title="Wilson Severino">
Wilson Severino

Wilson del Valle Severino (born February 25, 1980 in Río Cuarto, Córdoba Province) is an Argentine footballer. He plays as a striker and his current team is the C. A. Atlas of the First "D" of Argentina.
Career.
His father is a black Brazilian and his mother an Argentine. Emerging from the lower Boulougne Atlético, the Buenos Aires city of San Isidro, failed to debut in the first division of that club. He was traded in 2003 at Club Social y Deportivo Central Ballester, where he played first division club for the first time and stayed until 2005. In that year moved to Club Atlético Atlas of the First "D". Is the leading scorer of the club with 39 goals until the mid- 2009.
A knee injury prevented him from playing for a long period. In record time he recovered and returned to play. An important fact is that, being an amateur, like all of the Atlas Athletic Club, must work to support his family. His occupation is the sweeper on the tracks of the railroad station, Grand Bourg Belgrano Norte.
He scored a goal against Boca Juniors in the year 2007 in the friendly cup Estadio Alberto J. Armando in a 1-0 win against that team. In March 2010 he traveled to Medellin, Colombia, to prove to Independiente Medellín, but was not taken into account to stay in the Colombian team.

</doc>
<doc id="30979601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979601" title="Simon's House">
Simon's House

Simon's House is a home designed to rescue orphan boys from human trafficking in Moldova. Simon's House was originally built in 2006 by Philip Cameron (Christian Scottish missionary-evangelist) to rescue young orphan girls from human trafficking. It was originally named Stella's House 1 and is located in Chişinău, Moldova. In 2010, Stella's House 1 was converted and renamed to Simon's House. Simon's House is designed to provide a safe place for orphan boys to receive all basic needs such as security, food, shelter, and an education.
Name.
Simon's House was named after Philip Cameron's father Simon Cameron (Christian Scottish missionary-evangelist) in honor of his devotion and original vision to help orphan boys and girls in Romania and Moldova. Simon and Philip Cameron's efforts lead to the personal discovery of the sex trafficking situation in Moldova. Philip wanted his father's legacy to continue in the naming of the first boy's home that helps rescue at-risk boys. Simon Cameron died in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="30979615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979615" title="Ahlfors finiteness theorem">
Ahlfors finiteness theorem

In the mathematical theory of Kleinian groups, the Ahlfors finiteness theorem describes the quotient of the domain of discontinuity by a finitely generated Kleinian group. The theorem was proved by , apart from a gap that was filled by .
The Ahlfors finiteness theorem states that if Γ is a finitely-generated Kleinian group with region of discontinuity Ω, then
Ω/Γ has a finite number of components, each of which is a compact Riemann surface with a finite number of points removed.
Bers area inequality.
The Bers area inequality is a quantitative refinement of the Ahlfors finiteness theorem proved by . It states that if Γ is a non-elementary finitely-generated Kleinian group with "N" generators and with region of discontinuity Ω, then
with equality only for Schottky groups. (The area is given by the Poincaré metric in each component.)
Moreover, if Ω1 is an invariant component then
with equality only for Fuchsian groups of the first kind (so in particular there can be at most two invariant components).

</doc>
<doc id="30979646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979646" title="Octet (Stravinsky)">
Octet (Stravinsky)

The Octet for wind instruments is a chamber-music composition by Igor Stravinsky, completed in 1923.
Stravinsky’s Octet is scored for an unusual combination of woodwind and brass instruments: flute, clarinet in B and A, two bassoons, trumpet in C, trumpet in A, tenor trombone, and bass trombone. Because of its dry wind sonorities, divertimento character, and open and self-conscious adoption of "classical" forms of the German tradition (sonata, variation, fugue), as well as the fact that the composer published an article asserting his formalist ideas about it shortly after the Octet's first performance, it has been generally regarded as the beginning of neoclassicism in Stravinsky's music, even though his opera "Mavra" (1921–22) already displayed most of the traits associated with this phase of his career (Walsh 2001, §5).
History.
According to Stravinsky, he composed the Octet fairly rapidly in 1922. After completing the first movement, he composed the waltz that would become the fourth variation of the middle movement. Only after composing this waltz did the idea come to him that it might be a good subject for a variation movement. The seventh variation, a fugato, especially pleased Stravinsky, and the following third movement grew out of this final variation (Stravinsky and Craft 1963, 71). One biographer concludes that Stravinsky began composing the Octet after returning from Germany to Biarritz late in the autumn of 1922, and completed the score on 20 May 1923 (White 1979, 308–309)
However, the sketch materials reveal a more complex chronology. Twelve measures of what would become the waltz variation were composed in 1919, and the fugato variation was the first complete section to be composed, in January 1921. There is an early five-page draft of uncertain date for the beginning of the Allegro section in the first movement, at that time planned for piano and wind orchestra. The main segments of the first movement were drafted in sketches dated between 12 July and 8 August, and the full score of the movement was completed on 16 August 1922. Two days later, Stravinsky began work on the second movement by adding the previously composed fugato, and then the waltz fragment, slightly expanded. The waltz coincidentally contains the same intervals as the opening of the fugato, and on August 23, 1922, he created the theme and titled the movement "Thème avec variations monométriques". Variation D was begun next, but work was interrupted and Stravinsky finished it only on 18 November, followed by the "ribbons of scales" variation A on 1 December, variation B on 6 December, and variation C on 9 December. The Finale was completed in Paris on 20 May 1923 (Craft 1983–84, 458–62). The score was revised by the composer in 1952.
The published score does not carry a dedication, though Stravinsky said it was dedicated to Vera de Bosset (White 1979, 85, 308).
Stravinsky himself conducted the premiere of the Octet on one of Serge Koussevitzky's concerts at the Paris Opera House on 18 October 1923. This was the first time he had conducted a premiere of a new piece, though not the first time he had conducted his music in public (Walsh 2001, §5). The cavernous space cannot have been ideal for presenting such a chamber-music work, but Stravinsky later expressed satisfaction with the balance of the sound at that performance (White 1979, 313).
The very first recording that Stravinsky made was of the Octet: a private recording, probably made for his own study purposes, which is now lost (Cook 2003, 177).
Form.
The Octet is in three movements:
The thematic and rhythmic materials of the three movements are interrelated (Waeltner 1971, 274), and the second movement connects to the third without a break.
First movement.
The opening Sinfonia is a comparatively rare example (despite his label of "neoclassic composer") of Stravinsky's use of sonata form (Haimo and Johnson 1987, x). His employment of this form, along with the other style elements consciously borrowed from the past, is not out of a reverent desire to perpetuate them, but rather constitutes a defiant and satirical act of mockery (Straus 1987, 161). The opening Lento section functions like a classical introduction, presenting the background tonal structure that will also govern the main Allegro section (Haimo 1987, 45; Straus 1987, 159). In the Allegro, Stravinsky exploits the apparent contradiction of two formal balances: one created through the parallel restatement of themes, the other through the symmetrical arrangement of themes and events on different structural layers of the composition (Kielian-Gilbert 1991, 464).
Second movement.
In 1922, when Stravinsky was composing the second, theme-and-variations movement, he confided in a letter to Ernest Ansermet that Mozart was for him what Ingres was to Picasso. The hybrid of rondo and variation form resembles the slow movement of Mozart's E major Piano Concerto, K. 482, to which it has been compared (Kielian-Gilbert 1991, 471–72). Variations 1, 3, and 6 are practically identical (all are labeled "variation A" in the score), and serve as introductions to the following variations 2, 4, and 7 (Nelson 1962, 329). Stravinsky referred to this recurring introduction as the "ribbons of scales" variation (Stravinsky and Craft 1963, 71). The second, fourth, fifth, and seventh variations assume the characters of a march, a waltz, a cancan, and a solemn fugue, respectively (Simms 1986, 279). The fugato is almost uniformly written in 5/8 time (White 1979, 311). This seventh, final variation is particularly surprising. The theme here is scarcely recognizable, and does not seem promising as the subject for a fugue; the sound character of the variation, with its emphasis on slow-moving harmonic masses, is unearthly, and its plan is unconventional, with the subject occurring only four times (Nelson 1962, 337).
Third movement.
The finale's material is based on a rhythm identified by Stravinsky in earlier works (such as "The Firebird" and "The Rite of Spring") with the Russian circle-dance called a "khorovod". This repeating, three-note syncopated rhythm with proportions 3:3:2 (      ) is especially evident in the accompanying chords at the end, but all the preceding material in the movement is built on it or contains it. The overall formal design may be represented as A-B-A'-C-A"-D-D', where the refrain material in the A sections occurs one time fewer in each successive repetition: three times, then two times, and finally just once. In this process, the "khorovod"-like element becomes progressively less evident in the refrain, whereas in the intervening couplets it increases in clarity, from a disguised augmentation in the solo trumpet in section B, to a flute solo built on the original rhythmic shape in C, to the chordal accompaniment in D. The conception of a round dance is transformed here into an instrumental rondo, with a main theme resembling a baroque fugue subject (Waeltner 1971, 267–69, 272–73).
Reception.
Aaron Copland witnessed the world premiere in Paris, and reported the general dismay at the abrupt, inexplicable turn away from Stravinsky's well-established neo-primitivist Russian style, to what appeared to everyone as "a mess of 18th-century mannerisms". The press, too, was unanimous in condemning what seemed like a bad joke. From a perspective of several decades later, of course, it had become clear that Stravinsky was embarking on a new and important stylistic phase that was destined to influence composers everywhere by bringing out a latent objectivist tendency in the music of the period, by openly reverting to the ideals, forms, and textures of the pre-Romantic era (Copland 1968, 72).
Not all of the early reviewers took a negative view, however. When the Octet was performed at the Salzburg Festival in 1924, by instrumentalists from Frankfurt conducted by Hermann Scherchen, an anonymous reviewer in the "Times" declared that, "without claiming for it, after the manner of the composer's more violent admirers, that it is a seventh Brandenburg Concerto", it displayed "a complete mastery of the medium", as well as a sure sense of form and "an ingenuity in counterpoint" with its own laws. Though finding moments of unaccustomed discords preventing acceptance of the music as "beautiful", this critic concluded that "there is so much to admire in the work that it cannot be dismissed as a piece of buffoonery" (Anon. 1924).

</doc>
<doc id="30979723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979723" title="Maine School Administrative District 11">
Maine School Administrative District 11

MSAD 11 serves the communities of Gardiner, Pittston, Randolph and West Gardiner.

</doc>
<doc id="30979727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979727" title="Daniel Conceicao Silva">
Daniel Conceicao Silva

Daniel Conceicao Silva (born October 10, 1970) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30979757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979757" title="2011 United States public employee protests">
2011 United States public employee protests

In February 2011, a series of public employee protests began in the United States against proposed legislation which would weaken the power of labor unions. By March, eighteen states had proposed legislation which would remove some collective bargaining powers from unions, along with another five states which have proposed legislation which would negatively affect unions. The protests occurred when public employee unions mounted protests against legislation proposed by Republican governors such as Scott Walker (Wisconsin), Rick Scott (Florida), Mitch Daniels (Indiana), Sean Parnell (Alaska), Rick Snyder (Michigan), John Kasich (Ohio), Paul LePage (Maine) and Jan Brewer (Arizona) which, among other things, would strip public employees of some collective bargaining rights as well as require higher employee contributions to pension and health care plans. The governors had stated they needed these changes in order to cut state spending and balance the states' budgets. The protests began in Wisconsin, then spread to Indiana and Ohio, with unions around the country rallying to show their opposition to the proposed legislation. Several other states are considering similar legislation. Virginia, North Carolina, and Texas already prohibit formal
collective bargaining with public employees.
Alaska.
Proposed Legislation.
Representative Carl Gatto (R-Palmer), has introduced legislation that would strip many public employees of the right to collectively bargain for hours, benefits and working conditions. State employees could still collectively bargain for wages under the legislation. The bill exempts firefighters, police officers and emergency medical technicians.
Arizona.
More info
California.
Proposed Legislation.
Republicans in the Senate and Assembly have proposed measures that would limit collective-bargaining rights and increase pension contributions for state employees. Democrats in control of the Legislature kept collective bargaining safe, but Governor Jerry Brown (D) unveiled a plan in March to target excesses in pensions.
Protests.
Los Angeles county police estimated that between 5,000 and 8,000 people took part in a protest against pay cuts to state workers on March 26.
Colorado.
More info
Florida.
Proposed Legislation.
Republican Governor Rick Scott’s budget proposal calls for a heavy hit to union strength, but, due to a constitutional provision, the state is not allowed to strip collective-bargaining rights unless a union’s membership falls below a certain level. Lawmakers are instead preparing to place a cap on the amount unions can automatically extract from members’ paychecks without written permission. One of the bills passed the House in late March and awaits Senate approval. Republicans control both chambers, so passage is likely.
Protests.
Protests have yet to escalate in Florida. A small group of union employees, nearing 100, marched in Palm Beach to show solidarity with Wisconsin workers on April 4, in honor of the anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s death.
Hawaii.
More info
Idaho.
Proposed Legislation.
A bill restricting the collective bargaining rights’ of Idaho’s unionized teachers passed the legislature on March 7 and was signed into effect by Republican Gov. Butch Otter. The bill, which first passed in the House in February, will keep 12,000 teachers from bargaining their salary and benefits. It also eliminated tenure and introduced merit-based pay. The legislature adjourned for April 7, ending what lawmakers have called one of the most difficult sessions in memory.
Protests.
Union members planned to protest outside the Capitol in Boise on March 9 to condemn the passage of the bill. A rally in Boise on February 21, before the House vote, drew about 1,000 protesters and smaller pro-teacher’s union rallies were held in 10 other cities.
Indiana.
Proposed legislation.
Republican House members proposed a “right-to-work” bill that would have made it illegal for an employer to mandate that employees join a union. Lacking support from Republican Governor Mitch Daniels, the bill has died.
Protests.
Most of the Democratic representatives in Indiana's state House of Representatives fled to neighboring states to block voting on bill. On March 10 thousands of protesters appeared at the Indiana state house, protesting in support of labor unions.
Iowa.
Proposed Legislation.
House Republicans proposed a bill that required state workers to pay a portion of their insurance premiums and allowed workers to opt-out of union membership. Though the Republican-controlled House pushed a labor reform to weaken unions, the Democrat-controlled Senate has not taken it up for debate.
Protests.
Roughly 300 people came to show their support for workers on April 4, marking the anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s death.
Kansas.
Proposed legislation.
The Kansas House passed a Republican-backed bill on February 24 that would ban voluntary deductions from union members’ paychecks for political activities. The bill also bans public employee unions from endorsing political candidates. The bill has a good chance of passing the heavily-Republican Senate. Republican Governor Sam Brownback has not communicated his stance on the bill.
Protests.
Kansas union members filled the hall of the House on February 24 in an unsuccessful attempt to urge lawmakers to oppose the bill.
Maine.
Proposed legislation.
On February 28 it was reported that newly elected Governor Paul LePage, in an interview at the National Governors Association, praised Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, who is trying to eliminate collective bargaining rights for public employees, and expressed support for right-to-work legislation proposals in the Maine Legislature. The 'right-to-work' bill would make it illegal for public employees to be required to join a union, and eliminate collective bargaining for public employees. LePage openly challenged public workers saying Wisconsin-style protests will start coming to Maine "once employees start reading the budget bill."
Protests.
Several protests were planned by the Maine State Employees Union, with a member saying that LePage is trying to "drive public employees to poverty." MSEU bussed public employees out to the capital of Augusta to protest, and several high schools and colleges held walkouts in protest of the legislation. Reports said the numbers of protesters in Augusta numbered in the hundreds, while the exact number of high school and college walkouts are unknown. In February, state Rep. Diane Russel traveled to Wisconsin to join in the protests going on in Madison saying, "This war isn't about the unions: it's a class war; this affects every worker and every member of the Middle Class – what's left of it."
On March 24, Governor LePage sparked protests when he announced that he planned to remove a large mural depicting the history of the state's labor movement from the lobby of the Maine Department of Labor offices. LePage said that he had received a written complaint signed by a "secret admirer", and "some complaints" from business owners. The mural includes depictions of Rosie the Riveter at Bath Iron Works, a 1937 shoe worker’s strike, and the 1986 SD Warren paper mill strike. The artist, Judy Taylor, stated, “There was never any intention to be pro-labor or anti-labor, it was a pure depiction of the facts.” LePage also announced that he plans to rename conference rooms that have carried the names of historic leaders of American labor, including former Secretary Frances Perkins, the first female cabinet member in American history (Franklin Roosevelt's Secretary of Labor) who had strong Maine roots. The Governor's spokesman explained that the mural and the conference-room names were “not in keeping with the department's pro-business goals.
Despite protests, on March 28 it was disclosed that the murals had been removed over the weekend. In a statement LePage's press secretary said, "The mural has been removed and is in storage awaiting relocation to a more appropriate venue." Some Maine residents are protesting the removal. On April 2, the federal government, who granted US$60,000 to the State of Maine to have the mural painted and installed, asked LePage to return the $60,000 or put the mural back up.
Protesters, numbering at about 350 people, have maintained a presence in the capitol, even after LePage left for a vacation in Jamaica. Some protesters held signs comparing LePage to dictators such as Muammar Gaddafi, Hosni Mubarak and Benito Mussolini. Others wore stickers and t-shirts with 61% written on them, referencing that 61% of voters had voted for someone other than LePage in the 2010 Maine gubernatorial election.
Massachusetts.
Proposed Legislation.
Democrat Governor Deval Patrick's agenda included proposals to restrict the collective bargaining power of municipal unions over health care plan design and to increase the retirement age in order to reduce the unfunded liability in the pension system. Restrictions to collective-bargaining rights were seen as unlikely to pass the Democratic-controlled Legislature. Although Patrick supported limited restrictions on some aspects of health care plans for municipal employees, he has spoken against broader proposals against overall collective bargaining rights. On April 27, the Democrat-controlled Massachusetts House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly in favor with a vote of 111–42 to change collective bargaining rights of municipal employee unions with regards to health care.
The legislation, which ultimately passed, created a process for municipalities to force their unions to the bargaining table regarding health care plan design or be moved into the state Group Insurance Commission pool, which has significantly more bargaining power and leeway in plan design than municipal plans (and thus much lower costs). State employees were unaffected as they already used the GIC, and municipal employees retain the right to collectively bargain premium contributions to their plans, GIC or otherwise. However, the legislation ran contrary to the national trend in which the Democratic Party at the federal and state level were opposing all measures to change collective bargaining rights.
Protests.
Pro-union protesters gathered at Beacon Hill in Boston on February 22. The counter rally, held by tea partiers, took place at the foot of the Statehouse. Smaller groups, maximum 300, have gathered around the state following the February protest.
Michigan.
Proposed Legislation.
Democrats in the Republican-dominated legislature have proposed an amendment to guarantee collective bargaining rights to state workers. The amendment would need a public vote to become part of the constitution. The amendment is unlikely to get the two-thirds vote it would need to appear on the public ballot. Both chambers of the state legislature have passed bills that would give state-appointed Emergency Financial Managers the power to break contracts in the event of a municipal "financial emergency".
Protests.
Michigan firefighters and other union members were at the Capitol in protest of anti-union legislation on March 8. Roughly 200 gathered outside the capitol in Lansing on April 4.
Minnesota.
More info
Missouri.
Proposed Legislation.
Senate President Pro Tem Rob Mayer, a Republican, said on February 24 that he plans to propose a “right-to-work” bill next week. The Missouri Chamber of Commerce has announced its support of the bill, and both chambers of the legislature are controlled by Republicans. Democratic Governor Jay Nixon has yet to communicate his stance on the issue.
Protests.
Wisconsin-style protests haven’t occurred, but Senate Presidrnt Rob Mayer told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch: “I’m aware that could take place and happen, but it will in no way keep me from moving forward with trying to implement the law.”
Montana.
More info
Nebraska.
Proposed Legislation.
A proposed bill and constitutional amendment introduced by State Senator John Nelson (Republican) called for abolishing collective bargaining and the Nebraska Commission of Industrial Relations. The state commission resolves impasses in wage and benefit negotiations for public workers. Other bills call for changes in the commission's powers, including removing teachers unions from its jurisdiction. Governor Dave Heineman (Republican), says he favors “meaningful and significant” changes.
Nevada.
Proposed Legislation.
Republican lawmakers and former Republican Governor Jim Gibbons drafted a bill in 2010 to end collective bargaining. In February, newly elected Republican Governor Brian Sandoval asked legislators to ignore his predecessor’s collective-bargaining plan. Sandoval’s decision, combined with the obstacle of a Democrat-controlled House and Senate, makes such a measure highly unlikely to pass. Assembly Minority Leader Pete Goicoechea said the Republican caucus would be flexible in order to avoid a Wisconsin-style showdown.
Protests.
Nevada's public employees held rallies in Carson City on April 4 to protest the proposed “attacks” on their rights.
New Hampshire.
Proposed legislation.
A bill passed by the New Hampshire House would forbid collective bargaining agreements that require employees to join a union.
An amendment to the state budget bill, HB2, was proposed on March 22, 2011. The bill would effectively end collective bargaining in the state by de-certifying unions whose contracts expired. The amendment text is as follows
On March 30, the New Hampshire House of Representatives passed a bill that ended nearly all collective bargaining rights for state workers. "There is no way" the measure will clear the Senate, said Carole Alfano, the Senate communications director. "It has absolutely zero support.". However, the New Hampshire Senate has an overwhelming Republican majority with 19 of the 24 members being Republicans. Democratic governor John Lynch opposes the bill.
Protests.
On March 31, local religious leaders held a prayer and fasting vigil in the statehouse outside House Speaker Bill O'Brien's office. Meanwhile, thousands of concerned citizens held a rally outside to oppose the proposed budget and the attached amendment.
New Jersey.
Proposed legislation.
Republican Governor Chris Christie’s proposal for pension reform plans to dock more pay from state workers. He did not propose restricting collective bargaining because Democrats control the Legislature.
Protests.
New Jersey union groups called for a solidarity rally for Wisconsin’s public workers outside the statehouse in Trenton on February 25. The state teachers union, police and firefighters, CWA and AFL-CIO planned to send protesters to a workers' rights rally at the Statehouse on June 16.
New Mexico.
Proposed Legislation.
A bill has been filed in committee that would limit the collective bargaining rights of workers.
North Carolina.
More info
Ohio.
Proposed legislation.
Republican Governor John Kasich supported a Senate bill (SB 5) that would eliminate collective bargaining for state-government employees. Senate Democrats’ attempt to kill the bill with a statewide referendum. They collected 1.3 million signatures against the bill and has been defeated as Issue 2 in this November's election ballot.
Protests.
On the night of the bill’s signing, thousands of demonstrators protested outside the statehouse in Columbus.
Oklahoma.
Proposed legislation.
Republican leadership proposed amendments to limit the strength of city employee unions. Most state employees in Oklahoma are not allowed to unionize. The bills would repeal collective bargaining rights and change how cities handle disputes with public safety unions. With Republicans dominating the state’s government, the bill has a good shot at passing. One bill in the state House by Representative Mark McCullough (R-Sapulpa), and approved by House Economic Development, Tourism and Financial Services Committee, proposed altering the Oklahoma Firefighters Pension and Retirement System.
Protests.
On March 9, 2011, hundreds of Oklahoma firefighters went to the state capitol to protest against proposed changes in their pension benefits. The president of the International Association of Firefighters said he was concerned about the "tone of the legislature", and that "public employees seem to be the scapegoat". Nearly 400 union workers rallied outside the capitol in Oklahoma City on April 4.
Pennsylvania.
More info
Tennessee.
Proposed legislation.
Republican Governor Bill Haslam's budget did not call for collective-bargaining reforms, but a Senate bill threatened to take away those rights for teachers. The Senate bill, which once seemed likely to pass, has been met with sharp opposition from the public. On April 7, the bill was sent back to the education committee for revisions yet to be determined.
Protests.
A rally organized by local MoveOn.org members as part of the nationwide day of action of "Rallies to Save the American Dream" was held on Saturday, February 26 on Legislative Plaza on the south side of the Tennessee State Capitol. About 500 attended by organizer counts, but only 200 according to media accounts. The rally was both to stand with Wisconsin, and also to protest the proposed Tennessee legislation.
On March 5 nearly 3000 rallied on Legislative Plaza in a rally and march organized by the Tennessee Education Association, the state affiliate of the National Education Association. Teachers, union members, activists, and other supporters rallied against the proposed legislation. Dennis Van Roekel, national President of NEA flew in from Arizona to speak to the crowd. A number of Democratic elected officials spoke and were in attendance. A protest of hundreds on March 15 came to a head when police physically dragged seven teachers out of the Senate committee hearing.
Virginia.
More info
Washington.
Proposed Legislation.
There was a Republican-sponsored Senate bill that would restrict collective-bargaining rights for the state. The bill has little chance of passing because Democrats control the governor’s mansion and both legislative chambers.
Protests.
Amendments to collective bargaining have not come to fruition; about 400 demonstrators protesting budget cuts to state programs gathered at the Capitol on April 6.
West Virginia.
Protests.
Public-sector workers in West Virginia protested to demand better pay and working conditions. State employees are asking for the elimination of a 2005 pay freeze, a 3% cost-of-living adjustment, and seniority rights. Workers also want the state to fund the West Virginia Occupational and Safety Act, which was passed in 1987 to regulate workplace safety but has never been funded.
Wisconsin.
Proposed legislation.
Legislation proposed by Republican Governor of Wisconsin Scott Walker to address a projected $3.6 billion budget shortfall has sparked protests in Wisconsin. The legislation would require state employees to contribute 5.8% of their salaries to cover pension costs, contribute 12.6% towards their health care premiums, and would limit collective bargaining rights for most public employee union members. Democrats and union leaders offered to accept the increased cost of benefits but not the removal of bargaining rights. Walker offered a compromise to allow bargaining on wages with no limit which was deemed inadequate to the unions and the Democratic leadership.
Protests.
A crowd estimated to be up to 100,000 people turned out in Madison, Wisconsin on Saturday, February 26 to protest Governor Walker's bill. Solidarity demonstrations, and demonstrations against similar measures in other states, also took place around the country.
Some journalists and political commentators have compared the protests to the Arab Spring, some in jest. Christian Science Monitor staff writer Stephen Kurczy dubbed the Wisconsin protests "The Cheddar Revolution". Many journalists and commentators also considered the Middle East and North African protests an inspiration for the U.S. public employee protests.
In all 50 US states of the United States, there have been rallies supporting the Wisconsin demonstrations.
Wisconsin Capitol building occupation.
Protesters occupied the Wisconsin Capitol building to demonstrate their opposition to the proposed legislation restricting the collective bargaining rights of public employees and increase their share of benefits payments, and what they saw as anti-democratic behavior by the governor and legislature. On Friday, February 25, Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubbs told reporters that demonstrators would have to leave the Wisconsin state Capitol building by 4 pm on the following Sunday. According to media estimates, tens of thousands participated in the protests, and hundreds occupied the building around the clock. Police restricted sleeping bags, coolers, and folding chairs, and that the Capitol would be closed "for public health reasons". The Capitol was scheduled to reopen the following on Monday at 8 am, but police said they would closely monitor the number of people in the building. Some protesters vowed to remain as an act of civil disobedience, and non-violent civil disobedience training took place. Although many protesters did leave on Sunday afternoon at the urging of union leaders and Democrats, hundreds defied the order and remained in the building. Police did not remove the remaining protesters. The Department of Administration did not reopen the building until Tuesday nor remove the added security, such as metal detectors, for several weeks, in defiance of a court order.
On Thursday, March 3, Dane County Circuit Court Judge John Albert ordered that the Capitol building be cleared of protesters at building's the 6 pm closing time, but also ruled that restricting access to the building during business hours was unconstitutional because it violated the public's free speech and peaceful assembly rights.
Death threats.
Eighteen Republican state Senators received death threats after passing the bill.
On May 12, 2011, 100 pages of public records were released that detailed the emotions and threats that occurred during the protests. Dozens of emails suggest Walker or legislators should be shot, or hanged, or should watch their backs, look over their shoulders or resign. One man tweeted that he prayed an anvil would fall from the sky onto Walker. FBI agents from Maine to California to Florida also got involved, the records show. A suspect in Maine was arrested after sending letters to that state's Republican U.S. senators suggesting Walker should be killed and that all Republican governors resign. A Burbank, California resident who sent a long email offering a $50,000 bounty for Walker was interviewed by federal agents who determined he was mentally challenged and not a true threat. Police in Nebraska tracked down a man who posted to a Wisconsin man's Facebook page that he expected the shooting to start soon and that he would be ready to inflict nonlethal shots so others could hear screams. He told officers he got "carried away," didn't intend to harm anyone and has never been to Wisconsin. A Stevens Point man called the State Police after he heard his accountant, who he knew is married to a teacher, remark that if Walker didn't stop attacking teachers unions he'd be assassinated. An agent interviewed the accountant and determined there was no threat.
Legislative walkout.
In another form of protest, and as a tactic to prevent passage of the bill, all 14 Democratic members of the Wisconsin State Senate left the state of Wisconsin and traveled to Illinois in order to delay a vote on the bill. With only 19 Republican members, the Senate would not have the 20 Senators required for a quorum in order to vote on the bill, since it is a fiscal bill. The provision that the protests center around – the restricting of
collective bargaining rights for state workers – could still be passed as a separate bill even in the absence of the Senate Democrats, because it had no fiscal component.
Recall elections.
Groups began collecting signatures to try to recall eight Republicans and eight Democratic Senators. Of these attempts, six Republicans and three Democrats faced recall elections. Scholars could cite only three times in American history when more than one state legislator has been recalled at roughly the same time over the same issue. Two Republican senators lost their seats in the recall elections.
State Supreme Court election.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court race between 12-year incumbent David Prosser, Jr. and challenger Assistant Attorney General JoAnne Kloppenburg was widely seen as a referendum on Governor Walker's proposed budget reforms in Wisconsin and received considerable national media coverage. Prosser was seen as the pro-Walker candidate and Kloppenberg was seen as the anti-Walker candidate. On April 15, Prosser was named the official winner by 7,316 votes after all county canvassing was completed. On April 20, Kloppenburg asked for a recount. On May 20, Prosser was declared the official winner.

</doc>
<doc id="30979779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979779" title="DXN (Brand)">
DXN (Brand)

DXN is a multilevel marketing company based in Malaysia. DXN was founded in 1993 by Dato' Dr. Lim Siow Jin. The core business activities of DXN include the cultivation, manufacturing and marketing of health food supplements containing Ganoderma or Lingzhi. The company's other products include food and beverages, personal care products, skin care & cosmetic products, household products and water treatment systems. DXN's motto is ´One Dragon One World One Market and One Mind´. DXN Holdings Berhad was first listed on the main board of Bursa Malaysia in September 2003 and delisted in December 2011 due to a takeover bid by the founder.
DXN Products.
DXN products are categorized into 6 categories : health food supplements, food and beverages, personal care products, skin care and cosmetics, household products and water treatment systems. DXN also markets spirulina supplements, which are available in tablet and capsule forms.
DXN Farm and Factory.
DXN operates its Ganoderma Farm at Bukit Wang, Kedah. Adjacent to the farm is DXN Pharmaceutical, a processing factory, which was established in June 2001. DXN Factories have also been established in India and Indonesia.
DXN Farm is the first Lingzhi farm in Malaysia to receive the ISO 14001 certification and Organic Farming Certificate as well as receiving pioneer status for spirulina cultivation.
In 1999, DXN was certified as compliant with the Australian Code of Good Manufacturing Practice for Therapeutic Goods by the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) body, Australia. DXN has also been certified with the International Quality Management System Standards (ISO 9001) and Environmental Management System Standards (ISO 14001), which was approved by Lloyd's Register Quality Assurance.
DXN Farm uses the organic cultivation methods using materials such as rice chaff and sawdust instead of traditional fertilizer, insecticides, or hormone in the production of their Ganoderma products. DXN Farm also utilizes the suspension arrangement method to ensure quality growth stages of the Ganoderma crop and avoid the invasion of unwanted materials.
DXN Branches.
As of March 2014, DXN had penetrated more than 169 countries by establishing branches, stockists and/or service centers with more than 5 million distributors worldwide including Europe, the Middle East and the Americas.

</doc>
<doc id="30979794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979794" title="Emin Duraku">
Emin Duraku

Emin Duraku () was born in Gjakova in 1918. He was an early Albanian member of the Yugoslav communist movement. He returned to his home region in 1939 and was part of the bureau of the party's regional committee. Duraku was killed by fascist forces in Lipljan and became a martyr to the communist cause. Following his death, an Albanian partisan unit, formed in January 1943, was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="30979806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979806" title="Baldwin of Antioch">
Baldwin of Antioch

Baldwin of Antioch (died September 17, 1176) was a Frankish knight and general in service of the Byzantine Empire during the Byzantine–Seljuk Wars. He was the only son of Raynald of Châtillon and Constance, the Queen Regent of Antioch, and brother-in-law of Byzantine Emperor Manuel I Komnenos. An ally of the Emperor in his battles against the Seljuk Turks, Baldwin was one of his most trusted advisors and the only one of Manuel's senior commanders "of Western origin".
He commanded the right wing of the Byzantine forces guarding the siege and baggage train, largely composed of Latin mercenaries, at the Battle of Myriokephalon on September 17, 1176. Upon approaching narrow Tzibritze Pass, the Seljuks launched an attack on Manuel's marching troops. Baldwin led a cavalry charge attempting to drive the Turks from the hills in a counterattack but was surrounded and killed together with all his men.
In "Byzantium: The Decline and Fall" (1996), English historian John Julius Norwich described the aftermath of Baldwin's death; 

</doc>
<doc id="30979824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979824" title="Alfred Compigne">
Alfred Compigne

Alfred William Compigne (1818–1909) was a settler and politician of Queensland, Australia. He was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council.
Early life.
Alfred William Compigne was born at Gosford, Hampshire, England on 2 February 1818. He immigrated to Sydney, Australia on 30 June 1839.
Politics.
Compigne was appointed to be on the first Queensland Legislative Council in 1860.
Later life.
Compigne died from senile decay at his residence, "Richmond Villa", on Sunday 4 July 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="30979828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979828" title="Tokyo Reverie">
Tokyo Reverie

Tokyo Reverie is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Tokyo in 1970 and released on the Japanese RCA Victor label. 

</doc>
<doc id="30979832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979832" title="Shinya Yabusaki">
Shinya Yabusaki

Shinya Yabusaki (born June 1, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30979834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979834" title="TAYO Arts and Culture">
TAYO Arts and Culture

TAYO Arts and Culture is an arts nonprofit organization whose mission is to advance the understanding of the diverse cultural identity of Filipino Americans. With an annually published arts and literary journal, TAYO Literary Magazine, and its monthly online component, along with TAYO readings and events, TAYO Arts and Culture is dedicated to the creation, cultivation and promotion of Filipino-American arts and culture.

</doc>
<doc id="30979838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979838" title="Kainipura">
Kainipura

Kainipura is a small village in the Kendujhar District of Orissa, India. It lies at a distance of 5 km. from Anandapur, 80 km. from the district headquarters 'Kendujhar' and 160 km. from Bhubaneswar, the state capital.
It is a village within the Ghasipura Block of Anandapur Subdivision. The people of the village are Hindus. Most of the people depend on various types of business, rest are farmers and a few work in government and private sectors. 
The neighbourhood villages are Sailong to the north, Chaumuhin to the south-west and Ghasipura to the north-east.
Places of Interest.
Kalpeshwar Temple.
It is a temple of Lord Shiva, located at the beginning of the village.The specialty of this temple is that it has been stood on a pond. Shiva Ratri is grandly celebrated in this village. All the villagers come to the temple for "Darshan" everyday especially on Monday and offer their obeisances to Lord Mahadev regardless any caste. Every evening of Monday the villagers, congregate at the Temple and do Hari Nama Sankirtan with a prayer to make the World peaceful.
Shri Aurobindo Ashram.
It is a beautiful place of this village. Here, a memorial of Sri Aurobindo containing his relics has been built. Various devotional activities are conducted here throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="30979843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979843" title="Bernardo Añor">
Bernardo Añor

Bernardo Añor Acosta (born May 24, 1988) is a Venezuelan footballer currently playing for Columbus Crew in Major League Soccer.
Career.
College and amateur.
Añor attended San Ignacio of Loyola High School, and was a member of several championship teams in Venezuela, including the U-17 team of Caracas FC, before coming to the United States in 2007 to play college soccer at the University of South Florida. He was named to the BIG EAST All-Conference third team and the College Soccer News All-American Freshman team in his debut year in 2007, before tearing his ACL in seventh game of his sophomore season, and being forced to take a medical redshirt. He returned to competition in 2009, and helped USF advance to the second round of the NCAA Tournament, scoring the winning goal in the first round of the NCAA Tournament. During his time at USF Anor was one of the Bulls' top offensive performers, scoring 21 goals during his career for 49 career points
During the 2010 collegiate off-season Añor was on the roster of the Bradenton Academics in the USL Premier Development League, but never actually saw any minutes with the team.
Professional.
On January 14, 2011, Añor was drafted in the third round (48th overall) in the 2011 MLS SuperDraft by Columbus Crew. He made his professional debut on March 26, 2011, in a 0-0 tie with the New York Red Bulls, and scored his first professional goal on June 18 in a 2-0 win over Houston Dynamo and for his actions on field, earned MLS Player of the Week honors in the process.
International.
Añor is an experienced youth international, having represented Venezuela at U-15 and U-20 levels.
Personal.
Bernardo's father, also named Bernardo Añor, was a professional soccer player in Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="30979845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979845" title="Robert Morris (lawyer)">
Robert Morris (lawyer)

Robert Morris (June 8, 1823 – December 12, 1882) was one of the first African-American attorneys in the United States, and was called "the first really successful colored lawyer in America."
Attorney.
Admitted to the Massachusetts bar in 1847, Morris may have been the first black male lawyer to file a lawsuit in the U.S. He was also the first black lawyer to win a lawsuit. Morris opened the first black law office in the United States with partner Macon Bolling Allen, who was the first black American lawyer.
Abolitionist.
"Roberts v. Boston".
Morris was active in black and abolitionist causes, notably filing and trying the first U.S. civil rights challenge to segregated public schools in the 1848 case of "Roberts v. Boston". Morris and Charles Sumner pressed the case, which is believed to be the first legal challenge to the "separate but equal" practice of segregation in America. The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ruled against Morris in 1850. The U.S. Supreme Court later cited the case in support of its "Plessy v. Ferguson" ruling in 1896, which codified the "separate but equal" standard. "Separate but equal" was ultimately overturned by the high court in "Brown v. Board of Education" in 1954.
Fugitive Slave Act.
Anthony Burns.
Anthony Burns was a fugitive slave who was captured and tried under the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850 in Boston. Richard Henry Dana, Jr. and Morris acted as Burns' attorneys, but were unsuccessful. With the ruling made against Burns, the government effectively held Boston under martial law for the afternoon. The case generated national publicity, large demonstrations, protests and an attack on US Marshals at the courthouse. Federal troops were used to ensure Burns was transported to a ship for return to Virginia after the trial. He was eventually ransomed from slavery, with his freedom purchased by Boston sympathizers. Afterward he was educated at Oberlin College and became a Baptist preacher, moving to Upper Canada for a position.
Shadrach Minkins.
Shadrach Minkins was fugitive slave from Norfolk, Virginia, who escaped in 1850 to Boston, Massachusetts and worked as a waiter. He was captured and held under the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850. Upon his arrest at the restaurant where he worked, Minkins was taken to a hearing at the Boston courthouse. Morris worked with attorneys Samuel E. Sewall, Ellis Gray Loring, and Richard Henry Dana, Jr. to defend Minkins. Seeking to have Minkins released from custody, they filed a petition for writ of habeas corpus with the Supreme Judicial Court, which was refused by Chief Justice Lemuel Shaw.
Morris collaborated with Edward G. Walker and Lewis Hayden collaborated to obtain Minkins' release. He was rescued by white and black members of the anti-slavery Boston Vigilance Committee. After having been hidden in an attic in Beacon Hill, Minkins escaped and fled to Canada. Nine abolitionists were indicted, and charges were dismissed for some individuals. Morris and Lewis Hayden, who had stormed the courtroom to get Minkins, were tried and acquitted.
School integration.
Morris, Thomas Dalton, and William Cooper Nell argued the importance of integration in Boston schools: "It is very hard to retain self-respect if we see ourselves set apart and avoided as a degraded race by others ... Do not say to our children that however well-behaved their very presence is in a public school, is contamination to your children." Lastly, they said that black schools did not provide the same level of education as the multiple forms of white schools, including primary, grammar, Latin and high schools.
Boston's African American community worked for educational opportunities as early as 1787, when Prince Hall petitioned for equal access to public schools to the legislature of Massachusetts. His and other attempts to gain access to schools were also denied. The Beacon Hill home of Hall's son, Primus Hall, was used as a school starting in 1798. Ten years later the school was moved to the African Meeting House. In the 1820s, the city government provided two primary schools for black children. School conditions and teacher quality was not maintained by the Boston School Committee, and children of color were excluded from Boston's high school and Latin school. The efforts to create a separate but equal school system in Boston failed.
Further career.
Morris was commissioned as a magistrate of Essex County, Massachusetts by the governor, making him the second black lawyer to hold a judicial post. He ran for mayor of Chelsea, Massachusetts in 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="30979849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979849" title="Cusis">
Cusis

CUSIS refers to the Chinese University Student Information System. It is to provide information to CUHK stakeholders, staff and students about Project CUSIS and to support ongoing communications between stakeholders and the CUSIS project team.
History.
On 5 July 2010, Release 1 of CUSIS was successfully launched to support the 4-year curriculum and strategic initiatives of the University in the coming years. On 22 October 2010, CUSIS Release 2 was also successfully implemented and further included a number of additional functions such as gradebook, academic advisement, and alumni management.
Features.
CUSIS provide different features for CUHK student, staff and Alumni.
Criticism.
Since CUSIS has been launched in September 2010, it has been frequently criticized by CUHK students, especially for add/drop and course registration purposes. The CUSIS system is said to be very complicated, as it contains many links with confusing names. It is never clear to students whether they should click "my planner", "my academics", "course enrollment", or "class search" for course registration. Prior to the launch of CUSIS, a timetable planner comes along with the registration system; however, after CUSIS has come into use, it has been deleted. 
After much criticism, CUHK has released the Release2 version of CUSIS, which includes exchange, scholarships, and alumni related functions. Unfortunately, several problems remain.
Waiting List.
With CUSIS, if a class is full, a student is supposed to add the course to the waiting list, which will automatically add the wait-list student into the course if one student drops. However, this adding process will only take place 30 minutes after the student dropped, hence creating a time gap for a non-wait-list student to add in faster than the wait-list student.
Language.
The font size of CUSIS has been said to be too small. The English wordings are confusing for users and a Chinese version is not available.
See also.
Webct
Moodle
CUHK

</doc>
<doc id="30979854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979854" title="Pseudospectral knotting method">
Pseudospectral knotting method

In applied mathematics, the pseudospectral knotting method is a generalization and enhancement of a standard pseudospectral method for optimal control. The concept was introduced by I. Michael Ross and F. Fahroo in 2004, and forms part of the collection of the Ross–Fahroo pseudospectral methods.
Definition.
According to Ross and Fahroo a pseudospectral (PS) knot is a double Lobatto point; i.e. two boundary points on top of one another. At this point, information (such as discontinuities, jumps, dimension changes etc.) is exchanged between two standard PS methods. This information exchange is used to solve some of the most difficult problems in optimal control known as hybrid optimal control problems.
In a hybrid optimal control problem, an optimal control problem is intertwined with a graph problem. A standard pseudospectral optimal control method is incapable of solving such problems; however, through the use of pseudospectral knots, the information of the graph can be encoded at the double Lobatto points thereby allowing a hybrid optimal control problem to be discretized and solved using powerful software such as DIDO.
Applications.
PS knots have found applications in aerospace problems such as the ascent guidance of a launch vehicles, and advancing the Aldrin Cycler through the use of solar sails. 
PS knots have also been used for anti-aliasing of PS optimal control solutions and for capturing critical information in switches in solving bang-bang-type optimal control problems.
Software.
The PS knotting method was first implemented in the MATLAB optimal control software package, DIDO.

</doc>
<doc id="30979860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979860" title="United States v. Payner">
United States v. Payner

United States v. Payner, 447 U.S. 727 (1980), is a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court reversed a district court's suppression of evidence in the criminal prosecution of an Ohio businessman charged with tax evasion. The case concerned both issues of criminal procedure and the application of the exclusionary rule derived from the Fourth Amendment. By a 6–3 margin the Court both reaffirmed its earlier rulings' holding that only the party whose Fourth Amendment protections may have been violated has standing to challenge the evidence seized in the search, and barred lower courts from exercising their supervisory power to exclude such evidence at the trial of third parties.
The case had been brought as the fruit of Operation Trade Winds, a lengthy Internal Revenue Service (IRS) investigation into the use of offshore accounts in tax havens by American citizens attempting to evade tax liability and hide assets, some of which were believed to have been derived from criminal activities. At one point, a private investigator working with a Florida IRS agent had taken the executive's briefcase for the IRS to open and duplicate the documents within, then returned the briefcase. (This aspect was described by the district judge as the "briefcase caper", a sobriquet which has subsequently become attached to the case as a whole). Subpoenas based on the information in those documents yielded the documents used in a prosecution later of Ohio businessman Jack Payner.
Lewis Powell wrote for the majority that prior case law gave Payner no reasonable expectation of privacy in the documents used to build the case against him. While the Court, too, was outraged by the IRS agent's disregard for the law, the judicial branch's supervisory power was meant to be used only against its own excesses, and Congress was better equipped to remedy such breaches of the Constitution since there were no ways to limit how a court might apply such a rule. Thurgood Marshall's dissent noted not only the extent to which the IRS had gone in planning the briefcase caper but that its agents had purposely been instructed to take advantage of the loophole created by the court's standing rule. Later commentators read the case as expanding the standing rule, and indicating a shift to focusing on the deterrence effect of applying the exclusionary rule instead of the courts' supervisory role.
Initial investigation.
In 1965 the IRS initiated "Operation Trade Winds", a broad investigation into the use of offshore tax havens by American citizens, some of whom had links to organized crime. Agents in the Jacksonville office, where the investigation was headquartered, began to focus on Castle Bank & Trust, in Nassau, Bahamas, when they learned a suspected drug trafficker had opened an account there. Richard Jaffe, one of the special agents involved in Trade Winds, asked Norman Casper, a private investigator he sometimes used as a source, to look into Castle.
Casper made the acquaintance of Michael Wolstencroft, one of Castle's vice presidents. He introduced Wolstencroft to Sybol Kennedy, a former employee of his who also did private investigative work. In 1973 Wolstencroft came to Miami for a few days, and Casper came up with a plan to get information on who Castle's depositors were. Jaffe approved the basic outline.
Upon Wolstencroft's arrival in Miami, he went to Kennedy's apartment and took her out for a dinner date. While they were out, Casper entered the apartment with a key Kennedy had given him and took Wolstencroft's briefcase to Jaffe. A locksmith created a duplicate key to the briefcase. Once it was opened Jaffe and other IRS personnel microfilmed 400 of the documents within. They were replaced and returned to Kennedy's apartment before she and Wolstencroft returned from dinner.
The documents revealed extensive cooperation between Castle and the Bank of Perrine in Florida. Later, at Casper's instruction, Kennedy stole a rolodex from Castle's office in Nassau during a visit to Wolstencroft. Among those with contact information in it was Cleveland-area businessman Jack Payner. The IRS let him know that it was investigating his tax returns for four years. Subpoenas were issued to the Bank of Perrine. In response to one the bank produced a 1972 letter from Payner pledging the $100,000 in his Castle account as collateral for a loan. Since Payner had said he did not have any offshore accounts on his tax return for that year, the case was referred to the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio. Based on that evidence, Payner was indicted in 1976 on a charge of filing a false tax return, a felony.
Trial.
A year after the indictment, Payner moved to suppress the government's evidence against him as fruit of the poisonous tree, developed from evidence obtained in violation of the Fourth Amendment's prohibition of unreasonable search and seizure. Federal prosecutors argued in response that the evidence was developed from sources other than the documents in Wolstencroft's briefcase, and that even if those had been the only source Payner had no standing to invoke the exclusionary rule because his rights had not been violated when the documents were copied. With the agreement of both parties, Judge John Michael Manos conducted the proceedings as a bench trial, with himself as sole trier of fact, considering both the government's case on the merits and the defendant's motion to suppress concurrently, in order to determine whether or not any of the government's evidence was obtained independently of the contents of Wolstencroft's briefcase or the rolodex.
After both parties had presented their cases, Manos granted the motion to suppress. Prosecutors appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. A three-judge panel headed by the circuit's chief judge, Harry Phillips, dismissed the appeal for lack of jurisdiction. Phillips wrote that the federal statute limiting the government's right of appeal in criminal prosecutions was explicit that rulings suppressing evidence could only be appealed before trial, not afterwards. He criticized Manos's handling of the case, saying that the motion to suppress should have been heard first in any event, in order to preserve the government's right of appeal.
With the case before him again, Manos amended his rulings accordingly. He first found Payner guilty, then granted the motion to suppress and, on his own initiative, set aside the verdict. In a memorandum opinion on the suppression, he set forth his reasoning.
"This Court finds that the United States, through its agents, Richard Jaffe, and others, knowingly and willfully participated in the unlawful seizure of Michael Wolstencroft's briefcase", Manos declared. He did not accept the government claim that Casper had acted on his own, since Jaffe had been not only involved and aware but had gone so far as to clear the plan with his own superior. The government had also not proved its case that the evidence against Payner was developed independently of the theft of the briefcase. At trial he had not found Jaffe a trustworthy or credible witness. The IRS agent had, in fact, told a congressional committee that the evidence from the briefcase was unavailable from any other source, and the timing of the subpoenas reinforced that claim.
Manos then turned to the legal issues surrounding the exclusionary rule. He cited the three circumstances under which the Supreme Court had said it was to be applied: when defendants' rights had been violated, when the court found the government's conduct outrageous, and as part of the courts' supervisory power over the operations of government, under which "to allow admission of the evidence calls into question the integrity of the entire federal judicial system".
The first instance did not apply. In "Alderman v. United States", the first Fourth Amendment case decided by the Supreme Court after it shifted the root of the Amendment's protection from property to privacy in "Katz v. United States", the Court had broadened an earlier holding, "Goldstein v. United States", into a principle that the exclusionary rule could not be invoked vicariously. It had reaffirmed that holding recently in "Rakas v. Illinois". And in "United States v. Miller", it had held that there was no reasonable expectation of privacy in banking records.
All the same Manos believed just as strongly that Payner's due process rights had been violated by the unlawful copying of the record's in Wolstencroft's briefcase. Drawing on a line of cases starting with "Rochin v. California", where the Court had been so outraged by police officers' forced use of a stomach pump to retrieve two swallowed morphine capsules that they overturned the conviction, and clarified in "United States v. Janis" when the Court declined to exclude evidence from a civil proceeding that had been seized in a good-faith belief it was permissible, he held that the jurisprudence on the issue:
For the same reasons, the supervisory power of the courts first outlined in "McNabb v. United States" required suppression of the evidence.
The government appealed the suppression order again. After hearing arguments late in 1978, another Phillips-chaired panel affirmed Manos early the following year. In a short "per curiam" opinion, the panel concurred with the district court's findings of fact. It found the suppression a permissible use of the court's supervisory power and declined to consider the constitutional questions.
A petition for rehearing, either by another panel or "en banc", was denied in March. The government then petitioned the Supreme Court for "certiorari", which was granted later in the year. Oral arguments were heard in February 1980.
Decision.
The Court announced its ruling in June 1980, near the end of term. A majority of six justices had agreed with the government and reversed Manos and the appeals court, holding that the evidence was admissible. Lewis F. Powell, Jr., reaffirmed earlier holdings that only the aggrieved party could challenge the constitutionality of evidence, and that even the deliberate, sustained nature of the violation in the instant case did not change that. He also outlined reasons why the Court did not think it wise to extend the exclusionary rule in that direction, since its supervisory power was properly limited to actions of the judicial branch, and Congressional hearings had already exposed the excesses of Operation Trade Winds and led the IRS to shut it down. Chief Justice Warren Burger added a short concurring opinion emphasizing the latter point but also distancing the Court from the conduct of the agents.
Thurgood Marshall wrote for the dissenting justices. He felt that the deliberate and calculated plans of Jaffe and Casper, as well as the former's admission to Congress that he had been made aware of the standing provision during training and encouraged to take advantage of it, required that the Court act. The Court's supervisory power was about protecting the integrity of the judicial process, he reminded the majority.
A later petition for rehearing was denied. The Sixth Circuit remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings in the fall of 1980.
Majority opinion.
After reviewing the facts of the case, Powell found no reason to doubt or add to Manos's conclusion that Payner lacked Fourth Amendment standing. In a footnote, he dismissed an argument in Payner's brief that Bahamian banking secrecy laws gave him an expectation of privacy. None of the stolen documents would have been covered by it, and even if they were the cited section of law was outdated, the current statute was "hardly a blanket guarantee of privacy" since it had limited scope, many exceptions and the brief had cited no authority on how to construe it.
He turned to the legal issues. "We certainly can understand the District Court's commendable desire to deter deliberate intrusions into the privacy of persons who are unlikely to become defendants in a criminal prosecution," he wrote. "No court should condone the unconstitutional and possibly criminal behavior of those who planned and executed this 'briefcase caper.'"
But the Court's many precedents in that area "do not command the exclusion of evidence in every case of illegality. Instead, they must be weighed against the considerable harm that would flow from indiscriminate application of an exclusionary rule." Thus its use was properly restricted to instances where it would most be useful in remedying the violation, wrote Powell. "Our cases have consistently recognized that unbending application of the exclusionary sanction to enforce ideals of governmental rectitude would impede unacceptably the truthfinding functions of judge and jury."
Similarly, Powell wrote, the supervisory power should be carefully used. The Court had said as such in "Elkins v. United States" nearly two decades before, and demonstrated that restraint most recently in "United States v. Caceres" "Were we to accept this use of the supervisory power," he concluded, "we would confer on the judiciary discretionary power to disregard the considered limitations of the law it is charged with enforcing." In a footnote, he also pointed out that five years earlier, in 1975, the House Government Operations Committee had held hearings on Trade Winds and other related IRS investigations which had revealed the briefcase caper and other abusive investigatory practices. In response the investigations had been called off.
Concurrence.
"Orderly government under our system of separate powers calls for internal self-restraint and discipline in each Burger wrote. "[This Court has no general supervisory authority over operations of the [branch, as it has with respect to the federal courts." He emphasized his agreement with the majority, but noted that its opinion "should not be read as condoning the conduct of the IRS 'private investigators' disclosed by this record, or as approval of their evidence-gathering methods."
Dissent.
The majority's holding, Marshall wrote, "effectively turns the standing rules created by this Court for assertions of Fourth Amendment violations into a sword to be used by the Government to permit it deliberately to invade one person's Fourth Amendment rights in order to obtain evidence against another person." Courts should, he said, be allowed to prevent that.
He reviewed the facts of the case as Manos had outlined them, believing fuller detail was necessary to appreciate the extent to which the IRS agents had been involved in planning and executing the briefcase caper. He reiterated that they had been fully aware of the standing rule when they planned the investigation. "It is in the context of these findings", he wrote, "that the suppression issue must be considered."
In support of the use of supervisory powers to suppress, he cited Louis Brandeis's famous dissent in "Olmstead v. United States": "If the Government becomes a lawbreaker, it breeds contempt for law; it invites every man to become a law unto himself; it invites anarchy." He distinguished the cases where the Court had exercised its powers and suppressed evidenced obtained unconstitutionally as those cases where, like the instant one, the seizure of the evidence had come about through deliberate violation of law. "If the federal court permits such evidence, the intended product of deliberately illegal Government action, to be used to obtain a conviction, it places its imprimatur upon such lawlessness, and thereby taints its own integrity."
Since the purpose of the supervisory power was to allow the courts to protect their own integrity, Marshall continued, he was all the more puzzled by the majority's focus on the Fourth Amendment's standing provisions. "The only way the IRS can benefit from the evidence it chose to obtain illegally is if the evidence is admitted at trial against persons such as Payner; that was the very point of the criminal exercise in the first place", he wrote. "Such a pollution of the federal courts should not be permitted."
He attacked the notion that the courts were improperly intruding on the prerogatives of the executive branch:
Lastly, to respond to charges that this was potentially an indiscriminate application of the exclusionary rule, he quoted from one of Powell's own opinions, in "Hampton v. United States" to the effect that at some point a case where the Court would have to take a stand against abusive investigative methods. "That appropriate case has arrived, and the Court should prevent the Government from profiting by use in the federal courts of evidence deliberately obtained by illegal actions taken in bad faith hostility to constitutional rights."
Subsequent jurisprudence.
No later holdings modified "Payner", but it has been among the cases that have guided the Court in other tests of the supervisory power and the exclusionary rule. Several years later, when the Court created the good-faith exception to the exclusionary rule in "United States v. Leon", Byron White's majority opinion quoted Powell's criticism of the inflexible application of the rule in support of allowing good-faith exceptions. The next year, Thomas would himself cite Powell as to how the supervisory power could not be exercised in conflict with existing statutory or constitutional provisions in "Thomas v. Arn", upholding a Sixth Circuit rule that required parties appealing a district court judgement to have filed timely written objections to a magistrate's report.
During those years, two appellate courts would rely on "Payner" in reaching opposite conclusions about when to allow the use of the supervisory power. A few months after it was handed down, the Seventh Circuit upheld a district court's suppression of evidence during the prosecution of a Chicago gambling ring in "United States v. Cortina". An evidentiary hearing found that FBI agent William Brown had greatly exaggerated much of the information used to prepare an affidavit used to obtain the search warrant that had uncovered most of the evidence.
Judge William Joseph Bauer discussed "Payner" at length in his opinion. He found that the instant case fell within the scope of the supervisory power as delineated by Powell's opinion, since it was evidence seized from the defendants themselves. The government had argued, however, that none of them had suffered a violation of their privacy expectations and therefore the supervisory power could not be invoked. But "Payner" "did not hold that defendants must establish a legitimate expectation of privacy to invoke the supervisory powers if it is proven that the challenged evidence was seized from defendants", Bauer wrote, and had explicitly rejected a notion that it was identical with the Fourth Amendment. "We recognize that the supervisory power is a complement to, not a substitute for, the Fourth Amendment."
Bauer felt it was even more important to deter illegal conduct in this case since it "was committed within the sanctity of the court itself". He noted that it was very difficult to uncover falsifcation in search warrant affidavits, and that it had only been the good faith and cooperation of the federal prosecutors that had made it possible to do so in the instant case. In that vein, he also felt that enough damage had been done to the judicial process by that falsification to outweigh any harm that might be done by excluding the evidence. He concluded:
In 1984 District of Columbia Circuit judge Antonin Scalia, later elevated to the Supreme Court himself, would also rely on "Payner" to allow some contested evidence. In "United States v. Byers", the appellee sought the exclusion, on several grounds, of evidence from a psychiatric interview used to convict him of murder. Scalia found Powell's point that the balance between the deterrent value and social harm of excluding the evidence does not change whether they are considered against the supervisory power or the exclusionary rule "relevant" in holding the evidence admissible.
Analysis and commentary.
Kevin Michael Carome has argued that "Payner" gave insufficient consideration to judicial integrity in allowing the tainted evidence. "Even where the defendants' rights are not violated," he wrote in a "Boston College Law Review" article, "courts should be permitted to rely on the supervisory power to exclude evidence seized by grossly improper means". He believed the evidence could have been suppressed even under a more limited exclusionary rule.
Prior to "Payner", there had been arguments that the supervisory power should be thought of only as the judicial branch's self-policing ability. But, Carome argued, from the time the Court first invoked it in "McNabb", "it has been used to counteract improprieties of the executive branch that do not amount to constitutional violations." Courts have also recognized that Congress can limit its application, and have used it sparingly, limiting the power's potential to upset the balance of powers. It also was not intrusive, checking the actions of the executive branch only insofar as it reached criminal prosecutions.
In "Payner", the government's brief had also suggested Federal Rule of Evidence 402 barred the exercise of the supervisory power, since it holds that only statutory or constitutional provisions may be used to justify suppressing evidence. Powell did not even mention it in his majority opinion. Carome speculated that while the Court may not want to expand the supervisory power, it does not want to surrender it either.
He further argued that the supervisory power could, unlike the exclusionary rule, be applied on behalf of defendants whose rights had not been violated personally. "Because the supervisory power is non-constitutional in nature," he wrote, "federal courts may utilize it to create standards that exceed minimum constitutional levels. Hence, the power need not be doctrinally confined to the vindication of personal rights ... he supervisory
power enables federal courts, in proper circumstances, to shift the focus from the rights of particular litigants and place it upon governmental conduct or institutions threatening the courts' integrity."
Carome pointed to cases where this had been done. In "Thiel v. Southern Pacific Corp.", and "Ballard v. United States", the Court had overturned a civil verdict and criminal convictions respectively where certain categories had been unlawfully excluded from the jury pool—without requiring parties to demonstrate they were prejudiced by the exclusions, since they had done enough damage to the judicial system. More recently, a Sixth Circuit case had excluded evidence obtained by a government informant who violated attorney–client privilege, conduct he called "more outrageous than "Payner"" from trials of several defendants. Based on those cases, Carome said,
"Cortina" showed that courts nevertheless felt there was a need for the power, and Carome proposed that the cases where it had initially been exercised called for the creation of a standard. He suggested it be used:
Having standards would allay the Court's concerns, and send clear signals to law enforcement as to what conduct would not be tolerated. He called on the Court to re-evaluate "Payner" at some point in the future. "The Court's failure to so act would allow such abuses to continue to taint the integrity of courts," he said. "A nation pledged to obey the rule of law cannot ignore such threats to its basic order."
A later commentator, Ohio State law professor Sharon Davies, also found "Payner"'s narrow approach to the issue troubling. She looked at it through the lens of law and economics, particularly the work of Robert Cooter on prices and sanctions. Both could be applied to undesirable conduct, but the former permits it by requiring a party to personally bear costs that would otherwise be borne by others, whereas the latter is meant to discourage undesirable conduct as strongly as possible by imposing a high price.
Had the Court, she asked, considered violations of the Fourth Amendment an unconscionable wrong to be deterred with sanctions or a sometimes necessary evil that could be minimized with a price? The language various Supreme Court majorities had used in describing the infractions suggested, to her, the former. At the time of "Mapp v. Ohio", when the exclusionary rule was applied to proceedings in state courts, its imposition was defended as much for its role in protecting judicial integrity as well as deterring unconstitutional investigative practices. "vidence collected in violation of Fourth Amendment limits", Davies recounts, "was so imbued with the potential to smear that even judicial robes normally infused with an aura of impartiality and fairness would be tarnished by it."
As the Court shifted over time to deterrence as the sole basis for the exclusionary rule, requiring a balancing test that is essentially a cost-benefit analysis, Davies argues that more and more exceptions to it have been created that another observer has described as "inclusionary rules." She found "Payner" to be "example of government officials engaged in precisely this type of overt cost-benefit analysis ... If, as in "Payner", police are truly free to choose whether to abide by or violate the constitutional requirements, the penalty for the decision to inflict the constitutional harm begins to look less and less like a sanction for wrongful conduct." She did not find the scope of the violation surprising either, since "when viewed from the perspective of a self-interested actor, these developments make perfect economic sense, for '[once it pays to fall short of the legal standard, it pays to fall significantly short of it.'"

</doc>
<doc id="30979872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979872" title="2011 WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship">
2011 WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship

The 2011 WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship was a professional golf tournament played from February 23–27, at the Ritz-Carlton Golf Club at Dove Mountain in Marana, Arizona. It was the 13th WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship and the first of four World Golf Championships held in 2011. Luke Donald defeated Martin Kaymer in the final, 3 & 2.
Format change.
A change in the final round format was instituted for 2011. The final was shortened from 36 holes to 18 holes, and the semi-finals were moved to Sunday morning from Saturday afternoon. With snow forecasted for early Sunday, the quarterfinals and semifinals were played on Saturday and the finals and consolation match were played Sunday.
2011 course layout.
The average elevation of the Saguaro and Tortolita nines is approximately above sea level.
Brackets.
The Championship was a single elimination match play event. The field consisted of the top 64 players available from the Official World Golf Ranking as of the February 13 ranking, seeded according to the rankings. 
All of the top 64 golfers were in the field initially. Toru Taniguchi (ranked #64) withdrew due to neck injury and was replaced by Henrik Stenson (#65). Tim Clark (#22) withdrew due to an elbow injury and his place in the bracket was taken by J. B. Holmes (#66).

</doc>
<doc id="30979878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979878" title="Ministry of Mines and Energy">
Ministry of Mines and Energy

The Ministry of Mines and Energy is a top-level government entity in several countries, responsible for the oversight of mining and energy production and consumption. The following articles cover individual Ministries of Mines and Energy:

</doc>
<doc id="30979883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979883" title="Ryo Fukudome">
Ryo Fukudome

Ryo Fukudome (born June 26, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30979913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979913" title="Shinya Hoshido">
Shinya Hoshido

Shinya Hoshido (born October 4, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30979919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979919" title="Narayam">
Narayam

Narayam (Malayalam: നാരായം) (Sanskrit: नाराचः) or ezhuthani (Malayalam: എഴുത്താണി) is a writing instrument (stylus) used since antiquity in South India, Sri Lanka and other proximate regions of Asia. Although similar to the modern day pen in shape and use, instead of using a colored ink, it scribes on the surface (normally a pre-treated palm leaf) creating fine scratches in the form of letters and shapes. In essence, the narayam is a long piece of iron with a sharpened or pointed end and fabricated to ergonomically fit into the writer's fist.
Narayam was the primary tool to scribe on Thaliyola, the pre-treated leaf of an Asian palmyra palm. Until the introduction of paper, the palm leaves remained as the primary medium for creating, circulating and preserving written articles in the region.
Narayam was made in shapes and sizes to suit the writer's style and ergonomic comfort. They ranged from very simple design to the most eloquent fashions befitting the status of its users. Sometimes, it was maintained as an accessory to other personal utility tools like pocket knives etc., similar to the swiss army knife culture. In addition to scribing, the narayam could be used as a punching pin to pierce small holes on the palm leaves. Through these holes, the individual leaves were kneaded together using threads, thereby forming a bound collection which is commonly known as a 'grantha' (book).

</doc>
<doc id="30979933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979933" title="Lewis lung carcinoma">
Lewis lung carcinoma

Lewis lung carcinoma is a tumor discovered by Dr. Margaret R. Lewis of the Wistar Institute in 1951. This tumor originated spontaneously as a carcinoma of the lung of a C57BL mouse. The tumor does not appear to be grossly hemorrhagic and the majority of the tumor tissue is a semifirm homogeneous mass. It is also called 3LL and LLC and is used as a transplantable malignancy. It has been used in many studies.
In 1975, Munson discovered that cannabinoids suppress Lewis lung carcinoma cell growth. The mechanism of this action was shown to be inhibition of DNA synthesisCannabinoids increase the life span of mice carrying Lewis lung tumors and decrease primary tumor size. There are multiple modes of action.

</doc>
<doc id="30979943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979943" title="Blood and Guts">
Blood and Guts

Blood and Guts is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring a performance recorded in Paris in 1970 and released on the French Futura label.

</doc>
<doc id="30979952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979952" title="Maverick (soundtrack)">
Maverick (soundtrack)

Maverick is the soundtrack to the film of the same name. It was released in 1994 by Atlantic Records. The album peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
Content.
Three cuts from the album made the Hot Country Songs charts: "Renegades, Rebels and Rogues", performed by Tracy Lawrence, reached number 7; Clint Black's "A Good Run of Bad Luck", which also appeared on his album "No Time to Kill", reached number 1; and Carlene Carter's "Something Already Gone" reached number 43.
The final track, a rendition of "Amazing Grace", is credited to the ""Maverick" Choir". Performers on the song are John Anderson, Archer/Park (Randy Archer and Johnny Park), Clint Black, Suzy Bogguss, Gary Chapman, Billy Dean, Radney Foster, James Garner, Mel Gibson, Amy Grant, Noel Haggard, Faith Hill, Waylon Jennings, Hal Ketchum, Tracy Lawrence, Kathy Mattea, Reba McEntire, John Michael Montgomery, Michael Omartian, Eddie Rabbitt, Restless Heart, Ricky Van Shelton, Danny Shirley (of Confederate Railroad), Larry Stewart, Joy Lynn White, and Tammy Wynette, with solos by Black, Dean, Grant, Jennings, Ketchum, Mattea, McEntire, Restless Heart, and Wynette. All royalties from this rendition were donated to the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation. Mark Hartley and Larry Fitzgerald were the album's executive producers.

</doc>
<doc id="30979962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979962" title="Federal Customs Authority">
Federal Customs Authority

The United Arab Emirates Federal Customs Authority is an Emirati governmental authority concerned with drawing customs policy in cooperation with customs administrations, preparing unified legislation to regulate customs work, and supervising implementation of it by customs administrations and related government authorities, and protecting the State from revenue fraud and smuggling operations in cooperation and coordination with competent authorities.
Establishment.
Operational procedures for the establishment of the FCA commenced with the approval of the Cabinet through resolutions no. 617 / 7 for the year 2001 A.C. and 157 / 12 for the year 2002 A.C., mandating the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Industry to prepare a consultative study on the establishment of the FCA, and authorizing the ministry to follow up the implementation of necessary procedures and measures. On May 28, 2002 A.C., the Ministerial Committee of the Gulf Co-Operation Council, chaired by H.H. Sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Deputy Ruler of Dubai and Minister of Finance and Industry, mandated the Ministry of Finance and Industry to commence preparation procedures of a draft law on establishment of the authority and prepare the Common Customs Law of the State. The Ministry of Finance and Industry fully formulated Authority Draft Law No. 1 of the year 2003, and it was then submitted to the competent Ministerial Committee, then the Cabinet, and then the Supreme Council of the Federation of the UAE. Hence, these efforts culminated in the issuance of the Federal Decree in Law No. (1) for the year 2003 A.C. by H.H. Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan, then President of the State, regarding establishment of the Federal Customs Authority.
Function and responsibility.
Federal Law No. (1) for the year 2003 A.C. regarding establishment of the Federal Customs Authority (FCA) in the UAE defined the primary Functions and responsibilities of FCA on the basis that it is the authority concerned with drawing customs policy in cooperation with customs administrations, preparing unified legislations to regulate customs work, and supervising implementation of it by customs administrations and related government authorities, and protecting the State from cheating and smuggling operations in cooperation and coordination with competent authorities. In addition, Article (5) of the said law precisely determined the jurisdictions of FCA in the following points: 
It is clear through these jurisdictions that the role and functions of the authority ramify to include the following pivots: 
Vision.
Upgrading customs work to the highest international standards for access to a safe and easy trade.
Mission.
To develop policies and customs legislation and oversee the implementation and effective participation of the international trade support and combat fraud and smuggling.

</doc>
<doc id="30979967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979967" title="Edward Joseph Hanson">
Edward Joseph Hanson

Edward (Ted) Joseph Hanson (5 September 1878 – 26 October 1950) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Council from 1920 to 1922, represented the Queensland state electorate of Buranda from 1924 to 1947, and was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 8 August 1939 until 31 July 1944.
He also served in the Second Boer War 1899 - 1901. Edward, known as Ted, was also a founding member of the PGEUA (Plumbers and Gasfitters Employees Union of Australia) Qld branch in 1904. He was later its first full-time Secretary/Organiser (1915-1924). He was a supporter of the Buranda State Schools Committee and the President of the Committee. He was a supporter of the Kent Street Blind, Deaf and Dumb Institution and the Secretary of its Committee. 

</doc>
<doc id="30979978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30979978" title="Louis Bissinger">
Louis Bissinger

Louis Bissinger was a French painter born in Lyon on April 24, 1899. He died in 1978 in Rillieux-la-Pape.
Biography.
Louis Bissinger began his career as a musician, playing the cello to make a living. He moved to painting and started with watercolors. He was arrested by the Gestapo in 1943 for helping the French Resistance, and was deported to Germany. He used his painting skills to illustrate the atrocities of concentration camp life in Buchenwald. He survived and organized an exhibition of his war time's artworks when he returned to France.

</doc>
<doc id="30980009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980009" title="Bill Dreesen">
Bill Dreesen

William Richard Dreesen (July 26, 1904 – November 9, 1971) was a third baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Braves in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="30980023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980023" title="Joseph Howey">
Joseph Howey

Joseph H. Howey (September 1, 1901 - March 23, 1973) was a physicist and academic administrator at the Georgia Institute of Technology. He was the director of Georgia Tech's School of Physics for 28 years, from 1935 to 1963.
Early life.
Howey received a Bachelor of Arts from the College of Wooster in 1923, and a PhD from Yale University in 1930. Howey was also a physicist in Firestone Tire and Rubber Corp's research laboratory from 1929 to 1931, after which he returned to Yale as an instructor.
Georgia Tech.
In 1934, Howey became a professor of physics at Georgia Tech, and in 1935 he became the director of the school's physics department, where he was instrumental in establishing a standard curriculum and creating graduate and PhD programs. In 1963, Howey requested to be "associate director" so that he could focus on the design of the new physics building, and was succeeded in his post by Vernon D. Crawford. 
Three years after his death, on September 17, 1976, the physics building he helped design was dedicated and named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="30980033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980033" title="Memory sport">
Memory sport

Memory sport, sometimes referred to as competitive memory or the mind sport of memory, is a competition in which participants attempt to memorize the most information that they can then present back, under certain guidelines. The sport has been formally developed since 1991, and features regional and international championships.
One common type of competition involves memorizing the order of randomized cards in as little time as possible, after which the competitor is required to arrange new decks of cards in the same order. 
Mnemonic techniques are generally considered to be a necessary part of competition, and are improved through extensive practice. These can include the method of loci, the use of mnemonic linking and chunking, or other techniques for storage and retrieval of information.
History.
Techniques for training memory are discussed as far back as Ancient Greece, and formal memory training was long considered an important part of basic education known as the art of memory. However, the development of trained memorization into a sport is only a development of the late 20th century, and even then has remained relatively limited in scope. The first worldwide competition was held as the World Memory Championships in 1991, and has been held again in every year since.
Competitions.
Following the establishment of the World Memory Championships in 1991, regional competitions have been set up in numerous countries. These include the U.S. Championships, which started in 1997, the Indian National Memory Championships, the German Memory Championships, and the UK Open Memory Championships. Other countries with national championships include South Africa, Australia, Singapore, China, Japan and Mexico.
Designations.
The highest designation set up by the World Memory Sports Council, which organizes the World Memory Championships, is the Grand Master of Memory. Joshua Foer wrote in 2005 that there were 36 Grand Masters in the world, including one in the United States.
Techniques.
Competitors describe numerous methods and techniques for improving their memorization skills, with some having published and named their specific methods. These include, for instance, the Mnemonic dominic system, named after former World Champion Dominic O'Brien, the Mnemonic major system, as well as the Person-Action-Object System which involves encoding cards and numbers into sequences of persons, actions, and objects. These methods are sometimes referred to as "mnemotechnics." 
Joshua Foer has written, "Though every competitor has his own unique method of memorization for each event, all mnemonic techniques are essentially based on the concept of elaborative encoding, which holds that the more meaningful something is, the easier it is to remember."
Disciplines.
While the potential subject matter for memory competitions could be limitless, the World Memory Championships feature ten specific tests as follows:
Other types of memory competitions may not feature timed events. For instance, records for the memorization of π (known as piphilology) have been recorded since the 1970s, with the current record holder having produced from memory more than 60,000 digits.
Records.
Memory sport is continuing to have its records broken rapidly. A recent world speed record for memorizing a deck of cards was 21.19 seconds, held by Simon Reinhard of Germany. A recent world record for the most digits memorized in five minutes was 500. And 2 years later beaten by Johannes Mallow by just one digit.
Software.
RNG v1.0 Random Number Generator for training Working Memory

</doc>
<doc id="30980044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980044" title="Ben Sippola">
Ben Sippola

Ben Sippola (born July 13, 1989 in Northfield, Minnesota) is an American soccer player who played for the Columbus Crew in Major League Soccer.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Sippola attended Mahtomedi Senior High School in Mahtomedi, Minnesota, and then Shattuck-St. Mary's High School in Faribault, Minnesota, played club soccer for Bangu Tsunami, and was a member of both the Minnesota State and National Region II Olympic Development Teams, before going on to play four years of college soccer at Butler University. 
At Butler, Sippola was named to the NSCAA University Scholar All-North/Central Region Second Team as a junior in 2009, and was named the Horizon League Player of the Year and Offensive Player of the Year, and the MVP of the 2010 Horizon League Men's Soccer Championship, as well as receiving NSCAA/Performance Subaru Men's Division I All-America first team, NSCAA All-Great Lakes Region first team and All-Horizon League first team honors as a senior in 2010. In his final college season he led Butler in with 8 goals and 9 assists, and finished his college career having started 55 of the 56 games he played for the team. 
Following the conclusion of the 2010 college season Sippola was a semifinalist for the 2010 MAC Hermann Trophy.
During his college years Sippola also played with Cascade Surge and the Rochester Thunder in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
Sippola was drafted in the second round (30th overall) in the 2011 MLS Supplemental Draft by Columbus Crew, and signed his first professional contract on February 20, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30980056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980056" title="FIQ Development Center">
FIQ Development Center

FIQ Development Center, Also known as FIQ, was an Iranian internet-based financial consulting. FIQ provided consulting services in stock exchange, forex, gold and commodity markets and offered learning courses in financial analysis. It also published an investment bulletin which called TAHLIL and had more than 1000 subscribers. The word FIQ Stands for Financial Intelligence Quotient because of the mission of the company to increase financial intelligence of its users. FIQ ceased its operations in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30980067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980067" title="Keresztes">
Keresztes

Keresztes is a Hungarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30980072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980072" title="Wichí (disambiguation)">
Wichí (disambiguation)

Wichí typically refers to the Wichí people
Other uses include:

</doc>
<doc id="30980081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980081" title="Ancilla (quantum computing)">
Ancilla (quantum computing)

An ancilla bit is in general an extra, auxiliary bit which has a secondary role in a logic circuit. In reversible quantum computing circuits, an ancilla bit is a prepared fixed qubit state used for input to a gate to give the gate a more specific logic function (i.e. CNOT to NOT, Toffoli to NOT).

</doc>
<doc id="30980088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980088" title="John Francis Barnes">
John Francis Barnes

John Francis Barnes also known as Frank Barnes (1904–1952) was an Australian politician. Born on 4 October 1904 in Gympie, Queensland, Barnes held the Legislative Assembly of Queensland seat for the electoral district of Bundaberg from 1941 to 1950. He died on 12 May 1952.
He was a colourful identity who supported social credit theories popular since the Great Depression, and was opposed to the Queensland Labor government.

</doc>
<doc id="30980090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980090" title="8 Seconds (soundtrack)">
8 Seconds (soundtrack)

The album 8 Seconds is the soundtrack to the movie "8 Seconds". It was released in 1994 by MCA Records. The album peaked at no. 3 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. Four cuts from the album made the Hot Country Songs charts: McBride & the Ride's "No More Cryin'" at no. 26, David Lee Murphy's "Just Once" at no. 36, Reba McEntire's "If I Had Only Known" at no. 72, and Brooks & Dunn's "Ride 'em High, Ride 'em Low" at no. 73. Of these songs, "If I Had Only Known" previously appeared on McEntire's 1991 album "For My Broken Heart", while "Just Once" later appeared on Murphy's debut album "Out with a Bang". "Burnin' Up the Road", performed here by John Anderson, was previously the title track to McBride & the Ride's 1991 debut album.
Scott Neal Wilson of "Country Weekly" gave the soundtrack a positive review, saying that its sound would "not only appeal to country fans[…]but also to a pop-rock audience pulled in by the movie's inspirational storyline."

</doc>
<doc id="30980125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980125" title="Volksstimme">
Volksstimme

Volksstimme ("People's Voice") is the name of several newspapers:

</doc>
<doc id="30980150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980150" title="Huang Rui">
Huang Rui

Huang Rui (born 1952) is a Chinese artist known for his social and cultural criticism. He is widely considered one of the founding members of the Chinese Contemporary art movement, and continues to produce work that reflects the concerns of a highly socially engaged artist through historical references and satire of reality.
Life and work.
Huang Rui was born in Beijing in 1952. During the Cultural Revolution, he was sent at the age of 16 to Inner Mongolia where he worked as a farmer. He later returned to Beijing, working in a leather company until 1979. There, he studied art briefly at Beijing Worker's Cultural Center.
Huang Rui was a founding member of the Chinese avant-garde art group the "Stars," which included artists Wang Keping, Ai Weiwei, Ma Desheng and Li Shuang and was active in from 1979 to 1983. This groundbreaking group of amateur artists was the first publicly active art collective to protest government censorship after the Cultural Revolution. The group made headlines in 1979 when, under the direction of Huang Rui and Ma Desheng, they held an exhibition outside the China Arts Gallery (now the National Art Museum of China). On the third day of the exhibit, the police shut it down, stating that these activities "affect the normal life of the public and the social order." Before this, the majority of their exhibits were held secretly in private homes, where the artists would participate in lively debates about topics ranging from Western art trends to artistic freedom.
In 1978, Huang Rui co-published the literary journal Today (今天), which was thought to be "one of the most radical publications in circulation after the Cultural Revolution." The journal, which was in circulation for three years, included both the poetry and prose of such writers as Bei Dao, Gu Cheng, Mang Ke, Shu Ting, and Yang Lian.
Early on, Huang Rui mostly created paintings that referenced various Western artistic styles such as Expressionism, Abstract Expressionism, Fauvism and Cubism. However, as his style developed, he became more experimental and began exploring different mediums including photography, printmaking, installation art and performance art. As a result, his work is not easily classified.
Huang Rui's work is characterized by symmetry and simplicity of form, as well as by the use of primary colors. His work stands alone as aesthetically pleasing; however, he is recognized as a socially minded, and thus often controversial, artist. Throughout his career, he has continued to be vocal about his belief in the importance of free expression—and as a result, he has faced a large amount of censorship from the government. 
A major theme of Huang Rui's work is the use of language. He uses texts, often Chinese political slogans, in a playful manner; however, his implications are far from comical. One of his most powerful pieces is "Charmain Mao 10,000 RMB" where he uses 10,000 RMB worth of banknotes to spell out the political slogan "Mao Zhuxi Wan Sui" which translates to "10,000 years for Chairman Mao." This work in effect links the politics of Mao with the economic efforts of Deng Xiaoping, and acknowledges the contradiction that lies in the use of Chairman Mao's image on money. While Mao used his image to push the Cultural Revolution, Deng Xiaoping used Mao's image to push his own economic revolution.
Huang Rui also often plays with the relationship between English and Chinese words, most notably in his piece "Chai-na/China" where he relates the Chinese characters "chai" and "na" (which mean "destroy here") to images from the demolition that occurred in Beijing in preparation for the Olympics. This is a theme that Huang Rui has explored in many of his works, including performance pieces. Chinese history is riddled with this idea of "Chai-na/China," as each dynasty would begin with building and creating, only to be destroyed and rebuilt by the next dynasty.
Curator and writer Berenice Angremy notes, "In Huang Rui's case, text is an environment that shapes our political outlook on a daily basis. His job is to position text to solicit reflection and provide viewers with elements of debate."
798 Art Zone.
Most recently, Huang Rui has been considered the major vocal advocate of the 798 Art Zone in Beijing. He was instrumental in the establishment of the art district in 2002, and in efforts to protect the area from demolition in 2004 and 2005. In 2006, 798 became the first state recognized and protected art district in China. This success was due in a large part to Huang Rui's efforts to promote the district through the Dashanzi International Art Festivals (DIAF) and his book "798 in Beijing."
Exhibitions.
Huang Rui's work has been widely exhibited, both in China and abroad, over the last three decades. Recent group exhibitions include "Reshaping History: 2002-2009 Chinese Contemporary Art" at the China National Convention Center in Beijing, and "China Avant-Garde" at the Groninger Museum in the Netherlands. Recent solo exhibitions include "Texts are the Legacy of Great Thought!" at Chinese Contemporary in New York City, Les Rencontres d'Arles festival in France (2007), "Comerchina" at 10 Chancery Lane in Hong Kong, "Animal Time in Chinese History" at the Museo delle Mura in Rome and "Huang Rui—The Stars' Time," 1977-1984 at He Xiang Ning Art Museum in Shenzhen, China.

</doc>
<doc id="30980158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980158" title="Log pri Žužemberku">
Log pri Žužemberku

Log pri Žužemberku () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. It lie in the hills north of Žužemberk on the road to Zagorica. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Log" to "Log pri Žužemberku" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="30980177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980177" title="Ace Williams">
Ace Williams

Robert Fulton "Ace" Williams (March 18, 1917 – September 16, 1999) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Bees/Braves. From 1943 to 1945 Williams' career was interrupted while he served in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="30980194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980194" title="NBA league average height, weight, age and playing experience">
NBA league average height, weight, age and playing experience

This page details information on the average height, weight, age and playing experience of players in the National Basketball Association since the season.
The NBA peaked in height during the season, when the average height was . The second and third tallest seasons are the and seasons. In fact, four of the seven tallest seasons occurred in the latter half of the 1980s.
Meanwhile, the NBA's shortest seasons in recent history have been and .

</doc>
<doc id="30980198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980198" title="KPiD">
KPiD

KPID, or other forms, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30980203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980203" title="Nemognatha chrysomeloides">
Nemognatha chrysomeloides

Nemognatha chrysomeloides is a species of oil beetle (Meloidae) from Central and South America.
Ecology.
"Nemognatha chrysomeloides" is a parasite of "Melitoma marginella" and "M. segmentaria" from Mexico to Argentina. Both "N. chrysomeloides" and "Melitoma" are restricted to the same host plant – "Ipomoea" – and so the rate of parasitism may be comparatively high.
Taxonomy.
"Nemognatha chrysomeloides" was first described by Carl Linnaeus in his 1763 work "", under the name "Meloe chrysomeloides". It is a very variable species, and as such, many synonyms have since been published:

</doc>
<doc id="30980226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980226" title="Spanish Bitch">
Spanish Bitch

Spanish Bitch is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1970 and released on the ECM label. The album was the second recording on the influential European jazz label but only released in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="30980232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980232" title="Cerro de Coxóm">
Cerro de Coxóm

Cerro de Coxóm is a stratovolcano in Totonicapán in western Guatemala. The high volcano is located at the eastern edge of the valley of Quetzaltenango.

</doc>
<doc id="30980233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980233" title="George Kerr (Australian politician)">
George Kerr (Australian politician)

George Kerr (1853–1930) was an Australian politician, grazier, and blacksmith. He was born on 7 February 1853 at Beadnell, Northumberland, England and after training to become a blacksmith moved to Queensland in 1877. In 1893 he was elected to represent the electoral district of Barcoo in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland and served in that post until 1909. He died on 18 January 1930 in Brisbane and was buried in Toowong Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="30980238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980238" title="Mississippi Damned">
Mississippi Damned

Mississippi Damned is a 2009 American drama film directed by Tina Mabry. The drama features Adam Clark, Malcolm Goodwin and Michael Hyatt. The film was written and directed by Tina Mabry, based on her life growing up in Tupelo, Mississippi.
Plot.
A trio of impoverished children living in rural Mississippi find that they must make a heart-wrenching decision between traveling down the paths taken by their doomed families and confronting the harsh realities that arise over time.
Reception.
Critical response.
When the film was screen at the NewFest film festival in New York City, "Variety" film critic Ronnie Scheib, praised the film, writing, "For the black men, women and children in "Mississippi Damned," Tina Mabry's autobiographical saga of intertwined destinies, that southern state epitomizes a domestic hell of borderline poverty and endemic abuse. Complex family trees sometimes make for tough narrative sledding, but the thicket of obligations, traumas and betrayals that entrap the 'damned' here are well worth any momentary confusion. Mabry brilliantly captures a community as organic as it is dead-end, and the tortured legacy behind simplistic notions of ever escaping it. The NewFest audience award-winner demands strong critical support to overcome its downbeat subject matter and lack of a star draw."
"The Philadelphia Inquirer" film critic, Steven Rea, lauded the actors, writing, "Kelley (Walt Lloyd in "Lost"), Jasmin Burke and Jossie Thacker are among the busy ensemble whose exceptionally fine performances elevate what could have been a pile-it-on melodrama into something deeper and more unsettling."

</doc>
<doc id="30980244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980244" title="Bernard Cheong">
Bernard Cheong

Bernard Cheong (born April 10, 1958) is a watch collector and horologist, medical doctor, and the CEO and partner of Lifeline Medical Group (YTL Community), in Singapore. Cheong was appointed the first collector and non-watchmaking industry ambassador for the Fondation de la Haute Horlogerie in 2011, a foundation in Geneva, Switzerland to promote and develop fine watchmaking internationally.
Cheong is a "pioneering customer of the unique, academic, often controversial and almost always misunderstood". Cheong helped formulate the transparent jury system, and, a new carefully audited and numbered voting system for Grand Prix d'Horlogerie de Geneve in 2002, a contest between high-end watch manufacturers. Subsequently, he also helped to bring the annual Grand Prix d'Horlogerie de Geneve to Asia. He is the first non-industry “civilian” chairman of the board, as well as one of the eight jurors from around the world.
Although he is a partner of Lifeline Medical Group, one of the largest medical groups in Singapore, Cheong is more popularly known among high society circles as an eclectic and esteemed watch collector and horologist, and is often seen at prestigious events with his wife, Dolly Ong, whom he married in 1989. In 2003, Cheong was listed in Asia Tatler’s Top 300 list. In 2004, Cheong became the first man to appear on the cover of Prestige magazine, a lifestyle magazine targeting an affluent audience. In addition, he was awarded the Tatler Leadership Award for style in 2005. In the following year, Cheong appeared in Tatler’s selective Asia-wide list for top 100 people to know in Asia.
Cheong currently resides in Singapore with his wife, Dolly Ong, and two daughters, Patricia and Cheryl, aged twenty-five, and twenty-two respectively. Ong is currently the financial controller with Lifeline Medical Group.
Early life and education.
Cheong was born in Singapore, then a part of Malaysia (hence technically he is Malaysian born), on 10 April, 1958, the first of two children, to a 1960's bronze sculpture artist, Michael Cheong, and his wife, Rosy Heng Cheong, a nurse. Cheong’s parents were both born in Kuantan, Pahang, and Cheong’s grandparents were wealthy business people there. The Wong Ah Jan Road that stands there today, is named after Cheong’s great-grandfather. Cheong became a Singaporean citizen in 1965, Singapore’s independence year, where everyone present in the country on the date of independence, 9 August, was offered Singapore citizenship. His younger sibling is Suzanne Cheong, an ex-radio DJ at the now defunct Radio Television Singapore.
Cheong did his primary and secondary education at Anglo-Chinese School at Barker Road, a school known for consisting largely of the offspring of wealthy socialites and prominent members of society. His education at this school spanned sixteen years, all the way to pre-university level.
Medical profession.
Cheong became a medical doctor in 1982 after receiving his medical degree (double degree in Medicine and Surgery) from NUS in Singapore His earlier days were spent practicing medicine in hospitals in Singapore, and India. He subsequently became a specialist medical officer in emergency medicine, orthopaedics, paediatrics, and internal medicine before he resigned to set up his own firm. In 1987, he founded Lifeline Medical Group (YTL Community), which he expanded into one of Singapore's five largest medical groups during his twenty-three years as CEO and partner. There are currently nine general practitioner clinics, and one aesthetic clinic, and cooperative associations with nineteen specialists under the Lifeline Medical Group chain.
Cheong was awarded for contributing to alternative lifestyles for doctors in high-stress practices, in 2008. For instance, he used to skate home after surgery work, or to the city, over a distance of fifteen kilometers. He also runs regularly. Since 2011, he has been a part of the Singapore government's programme to promote a more diverse lifestyle for professionals.
In January 2012, Cheong was given lifetime membership to the Singapore Medical Association, the national medical organisation representing the majority of medical practitioners in both the public and private sectors.
Watch collecting and horology.
Cheong began watch collecting in 1973, when his parents bought him the Flyback Seiko Chronograph that he wanted as a gift.
Cheong is reported to have been a strong supporter of innovative, unique and controversial watches, and has helped to bring many of them into the main stream. Ever since he was young, he has chosen the path less travelled when it came to watch collecting, as can be shown from a young age. In 1982, when he was just twenty-three, he bought his first watch, an Omega Seamaster Titanium, while his friends opted for the more mainstream Rolex Submariner. His interest and passion in esoteric watches, and collecting them are thought to have evolved out of his "fascination with photography, cinema history and architecture".
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, as Cheong grew his business, he also grew his collection of wristwatches, particularly those of academic and cultural relevance. In 1993, Cheong then directed his attention to marine chronometers and military clocks stemming from 1940 to 1945, and in the following year, trained himself with a focus on pocket watches and their historical significance. His close friendships with innovative watchmakers, such as Rolf Schynder, Vianney Halter, Maximillian Busser and the late Gunther Blumlein, in his early years of collecting gave him an unusual heritage of connections deep within the watch industry.
Cheong first came under the public spotlight in 1998, when he acquired the most expensive watch made by a then-unknown watchmaker, Vianney Halter. Halter’s watch was part of the well-known Goldpfeil Independent Watchmaking Project, where artists made watches for Goldpfeil. Halter’s watch was priced at USD $98, 000, and called the “camera”. Cheong considered it the most outstanding piece, and gambled on his instinct that he had spotted what he felt to be a real artist. Later in 2004, he would also acquire Halter’s personal watch, then called the Halter Barnes watch, for USD $189, 000. In return for Cheong’s continued support of him starting from when he was still relatively unknown, Halter thanked Cheong in his speech when he won the Best Watchmaker Prize at the Grand Prix d’Horlogerie de Genève in 2011:
“Every day, Bernard Cheong shows on various Internet forums that you don’t have to be mad to like my work. Although it does help! He clearly transmitted a little of this madness to the jury, for which I am grateful”.
Cheong also gained a lot of influence and fame in the watch community through sharing his horological insights and unique perspectives online. For years he has exchanged thoughts and opinions with manufacturers and other collectors on websites such as WatchProSite, ThePuristS, and Horomundi Horology-Switzerland. Cheong was part of the first team of unpaid Internet columnists in Timezone.com, and thePurists.com. Although he has never worked in the industry, his knowledge anthology in the field -- its history, models, brands and technology -- goes beyond that of many professionals, and the Internet has helped him gain fame and influence for his knowledge and opinions. 
Maximilian Büsser, founder of Maximilian Büsser & Friends, and creator of the innovative and now world famous HM3 Frog and HM4 Thunderbolts, observed that the views of collectors such as Cheong on watches hold a great deal of weight in the community of watch collectors and connoisseurs. This is apparently a very new phenomenon for creators, which is reshaping the whole watch-making industry. According to Jerome Lambert, CEO of Jaeger-LeCoultre, "the collector is helping to create the myth around a brand, and forge his reputation… the Internet is playing a huge role today, accelerating the influences in the community around the world, and enhancing exchanges with the industry". Cheong writes syndicated monthly columns translated into nine languages in twelve countries.
Cheong’s horologic pursuits went from collecting and reviewing, to a phase of influencing the market, through being a paid moderator for Harry Winston Inc, in 2003 to 2005. His next step was influencing the watchmaking industry itself, after having built a contemporary collection dating from 1975 to 2003. Cheong focused his finances to acquire watches that were art pieces, and not trade-named pieces, which were at that time, considered more as liquid assets. Subsequently, Cheong became renowned for creating public interest in what he coined as “independent watch makers”, whose focus was making watches from their own perspectives and desires, rather than for market demands. Because of his efforts, Cheong was unwittingly integrated into the industry and given due recognition, and lauded as a “personality”. Television appearances followed, on channels such as Discovery Channel and CNN, amidst other international channels from Germany, France, China and Japan.
Since 1998, Cheong has regularly been invited to speak at financial conferences about wristwatches as portable assets. He has made a lot of money out of investing in innovative and obscure brands, which later became mainstream and increased in value, such as his Panerai collection. He reportedly finds watches to be much more promising, lasting and meaningful investments than those of wines, cars or jewelry. In 2004, publications and television stations from various parts of the globe (New York, Japan, France, China and Thailand) identified Cheong as the singular Renaissance watch collector. Subsequently, he has been highly sought after by watch collectors, connoisseurs, reviewers and investors to name the "next new wave".
In April 2008, investigative French journalists from Economie LeHepDo Paris described Cheong as one of the hidden influences in an already highly covert industry. Cheong was to become part of the formative committee of the Grand Prix Haute Horology in Asia, and later a juror in the Geneva GPHH.
Cheong holds a unique position within the watch-makers community Grand Prix d'Horlogerie de Genève, being financially independent from it, buying and not usually selling, yet a significant influence on it. The past thirty years of collecting have afforded him with incredible opportunities to work with both collectors and the industry, royalty, political figures and celebrities. With his influence, Cheong's goal is reportedly to bring watch collecting further and much higher than the world of automobiles, art and wine, and to transform it into a post graduate study and subject matter for such disciplines as architecture, design, engineering and especially anthropology.
In 2011, Cheong was appointed the first ambassador for the Fondation de la Haute Horlogerie.
Watch collection.
Cheong has a collection of over a hundred watches, and has bought roughly one hundred and eighty watches in his life. Some were investments in less known watches, such as his Panerai collection, that later became popular, and which he later sold at a large profit. His collection ranges from staples of the luxury industry, such as Patek Philippe, A. Lange & Söhne, Panerai, and International Watch Company (IWC), exotic timepieces made by independent craftsmen such as F.P. Journe and Vianney Halter, and, boutique brands like MB&F, and the unique “lab-on-the-wrist” Freak models by Ulysse Nardin. His collection represents more than three million Swiss francs today, including six exceptional pieces totaling alone one million francs.
The self-developed technique by which Cheong plans his purchases is one of segmentation. For Cheong, it involves placing a desired piece into segments of his own criteria, and saving for it while monitoring the level of general interest in the timepiece and price fluctuations on the market. Following which if he cannot afford to pay for it within a year, or has to utilize money that could be better directed to his property and medical businesses, he will choose not to buy it. Cheong’s knowledge of how to collect wisely is gleaned and developed from Karl Marx’s ideas on how the world works, and reading about the processes by which antiquities gains further value, and in particular, furniture. In assessing a watch, Cheong mainly considers the level of the watchmaker’s contribution to the industry. He mainly purchases watches from only authorized retail shops, such as The Hour Glass, Sincere, and Cortina, due to his belief in establishing deep connections with major retailers and to gain better access to horologic-related information.

</doc>
<doc id="30980260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980260" title="Archelaus (father of Archelaus of Cappadocia)">
Archelaus (father of Archelaus of Cappadocia)

Archelaus (; fl. 1st century BC) was a High priest of the temple-state of Comana, Cappadocia.
Background.
Archelaus was a Cappadocian Greek nobleman, possibly of Macedonian descent. He was the son and namesake of the Roman Client Ruler and High Priest of Comana, Cappadocia, Archelaus by an unnamed Greek woman. He also had an unnamed sister and his paternal uncle was the Pontic soldier Diogenes, who served in the army of King Mithridates VI of Pontus. His paternal grandfather also called Archelaus, the Pontic General who participated in the Mithridatic Wars. His paternal grandmother may have been a Pontic Princess one of the daughters born from the concubine of Mithridates VI as his father had descended from Mithridates VI.
Priest-king.
In January/February 55 BC after the deaths of his father and sister, Archelaus succeeded his father as High Priest Temple Ruler of the Comana Cappadocia. Archelaus was the High Priest of the Roman Goddess of War, Bellona. When Marcus Tullius Cicero served as Proconsul of Cilicia in 51 BC, Archelaus assisted with troops and money for those who created disturbances in Cappadocia and threatened then King Ariobarzanes III of Cappadocia. Cicero compelled Archelaus to quit the campaign against Ariobarzanes III.
In 47 BC the Roman Dictator Gaius Julius Caesar after the conclusion of his military victory against the Triumvir Pompey, deprived and deposed Archelaus of his office of high priest and rule over Comana. Archelaus was replaced by another Greek nobleman called Lycomedes. Pompey was their family patron and it was he that appointed his father as High Priest Ruler of the temple state of Comana. The fate of Archelaus afterwards is unknown.
Family.
Archelaus had married a Cappadocian Greek Hetaera called Glaphya.
Glaphyra bore Archelaus two sons:

</doc>
<doc id="30980279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980279" title="Van Roxas">
Van Roxas

Van Louelle Pojas is a Filipino actor, television personality, and former reality show contestant. He placed as the 5th Star Dreamer of Pinoy Dream Academy Season 2. He did a show with the Drama Princess of ABS-CBN's Kim Chiu entitles Maling Akala.
Personal life.
Van Louelle Pojas better known as Van Roxas (born November 8, 1989) is from Talisay, Cebu. He is a Physical Therapy student and band vocalist from Cebu. 
His parents have separated, his mother is in the States while his father has his own life away from Van.
He was a support act of the Irish pop band Westlife for their 2011 Gravity Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="30980291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980291" title="Edgar Gilbert">
Edgar Gilbert

Edgar Nelson Gilbert (July 25, 1923 – June 15, 2013) was an American mathematician and coding theorist, a longtime researcher at Bell Laboratories whose accomplishments include the Gilbert–Varshamov bound in coding theory, the Gilbert–Elliott model of bursty errors in signal transmission, and the Erdős–Rényi model for random graphs.
Biography.
Gilbert was born in 1923 in Woodhaven, New York. He did his undergraduate studies in physics at Queens College, City University of New York, graduating in 1943. He taught mathematics briefly at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign but then moved to the Radiation Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he designed radar antennas from 1944 to 1946. He finished a Ph.D. in physics at MIT in 1948, with a dissertation entitled "Asymptotic Solution of Relaxation Oscillation Problems" under the supervision of Norman Levinson, and took a job at Bell Laboratories where he remained for the rest of his career. He retired in 1996.
He died following a fall in 2013 at Basking Ridge, New Jersey.
Research.
Coding theory.
The Gilbert–Varshamov bound, proved independently in 1952 by Gilbert and in 1957 by Rom Varshamov, is a mathematical theorem that guarantees the existence of error-correcting codes that have a high transmission rate as a function of their length, alphabet size, and Hamming distance between codewords (a parameter that controls the number of errors that can be corrected). The main idea is that in a maximal code (one to which no additional codeword can be added), the Hamming balls of the given distance must cover the entire codespace, so the number of codewords must at least equal the total volume of the codespace divided by the volume of a single ball. For 30 years, until the invention of Goppa codes in 1982, codes constructed in this way were the best ones known.
The Gilbert–Elliott model, developed by Gilbert in 1960 and E. O. Elliot in 1963, is a mathematical model for the analysis of transmission channels in which the errors occur in bursts. It posits that the channel may be in either of two different states, with different error rates, that errors occur independently of each other once the state is known, and that the changes from one state to the other are governed by a Markov chain. It is "very convenient and often used" in the analysis of modern communications systems such as data links to mobile telephones.
Probability theory.
Central to the theory of random graphs is the Erdős–Rényi model, in which edges are chosen randomly for a fixed set of vertices. It was introduced in two forms in 1959 by Gilbert, Paul Erdős, and Alfréd Rényi. In Gilbert's form, each potential edge is chosen to be included in the graph or excluded from it, independently of the other edges, with probability . Thus, the expected number of edges is , but the actual number of edges can vary randomly and all graphs have a nonzero probability of being selected. In contrast, in the model introduced by Erdős and Rényi, the graph is chosen uniformly at random among all -edge graphs; the number of edges is fixed, but the edges are not independent of each other, because the presence of an edge in one position is negatively correlated with the presence of an edge in a different position. Although these two models end up having similar properties, the model is often more convenient to work with due to the independence of its edges.
In the mathematics of shuffling playing cards, the Gilbert–Shannon–Reeds model, developed in 1955 by Gilbert and Claude Shannon and independently in unpublished work in 1981 by Jim Reeds, is a probability distribution on permutations of a set of items that, according to experiments by Persi Diaconis, accurately models human-generated riffle shuffles. In this model, a deck of cards is split at a point chosen randomly according to a binomial distribution, and the two parts are merged together with the order of merging chosen uniformly at random among all possible mergers. Equivalently, it is the inverse of a permutation formed by choosing independently at random for each card whether to put it into one of two piles (maintaining the original order of the cards within each pile), and then stacking the two piles on top of each other.
Gilbert tessellations are a mathematical model of crack formation introduced by Gilbert in 1967. In this model, fractures begin at a set of random points, with random orientations, chosen according to a Poisson process, and then grow at a constant rate until they terminate by running into previously formed cracks.
Other contributions.
Gilbert did important work on the Steiner tree problem in 1968, formulating it in a way that unified it with network flow problems. In Gilbert's model, one is given a flow network in which each edge is given both a cost and a capacity, and a matrix of flow amounts between different pairs of terminal vertices; the task is to find a subnetwork of minimum cost whose capacities are sufficient to support a flow with the given flow amounts between any pair of terminals. When the flow amounts are all equal, this reduces to the classical Steiner tree problem.
Gilbert discovered Costas arrays independently of and in the same year as Costas, and is also known for his work with John Riordan on counting necklaces in combinatorics. He has Erdős number 2 due to his research with Erdős' co-authors Fan Chung, Ron Graham, and Jack van Lint on partitions of rectangles into smaller rectangles.

</doc>
<doc id="30980302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980302" title="Uno, West Virginia">
Uno, West Virginia

Uno is an unincorporated community in Wyoming County, West Virginia, United States. Uno is west-southwest of Oceana.

</doc>
<doc id="30980362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980362" title="Civil Status Mobile Registration Unit in Oman">
Civil Status Mobile Registration Unit in Oman

__NOTOC__
The Sultanate of Oman has an area of 309,500 square kilometers and is composed of varying topographic areas consisting of plains (3%), mountains (15%) and wadies (valleys (dry rivers beds)) and desert (82%).The above posed a challenge for DGCS, ROP to upkeep the Civil Registration status. The National Registration System (NRS) links 12 civil status directorates throughout the Sultanate. It is operated by qualified staff and utilizes sophisticated computer systems. However, these 12 civil directorates were established only in the main towns of Oman (4 governorates and 5 regions). For people who are living in the remote areas, they do not have access to these directorates. They will have to travel great distance to register or renew their civil status; it is costly for many of these folks. 
Masirah, an island off the East Coast of Oman, 95 km long north-south, between 12 and 14 km wide, with an area of about 649 km², and a population estimated at 12,000 in 12 villages mainly in the north of the island (9,292 as of the census of 2003, of which were 2,311 foreigners). The only way to access the area is using passenger ferry or by air. The next example is Wahiba Sands, or Ramlat al-Wahiba (also called Sharqiya Sands), are a region of desert in Oman. The area is defined by a boundary of 180 kilometers (112 mi) north to south and 80 kilometers (50 mi) east to west, with an area of 12,500 square kilometers (4,800 sq mi). Within all the examples above, the residence over there are spread into smaller communities, some are less than 20 in a village.
Launch.
In 11 April 2009, the Mobile Registration Units (MRUs) were established to tackle the above problem. Using modern technology, MRU were added to compliment the network of NRS directorates to provide quick and expeditious service to users living in remote areas. These mobile registration units are compact, highly portable equipments that can be packed into vehicles or even hand carried. It was specially designed to operate in difficult terrain and weather conditions. Most importantly, it is capable of carrying out similar function to those performed in any local registration office.
Role.
Another important point is that the MRU also play a role in the (Consultative Assembly of Oman) Majlis al-Shura election, where the mobile units are used to install the eVoting application in the Omani ID cards to allow the voters to use their ID cards in the process of election. This service was launched on January 3thd, 2011. These units consist of a laptop, a camera, a signature scanner, fingerprint scanner and ID card reader. It supports the registration of new voters and the instant installation of an electoral applet and registering the voting location. This promotes transparency in the electoral process. Before, 1 voter can casts multiple votes in different electoral boundaries. With the eVoting application, it enforces the 1-man-1-vote polices. Also, it allows the flexibility of voters’ casting votes in his selected electoral area without having to be physically present. This is extremely important as many works in the capital but are originally from remote areas.
MRU and NRS.
The MRU service is an important component of the National Registration System (NRS). The NRS is primarily for the purpose of establishing the legal documents required by the law (ID cards, Resident cards and birth, death certificates) in addition to recording marriages and divorces events. These records are the main source of vital statistics concerning Civil Status. Accuracy and timeliness of civil registration are essential for quality vital statistics and planning. The MRU is vital in ensuring that the objective of the NRS is achieved, especially for remote areas and disable (People with special needs) who can be served at their home because the mobile unit comes to them.

</doc>
<doc id="30980364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980364" title="Eylem Şenkal">
Eylem Şenkal

Eylem Şenkal (born June 21, 1976) is a Turkish model, TV star and volleyball player in Turkey.
She did her secondary studies in Kadir Has High School and then registered at İstanbul University and she graduated in Sport Academy of Marmara University.
In sports, she was a professional volleyball player for Fenerbahçe and she played for national team. She also played for Yeşilyurt. She returned to volleyball again after many years and currently she plays for Teşvikiye İhtisas SK at the amateur level.

</doc>
<doc id="30980365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980365" title="Samuel Ofosu-Ampofo">
Samuel Ofosu-Ampofo

Samuel Ofosu-Ampofo is Ghana's Minister for Local Government and Rural Development. He was appointed by President Mills during a cabinet reshuffle in January 2011. Prior to this appointment he had been the Eastern Regional Minister since the start of the Mills NDC government in 2009. He was succeeded by Dr Kwasi Akyem Apea-Kubi. He is a member of the National Democratic Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="30980391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980391" title="Robert Sandilands Frowd Walker">
Robert Sandilands Frowd Walker

Lt. Col. Robert Sandilands Frowd Walker, C.M.G., (also known as R. S. F. Walker) (13 May 1850 – 16 May 1917) was a prominent figure in Malaya during the British colonial era in the late 19th century.
During his youth he was an amateur sportsman, and played three times for the English football XI against Scotland, scoring four goals, in the 1870 to 1872 representative matches.
Early life and education.
Walker was born in Chestercastle, (in the Great Boughton registration district), in Chester and educated at Brentwood School, Essex before entering the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
At Sandhurst, he showed himself to be a keen all-round sportsman, representing the college at athletics in 1869 and 1870 in competitions with the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. He played for the Sandhurst cricket team in 1869, including the match against the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich in May. The following year he was captain of the cricket team. In May 1870, he won the 120 yards hurdles and the pole jump in the annual athletics competition against the Woolwich Academy.
On graduating from Sandhurst in 1870, he was awarded the Sword of Honour which was presented to him by the Duke of Cambridge, who was then Commander-in-Chief. He continued to use the sword throughout his career and had it re-hilted to conform to the 1895 regulations. This sword is probably the one depicted in the statue of Walker that stands outside the Perak Museum at Taiping.
Football career.
After leaving Sandhurst, he joined the Clapham Rovers Football Club and was also a member of the Wanderers club. In November 1870, he was selected by C. W. Alcock to represent "England" in the second "pseudo-international" match against a Scottish XI. He scored England's goal in a 1–0 victory; according to the match reports " a well-executed run-down by C.W. Alcock, in conjunction with a final kick from the foot of R.S.F. Walker, enforced the surrender of the Scottish goal" and "barely ten minutes had elapsed before a neat run down by C.W. Alcock, resulted in a goal to the side of England, the final kick which secured the coveted honour for the South being administered by R.S.F. Walker".
The following February, Walker was again England's scorer in a 1–1 draw; the match report included a reference to the Combination Game style of football: It seemed as if the defence would prove more than equal to the attack, until a well-executed run-down by C.W.Alcock, W.C. Butler and R.S.F. Walker, acting in concert, enabled the last-named of the trio to equalise the score by the accomplishment of a well-merited goal for England.The match report concludes: "For England, R.S.F. Walker was untiring in his efforts forwards until the close."
In November 1871, Walker made his third and final appearance for England. Walker scored both England's goals in a 2–1 victory; the match report describes his goals thus:So persevering were the attacks of the English, that at last a loud cheer proclaimed the fall of the Scotch citadel to a well-directed shot by Walker.<br>It appeared as if were likely to have the game entirely in their own hands, as within a very short time a second goal was obtained for England by R.S.F. Walker. In conclusion, the report describes Walker as "the hero of the English eleven".
He was also selected for the Scotland vs. England rugby international of 1873, although he did not actually play.
Military career.
In 1870, aged twenty, he joined the 28th (North Gloucestershire) Regiment of Foot; on 28 October 1871, he was gazetted as an Ensign and thence to Lieutenant; he was one of the last ensigns to be gazetted in the British Army. With the 28th Foot, he served in Gibraltar and Malta.
In 1874, he was transferred to Perak, but was then moved first to Hong Kong and then to Singapore where, in 1878, he was aide-de-camp to Sir William Robinson, Governor of the Straits Settlements. In November 1878, he accompanied Robinson to Bangkok for the investiture of King Chulalongkorn as a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George.
Early in 1879, he entered the service of the Federated Malay States as Acting Commissioner of the Perak Armed Police, and was also the Acting Assistant Resident. By 1884, he was Commandant of the 1st Perak Sikhs with the local rank of Major. Five years later, he was granted the honorary rank of Lieutenant-Colonel whilst employed with the Perak Police Force. In 1902, he was granted the local rank of Lieutenant-Colonel while employed as Commandant of the Malay States Guides.
He acted as Assistant Resident in Perak (1882), Secretary to the Government of Perak (1889), acting British Resident in Selangor (1899) and acting British Resident in Perak (1900).
Perak Sikhs.
In 1879, Walker took command of the Perak Armed Police from Major Paul Swinburne turning it into a quasi-military force based almost entirely on Sikh and Pathan recruits. In 1884, Walker (now promoted to Major) successfully petitioned for the Perak Armed Police to be allowed to style themselves the "1st Battalion, Perak Sikhs". At this time, the police force had a strength of 650 men, some of whom were sent to Parit Buntar and Telok Anson. Others performed guard duties at the residency in Taiping and maintained law and order in the State of Perak, including a section of cavalry troopers. The force was engaged mainly in dealing with local uprisings, with occasional interventions in labour disputes between Chinese labour gangs and their bosses. 
On 29 November 1887, following friction between the Ghee Hin and Hai San secret societies, a brothel skirmish in Papan escalated into a violent clash which became known as the "Papan Riots", the most serious Chinese secret society clash ever to take place in the Kinta district. The riots were quelled by Walker and the Perak Sikhs but flared up again in September 1889. In "a show of force", Walker and the Perak Sikhs, responding to reports received from the acting magistrate, visited the mining areas at Kinta, inspecting the kongsis in which the secret society members lived. The appearance of the feared "Mungkali Kwai" (Sikh Devils) helped prevent any "untoward incidents".
Walker's efforts to quell the riots were praised by the Governor: has done himself great credit, often working from daybreak to midnight – and he has settled some very difficult disputes between Chinese Towkays and mobs of coolies, with great patience, tact, judgement and decision.
During the mining boom years of the early 1890s, Kinta was hit with a wave of crime, influenced by drinking and gambling. As a result of the breaking down of the secret societies, there was less organised crime but the region was plagued with roving gangs of robbers. Walker complained to his superiors that he could not police the district with a police force of only 196:Police work in Kinta, as elsewhere, has increased with the population, and the number of men for work does not increase proportionally. New places . . . keep opening out, but although the old places do not die as these spring up, the same number of men are still supposed to be sufficient to efficiently check crime.
In early 1892, a large force from the Perak Sikhs was sent to Pahang to quell an uprising there. Following the suppression of the "Pahang disturbances", Walker was again able to concentrate his attention on the situation in Perak. Following a sudden increase in crime in the Ipoh division in the second half of the year, Walker visited all the main towns, inspecting the mines and meeting the towkays owners who "cried out for police protection". Walker telegraphed his headquarters in Taiping to request reinforcements and within two months his forces in Ipoh had been strengthened by about 100 men.
Several new police stations were opened with financial assistance from the mine-owners and increased patrols on the Tambun road helped reduce the number of robberies and assaults on the highway, although Walker complained that "it exhausts the resources of any force and the constitution of the men." Referring to the rapid growth of crime in northern Kinta, Walker remarked:No wonder that the crime has increased, as increase it must, with a mining population of Chinese, a race that knows no repose, that settles only for the moment where money is to be made with the greatest ease, that would rob their best friends if they themselves should have lost their savings at the gaming table.
To assist in the fight against crime, Walker recommended that the headquarters of the Kinta police should be moved from Batu Gajah to Ipoh.I beg very earnestly to request the Government to remove the headquarters of my Department from Batu Gajah to Ipoh. From the latter place the officer commanding can regulate his duties with greater efficiency. Almost any portion of his District could be proceeded to with greater rapidity from Ipoh. His living at Batu Gajah merely means an excessive amount of travelling.
Walker's recommendation was accepted by the Government and the district police headquarters were moved to Ipoh in 1894 at the same time as the headquarters of the Perak Chinese Protectorate were moved from Taiping to Ipoh.
Malay States Guides.
In 1896, following the inauguration of the Federated Malay States, the Perak and Selangor Sikh Police forces were consolidated into the "Malay States Guides" with Lt. Colonel Walker as their first commandant. The Guides were modelled on the Corps of Guides of the North-West Frontier of India.
The Guides consisted of six companies of Infantry, a Depot Company with a Field Company of 15 pounder breech-loading guns and a Mountain Company. Each company was under the command of a British Officer and was made up of two Sikh Officers and 100 non-commissioned officers and men; their total strength was 900 personnel.
Personality.
Walker had the reputation of being something of a disciplinarian with a fierce temper, and was known to the local Malays as the "Black Panther". He has been described as "at the best of times very much a martinet" and "a difficult man to work with".
In his "Personalities of Old Malaya", written in 1930, Cyril Baxendale relates an incident involving Walker and Chief Inspector John Symes. During a visit by Frank Swettenham, then the Resident of Perak, to the Police barracks Swettenham admired a row of trees providing shade to the parade square. On being told by Symes that Walker had ordered the trees to be felled, Swettenham insisted that they should be spared. On a subsequent formal visit attended by Walker, Swettenham was surprised to see that the trees had been cut down. On inquiring why, Symes replied:"Colonel's Order, Sir," replied Symes.<br><br>
"Inspector Symes, did you tell Colonel Walker that the Resident gave you orders not to cut down those trees?"<br><br>
"Yes, Sir."<br><br>
"What did Colonel Walker say?"
A few moments of hesitation and then Symes sprang to attention and as he raised his hand in formal salute: "Damn the British Resident, Sir."
Sport and leisure in Malaya.
Walker continued to be involved in all forms of sport throughout his life. Together with Sir Frank Swettenham, Governor of the Straits Settlements, and Mr. E. W. Birch, C.M.G., later British Resident in Perak, he helped introduce cricket to Perak and surrounding areas.
Walker also helped introduce football to the state; he founded a team in Taiping and donated the Ship Challenge Trophy.
He helped found the Perak Club in 1881 which had a playing field used for cricket, football, hockey and tennis. Described as the "father of cricket and football in the Peninsula", the club organised the first inter-state matches in Malaya. The Perak Club became the premier social institution of Taiping and the senior club in the Malay States.
Walker was a member of many other sporting, service and social clubs including the Perak Turf Club, the United Service Institute, the Naval and Military Club, the Wellington Club and the Ranelagh Club.
While in Hong Kong in the 1870s, as well as playing cricket he was the stroke in the regimental boat which defeated a team from the United States ship " Kearsage".
Walker was an avid collector of Malay weapons, brasses, and silver and had what was reputed to be "the finest collection of old china in the peninsula". His collection of Malay stone implements from the Straits Settlements is now in the Pitt Rivers Museum at the University of Oxford.
Contributions to Malayan society.
During his time in Perak, Walker made several contributions to local society, many of which still remain.
The esplanade in the town centre was originally the Parade Square and was laid out by Walker in 1890.
In Taiping and nearby Pokok Assam there were roads named for Walker although these have since been renamed as "Jalan Maharajalela" and "Jalan Temenggong" respectively.
Taiping Lake Gardens.
In 1880, Walker conceived the idea of transforming a disused mining site in Taiping into a garden for the benefit of the townspeople. The land was donated to the town by its owner, Mr. Chung Thye Phin, a wealthy tin miner and rubber planter. By 1884, with the help of Walker and his police staff, the Taiping Lake Gardens were complete with grasses, flowers and trees; the 62 hectares site was the first public gardens in Malaya.
All Saints' Church, Taiping.
The history of All Saints' Church, the earliest Anglican church in Malaya, can be traced from 1883 when Walker presided over a meeting to arrange for funds to be collected to pay for the stipend of a clergyman.
Honours.
Walker was created a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1901 "in recognition of his public services".
He was also a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, the Royal Zoological Society, the Royal Colonial Society and of the Royal Colonial Institute.
For his work in settling the labour troubles he was presented with a sword by the Chinese community.
He commanded the dismounted colonial troops at the celebrations to mark Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee in 1897.
He was later given the honour of laying the foundation stone of the Diamond Jubilee Wadda Gurdwara Sahib at Penang on 3 June 1901. After a formal procession from the jetty at Penang Harbour, accompanied by a large body of Sikhs, Walker laid the foundation stone of the new building with a trowel made of solid silver.
Retirement and death.
In 1907, he married Mrs. Beatrice Bolton (née Ireland), the widow of Lieut. Colonel Richard Bolton, of the Royal Horse Guards, and eldest daughter of the late Thomas James Ireland, M.P., of Ousden Hall, Suffolk.
Walker retired in 1910 on the grounds of ill-health; in a private letter he said:Thirty-two and a half years since I landed in Singapore and knocked the ball about on the old cricket ground. A longish spell, that has passed very quickly, at times very happily. I cannot help feeling I am leaving a splendid little Corps behind me, and only wish it was a Brigade.
On his retirement a bronze statue was erected in his honour in Taiping; it stands today outside the Perak Museum; the sculptor was Charles Leonard Hartwell R.A. (1873–1951). According to the inscription on the sculpture:This statue was erected by public subscription of the Sultans of Perak and Johore and many personal friends of the principal Chinese Towkays and of the officers and men of the Regiment of Malay State Guides to be a memorial of ROBERT SANDILANDS FROWD WALKER
After his return to England, Walker lived at Scott's Lodge, Knockholt, Kent. During the First World War, he was appointed as commandant of the internment camp for German and Austrian detainees at Alexandra Palace. According to Baxendale:he tempered his strict regard for discipline with his usual kindness, and the encouragement he gave to the prisoners to pursue their various trades won their respect and affection. Walker suffered from a long-term complaint of the inner ear; he died of a heart attack on 16 May 1917, a few days after his 67th birthday. He is one of the oldest soldiers commemorated on the Commonwealth War Graves Commission "Debt of Honour" database. He was buried at St Katharine's Church, Knockholt.

</doc>
<doc id="30980392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980392" title="Sliman Ourak">
Sliman Ourak

Sliman Ourak is a Tunisian politician. He was the Minister of Trade and Handicrafts under former President born July 28, 1955 in Tunis. After earning a Masters in Law (Private Law), Mr. Slimane Ourak studied postgraduate at the Institut Technique de Banque (ITB) in Paris.
He did internships in several Tunisian banks and participated in national conferences and international training on the mechanisms of promotion and financing of Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs).
He has also conducted training sessions and international micro-finance mechanism to fight against poverty and marginalization.
Mr. Ourak began his professional career in December 1981 to the National Housing Savings (Housing Bank (BH) today), before being appointed director general of Finance Ministry of Planning and Finance.
He then served as Director General of the Tunisian Solidarity Bank (BTS) (April 1999 - November 2004) and Director General of Customs (November 2004), a position he held until his new appointment.
Mr. Slimane is Ourak Officer of the Order of the Republic (2006) and Officer of the Order of 7 November (2007). He was also decorated with the Medal of Labour (2003).
Mr. Ourak is married with three children.

</doc>
<doc id="30980405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980405" title="Conservation of slow lorises">
Conservation of slow lorises

Slow lorises are nocturnal strepsirrhine primates in the genus "Nycticebus" that live in the rainforests of South and Southeast Asia. They are threatened by habitat loss and fragmentation from deforestation, selective logging, and slash and burn agriculture, as well as by collection and hunting for the wildlife trade, including the exotic pet trade, and for use in traditional medicine and as bushmeat. Because of these and other threats, all five species of slow loris are listed as either "Vulnerable" or "Endangered" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Their conservation status was originally listed as "Least Concern" in 2000 because of imprecise population surveys and the frequency in which these primates were found in animal markets. Because of their rapidly declining populations and local extinctions, their status was updated and in 2007 the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) elevated them to Appendix I, which prohibits international commercial trade. Local laws also protect slow lorises from hunting and trade, but enforcement is lacking in most areas.
Traditional beliefs regarding slow lorises have been part of the folklore of Southeast Asia for at least several hundred years. Their remains are buried under houses and roads to bring good luck, and every part of their body is used in traditional medicine to make products ranging from love potions to unproven cures for cancer, leprosy, epilepsy, and sexually transmitted diseases. The primary users of this traditional medicine are urban, middle-aged women who are reluctant to consider alternatives. A large number of slow lorises are traded as pets, both locally and internationally. Although it is illegal to import slow lorises for commercial sale, they are popular exotic pets in Japan, the United States, and Europe, largely because of their "cute" appearance, which has been popularized in highly viewed YouTube videos. Hundreds of slow lorises have been confiscated at airports, but because they are easy to hide, these numbers are likely to be only a small fraction of the total number being trafficked. Traders cut or pull the teeth of slow lorises to make them appear to be an appropriate pet for small children, but this practice often leads to extreme blood loss, infection, and death. Slow lorises lacking their teeth would be unable to fend for themselves and therefore are not released into the wild. Most captive lorises in the pet trade also experience improper care and die from poor nutrition, stress, or infection. Despite this, demand has risen, and slow lorises are no longer captured opportunistically, but are now hunted on a commercial scale using flashlights, from which the animals do not flee.
Connected protected areas are important for the conservation of slow lorises because these primates are not adapted to travel long distances on the ground. Training for enforcement officials helps improve identification and the awareness of their legal protection. Sanctuaries and rescue facilities are available to provide both temporary and lifelong care for confiscated slow lorises. Zoo populations of some species have not bred much and have grown too old to reproduce, although the pygmy slow loris is doing well at some facilities, such as the San Diego Zoo.
Background.
Slow lorises (genus "Nycticebus") are prosimian primates that belong to the suborder Strepsirrhini. They are found throughout South and Southeast Asia and the surrounding islands, and live in the upper canopy of tropical rainforests. They are nocturnal, sleeping during the day curled up in the fork of a tree. Slow lorises are slow and deliberate climbers and rarely come to the ground. They have a round face, woolly fur, a dark stripe down their back, and a tail that is reduced to a stump. Their head and body length ranges from . Their hands and feet are strong and good at grasping for long periods of time. Slow lorises are either solitary or live in pairs; the males are territorial and mark their territories with urine. Their diet consists of mollusks, small vertebrates, and fruit.
Slow lorises can produce a secretion on their brachial gland (a gland on their arm) which when mixed with their saliva creates a volatile, noxious toxin that can be, if necessary, delivered in a bite to an aggressor. A bite causes a painful swelling, but the toxin is mild and not typically fatal.
Five species are currently recognized. The Javan slow loris ("N. javanicus") is native to the Indonesian island of Java, whereas the Bornean slow loris ("N. menagensis") can be found on Borneo and nearby islands, including the Sulu Islands in the Philippines. The Sunda slow loris is found on the Indonesian island of Sumatra as well as Peninsular Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand. The other two species are found entirely on the mainland, with the Bengal slow loris ("N. bengalensis") native to Bangladesh, Cambodia, southern China, Northeast India, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam and the pygmy slow loris ("N. pygmaeus") found in Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, and southern China.
Threats in the wild.
Slow lorises are threatened by deforestation and the wildlife trade, which includes the exotic pet trade, traditional medicine, and bushmeat. Other threats includes road construction, selective logging, and slash and burn agriculture. Habitat fragmentation obstructs biological dispersal for these species that rely on vines and lianas to move from tree to tree. Consequently, slow lorises are found dead on power lines or are victims of roadkill in areas where roads cut between forest patches.
All species are listed either as "Vulnerable" or "Endangered" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Populations are rapidly declining, and their distribution is becoming patchy because of local extinctions throughout their range. Although all species are protected by law in every country in which they occur, conservation efforts are hindered by a lack of public awareness, since many local villagers and remoter buyers of captive specimens are unaware of their endangered status. Recognition and awareness of slow lorises is even low among national park staff. In places like Vietnam, where these nocturnal primates have commonly been found, most local villagers were not familiar with them when shown photos. Only a few older hunters recognized them, but pointed out that they had not seen them in more than 10 or 15 years.
Traditionally, the slow lorises were thought to consist of very few species and were considered to be common across Southeast Asia. These assumptions were due to their nocturnal behavior and their high frequency of occurrence in animal markets throughout the region. Furthermore, researchers from the 20th century and earlier perpetuated the notion that slow lorises were common by reporting them as either present or absent rather than noting low population densities in their field research. As a result, slow lorises were seldom studied, resulting in the initial "Lower Risk/least concern" (LR/lc) conservation status assessment on the IUCN Red List (version 2.3) in 2000. Even in the mid-2000s, population estimates were based only on small surveys.
In 2009, primatologist James Thorn used environmental niche modelling in Indonesia to supplement the poor population data gathered to date to predict the remaining available habitat for slow lorises on the islands of Sumatra, Java, and Borneo. These estimates indicated that the Javan slow loris was the most threatened by habitat loss, followed by the Sunda slow loris from Sumatra. The Bornean slow loris was in a better situation since much of its range consists of low-risk areas. Both the Bengal slow loris and pygmy slow loris are found in more than 20 protected areas, although their populations are either low or insufficiently recorded.
In Indonesia, logging and the clearing of land for agriculture have triggered large forest fires, first in between 1982 and 1983 when burned in Kalimantan, and then again between 1997 and 1998 when burned in Kalimantan and Sumatra. These fires occurred within the native range of slow loris populations.
Although habitat loss has been significant throughout the range of the slow lorises, their decline is most closely associated with unsustainable trade, either for exotic pets or for traditional medicine. Slow lorises are abundant at the markets and are among the most commonly sold primates. Slow lorises are easy to catch because they do not leap from tree to tree, often freezing and covering their face when spotted. (For this reason, Indonesians call them "malu malu" or "shy one".) They are hunted not only by expert hunters, but are also easily caught by opportunist villagers because of the financial reward they bring at the markets.
Traditions and beliefs affecting conservation.
Traditional beliefs and uses for slow lorises vary, and many practices appear to have deep roots going back at least 300 years. Oral traditions suggest these practices go back even further. In the late 1800s and early 1900s, it was reported that the people from the interior of the island of Borneo believed that slow lorises were the gatekeepers for the heavens and that each person had a personal slow loris waiting for them in the afterlife. More often, however, slow lorises are used in traditional medicine or to ward off evil.
In the Mondulkiri Province of Cambodia, hunters believe that lorises can heal their own broken bones immediately after falling from a branch in order to climb back up the tree, and that slow lorises have medicinal powers because they require more than one hit with a stick to die. The hunters also believe that seeing a slow loris will bring bad luck on a hunting trip. In the province of North Sumatra, the slow loris is thought to bring good luck if it is buried under the foundation of a house. Similarly, villagers concerned about traffic safety might bury a slow loris under a road to prevent accidents. In Java, it is thought that putting a piece of its skull in a water jug would make a husband more docile and submissive, just like a slow loris in the daytime. Also, its body parts were used to place curses on enemies in North Sumatra. More recently, researchers have documented the belief that the consumption of loris meat was an aphrodisiac that improves "male power." The gall bladder of the Bengal slow loris has historically been used to make ink for tattoos by the village elders in Pursat and Koh Kong Provinces of Cambodia.
Legal protection.
The trade in slow lorises, whether as pets or for medicine, is illegal because every nation in which they occur naturally has laws protecting them. Cambodia lists them as protected, with penalties of one month in prison and fines of to in 2010 for anyone who catches, hunts, poisons, or transports them. In Indonesia, the slow loris trade has been illegal since 1973, when the Agriculture Ministry passed Decree No. 66. This regulation was clarified in 1999 with Government Regulation No. 7 ("Protection of Wild Flora and Fauna") and Act No. 5 ("Biodiversity Conservation"). Violators are subject to five years in prison and a fine of 100 million rupiah (~).
The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) first listed the two known species of slow loris under Appendix II on 7 January 1975. All newly identified species were covered by Appendix II on 2 April 1977 when all primates were given either Appendix I or Appendix II protection. Appendix II only requires an export permit for international trade, as long as trade will not negatively impact the survival of wild populations. Most of the trade in slow lorises, however, is illegal and usually involves smuggling to Japan. The lack of legal trade reported to the CITES Secretariat is shown in the CITES trade database, where minimal trade by CITES Parties has been reported up until 2007. Regardless, slow lorises remained vulnerable to international trade under Appendix II, and the rampant Southeast Asian pet trade was another reason for concern. As a result, Cambodia proposed that slow lorises be elevated to Appendix I, which prohibits species from being traded internationally for commercial purposes and requires both import and export permits for certain types of non-commercial trade, such as scientific research. The proposal covered all three species recognized at the time—the Sunda slow loris, Bengal slow loris, and pygmy slow loris—because they have traditionally been managed collectively owing to a lack of knowledge as to how to distinguish them.
Before the CITES conference at which a vote would be taken on the proposal, support for the proposed change in status appeared to be limited because of the small amount of reported legal trade. In April 2007, the non-profit conservation group ProFauna Indonesia attracted news coverage with a demonstration held in Malang, Java. The demonstration—an appeal for increased protection for slow lorises—involved organization members suspending themselves from bridges while holding banners that read ""Stop jual kukang"" ("Stop the slow loris trade") and ""Jangan beli kukang"" ("Don't buy slow lorises"). From early to mid-June, the 14th CITES Conference of the Parties (CITES COP-14) was held in The Hague, Netherlands. On 8 June, Cambodia presented the proposal along with their rationale. Indonesia followed by announcing their support, along with Japan, India, Laos, Thailand, the United States, the European Union, Qatar, and many non-governmental organizations (NGOs). Although the proposal was adopted by consensus, some conservation groups objected on the grounds that rational analysis was being usurped by sentiment.
Despite the added protection of CITES Appendix I status, wild slow lorises still receive poor protection because enforcement of the international trade ban is difficult and the penalties are minor. Slow lorises are still found in large numbers at animal markets, most notably in Cambodia and Indonesia, but the traders show no concern for being caught. During a study by Nekaris "et al." published in 2010, vendors in Medan, Jakarta, and Surabaya spoke freely to researchers about how they obtain slow lorises, their uses in medicine, prices, and sales numbers. The markets were not concealed, but were open daily in a designated area in town. Even law enforcement is involved in the trade, with park rangers and police admitting to the purchase of slow lorises for medicinal purposes. The wife of another law enforcement official from the Mondulkiri Province in Cambodia is one of the most notable sellers of slow loris parts.
Wildlife trade.
Humans have been hunting mammals in Asia for at least 40,000 years, but until recently, slow lorises were only hunted at a sustainable level. However, hunting pressure since the 1960s has become increasingly unsustainable, leading to overexploitation, because of growing demand, decreased supply, and the subsequent increased value of the marketed wildlife. In 1985, large wildlife markets began to appear in Phnom Penh and Sen Monorom, Cambodia, followed quickly by the development of networks of hunters, traders, and middlemen. Bright flashlights make spotting slow lorises much easier at night because of their eye shine, and in the 1990s, large-scale commercial harvesting of slow lorises began as improved batteries for spotlights became available.
The drive to capture wildlife, and particularly slow lorises, is increasingly dominated by demands from wealthy urban areas, replacing the subsistence hunting traditionally performed in poor rural areas. In the case of long-lived primates, such as the slow lorises, populations replenish themselves slowly. Slow lorises are particularly vulnerable because they tend to freeze when spotted. Lastly, increased access to new technologies, such as improved transport, guns, wire snares, and spotlights, have facilitated hunting and pushed extraction levels beyond the point of sustainability. These new factors threaten slow loris survival.
Opportunistic hunting of lorises has been a traditional practice, for example, when a tree in which the primate is living is cut down. When forests are cleared to create oil palm ("Elaeis guineensis") plantations or for housing, the lorises are collected from the trees and then sold to the "loris man", who in turn sells them in the cities. Timber merchants in Kalimantan and Aceh also sell slow lorises to traders, and since the primates cling to branches instead of fleeing, they are often transported hundreds of miles on the original tree branches to which they clung.
Demand from middlemen and specialized animal trade mafias has increased the profitability of slow loris hunting and driven many hunters to catch any they spot by climbing or shaking trees. In the Mondulkiri Province in Cambodia, slow lorises are shaken out of trees and then bludgeoned to death with a stick. In Indonesia, slow lorises are worth more alive, so hunters climb the tree to reach them and place a V-shaped stick around their neck to immobilize them. If the slow loris is found in with an infant, the parent is often killed.
Middlemen buy as many as 30 slow lorises from rural hunters over a wide area, and then sell them in the major city markets for 300,000 to 500,000 rupiahs ( to ) each. Western tourists and expatriates pay as much as 1,000,000 rupiahs (). Traders have reported to researchers that they have difficulty keeping pace with demand, and one trader claimed to have sold nearly 1,200 pygmy slow lorises during 2001–2002. Hundreds of slow lorises are sold domestically each year in Indonesian at open-air animal markets (or "bird markets"), as well as in shopping malls. Slow lorises are the most commonly sold protected primate at these markets. Live trade is the most common, with only 13.6% of slow lorises traded for parts. In Phnom Penh, Cambodia during the 1990s, observers counted up to 204 slow lorises for sale at a single store; in 2007 a market in Mondulkiri Province displayed 30 dried specimens. A total of 234 slow lorises were confiscated by the Forestry Administration-Wildlife Alliance between 2002 and 2006. In Indonesia, nearly 6,000 to 7,000 slow lorises were traded domestically each year from 2000 to 2006. For international trade, Laos, Cambodia, and Thailand were the biggest exporters, with exports having declined for all species except the pygmy slow loris from 1998 to 2007 (compared to 1978–1997).
Traditional medicine.
Slow lorises are commonly used in traditional medicine across their geographic range, a practice that has been reported since at least 1900. Thousands of slow lorises are captured each year for such use. Many human factors drive the trade in slow loris parts, including social customs, economic factors, and traditional belief systems.
In Cambodia, the deeply rooted tradition of using the Bengal and pygmy slow lorises in traditional medicine is widespread, and the pygmy slow loris is the most commonly requested animal in traditional medicine shops in Cambodia's capital, Phnom Penh. Some people in the country believe dried slow loris can cure cancer. Slow lorises are also smoked for other traditional remedies. Traditional Khmer medicine practitioners in that region claim that medicines made from slow lorises can cure 100 diseases, with some practitioners from the National Centre for Traditional Medicine reporting that slow loris are sometimes roasted alive under the assumption that this increases the medicine's potency. Slow lorises are also burned alive, causing their eyes to burst and release a liquid called "minyak kukang" (or loris oil), which is used in black magic and traditional medicine and is supposed to have life-giving qualities and act as a love potion.
In the case of the Bengal slow loris, every part—including the brain, urine, and skin—is used in traditional medicine in order to heal wounds and rheumatism. With the Sunda slow loris, people trade the skin, feet, skeletons, and skulls. The fur is reported to heal wounds, the flesh to cure epilepsy, eyes are used in love potions, and the meat is reported to cure asthma and stomach problems. The pygmy slow loris is primarily valued for the medicinal use of its hair, but it is also used to make "bone glue of monkey", a medicine used mostly by local people, but sometimes sold to visitors. In general, wearing slow loris bones is considered good luck and the meat is sometimes thought to cure leprosy.
The main buyers of medicine made from slow lorises are middle- to upper-class women between the ages of 25 and 45 who primarily use loris rice wine tonic to alleviate the pain of childbirth. One bottle of wine is made by mixing rice wine with the carcasses of three dead animals. Minority groups in Cambodia also use loris-based medicine for treating broken bones, asthma, and sexually transmitted diseases. A survey by primatologist Anna Nekaris "et al". (2010) showed that these belief systems were so strong that the majority of respondents expressed reluctance to consider alternatives to loris-based medicines.
In 1993, 200 dead slow lorises were found cut open and stretched out on sticks in the markets of Phnom Penh. In another shop, 150 dead slow lorises were found in two boxes. This suggests hunting on a commercial scale, which has had dramatic effects on local populations. At the time, these dried slow lorises were sold for . However, the prices doubled between 1997 and 2007 and continue to rise. Most vendors (80%) surveyed in 2010 attributed the price increases to a decline in loris numbers and increased enforcement.
Pet trade.
Slow lorises are sold locally at street markets, but are also sold internationally over the Internet and in pet stores. They are especially popular or trendy in Japan, particularly among women. The reasons for their popularity, according to the Japan Wildlife Conservation Society (JWCS), are that "they're easy to keep, they don't cry, they're small, and just very cute." Along with the common squirrel monkey ("Saimiri sciureus"), slow lorises are the most popular primate pets in Japan. Pet shops frequently advertise them, even on their websites, with prices ranging between and more than , or . Despite these frequent advertisements, the World Conservation Monitoring Centre (WCMC) reported only a few dozen slow lorises were imported in 2006, suggesting frequent smuggling. Slow lorises are also smuggled to China, Taiwan, Europe, the United States, and Saudi Arabia for use as pets. Smuggling and trade in Poland and Russia are also common according to Nekaris.
Because of their "cuteness", viral videos of pet slow lorises are some of the mostly frequently watched animal videos on YouTube. In March 2011, a newly posted video of a slow loris holding a cocktail umbrella had been viewed more than two million times, while an older video of a slow loris being tickled had been viewed more than six million times. Most viewers do not realize that the slow loris pet trade is illegal or that the docile behavior of the animals in the videos is a passive defensive reaction for dealing with stress. For instance, according to Nekaris, the slow loris with the umbrella—who was suffering from a head wound—was disoriented in the video by the bright lights and was grasping the umbrella like it would a piece of bamboo from its native habitat. Nekaris requested that YouTube remove the videos, but the UK-based newspaper, "The Independent", reported that YouTube declined to comment on the slow loris videos.
Even within their countries of origin, slow lorises are very popular exotic pets. Indonesian species are mostly sold as pets, despite myths about their magical and curative properties. They are seen as a "living toy" for children by local people or are bought out of pity by Western tourists or expatriates. Neither local nor foreign buyers usually know anything about these primates, their endangered status, or that the trade is illegal. During the late 2000s, Sunda slow lorises were regularly sold throughout the Medan bird market in North Sumatra. According to 59 monthly surveys and interviews with local traders, nearly a thousand locally sourced slow lorises exchanged hands in the market. During the surveys, between 15 and 45 slow lorises were seen around the market.
International trade usually results in a high mortality rate during transit, between 30% and 90%. Slow lorises also experience many health problems as a result of both local and international trade. To give the impression that the primates are tame and appropriate pets for children, to protect people from their potentially toxic bite, or to deceive buyers into thinking the animal is a baby, animal dealers either pull the front teeth with pliers or wire cutters or they cut them off with nail cutters. This results in severe bleeding, which sometimes causes shock or death, and frequently leads to dental infection, which is fatal in 90% of all cases. Without their teeth, the animals are no longer able to fend for themselves in the wild, and must remain in captivity for life. The slow lorises found in animal markets are usually underweight and malnourished, and have had their fur dyed, which complicates species identification at rescue centers. As many as 95% of the slow lorises rescued from the markets die of dental infection or improper care.
As part of the trade, infants are pulled prematurely from their parents, leaving them unable to remove their own urine, feces, and oily skin secretions from their fur. Slow lorises have a special network of blood vessels in their hands and feet, which makes them vulnerable to cuts when pulled from the wire cages they are kept in. Slow lorises are also very stress-sensitive and do not do well in captivity. Infection, stress, pneumonia, and poor nutrition lead to high death rates among pet lorises. The diets of wild slow lorises are poorly understood. Signs of an inappropriate diet in captivity include tooth decay, diabetes, obesity, and kidney failure. Pet owners also fail to provide proper care because they are often sleeping when the nocturnal pet is normally awake.
International trade and smuggling.
One of the first cases of slow loris smuggling was documented by the International Primate Protection League (IPPL) in November 1974. The California Department of Fish and Game in San Francisco found 15 slow lorises in a bag labeled "spitting cobras" in a shipment from Thailand that also contained snakes, tortoises, and otters. Because of mistakes and inconsistencies in the order, it was unclear whether the receiving wildlife company was a target of a hoax or whether it had attempted to conceal the shipment.
Since the late 1990s, both high demand and resulting high prices have fueled increased smuggling of slow lorises to Japan. Although pet shop employees declare that their slow lorises are captive-bred, the advertisements on the pet store websites indicate that their stocks come from Java, Sumatra, or China. New arrivals to the stores are also variable in size and age, which has further led the JWCS to suspect the slow lorises are imported illegally. Official, legal trade of slow lorises prior to CITES Appendix I coverage (from 1998 to 2006) was limited to just ten Sunda slow lorises from Malaysia and Myanmar. A review of 24 surveys covering wildlife trade between 1990 and 2006 demonstrated 228 slow lorises were known to have been traded unofficially each year and had come from Cambodia, Indonesia, Vietnam, and Laos. The major trade hubs were Jakarta, Medan, Singapore and Bangkok. Numerous illegal trade routes for each species were also documented prior to the 2007 CITES vote over Appendix I coverage in the "Notification to Parties" publication.
A report in 2010 by Nekaris "et al". reported that Laos, Cambodia, and Thailand were the primary exporters of slow lorises, with Singapore and Malaysia also involved. China and Indonesia were also known for international trade, although their local trade was more significant. Slow loris parts were typically exported from Thailand and Cambodia, but Malaysia and Singapore primarily exported live animals. The most noteworthy importer was Japan, followed by the United States and then the European Union. More than half of 400 illegal imports were live animals (238), while the rest were either body parts (122) or unspecified (40).
In Japan alone, 39 confiscations including 363 live animals were made between 1998 and 2006, with 2006 being the peak year. During the same time period, Thai, Indonesian, and Singaporean officials discovered 358 lorises destined for Japan. Details of several confiscations from smuggling attempts between Thailand and Japan have been reported by the IPPL, including one event on 2 May 2007, where 40 slow lorises were confiscated at Narita Airport only a month before the CITES conference that elevated the slow loris status to Appendix I. Twelve of those animals died. The deaths are not unusual, with a mortality rate of 76% for all species of confiscated slow lorises, many dying before they are transferred to zoos. The JWCS suspects that the high mortality rate among smuggled slow lorises causes traders to smuggle more slow lorises than are needed to supply the market.
In Japan, enforcement is not considered very strict since only 23% of smugglers (9 out of 39 cases) were officially charged between 1998 and 2006. Instead, most only received fines. Based on reports taken from Kyodo News, the JWCS concluded that the primary concern of Customs officials was the prevention of infectious diseases, such as Ebola. Slow lorises are sometimes mixed in with other trade-restricted species, such as reptiles, and since confiscations target high-profile species, it is likely that the international smuggling numbers are "just the tip of the iceberg." Making detection even more difficult, slow lorises can easily be hidden in suitcases since they tend to instinctively curl up and remain quiet when startled.
Conservation efforts.
Surveys are needed to determine existing population densities and habitat viability for all species of slow loris. Connectivity between protected areas is important for slow lorises because they are not adapted to dispersing across the ground over large distances. For successful reintroductions, connectivity between sites with low population density is considered ideal. Protected area extensions are also needed in Borneo, Java, and Sumatra.
Despite being included in CITES Appendix I protection and covered by local conservation laws, slow lorises are still threatened by both local and international trade because of problems with enforcement. The continued illegal trade in wildlife has seriously jeopardized both the success and the future of a investment program by the World Bank for East and Southeast Asia biodiversity. In 2008, training workshops for enforcement officials and rescue center personnel were held in Singapore to help teach slow loris identification, conservation status, and husbandry. Surveys prior to the training showed 87% of the trainees could not identify slow loris species, but the one-day workshops had a significant impact.
Rehabilitation is available to some confiscated slow lorises. Organizations such as the International Animal Rescue (IAR) run sanctuaries that offer lifelong care to slow lorises that have had their teeth removed, while also providing education and awareness programs to local people to help end domestic trade. By collaborating with authorities, healthy slow lorises are released back into the wild. However, identification is critical because authorities still manage all slow lorises as if they were from one species, resulting in species being released into the wrong locations and increasing confusion in taxonomy and conservation.
Populations of slow loris species, such as the Bengal and Sunda slow loris, are not faring well in zoos. In 2011, the International Species Information System (ISIS) had only 11 and 53 specimens (respectively) on file from reporting zoos worldwide. In North American zoos, for instance, several of the 29 captive specimens in 2008 were hybrids that could not breed while most were past their reproductive years, and the last captive birth was in 2001 at the San Diego Zoo. Only three Javan slow lorises were kept in zoos in 2011 according to ISIS. Pygmy slow lorises are doing better, with 100 specimens reported from zoos worldwide in 2011. In North American zoos, for instance, the population has grown to 74 animals between the time they were imported in the late 1980s and 2008, with most of them born at the San Diego Zoo.
The San Diego Zoo has also written husbandry manuals for slow lorises, promoted public awareness, conducted field surveys, and supported slow loris rescue facilities. The Vietnamese postal service recognized slow lorises on a postage stamp by using a picture of a Bengal slow loris and her infant published by the San Diego Zoo in February 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="30980413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980413" title="Fortress of War">
Fortress of War

Fortress of War (; translit. Brestskaia krepost; festival title: The Brest Fortress) is a 2010 Russian war film.
It recounts the events surrounding the June 1941 Defense of Brest Fortress against invading Wehrmacht forces in the opening stages of Operation Barbarossa, Nazi Germany's invasion of the Soviet Union during World War II. The movie is accompanied by "in medias res" narration from the perspective of (then) 15-year old Sasha Akimov, and mainly centers on three resistance zones holding out against the protracted German siege, headed by regiment commander Pyotr Gavrilov, the political commissar Yefim Fomin, and the head of the 9th Frontier Outpost, Andrey Mitrofanovich Kizhevatov.
The plot follows the events as closely to historical fact as possible, and the Brest Fortress Museum supervised the plot thoroughly.
Plot.
The film opens on Saturday, June 21, 1941. Sasha Akimov, a 15-year-old musician, and his older brother, Alexander, whose parents were killed in the Spanish Civil War, are serving with the Red Army at the Brest Fortress. Elsewhere, a commissar, Yefim Fomin, discovers he is unable to bring his family to Brest due to a shortage of train tickets. Another officer, Gavrilov, continues to express concern of the readiness of the fort's defenses should an attack come, despite warnings from his friend, Vanshtein, about his statements regarding an imminent war with Germany. That evening, the fortress loses power due to German commandoes.
The next morning, at 3:58, German forces invade the Soviet Union. The fortress is subjected to heavy bombardment by German artillery and aircraft, killing many Soviet soldiers and civilians. At 6:30, German infantry attack the fortress capturing hospital staff and patients many of whom they kill. Fomin takes command of the defenders around the Holmsky gate, while Gavirilov rallies the defenders around the Eastern Fort. Elsewhere, NKVD border guards under command of a Soviet Lieutenant, Kizhevatov, repel a German sortie into the fortress, and Vanshtein thwarts a German commando's attempt to undermine the defense of the 132nd NKVD battalion's barracks. As the siege commences, Sasha finds himself stranded in one of the barracks. During the fighting for the East Fort, Alexander Akimov is killed while taking out two Panzer IIIs with an anti-tank gun, helping Gavrilov repel a German attack.
By the end of June 22, the Soviet defenders are divided into groups: One force under Fomin defending the Holmsky gates, a second force under Gavrilov defending the Eastern Redoubt, while Kizhevatov defends the 9th Frontier outpost, along with a group of civilians, and Vanshtein holds on to the barracks of the 132nd NKVD battalion. The next day, fighting continues for the fortress, and Sasha makes it to the Holmsky gates. An I-16 is shot down over the fortress, and the pilot is rescued by Fomin's men. After revealing that the Red Army is retreating toward Minsk, Fomin realizes that the men must leave the fortress or die.
On June 24, Sasha leaves the Holmsky gates to alert the other pockets about Fomin's plan for a breakout. While Sasha find's the 132nd's position overrun, and Vanshtein himself dead, he manages to deliver the message to Kizhevatov and Gavrilov. That night, a breakout is attempted by all three remaining groups, but is driven back under heavy losses by the Germans. The next morning, realizing he can't properly defend them, Kizhevatov reluctantly orders the surviving civilians (including his own wife and daughter, and also Sasha) to vacate the fortress during a cease-fire.
On June 26, the Germans drop a two-ton bomb on the fortress, causing massive damage. The Germans quickly move to eradicate the surviving pockets. The defenders at Holmsky gate are forced to surrender, and Fomin is immediately executed by the Germans. Gavrilov orders his remaining men to attempt to break out individually. Kizhevatov and his surviving men manage to regroup in the barracks; Sasha returns to meet them there. After ordering Sasha to take the regimental colors and remember the truth about the defenders, Kizhevatov takes a machine gun to cover his men while they attempt a breakout. The breakout fails, and the remaining defenders, including Kizhevatov are killed. Sasha, however, manages to escape.
It is later revealed that Gavrilov was captured on July 23, 1941, but survived captivity. Kizhevatov and Gavrilov were also declared Heroes of the Soviet Union, while Fomin is decorated with the Order of Lenin.
Production.
The film's score was composed by Yuri Krasavin.

</doc>
<doc id="30980467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980467" title="Monique Alvarez">
Monique Alvarez

Monique Nicole Alvarez is an American multicultural film and television actress born in 1986 of Colombian and Cuban descent. She's acted in films and theater directed by Oscar-winning director David Frankel, Tony-winning Mark Medoff, and Oscar-nominated Burt Reynolds. Recently noted as the lead in Chase Bank's national ads and host of the newest television pilot developed at mun2, "From Beyond" which was successfully turned into a television series on NBC. Some films she starred in are currently in the festival circuit. As part of the Creative Coalition's Art & Soul project, she was photographed by Pulitzer-prize winning photographer, Brian Smith in Los Angeles. She currently works and lives in Los Angeles, CA.
Earlier Life.
Monique was born and raised in Miami, Florida, the daughter of Fatima and Richard Alvarez, a lead cardiovascular technician; she has a brother and sister. She began acting by the age of four entertaining family and friends as Madonna. She acted in school plays and talent shows and started her own theater group where her performance earned her first film role in a local independent movie. Prior to graduating high school, an inductee in the Trojan Hall of Fame, Monique acted in a film directed by Oscar-winning David Frankel and won best actress in South Florida's theater competition along with an invitation from 14 universities to attend their theater programs. At Florida State University, she majored in theater and communication and earned a theater scholarship to train in London, UK. During this time, she trained with Olivier-winning Clare Higgins, Olivier-nominated playwright Mark Wheatley and Shakespeare & Company with Tina Packer where Bill Murray, Sigourney Weaver, Raquel Welch and Keanu Reeves attended. She was discovered by Burt Reynolds in Florida when he directed her in an award-winning short film. She embarked from FSU, an inductee into the University's Hall of Fame and made her way to Los Angeles, CA.
Activism.
She currently serves as on the Advisory Board of PARK Project, a non-profit organization spearheaded by Starmar events whose grass-roots effort encourages people to 'perform acts of random kindness.' A supporter of VDAY, she performed in the Vagina Monologues for three consecutive years as part of the national campaign to stop violence against women. While at FSU, Monique co-founded FSUnited, an initiative inspired by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and educator Ernest Boyer that was endorsed by the university with the aim to unite students and groups, faculty, staff and the city through activism, inclusion and engagement to build "one community". This initiative, co-founded with Dr. Timothy Quinnan and the Department of Student Affairs is now spreading to other universities. Prior to graduating, she was inducted into the FSUnited Hall of Fame. A supporter of blood donations, she rallied students to donate the highest volume of pints of blood the city recorded in over a decade while in high school. She went on to work for the American Red Cross Blood Services in LA while supporting herself at the onset of her acting career. In college, she was the co-chair of the FSU & City of Tallahassee "MLK Day," continuing the work of Martin Luther King, Jr., for three consecutive years with her focus on presenting a Mentorship Program between students and the city's youth.

</doc>
<doc id="30980497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980497" title="Dierbergs Markets">
Dierbergs Markets

Dierbergs is a supermarket chain based in Chesterfield, Missouri that, along with Schnucks, dominates the St. Louis grocery marketplace. Operating 25 stores in both Missouri and Illinois, the company can trace its history back to 1854, when a general merchant exchange opened on Olive Street Road, slightly east of where Interstate 270 crosses Olive today.
It has more than 5,000 employees, making it one of the top 25 largest employers in the St. Louis area.
Dierberg's Florist & Gifts ranks as the number one FTD florist in St. Louis, number one in Missouri and number nine out of 20,000 FTD florists throughout the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="30980525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980525" title="List of tallest buildings in Darwin">
List of tallest buildings in Darwin

This list of tallest buildings in Darwin ranks skyscrapers in the Australian city of Darwin by height to the highest architectural detail. This ranking system, created by the US-based Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat includes the height to a spire but not to an antenna. The tallest building in Darwin is the 33-storey Evolution on Gardiner at , completed in 2008. It also stands as the tallest building in Northern Territory. Currently, Chinatown Tower is on-hold at and 25 floors.
Projects.
This is a list of the tallest buildings under construction, approved or proposed.
References.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="30980547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980547" title="Phaius pictus">
Phaius pictus

Phais pictus, or forest swamp orchid, is a vulnerable rainforest terrestrial orchid of the genus "Phaius". It is found from 0-600 metres in a relatively small restricted area in the McIlwraith Range, and from the Bloomfield River to the Kirrama Range, in Far North Queensland, Australia. The type specimen was collected from Bellenden Ker Range in Queensland.
Description.
It flowers from April to June. The stems are 5 to 6 mm above ground, cylindrical to angular. The pleated leaves are broad and the flowers are yellow outside and brick red internally.
Range and habitat.
It is very localised and restricted to rainforest regions, preferring humid sheltered sites close to streams or areas of seepage, or among boulders and forest litter. 
Status.
Listed as vulnerable by the Australian Commonwealth EPBC Act Listing Status.

</doc>
<doc id="30980553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980553" title="Data Access in Real Time">
Data Access in Real Time

Data Access in Real Time (DART) is a Real-time operating system used by EMC Celerra. It is a modified UNIX Kernel with additional functionality.
DART is an embedded, real-time, operating system comprising a modified UNIX kernel and dedicated file server software that together transfer files and multimedia data across a network using a variety of network protocols.
In Summary.
DART file server software executes entirely in the kernel—a real-time kernel, the design of which is based on monotonic scheduling. The DART kernel environment is not a generic user-application environment. Instead, the DART kernel provides a run-time environment for the file service; an embedded, dedicated application. The DART file server software is linked with the kernel into a single system image that is loaded for execution at boot time.
The DART Software Architecture.
DART is organized into seven layers. These layers handle all the data movement in DART, and all functionality in DART is directed at implementing the processes contained in these layers. Starting with the layer closest to the hardware and ending with the layer closest to the user interface, DART’s functionality is organized as follows :
Layers 1 – 4 comprise functions performed within the kernel. The programmer typically uses components limited to the higher numbered layers (5 and 6) to add data moving applications. 
DART’s RPC framework component provides both client and server facilities, which are implemented over STREAMS, not sockets. DART acts as an RPC server in the context of NFS, and as an RPC client in the context of NIS.
DART External environment. The DART is designed to provide rapid data movement and information sharing across a variety of hardware platforms in a networked environment. All data transfers are either request-response (pull-type for file transfers) or streaming (push-type for multimedia data) with time-sharing, real-time, or isochronous characteristics.
RPC on DART.
Two types of RPC are implemented on DART: traditional RPC, and ONC RPC. Due to DART’s multi-threaded architecture, traditional RPC has been implemented on DART with several modifications. For example, on a SUN OS, the RPC code generator, RPCGEN, assumes a single-threaded UNIX process that calls into the library directly. However, DART doesn’t have UNIX processes; but instead uses true multi-threading—that is, n threads pick up RPC messages as they come in. Therefore, when using traditional RPC in DART, an application must perform such functions as registering with the portmapper and extracting credentials and other security information from the message (or checking security without extracting).
Most of the responsibility falls on the application developer—thread creation, initialization, end point creation, initial create main loop, processing stream, reading message, and so on. The Collector, a general synchronizer (not particular to RPC) needs to be declared, whereas in ONCRPC, the collector is built in.
In addition, traditional RPC has a basic structure for receiving the message, but then the application developer must take it apart by means of xdr format and analyze it. In addition, the client-side is not fully implemented. Finally, while RPC is primarily a synchronous protocol, it is used asynchronously in DART in conjunction with mutexes, condition variables, and other types of locks. 
DART implements RPC over both the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) and the Transport Control Protocol (TCP). Each application has a single UDP stream and one TCP stream per connection, with the common IP module acting as a multiplexer.

</doc>
<doc id="30980562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980562" title="Isis River Bridge">
Isis River Bridge

The Isis River Bridge is a road bridge over the Isis River south of Childers, Queensland, Australia.
The bridge was built on a new and improved alignment of the Bruce Highway. It replaced the 54-year-old bridge which was prone to flooding. The new bridge will improve flood immunity as it is almost seven metres higher than the old bridge. 
The new bridge, constructed by Seymour Whyte, opened to traffic on 12 August 2011. The old bridge was demolished on completion of the project in late September 2011.
The project was jointly funded by the Australian and Queensland Governments.

</doc>
