<doc id="30937152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937152" title="United Football League (Philippines)">
United Football League (Philippines)

The United Football League, commonly known as the UFL, is an association football league based in the National Capital Region of the Philippines, governed by the Football Alliance (FA) in partnership with United Football Clubs Association (UFCA). It is the Philippines' primary football league. To avoid the country's rainy season, the tournament is usually played from January to June each year.
The league started as semi-professional tournament in 2009. Since then, it has been described as a thriving football league, organized by former football players and aficionados. At present, it is organized by the Football Alliance, whose long-term goal is the continued development of football in the Philippines through a premier league.
Since the UFL first started, three clubs have been crowned league champions: Philippine Air Force (2), Global (2), and Stallion (1). The current champions are Global, which won the title in the 2014 season.
Competition format.
The league is composed of two divisions, both with 10 clubs playing a double round-robin format. Like most football leagues around the world, it adopts the standard point system wherein match winners receive three points and losers get none. Each club receives a point, on the other hand, if the match ends in a draw. For teams that are level in points, the following tie-breakers are applied:
Starting the 2013 UFL season, a new promotion-relegation system will be adopted by the league. The club that finishes second in Division 2 will also have a chance to be promoted via a two-legged aggregate-goal playoff against the ninth-place team in Division 1, similar to the system used in the Bundesliga.
Qualification for Asian competitions.
In January 2013, Global FC chairman Dan Palami posted a picture via Twitter of the letter of approval from Asian Football Confederation general secretary Dato Alex Soosay of his club's participation to the 2013 AFC President's Cup, which will be held from 2 to 12 May 2013 for the group stage. The team's participation marks the first time that the UFL and the Philippines will be sending a team in the cup to compete against clubs such as Taiwan Power Company, Hilal Al-Quds, and FC Dordoi Bishkek, to name a few. Global qualified and was chosen to represent the country after winning the league title in the 2012 UFL season.
In April 2013, the ASEAN Football Federation announced the creation of the ASEAN Super League, which would be an annual international association football competition between domestic clubs sides run by the AFF that would kick off in 2015.
For the 2014 AFC President's Cup, instead of the UFL, the PFF–Smart National Club Championship served as the qualifiers for the Philippines' representative. Ceres, the 2013 PFF–Smart National Club Championship champions, will represent the country in the 2014 edition of the tournament.
History.
Origins and foundation.
In September 2009, with the aim of reviving the interest of Filipinos in the sport, the Football Alliance, composed of Santi Araneta, Randy Roxas, Phil Hagedorn, Javier Mantecon, Dong Longa, Mike Camahort, Monchu Garcia, and Christopher Hagedorn, discussed the possibility of creating a football league in the Philippines. At the time, the Filipino Premier League, the country's top level football league governed by the Philippine Football Federation, has already been discontinued after its inaugural season. But instead of creating a whole system and competition, the United Football Clubs Association agreed to partner with the Football Alliance in operating the United Football League, which was then a semi-professional league.
Sponsorship.
Since its inception, the United Football League has received corporate sponsorship. After air cargo delivery service company LBC Express Inc. committed as its principal sponsor in October 2009, the league kicked off as a premier tournament composed of several football teams around the nation.
Corporate backing.
The first season of the United Football League, officially named then as LBC United Football League for sponsorship reasons, was made possible with the aid of several local companies including the following:
Founding members.
The inaugural year of the league was held in 2010, and was originally composed of 16 local clubs. The 16 founding teams of the league were Philippine Air Force, Kaya, Union Manila, Loyola Agila, Philippine Army, Philippine Navy, Green Archers United, Mendiola United, Global, Manila Nomads, Mama Africa FC, United South FC, Sunken Garden United, Manila Lions, Japan, and Diliman.
Expansion year.
After the end of 2011 United Football League season, AKTV Network became the new TV partner with the signing of a P150 million (~$3.4 million), 5-year deal with two live matches every week. Seven new clubs also entered the league after the successful third season of United Football Cup. Agila FC, Cebu Queen City, Diliman, Forza FC, Laos FC, Pachanga and Team Socceroo are distributed in the UFL Division 2, which started on 14 January 2012. Three clubs from the second division were also promoted to UFL Division 1, namely: Nomads, Pasargad, and Stallion FC.
In December 2011, UFL president Randy Roxas said that they have entered into discussions with the Philippine Football Federation regarding the possibility of sending the league champions to the AFC President's Cup, a third-tier club competition that is run by the Asian Football Confederation. In addition, it was also reported in 16 February 2013 that Pasargad would be the lone representative of the league and the Philippines in the 2013 AFC Futsal Club Championship qualifiers.
In April 2012, the United Football League struck a deal to use the artificial pitch that will be constructed by real estate giant Megaworld Corporation at McKinley Hill in Taguig City. The field will be known as the McKinley Hill Football Field. Work on the football field is targeted to be completed by September just in time for the start of the new season in October. This will be followed by the construction of a grandstand that can accommodate 2,000 people which they aim to finish by middle of 2013.
Further development.
UFL president Randy Roxas announced in December 2012 the completion of the McKinley Hill football field in Fort Bonifacio, Taguig. According to Roxas, the $1-million artificial pitch will be the new home of the league starting the 2013 UFL season. The field was built in partnership with Megaworld Corporation, and is said to be up to FIFA standards. The first two weeks of the tournament, which includes the opening games scheduled on 5 February 2013, will still be played at the Rizal Memorial Football Stadium, but most of the matches of the league will be played at the newly constructed artificial pitch after Chinese New Year. The league started to use the facility, dubbed Emperador Stadium, in 9 February 2013. The first league game in the stadium, Dolphins United versus Cebu Queen City United, got cancelled as the latter forfeited the match. The second match slated for the same day, Philippine Air Force against Nomads FC, became the first official league game in the stadium. Nomads FC won, 1–0, against Philippine Air Force.
In an effort to hold matches outside Metro Manila, United Football League marketing manager Coco Torre confirmed in 30 January 2013 that the league is discussing with its broadcast partner, AKTV, the possibility of staging a few games in the provinces. UFL assistant technical director Ritchie Gannaban further explained the possibility of staging at least two provincial matches during the second round of the tournament, which could be either played at the Cebu City Sports Complex, Cebu City or at Panaad Stadium, Bacolod City.
In cooperation with the Philippine Football Federation, the league directed its referees to undergo a training module to better their decision making and player management. The training was facilitated by Football Association of Singapore committee member Augustine Arlando, a former FIFA match official, and Football Association national referee tutor Dave Roberts.
Seasons.
The regular season of the United Football League is composed of two competitions, namely: the United Football Cup, a knockout-tournament that allows clubs to participate regardless of their division, and the league, which are separate round-robin tournaments for clubs in the first division and second division.
The association football season in the Philippines is from November to July, the driest months of the year. The UFL has a similar season schedule as the Philippine Basketball Association, with two competitions following one after the other: the cup competition and the league competition. The cup competition runs from November to December, while the league runs from January to July. Therefore, the two competitions in a season happen in separate calendar years:
Note: The 2009 UFL Cup was created to determine the composition of teams that will be playing in the league.
Current clubs by division.
The following clubs will be competing in the United Football League 2015 season based on the recently concluded 2014 season:
UFL Division 2.
The United Football League Division 2, often referred to as UFL Division 2, is the second-highest division overall in the football league system in the Philippines. The second division was introduced for the 2010–11 season. The winner of the UFL Division 2 gets an automatic promotion to the league's first division while the second placer will go against the ninth placer of division one in a two legged playoff for a slot in the first division the next season. Manila Nomads won the first-ever UFL Division 2 title, and the club was promoted to the UFL Division 1 the following season along with season runner-up Stallion FC and third placer Pasargad.
During the 2012 UFL season, Pachanga was crowned the UFL Division 2 champion. The club finished at the top of the second division, which secured the team's promotion to the UFL Division 1. Freddy Gonzalez, Pachanga FC's resident striker, was awarded the golden boot of the UFL Division 2 for the 2012 season. Thus, Pachanga replaced the relegated Navy in the first division.
Further, the UFL Division 2 kicked off its first match between Dolphins United and Cebu Queen City United on February 9, 2013 at the Emperador Stadium, but Cebu Queen City United did not show up in the game time. On March 1, 2013, the UFL management has officially ruled out Cebu Queen City United from participating after the club apparently withdrawn when the club’s request for home games was turned down by the league.
For the 2014 UFL season, relegated Philippine Air Force will be replaced by Team Socceroo, the champions of the 2013 UFL Division 2.
Expansion year.
At the start of the 2012 UFL season, the UFL Division 2 has been expanded to 12 football clubs. Most of the matches for the second division were held at the Turf@BGC, a venue with an artificial football pitch located at Fort Bonifacio, Taguig City.
For the 2014 UFL season, the Manila Nomads voluntarily stepped down from the first division to play in Division 2 due to the club's inability to comply with Division 1's foreigner cap rule. This rule dictates that there should be a minimum of six Filipino players on the pitch at all times. In addition, Manila Jeepney and Ceres made therr debut at the league's second division during the same season.
Note: The two bottom-placed teams will be removed from the league to give way for other teams a chance to compete, although they may qualify for the 2013 UFL Cup.
Foreign players.
Foreign football players who have played for United Football League clubs include the following:
UFL Football Alliance Cup.
The United Football League Football Alliance Cup, also known as the UFL FA Cup. In 21 June 2012, UFL officials announced that it will introduce a new tournament to its calendar around May of the 2013 United Football League season. Originally, the UFL Super Cup was supposed to feature 10 teams from the UFL Division 1 and the top six clubs from its second division. A maximum of five foreign players would be allowed for each club during the inaugural tournament, and this number would be reduced to four players the succeeding years.
In 22 April 2014, it was officially announced that the planned UFL Super Cup will commence after the 2013 UFL season, and will be held annually after the end of each league competition. As for its participants, the top six clubs of the first division will compete in this knockout tournament. UFL president Randy Roxas said that the Super Cup was supposed to include foreign teams competing against the league and cup champions. However, he explained that inviting foreign teams became too expensive. The league champion and runner-up will receive byes to the cup's semi-finals, while the other four clubs will compete in two-legged knockout games.
United Football League Cup.
The United Football League Cup, also known as the UFL Cup, is an association football competition in the Philippines that runs from mid-October to mid-December. The cup is a single-elimination tournament where clubs from both divisions of the United Football League are eligible to compete. In addition, the competition is also open to local clubs in the country that have passed the requirements set by the Football Alliance.
The UFL Cup was first held on October 2009, sanctioned by the National Capital Region Football Association (NCRFA) and the Philippine Football Federation (PFF). The cup was formed to determine the distribution of clubs over the Divisions 1 and 2 of United Football League in its inaugural season. Clubs were divided into four groups of four, the top two finishers of each group after single round-robin elimination qualified for quarterfinals (for division one) and the bottom 2 battles for Plate Competition (for division two).
Top goal scorers.
After defeating Loyola Meralco Sparks in the finals, Philippine Air Force were crowned the 2011 UFL Cup champions. For the 2012 edition of the cup, 28 clubs would compete into four groups of five and in two stages. Clubs from the UFL Division 2, along with other guest teams, would comprise the first stage of the cup. Teams from the UFL Division 1, on the other hand, would be included in the second stage. Afterwards, the top 10 clubs would move on to the knockout stage of the 2013 PFF National Men's Club Championship.
Venues.
Primary venues used in the United Football League:
Most football clubs of the UFL use the 4,500 capacity Mckinley Hill Football Field as their main stadium. Manila Nomads FC's home field, dubbed "Nomads Field," is in Parañaque.
Golden ball award.
The UFL Golden Ball Award is the league's equivalent for the Most Valuable Player award. The award has been given since the 2012 season after the league's expansion to two divisions. Spanish–Filipino footballer Carli de Murga of Global was awarded the first Golden Ball for the first division. Freddy Gonzalez of Pachanga, on the other hand, won it the same year for the second division.

</doc>
<doc id="30937166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937166" title="Tomoaki Matsukawa">
Tomoaki Matsukawa

Tomoaki Matsukawa (松川 友明, born April 18, 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30937173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937173" title="Roy Crumpler">
Roy Crumpler

Roy Maxton Crumpler (July 8, 1896 – October 6, 1969) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Detroit Tigers and Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="30937175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937175" title="Andrew Moore (historian)">
Andrew Moore (historian)

Dr Andrew Moore is an Australian historian and academic, a specialist in Australian right-wing politics. He has taught at the University of Sydney, The University of New South Wales, England's University of Lincoln and the University of Western Sydney. His areas of expertise include Twentieth Century Australian History, Irish-Australian history and social history of sport, especially rugby league football. In 1999 he gave the inaugural Tom Brock Lecture.
Moore is a leading expert on both the New Guard and the Old Guard. 

</doc>
<doc id="30937179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937179" title="Kate McIlroy">
Kate McIlroy

Kate McIlroy (born 26 August 1981) is a New Zealand triathlete and former runner. She won the World Mountain Running title in 2005 and was named New Zealand Sportswoman of the Year at the 2006 Halberg awards.
She is the national women's record holder for the 3000 metre steeplechase with a time of 9:32.54 set in Heusden, Belgium during 2006.
McIlroy converted to track in a bid to compete at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, but sustained a leg injury and was unable recover in time.
She started competing in triathlons at the end of 2008. In 2012, she was selected to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the triathlon, where she finished in 10th place.

</doc>
<doc id="30937190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937190" title="Silver Standard Resources">
Silver Standard Resources

Silver Standard Resources is a Vancouver-based mining company with assets throughout the Americas. It is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX: SSO) and on the NASDAQ Global Market (NASDAQ: SSRI). The Company owns and operates the Pirquitas mine in Jujuy, Argentina, which is one of the largest primary silver mines in the world. Pirquitas achieved commercial production in December 2009. In 2012, the mine produced 8.6 million ounces of silver, exceeding production guidance for the year, and is expected to produce up to 8.5 million ounces of silver in 2013. Silver Standard also has two wholly owned feasibility stage projects, Pitarrilla in Mexico and San Luis in Peru.
On July 12, 2005, Silver Standard Resources Inc. reported the remaining outstanding drilling results from the Berenguela project located five kilometers east of Santa Lucia on the altiplano of southern Peru.
Pirquitas Mine.
The Pirquitas Mine is a 100% owned property located in the Province of Jujuy, northern Argentina. It is positioned at an elevation of 4,100 meters above sea level and is accessible by all-weather roads. The mine achieved commercial production on December 1, 2009. It is an open-pit mine utilizing a fleet of 100-tonne trucks and three loading units. Ore is crushed and treated in a gravity pre-concentrator prior to the processing in a conventional mineral flotation plant. The silver and zinc concentrates produced from the plant are shipped to third party smelters.
Other Projects.
Pitarrilla
The Pitarrilla Project is a 100% owned grassroots discovery made by Silver Standard in 2002, located approximately 160 kilometres north-northwest of the city of Durango within the State of Durango, Mexico. A paved roadway extends to within 47 kilometres of the plant site. Pitarrilla is a silver, lead, and zinc project, which will consist of a large open-pit mainly recovering oxidized ores in the early years of production and then predominantly sulphide ores from the deeper parts of the deposit.
San Luis
San Luis is a 100% owned project, located in the Ancash Department, central Peru. The Company acquired the remaining interest in the Project, held by joint venture partner Esperanza Resources Corp., in the third quarter of 2011. The San Luis Project is centered on a high-grade, gold-silver vein, the Ayelén Vein, which was discovered in 2005. The Project is approximately 25 kilometers northwest of Barrick Gold Corporation's Pierina gold mine.
Marigold
In February 2014, it was announced that Silver Standard will purchase the Marigold mine, located in Nevada, approximately 64 kilometers southeast the town of Winnemucca. The mine is currently jointly owned by Vancouver-based Goldcorp Inc. and Toronto-based Barrick Gold Corporation. Goldcorp is the operator of the mine with a 66.7% ownership stake, while Barrick owns the other 33.3%. Both companies released statements with the announcement saying that the reason for the sale is to strengthen their companies respective portfolios and to focus on their "core assets". The deal, which is expected to close by April 2014, is reported to be for $275 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="30937200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937200" title="Locker (film)">
Locker (film)

Locker is an Australian short film which follows the emotional journey of a teenager suffering depression and loss.
Synopsis.
Faced with the recent loss of his mother, a father who is not coping and has become aggressive towards him, a difficult time at school, and a younger brother who doesn’t understand, Tim Kelly (Lincoln Younes) has become confused, lonely and withdrawn.
Forced to reconsider the path before him, Tim cleans out his locker and leaves school, and looks set to leave home and maybe take a further tragic step.
Through jumps in time we reveal the series of events that lead to Tim’s decision, and how Tim is saved from his destructive path by the unspoken love of his brother and father, and help from another troubled boy who ultimately becomes a friend.
Production.
Locker stars "Lincoln Younes", "Josh Geary", Jeremy Kewley, Billy Pope, "Meg Whittaker" and Braydn Michael. It was produced by Michael and co-Directed by Michael and Jonathan Burton for Young Blaze Films. It was financed by the Youth Foundations Victoria in Association with Geelong Community Telco and Geelong Central Rotary. It was distributed by Video Education Australasia Pty Ltd and released on 15 September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30937211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937211" title="Ottawa District Badminton Association">
Ottawa District Badminton Association

The Ottawa and District Badminton Association (ODBA) is a group of Badminton clubs from Deep River, Brockville, Cornwall, Ottawa, Kanata, Carleton Place, Gloucester, Nepean, Pembroke, Orleans, Rockland, Petawawa, and Renfrew who are mutually interested in the sport of badminton and the promotion and enjoyment of the sport for their members via activities & contacts outside the scope of their home club.
General.
The ultimate goal for this non-profit organization is to promote the sport of badminton through awareness programs, grass-roots programs, tournaments, ranking systems monitored by ODBA, drop-in programs, and equipment discount programs. The O.D.B.A. is a member of: Badminton Ontario and Badminton Canada, and is supported by the Ontario Ministry of Culture, Tourism, and Recreation.
Sponsorship Program.
One of the ODBA objectives is to foster and promote the sport of badminton. As such, the ODBA Board is committed to supporting recreational and competitive badminton activities to maintain the current base of participants and to grow the sport within the Ottawa and District region. This includes adult and junior players of all calibres, from beginners considering to take up the sport, to intermediate players looking to improve their skills, to the national level players training at the High Performance Training Centre.
History.
The Ottawa District Badminton Association came into being Friday January 10, 1930 when a meeting of 11 of the regional clubs met to form a governing body to control local badminton affairs. The clubs represented at this historical meeting were:
+ Actual founding clubs with the formal acceptance of their membership requests by the first elected executive of the ODBA.
The first chairman selected to oversee the start of the new ODBA was H.S. Southam with Guy S. Macfarlane selected as secretary. A special follow up meeting January 23, 1930 saw the first ODBA executive elected by the clubs:
Costs for the clubs to join ODBA in 1930 were:
In the early days of ODBA the Badminton Club of Ottawa was far and away the strongest club in the region being the holders of all the major club trophies of the time and with national champions of the day as members
Through the 1930s the ODBA has several national champions playing out of the Badminton Club of Ottawa
In the 1930s ODBA was recognized as one of the leading badminton centers in Canada and on 2 occasions hosted the Canadian Badminton Championships (1930 and 1935)
During the 1940’ the sport of badminton suffered a severe downturn and ODBA was no different. ODBA in effect ceased to exist until 1955 when Dave Waddell put a lot of effort into reviving the sport of badminton in the region and again getting ODBA up and running.
After the war years the clubs that made up ODBA now became:
By the end of the decade the 1959 ODBA championships had 133 entries and had to play the event over 5 days - badminton was back in the ODBA
The 1960s saw a slow but steady growth of the ODBA with one major addition, the RA Badminton Club, joining the ODBA by the end of the 1960 there were just under 20 club’s belonging to the ODBA
The 1970s saw continued growth and led by the Commerce Badminton Club and the RA Badminton Club the level of badminton in the region was again on the rise. In 1979 RA Badminton Club member John Czich won the Canadian Men’s Singles - the first title for the region since 1936.
The late 70’s and early 1980s saw the ODBA attain the largest number of clubs in its history (over 30) and badminton was booming.
The later part of the 1980s saw a small downturn in the club numbers which by 1989 were down to 9 clubs.
The 1990s again brought a turn in the fortunes of the ODBA with continued growth and a club total that eventually reach 24 by the end of the century but more importantly the sport was again booming with National Championships, the Canadian Open and many other events of national importance hosted by the RA Badminton Club and with many ODBA members winning national titles highlighted by Mike Bitten and Bryan Blanchard winning 5 consecutive National Men’s Doubles Titles:
The early part of the new millennium has seen ODBA become the largest region (in terms of members) in the province and the emergence of new stars along with the old. Mike Beres and Andrew Dabeka have been joined as national champions by Kara Solmundson, Kyle Hunter, and Stephane Wojcikiewicz.
At this time in the history of ODBA (2005), Ottawa is arguably the leading region for badminton in Canada being the largest region for the sport in Ontario, with numerous national champions and unlimited potential for growth.
Board of Directors.
Currently the Board of Directors makes decisions for the Ottawa District with regards to Badminton.

</doc>
<doc id="30937236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937236" title="6B (Fringe)">
6B (Fringe)

"6B" is the 14th episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series "Fringe", and the 57th episode overall. In the episode, the fringe team investigates mysterious deaths at an apartment building, the result of a merging between the prime and parallel universes; while there, they encounter a woman who claims to be able to see the ghost of her deceased husband. 
Story editors Glen Whitman and Robert Chiappetta co-wrote "6B", while cinematographer Thomas Yatsko directed. The episode featured appearances from recurring actors Ryan McDonald and Seth Gabel as well as one-time guest stars Phyllis Somerville and Ken Pogue. The episode first aired in the United States on February 18, 2011 on the Fox network, and was watched by an estimated 4.1 million viewers. Television critics gave the episode generally mixed reviews.
Plot.
Six partygoers simultaneously fall to the sidewalk outside the Rosencrantz apartment building in Brooklyn, apparently having jumped from a seventh floor balcony along with the balcony's furniture. When the Fringe team investigates, Peter (Joshua Jackson) and Walter (John Noble) determine by the location of the bodies that they seem to have fallen "through" the balcony, as if it momentarily ceased to exist. From other stories of strange phenomena occurring throughout the building, Walter concludes that the same cracks in reality that have harmed the parallel universe are starting to appear in the prime one, with the building occupying a weak spot between universes.
Peter and Olivia (Anna Torv) are sent by Walter to observe the building as he monitors seismic equipment from the lab. Peter and Olivia go to a bar while waiting, where Olivia tries to kiss Peter but becomes uncomfortable, knowing of the influence of her parallel universe doppelganger, Fauxlivia (Torv), on Peter. Her emotional reaction triggers her ability to see once again the "shimmer" around Peter that marks him as a native of the parallel universe. She excuses herself and steps outside for some fresh air, followed by Peter. Olivia notices a similar glow emanating from the windows of apartment 6B in the Rosencrantz building, owned by the widow Mrs. Alice Merchant (Phyllis Somerville). When Olivia and Peter enter the apartment, Olivia (but not Peter) can see a shimmering figure that Alice claims is the ghost of her late husband Derek (Ken Pogue). Walter surmises that the figure is a parallel Derek seen across a crack between the universes. If the crack widens, Walter predicts they would see occurrences of the same singularities that have plagued the parallel universe, and suggests the use of the same amber-like compound they had previously recovered ("The Ghost Network") to limit the damage. With Massive Dynamic's resources, they are able to recreate the amber and a release system to encase the building, but hold it in reserve as a last resort only.
Olivia suggests the possibility that the effect is due to quantum entanglement between Alice in the prime universe and Derek in the parallel one. Alice previously told Olivia that Derek died recently from trying to replace a faulty fuse after they flipped a coin to decide who would replace it, and Walter surmises that the parallel universe Alice died in a similar fashion due to a different outcome of the coin flip. Alice's connection to the parallel universe Derek is causing the crack. As the building starts to exhibit the initial signs of a singularity and Broyles (Lance Reddick) prepares to release the amber, Olivia and Peter attempt to persuade Alice that the man she sees is not really her husband. Alice does not believe them until Derek starts to refer to their children. Alice, who is childless, realizes Peter and Olivia are telling the truth; the connection is broken and the effects on the building ebb away.
Though they did not need to deploy the amber, Walter realizes how close he was to making the same decisions that Walternate (Noble), Walter's doppelganger in the parallel universe, had to make to save his universe; Nina (Blair Brown) helps to counsel him. Meanwhile, Olivia and Peter attempt to reconcile and rekindle their relationship. Though still cautious about moving forward, Olivia and Peter kiss and head to the bedroom upstairs at the Bishops' home.
In the parallel universe, Fauxlivia and Lincoln (Seth Gabel) investigate reports of a Fringe event in the Rosencrantz building, and speak with Derek, who tells them he has not noticed anything out of the ordinary. The two leave, and Derek is left paging sadly through a photo album filled with pictures of him and his late wife and their daughters.
Production.
The episode was co-written by story editors Glen Whitman and Robert Chiappetta, while being directed by cinematographer and "Fringe" director of photography Thomas Yatsko. The last credit Whitman and Chiappetta received was for the season's sixth episode, "6955 kHz". Yatsko last directed the second season episode "White Tulip". Alluding to the week the episode broadcast, executive producer Jeff Pinkner called "6B" "our Valentine’s Day episode. It’s all different versions of a love story."
While filming, first assistant director Brian Giddens summarized the episode as "the fringe team out there's been an accident on a balcony". The focus of "6B" centered around the idea of ghosts, which was affirmed by actor Joshua Jackson, who called it "a "Fringe" ghost story". Referring to the episode's intensity level, Jackson noted that "on a scale of chile peppers, I'd say it's high habanero". Pinkner remarked that "6B" and the following episode "Subject 13" would "tell deep and meaningful sides of the Olivia and Peter story. One in the present ["6B" and one in the past ["Subject 13]."
The episode guest starred Phyllis Somerville, known for her recent work on the Showtime series "The Big C" that ended in her character's death. Somerville expressed hope that the science fiction nature of "Fringe" would convince "The Big C" writers to hire her back, commenting "maybe I can get those sci-fi folks to hook me up with a good gadget that will allow Marlene to come back to life and bug Laura Linney some more." "6B" featured recurring guest actors Ryan McDonald and Seth Gabel as Massive Dynamic scientist Brandon Fayette and Agent Lincoln Lee, respectively. The episode also featured one-time guest star Ken Pogue as Alice's husband Derek.
As with other "Fringe" episodes, Fox released a science lesson plan in collaboration with Science Olympiad for grade school children, focusing on the science seen in "6B", with the intention of having "students learn about spectroscopy and how it can be used to determine certain characteristics of things."
Cultural references.
Some critics believed that the name of the apartment building, as well as Walter's coin tosses coming up heads, are references to the 1966 tragicomedy "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead", which in turn derives from the characters of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, two minor characters in Shakespeare's "Hamlet".
Reception.
Ratings.
"6B" was watched by an estimated 4.1 million viewers on its first broadcast, earning a ratings share of 1.5, up 7 percent from the previous week's episode. It led other shows in the same timeslot by more than 20 percent for the 18-34 adult viewership market, and second only to "Kitchen Nightmares" for the night. Three days of time shifted viewing increased the 18-49 adult rating to 2.3, a 52 percent increase from its previous rating of 1.5.
Reviews.
"Entertainment Weekly" staff writer Ken Tucker thought it was not "the best "Fringe" episode", primarily because of "its "Twilight Zone" construction, with a supernatural event serving as a big, obvious metaphor for... the rift between lovers (Peter and Olivia; the elderly couple Alice and Derek)". Tucker disliked Olivia's return to "season-one-Olivia poker-faced dolorousnes" and also "worrabout the imbalance between the series’ romantic, family, and mythology ingredients". Andrew Hanson from the "Los Angeles Times" felt that the episode's emphasis on emotions (instead of plain science) was "turning its back on the science that made ["Fringe" great". Hanson also wished the parallels between Walter and Walternate's decisions had been explored further. 
"The A.V. Club"s Noel Murray graded the episode a "B-", explaining that, despite the "nice moments (including a strong start and a sweet finish)", the plot was minimal and there were many moments he was exasperated with the Peter-Olivia relationship. For Murray, the episode was "saved" by its small touches, such as when Alice is finally convinced the ghost is not her husband when he mentions "the girls miss you".
In her 2011 book "Into the Looking Glass: Exploring the Worlds of Fringe", author Sarah Clarke Stuart found parallels between the episode and the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, which occurred several weeks after "6B" aired. Items of comparison included the "cracks" in the universe and shifting tectonic plates, and the "vortex" and the tsunami swallowing up entire villages. Clarke Stuart noted that "because of its destabilizing character, the natural world is often depicted as the antagonist in science fiction and adventure narratives" like "Fringe".

</doc>
<doc id="30937240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937240" title="Govardhan Vigraham">
Govardhan Vigraham

Govardhan Vigraham is a Visual effects designer and supervisor in the Bollywood movie industry.
He started his career in 1992, when he joined Z-Axis, as a 3D generalist. In 1995, became the head of Film effects at Crest Communications Ltd (formerly Z-Axis). Later held the following positions in different facilities:
Movies.
Some of his feature films include "Kaminey", "Drona", "God Tussi Great Ho", "Mumbai Meri Jaan", "Phir Hera Pheri", "Vaah Life Ho Toh Aisi", "", "Pukar", "Maa Tujhe Salaam", "Ghajini", "The Godfather", "Jaggubhai", "Andhari Vaadu", and "Pournami".
He currently works independently as a visual effects designer and supervisor. Recent films include "Aadhavan", "Manmadan Ambu", and "7 Khoon Maaf".
Awards.
He won a Filmfare Best VFX Award (2010) for his work in "Kaminey", and a National Film Award for Best Special Effects for his work in "Mumbai Meri Jaan".

</doc>
<doc id="30937246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937246" title="Giovanni Paolo Paladino">
Giovanni Paolo Paladino

Giovanni Paolo Paladino or Jean-Paul Paladin (fl. 1540-1560) was an Italian composer and lutenist from Milan. He was born Giovanni Paolo Paladino and was also a merchant who maintained a large house and vinyard in Lyons. From 1516-22 he was lutenist to Francois I, from 1544 with Charles III of Lorraine, and from 1548-53 with Queen Mary of Scotland. Paladino published three books of lute music in Lyons in 1549, 1553 and 1560.
Works.
Selected works include:
Discography.
Paladino's music has been recorded and issued on media including:

</doc>
<doc id="30937260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937260" title="Brant County Board of Education">
Brant County Board of Education

The Brant County Board of Education is a former school district in the Canadian province of Ontario. In the late 1990s, it was amalgamated with the Norfolk County Board of Education and the Haldimand County Board of Education to create the Grand Erie District School Board.

</doc>
<doc id="30937269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937269" title="Elisa's">
Elisa's

Elisa's is a Swedish dansband from the Skaraborg, Sweden established in 2009. The band is named after its lead singer Elisa Lindström. The band won the 2010 "Dansbandskampen" competition.
The band was launched by young artists in Musikgymnasiet i Skövde (the Music College in Skövde). During late 2010, the band's fame spread in Sweden. Their first single, "Hey Go So Long", was recorded in February 2010. In 2011 the band went to the top of the Swedish Albums Chart with their debut studio album "Det här är bara början" 
Members.
Elisa's is made up of:

</doc>
<doc id="30937307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937307" title="Paxton Hibben">
Paxton Hibben

Paxton Pattison Hibben (December 5, 1880 - December 5, 1928) had a short but eventful career as a diplomat, journalist, author and humanitarian. After graduation from college he received a diplomatic appointment and served for seven years at a number of foreign posts. He then joined the Progressive Party and assisted Theodore Roosevelt in his 1912 presidential campaign. Hibben became a roving war correspondent in World War I, reporting on military action from several European fronts. He served on a military relief commission in Armenia after the war, and went on to assist the Red Cross in its efforts to rescue children in the Russian famine of 1921-23. Hibben wrote extensively on politics and international affairs, and published books on the Russian famine, the Greek monarchy, Henry Ward Beecher and William Jennings Bryan. His untimely death at age forty-eight was honored by the Russian government with a hero's burial in a Moscow cemetery.
Early life.
Paxton Hibben was born and raised in Indianapolis, Indiana. He graduated from Princeton University with honors in 1903, then earned a law degree from Harvard. He chose a career in diplomacy, and succeeded in getting a personal endorsement from President Theodore Roosevelt in 1905 for an appointment in the Diplomatic and Consular Service.
Career.
His first post was in St. Petersburg, where he witnessed the bloody street fighting of the 1905 Russian Revolution. The Russo-Japanese War had just ended and there were a number of Japanese prisoners of war interned in St. Petersburg. Hibben volunteered aid and comfort to them, and assisted in their repatriation. For this service the Japanese government awarded him its highest civilian medal, the Order of the Sacred Treasure, in 1906. Hibben went on to serve in Mexico City, Bogotá, The Hague and Santiago, Chile.
Hibben compiled a good record in the practice of diplomacy, but a series of public indiscretions forced him to resign from the State Department in 1912. He then joined Theodore Roosevelt's Progressive Party campaign for the presidency, and served as the full-time director of the Progressive Service's Bureau of Education. After Roosevelt's loss in 1912, Hibben remained active in Progressive Party politics and ran in 1914 as its Congressional candidate from his home district in Indiana; he was defeated.
Journalism.
With the outbreak of World War I in 1914, Hibben turned his hand to journalism and became a war correspondent, first for Collier's Weekly and later for the Associated Press. The AP sent him to Athens in 1915 to cover Greek politics, where he became an ally of King Constantine in his struggle to keep Greece neutral in the war. Under Allied pressure, Constantine failed and was forced into exile in a bloody coup that prompted Hibben to write a book exposing the intrigue. His book was officially suppressed and did not see publication until well after the war ended.
Military career.
When the U.S. entered the war in 1917, Hibben volunteered for officer training in the Army and rose to the rank of captain in the artillery. He served in France during and after the war, where his many language skills proved him useful as an interpreter in peace negotiations. In 1919 Hibben joined a military mission in Armenia to assist in relief efforts there to rescue a destitute population. He was deeply impressed with the suffering of the Armenians, and when that crisis was followed by a full-scale famine in Southwest Russia in 1921, Hibben marshaled all his resources to assist in famine relief.
After a tour of the famine region in 1921, he published an account of the dire conditions there and joined an international plea to the U.S. government for help. The U.S. responded with massive shipments of food, clothing and medical supplies under the direction of the American Relief Administration (ARA), headed by Herbert Hoover, who was then Secretary of Commerce. Working with the Russian Red Cross, Hibben supplemented the ARA program with a special effort to rescue hordes of Russian children made homeless by the famine. With Hibben’s support, the Red Cross set up numerous orphanages called detskiy dom, or "detdoms", where thousands of rescued children were not only housed and fed but given schooling and job training. While the ARA was credited with overcoming the famine, Hibben was critical of its procedures, and engaged in acrimonious public debates with Hoover until the famine crisis was over in 1924.
Hibben held a tolerant view of the Bolshevik Revolution, which he saw as a legitimate social exercise on the part of the Russian people. He defended his view in public, which earned him much condemnation, particularly in the post-war period of 'Red hysteria' that prevailed in the 1920s.
In 1923 Hibben, then a captain in the army reserve, applied for promotion to colonel. This triggered a protest by some in the military, who questioned Hibben's loyalty because of his socialist politics and his friendship with the Russians. The Army ordered a board of inquiry to investigate Hibben’s record, a procedure that dragged on for two years. No credible evidence of disloyalty could be found, and the case was dismissed without a finding in 1925. Hibben retained his captain’s commission but never received the promotion to colonel. The affair drew a lot of attention in the media, which saw it as a freedom of speech issue.
Social and literary involvement.
Hibben's final public act was one of protest concerning the infamous Sacco-Vanzetti murder trials of the 1920s. In the summer of 1927, with Sacco and Vanzetti on death row, he joined other literary figures such as Edna St. Vincent Millay and Dorothy Parker in mass marches in Boston, charging in vain that the convicted Italian anarchists had not gotten a fair trial. The protesters, who had been forbidden to march, were arrested and booked repeatedly, and after the execution were fined and ordered to leave town.
In 1927 Hibben published a biography of Henry Ward Beecher that was an instant sensation because it was the first to document the famous preacher's dark side, notably his adulterous affair with a married woman in his congregation. The original printing was widely suppressed, but the book was reprinted with critical acclaim in 1942 and again in 1974. Hibben's final work was a biography of William Jennings Bryan, that had been partially written at Hibben's death and was completed by a colleague.
Death and burial.
Hibben succumbed to pneumonia in New York in 1928, survived by his wife Sheila and daughter Jill. Sheila consented to the request of the Soviet government that his ashes be sent to Moscow for burial as a heroic American friend of the Russian people. Following a state funeral in Red Square in 1929, his ashes were entombed in the cemetery of Moscow's Novodevichy Convent, among the literary greats of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="30937309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937309" title="Gaini, Uttar Pradesh">
Gaini, Uttar Pradesh

Gaini is a town in Bareilly district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Gaini is west from the Bareilly city center.
Geography.
Gaini is located near the RamGanga River.
Transport.
Road.
Gaini is well connected by road to all of its surrounding cities. Gaini is connected to Bareilly by a newly built two lane highway. Gaini has a direct road connection to SH333, Aonla, and Sirouli.
Rail.
Broad Gauge: The nearest railway stations are Bisharatganj, away, and Aonla, away. They're both on the Bareilly-Chanduasi-Aligarh railway line. Rail lines include Aligarh Passenger, Sadbhawana Express, Punjab mail Duplicate, Bareilly Delhi Passenger and Bareilly-Una Himachal Express.
Meter Gauge: The nearest Railway station is Bamiyana. This route is undergoing gauge conversion, so many long distance services have stopped. The lines include Rohilkhand Express and Bareilly Kasganj Passenger.
Education.
Gaini has many schools. Shri Chandra Shekhar Azad Inter College is the main college in the area, reaching the 12th Standard.
Economy.
Agriculture.
The occupation of 90% of Gaini is agriculture. Apart from the region's main wheat and rice crops, sugarcane, mentha and potato are other cash crops. The climate is suitable for growing sugarcane in the summer and cauliflower, carrot and cabbage in winter.
Industry.
An IFFCO Fertilizer plant is located in Aonla, 13 kilometers away. Mantha Oil Extraction units are now working in Aonla.
Demographics.
, Gaini had a population of 12,510. Males constitute 53% of the population and females 47%. Gaini has an average literacy rate of 52%, lower than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 56% and, female literacy is 44%. In Gaini, 23% of the population is under 5 years of age.
Politics.
Gaini falls under Aonla parliamentary constituency and West Aonla legislative assembly. The famous animal lover and daughter in law of Mrs. Indira Gandhi Mrs. Menka Gandhi is the MP of this area and Mr. Dharmpal is the MLA of this area.

</doc>
<doc id="30937316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937316" title="JoCasta Zamarripa">
JoCasta Zamarripa

JoCasta Zamarripa (born March 8, 1976) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Zamarripa graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee in 2005. She was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. Previously, she had worked as an educator and community outreach coordinator at Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin. 
In a July 2012 interview with the "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel", she announced that she is bisexual. She is one of two openly LGBT members of the Wisconsin Legislature, alongside Sen. Tim Carpenter (D–Milwaukee).

</doc>
<doc id="30937321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937321" title="Sunken Garden United F.C.">
Sunken Garden United F.C.

Sunken Garden United Football Club is an association football based club in the Philippines. It was founded in 1997 based on the home field of the club, which is called "Sunken Garden" located inside the University of the Philippines main campus in Diliman, Quezon City, described as a "natural convergence point for football lovers especially during weekends" in a report in the "Sun Star Manila". It is a member in a football league designed to "further develop the sport and provide a venue for the country’s promising and top players where they could hone their talent and skills." The club participates in a public and private partnership to create the "World Cup Pilipinas", which is a month-long annual football tournament beginning in late May. The club is registered with the Philippine Securities and Exchange Commission as an athletic organization.

</doc>
<doc id="30937347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937347" title="Cootamundra Annual Classic">
Cootamundra Annual Classic

The Cootamundra Annual Classic, also known as the "Coota Classic" or "Coota Annual" is a bicycle handicap race starting and finishing in the New South Wales town of Cootamundra. First run in 1955, the race is traditionally held on the last weekend in August. Today it's one of the oldest open road races in New South Wales.
History.
The race has run every year since 1955, making it one of oldest races on the Cycling NSW open calendar. Organised by Cootamundra Cycling Club, past winners have include road professional Graeme Brown and 2010 Melbourne to Warrnambool winner Rhys Pollock.
Course.
Up until 2011 the course started in Cootamundra, traveled North through the small town Wallendbeen to Young along the Olympic Highway. The race then turned south, travelling to Harden, then West back to Wallendbeen before returning to the finish in Cootamundra. The course was 120 kilometres long.
From 2011 the course was shortened to 106 km with the course resembling a figure '8' centered around Cootamundra

</doc>
<doc id="30937349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937349" title="H-Logic">
H-Logic

H-Logic is the fourth studio album by South Korean singer Lee Hyori, released on April 12, 2010. The album has 14 tracks, including collaborations with Daesung from Big Bang, Jeon Ji-yoon from 4Minute, Bekah from After School, Gary from Leessang, and Sangchu from Mighty Mouth. The singer worked also with E-Tribe, the team behind "U-Go-Girl", the lead single from her previous album.
The album sold 31,756 copies in 2010, making it the 46th best-selling Korean album in 2010.
The promotions ended after the outputs of the two singles "Bring It Back" and "How Did We Get".
Plagiarism.
Seven of the songs in the album, which were produced by Bahnus, were plagiarized.

</doc>
<doc id="30937352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937352" title="Virtual gastric band">
Virtual gastric band

The Virtual gastric band (VGB) is a procedure of hypnotherapy intended to make the brain believe that the stomach is smaller than it really is, with the purpose of limiting the amount of food ingested.
History.
The virtual gastric band is based on the idea of the surgical gastric band. There is no certainty of its origins as the concept has been constructed in a number of ways by various hypnotherapists the first of which were Martin & Marion Shirran at the Elite Clinic in Spain, after world wide media attention they registered the trade mark for the Gastric Mind Band in North America and Europe. The Shirran's were invited to the USA to appear on various TV networks at the time of the publishing of the book, Shirran's Solution - The Gastric Mind Band (Author House 2010)Armando Scharovsky from Argentina and Sheila Granger from the UK also claim to be the first to use the process. Granger's interpretation of the Virtual Gastric Band garnered interest from the media and the BBC when she began working alongside a National Health Service (NHS) general practitioner (GP) and ran a trial that proved 95% successful. Sheila claims to have trained hypnotherapists in USA, Canada, Europe and Australia. Scharovsky claims the same for several countries in Latin America. The virtual gastric band is a concept used by many companies under a range of alternate guises including Slim-Think, Hypno-Band and Gastric Mind Band. No individual can claim ownership over the name "virtual gastric band" as it is a concept open to interpretation by any hypnotherapist. However, some interpretations are more successful than others.
Technique.
The procedure used more often consists of a session of hypnosis followed by sessions of re-hypnosis. During the hypnosis session the brain is retrained to believe the stomach is smaller than it really is and then hypnopedia sessions are used to reinforce improvements in alimentary habits. As a consequence, the ingestion of food is limited in a virtual way, which produces as a result loss of weight. After the process, some reinforcements are made via psychological treatment for the management of anxiety.
Hypnosis as therapy.
One of the most common areas of controversy of is the use of hypnosis as a tool for an effective therapy. In a study made in 1996 in which hypnosis was combined with a cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) it was found that people who used both treatments lost more weight than people that only used CBT. Several other researches have shown similar positive impacts of hypnosis.
Advantages.
The gastric virtual band procedure does not require surgery, and hence, there is no physical trauma or need for hospitalization. It is also believed that loss of weight can be experienced from the beginning of treatment. Hypnosis also has reduced costs compared with surgery at around US$772 on average.
Disadvantages.
The treatment is not very well known and hence the results are not yet widely confirmed. Hypnotherapy is, however, included in the National Health Service (NHS) in the UK as part of its complementary and alternative medicines for obesity. Some of those who have tried VGB express it requires great discipline in the hypnopedia sessions, such that the changes in alimentary habits really happen. It is possible that for some people this is a limitation.
Effects or results.
As opposed to other procedures requiring surgery, the VGB could represent meaningful losses of weight permanently since it focuses directly in the alimentary habits. UK clinical hypnotherapist Sheila Granger claims 95% success rate however research or clinical trials supporting this have not yet been published.

</doc>
<doc id="30937363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937363" title="Holy Trinity Lutheran Church">
Holy Trinity Lutheran Church

Holy Trinity Lutheran Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30937377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937377" title="2011–12 Tampa Bay Lightning season">
2011–12 Tampa Bay Lightning season

The 2011–12 Tampa Bay Lightning season was the franchise’s 20th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Lightning had a brand new logo and jerseys beginning this season.
Offseason.
Among the Lightning's offseason deals, they re-signed their first overall pick from 2008, Steven Stamkos to a five-year contract. They also brought back goaltender Dwayne Roloson with a one-year deal, having acquired him in a trade during the previous season.
The team's home arena, the St. Pete Times Forum underwent a $35 million renovation that saw additions that included a digital pipe organ and Tesla coils on either side of the main scoreboard that shoot lightning 25 feet.
Regular season.
The Lightning opened the season on the road against the Carolina Hurricanes on October 7. Their first home game was October 17 against the Florida Panthers.
In October, the Lightning earned 12 points after going 5–4–2, which put them in 8th place in the Eastern Conference, and 3rd place in the Southeast Division. Steven Stamkos led the team in goals with six, while Marc-Andre Bergeron led the team in points with twelve.
Victor Hedman the second-overall pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft, was signed to a five-year contract extension worth $20 million.
As in October, the Lightning earned 12 points in November with a 6–7–0 record for the month, making their overall record 11–11–2. They remained in 3rd place in their division, while falling to 11th in the Eastern Conference. Stamkos continued to lead the team in goals with 16, and also overtook the points lead with 26.
Martin St. Louis was injured during a morning practice on December 8. That night he was expected to play in his 500th consecutive game. St. Louis took a puck to the face from a backhanded shot attempt from a teammate. After being evaluated, St. Louis was reported to have suffered facial and nasal fractures, and was ruled to be out indefinitely. He would return to the ice on December 21, sporting a full metal cage attached his helmet.
The Lightning began December with only one win in six games, but rebounded to earn points in six of the last seven games of the month, giving them a 6–6–1 record in December. Their 17–17–3 record dropped them to 4th in the division and 12th in the conference. Stamkos ended the month with 43 points, and his 26 goals not only led the team, but led the entire league.
The Lightning concluded the regular season having allowed 278 goals (excluding three shootout goals), the most in the League. They also tied the Detroit Red Wings for the fewest shorthanded goals scored, with just 2.
Playoffs.
The Lightning failed to qualify for the 2012 NHL playoffs.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; SV= Saves; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Lightning. Stats reflect time with Lightning only.
‡Traded mid-season
Bold/italics denotes franchise record
Final roster.
Updated April 2, 2012.<br>
Transactions.
The Lightning have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Draft picks.
Tampa Bay's selections at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. 

</doc>
<doc id="30937484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937484" title="The Tea Party Goes to Washington">
The Tea Party Goes to Washington

The Tea Party Goes to Washington is a book by United States Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky. The book, co-written by radio host, columnist, and blogger Jack Hunter, describes the Tea Party movement's impact in the 2010 midterm elections in the United States, and ultimately their impact on the entire political system.
Paul was elected to the United States Senate on November 2, 2010, along with the help of various Tea Party activists across Kentucky, and has strongly embraced the group. Paul considers himself a member of the Tea Party, and has since founded the Tea Party Caucus in the United States Senate, along with several other Senators, including Senators Mike Lee, Jim DeMint and Jerry Moran.
The book was released on February 22, 2011, and is published by Center Street, a main publishing division of Hachette Book Group USA.
Reception.
In a review of the book, historian Thomas Woods wrote:
"The Tea Party Goes to Washington" . . . is a much bolder book than Rand skeptics would have expected, and it is also a strategically clever book . . . To be sure, Rand’s anecdotes from the campaign trail and from his days as a boy growing up in the Paul household are well executed and engaging, rather than cloying and phony as in so many political books. More importantly, Senator Paul is willing to stake out positions—on the Patriot Act, the U.S. Constitution, the federal budget, Austrian economics, and so on—that are not exactly standard fare for a man in his position.
Although it has been demonstrated that speeches and op-eds of Sen. Paul have consisted of plagiarized material, and that a subsequent book by Paul ("Government Bullies," 2012) also contains plagiarized passages, it is not yet clear whether "The Tea Party Goes to Washington" contains any blocks of unattributed material.

</doc>
<doc id="30937485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937485" title="Community Against Pollution">
Community Against Pollution

Community Against Pollution aka Citizens Against Pollution or (CAP) is an organization formed by the residents of Anniston, Alabama in response to the effects of pollution.
Background.
During a period of around 36 years from 1935 to 1971, there were about five million pounds of PCBs produced and released. These ended up in landfill sites in the area, and around one million pounds contaminated local waterways and was embedded in sediments. The resident's health was also affected.
In 1998 David Baker founded CAP. With the organization's support residents sued chemical giant Monsanto over their health problems brought about by the company's pollution.
In 2002 Annistion was featured in an episode of "60 minutes"; it was stated in the programme that the city was one of the most toxic in America.
Action.
As a result of CAP's efforts a lawsuit in Alabama was brought against Monsanto.

</doc>
<doc id="30937486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937486" title="Leonard Dodson">
Leonard Dodson

Leonard Dodson (March 29, 1912 – January 14, 1997) was an American professional golfer.
One of four boys, Dodson was born in Mumford, Missouri, and grew up in the Springfield area.
Dodson won three times on the early PGA Tour between 1936 and 1941.
During his colorful life, Dodson was known for gambling with friend Titanic Thompson. He was posthumously inducted into the Ozarks Golf Hall of Fame in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="30937494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937494" title="Crocidura Dsi Nezumi">
Crocidura Dsi Nezumi

It was included in the "Merzbox" with a bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="30937496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937496" title="Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin">
Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin

Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin (lit. "I Will Only Love You Once", figuratively "One Great Love") is a critically acclaimed Philippine family military drama series that aired on ABS CBN featuring an ensemble cast.
Plot.
Alexander Del Tierro (Coco Martin) was born into a family affiliated with the army, his father, Col. Joaquin Del Tierro (John Estrada) is a respected military officer and his grandfather, Gen. Jaime Sebastiano (Ronaldo Valdez) is one of the feared generals in the Philippines but doesn't have a close relationship with his mother, Alondra (Lorna Tolentino) blaming her for the death of his youngest son, Jaime Del Tierro, Jr. (Bugoy Cariño) which led Alexander to join the military otherwise after continuously refusing to do so. His best friend, Gabrielle (Andi Eigenmann) has been by his side in the most important times of his life and has developed feelings for him since they were about 10 years old. Gabrielle is raised by her grandfather, Gen. Edgardo Marcelo (Dante Rivero) after her parents died in the line of duty. Unfortunately Alexander doesn't feel the same way for her but one of their military friends, Norberto Matias (Martin del Rosario) does.
Alondra was brought up by Teresa Valderosa (Angel Aquino), Gen. Jaime's mistress. Her mother died after being hit by a car forcing Jaime to bring her into his family. It is there that she met Joaquin, her half-sister Lora's (Amy Austria-Ventura) boyfriend and developed feelings for him. Alondra has always envied and hated her sister, wanting everything that she owns, especially Joaquin and their father's affection. Lora's mother Remedios (Boots Anson-Roa) comes from a long line of rebels but was forced to leave the mountains when she fell in love with Jaime, she finds herself trapped in an unhappy marriage. After finding out about Jaime's mistress, she headed back to the mountains and waited for her daughter. In a later accident, Alondra tells a taxi driver to run over her sister. Lora is immediately sent to a private doctor. Alondra's best friend Mimi (Candy Pangilinan) and Mimi's cousin Tomas (Tonton Gutierrez) agrees that they would help her and it is there that they discovered about Lora's pregnancy. Jaime lies to Joaquin after hearing the news of Lora's disappearance and tells him that she has been found dead, thinking that she has decided to follow her mother to the mountains instead. Alondra leaves the country but goes back in time for Lora's labour. Lora gives birth to twin brothers but the doctors inform them that the other has passed away. Alondra takes the other baby, Alexander and brings him to Joaquin, claims that he is theirs, forcing him to marry her. 
Tomas' wife and child passed away before he met Lora and has developed feelings for her. After finding out that the twin who they thought died was breathing, he takes it as a message from God to start a new life. Lora wakes up from her coma after a year not knowing that she has given birth and finds out that Joaquin has been married with her sister. It is there that she decided to follow her mother, Remedios now named Elena, to the mountains with Tomas with his new name Bernabe and herself as Rosa taking Javier with them, the baby that Tomas allegedly found in a burning apartment.
Javier (Coco Martin) was raised up by his surrogate mother Rosa and his adoptive father Bernabe and Elena. Javier is aware that they're not his birth parents and longs to find his true family and live a normal life. His former girlfriend, Krista (Maja Salvador) is still in love with him and has two missions in life: to fulfill the romance between them and to avenge her parents death. Krista was raised up as an orphan by the rebels along with her brother Tiago (Lloyd Zaragoza). She witnessed her parents' death and remembers the soldier that killed them, Edgardo. When she was a kid, she was saved from the hands of the military by Alexander and fell in love with him and when she met Javier, she thought that it was him that helped her.
In an encounter between the soldiers and the rebels, Alexander and Javier met, and since then they tried to learn about each other's lives and family. The two brothers often switch lives and both fell in love with their female counterparts, Javier with Gabrielle and Alexander with Krista. The people surrounding them start to suspect that something is going on that neither of them knows. 
Alondra follows Alexander and it is their that she finds out that Alexander has a twin brother. She develops a strong relationship with Javier that Alexander never felt, Alondra often sees Javier as Jaime Jr. Wanting to find out who raised Javier, she follows him on his way back to the mountains and is surprised to see Lora.
The soldiers capture Diego (Ronnie Lazaro), Tiago and Ibon (Jojit Lorenzo) in a later attack. Edgardo is forced to tell the truth to Joaquin concerning Lora and Remedios' alleged death and disappearance after facing the two in an encounter. 
The truth between the twin brothers are revealed after Gabrielle, Alexander, Krista and Javier meet face to face. Rosa, Elena and Bernabe witness the capture of Javier and Krista. Elena surrenders for Javier but Rosa manages to escape. The four later decide to take on amnesty including Bernabe who was captured weeks after, reusing their birth names. Kaye realizes that Alexander was the one that saved her from the military when they were kids and immediately falls in love with him but Gabrielle refuses to feel the same way for Javier, despite having the same appearance, Gabrielle is convinced that Javier doesn't have the qualities that made her fall in love with Alexander. Mimi suspects that Alondra is responsible behind Lora's sudden disappearance. After months Lora comes back revealing the truth behind her absence, the fact that she was in prison after being framed by Tomas with drugs to keep her away from Joaquin. She comes back to Manila and visits the military camp in hope to see Joaquin but sees Alondra instead and is captured by the military. Lora decides to take on amnesty to be with her family especially her mother. Joaquin draws closure to her after years of not seeing each other and finds out the truth of why she never came back. She is set free along with Diego, Tiago and Ibon who decided to take on amnesty to take their revenge to the people that betrayed them namely Javier.
Javier experiences a hard time adjusting to a normal life and develops hatred and jealousy towards his brother, having Gabrielle's affection and a stable relationship with Krista. He gets involved in a carnapping business but later chose to betray his friends, Inigo (Franco Daza), Rico (Dino Imperial) and Bunch (Michael Roy Jornales) to avoid being sent to prison. Alexander meanwhile proposes to Kaye and Joaquin is more than happy for his son and arranged for the parental marriage proposal. It is there that Diego, Tiago and Ibon took their revenge. Unfortunately, Remedios gets shot and is rushed to the hospital which caused her to suffer subdural hematoma and eventually dies. Her death caused Lora and Jaime to re-build a strong relationship back to what it was before Alondra came into their lives, making her sister more jealous than before.
Javier is framed of drug possession and unlicensed armory and is sent to prison but escapes. He is seen roaming around a street near their house and Alexander is immediately ordered to run after him. Alexander surrounds his brother alone with no way out. Javier smacks Alexander making his brother fall out of conscious and asks Alondra for help who suggested locking up Alexander and impersonate Alexander. Javier locks his brother in a cage and breaks up with Krista to pursue his love for Gabrielle giving her suspicion that he isn't the same person. Gabrielle follows him on his visit to Alexander with Alondra and Mimi and is convinced that foul play has been involved. Mimi sees Gabrielle and, with confusion and desperation, hits her with an ax lying on the ground and falls into a ditch and loses consciousness. Gabrielle later wakes up and finally finds Alexander in the cage and dies painfully in front of her best friend and true love.
Alexander successfully escapes and captures Javier and ties him up. He is determined to find out who murdered his best friend and discovers that Alondra has been helping him. He fixes things up with Krista and tells her that Javier has been impersonating him explaining his recent actions. Meanwhile Mimi runs away before the military find out about the murder. Alondra is frightened that she and Tomas would reveal the truth and so frames Tomas of killing Gabrielle by placing his watch besides Gabrielle's body bringing Tomas' life in danger. Lora finds out that Tomas has been lying to her all these years about her scar and that she has given birth and demands him for her sons but he refuses to answer. Alondra discovers that Alexander has escaped and hides Javier elsewhere and informs him about Gabrielle's death but refuses to believe so, Javier sneaks in to Gabrielle's funeral to prove it for himself. The military spotted Javier but they also saw Tomas who, after being beaten by Javier, managed to escape after a close call. The truth slowly unravels as Alexander reports to the headquarters of his suspicion that Alondra is helping Javier escape. Berto meanwhile finds out that Mimi is Tomas' cousin bringing to conclusion that Alondra might've taken Alexander from Lora, this is later proven after taking a DNA test, that Alexander and Javier are in fact Lora and Joaquin's sons. The only thing Lora wishes for is Javier, to fulfill her dream of having a complete family. Tomas is later found after threatening to kill Alondra. Alondra comes back home and finds out that they have discovered the truth and so Joaquin leaves her for good and files for annulment, meanwhile Lora visits Tomas and tells her that she would be leaving him considering that they're not legally married and would be erasing him from her mind. Not knowing that Lora is his real mother, Javier promises to protect Alondra bringing Alexander and Lora's life in danger with Alondra's plan to kill them for revenge. Tiago is put to prison and Diego and Ibon are wanted after Krista and Alexander overhears their plan of murdering Javier. Mimi returns with the help of Adele and sacrifices herself and admits that she is responsible for the death of Gabrielle.
Alondra kidnaps Lora and holds her in captive at the same building where they kept Alexander then, bringing her life in danger but later escapes with another reverse of events. Tomas breaks out of prison to prevent Alondra from harming her, Diego and Ibon later captures him and he tips them to go the same village where Alondra has kept Lora. In a rather puzzling encounter, Javier goes to the warehouse, without knowing that it is Alondra in uniform, Javier shoots her and is confused after seeing Alexander. Alondra treats her wound and finds a gun and plans to shoot her sister. Tomas meanwhile sacrifices himself for Lora as she is held at gunpoint by the rebels, Tomas gets shot and begs Lora for forgiveness before dying in her arms. The brothers eventually face off in a final showdown as Alexander tries to convince Javier to sacrifice himself, Lora and Joaquin gets hold of him and reveals the truth of their relation and finally decides to surrender and reconciles with his family including his best friend Krista, he is proven not guilty of the crime he was framed up for and wasn't sent to jail. Alondra meanwhile falls in the hands of the rebels who uses her to get hold of Javier and Lora. She is surprised to hear that they would help her despite all her wrongdoings and she asks for forgiveness from her family and lastly God as the military forces fail to stop the bombs planted around her. Jaime Jr. visits her spiritually and tells her to come home with him to heaven as the bomb explodes. The series ends a year after with Lora and Joaquin and Alexander and Krista celebrating a double wedding. Gen. Jaime is now retired and has passed on his seat to Edgardo as Vice Chief of Staff and Alexander and Krista are happy parents of twin brothers. The final scene shows Joaquin, Lora, Alexander, Krista, and Javier with the babies fulfilling the dream of a complete family.
Production.
Early production for "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" began in November 2010 and premiered on March 7, 2011. It previously had a working title of "The General's Family", but later changed to "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin". It is the first television drama that featured three generations of artists followed by 2012 series, "Walang Hanggan."
Postponement.
The series was originally set to air on January 28, 2011. However, the show was postponed to give way for "Mutya". The show was to replace "Noah" but since the show was child-oriented, "Mutya" seemed like a better fit and was chosen to replace it. When teasers for the series were shown, it was revealed that the first episode will be aired on February. However, it was once again postponed. Finally, the show was given an air date, on March 7.
Timeslot change.
The series originally aired at the 8:20-9:00pm timeslot. However, in June 2011, the show was moved to a later timeslot that was previously occupied by "Mara Clara". This was to give way to the premiere of the show "Guns and Roses". Despite a later airing, the show still dominated its timeslot. However, compared to the average of 30 million viewers the show had on its original timeslot, the ratings dropped, garnering only an average of 25 million viewers after the show's time change. On its last three weeks of airing, the series regained its original audience.
Reception.
Ratings.
The premiere on March 7, 2011 garnered a 38.7% audience share and earned first place, according to the March 7 data released by Kantar Media-TNS survey. The 3-part marathon special, shown during Holy Week, earned the fifth spot with 18.1% share in the ratings on April, 21 Thursday. The following day, the series earned sixth place with 16.4% ratings share. The last day of the marathon rose in the ratings earning second place with 17.8% based on the Kantar Media-TNS National Household Ratings. The series ended strongly, earning first place in the ratings with 39.1% audience share. According to Kantar Media-TNS data, "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" is the most watched program, along with "100 Days to Heaven", during the third quarter of the year.
Citation from the Armed Forces.
The production team of the series and the actors playing the role of a militar were cited by the Armed Forces of the Philippines for promoting a positive image of the Philippine military. "Minsan" has been one of the two shows to be praised by the AFP after the 2009 series "Tayong Dalawa." The three leading actors, Martin, Eigenmann and del Rosario went in training for the production of the series as they are in the field for the series more often than the seniors and were trained by actual soldiers so that they could portray their characters and movements perfectly. Bgen. Jose Z. Mabanta Jr, AFP Spokesperson Commander, CRSAFP even praised the series and even recommended "that everyone watches this show", Ltc. Americo Fabrigar (GSC) PAF, Commander Information Development Group, CRSAFP also shared his opinion and said "they did very good. Maganda rin ang concept. concept is good."
Critical reception.
The show received mainly positive reviews. Praising the actors for their perfect portrayal for their roles. Nestor Toree, an acclaimed critic of the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" said, "With its well-honoured talents. "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" is the new dramatic show to beat. It's great to see Lorna Tolentino and Amy Austria back in harness again." Isah Red of the "Manila Standard" said, "This has, in a way, made me watch local soaps again, with the interesting twist in the storyline" but commented on Martin's "slight problem with speech" but is "saved by correct muscular utilization in his face for the proper expression" Red also praised Tolentino and Austria and is convinced that they are "the serial’s best actors" with "Estrada and Gutierrez struggling not to push their performances over the top" she also viewed Salvador and Eigenmann's performance and commented that sometimes Salvador "turns in an over-the-top performance" and understands Eigenmann's performance as to being "very young and has no insight in her turn as a military woman." Alfie Lorenzo of "Abante Tonite" said "With Coco Martin, damang-dama ng publiko kung ano ang role na ipinakita niya. Tumatagos sa laman at buto ng mga televiewers" Coco Martin, the audience can recognise the roles he's showing. It penetrates the flesh and bones of the televiewers but also agrees to Martin having a slight lisp problem but is overthrown with his powerful acting. Lorenzo also praised Ronaldo Valdez's acting as a strict and straight-up general and grandfather. Another critic from "Pilipino Star Ngayon", Veronica Samio praised Coco Martin on his acting, "sa kanyang kagalingan, nagagawa niyang distinct ang kanyang dalawang roles. of his excellence in acting, he can make the two roles he's portraying distinct. "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" will live long." Further reviewers such as Jun Nardo of "Abante" said, "Na-excite naman kami sa episodes na aming napanood dahil sa magandang kwento nito," and also praised Tolentino and Austria's performance. Melba Llanera "PMPC Star Awards for TV (PMPC)" President said, "Isang teleseryeng t'yak na aabangan, susuportahan at magiging bahagi nanaman ng pang araw-araw na buhay ng mga Pilipino. must-watch TV series that will be part of many Filipino's daily life."
Promotion.
Mall tour.
The cast of "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin", namely stars Coco Martin and Maja Salvador, lead the show's Pambansang Pasasalamat Tour (lit. National Thanksgiving Tour) around the nation. Martin del Rosario and Andi Eigenmann took part in some of the locations. The first official mall tour was on 10 July 2011 in Robinsons Metro East Manila followed by their second stop in CSI The City Mall, Dagupan on 16 July. The crew stopped in Robinsons Place Pampanga before Metro East on 7 June. Martin and Salvador later toured in Robinsons Place, Lipa on 24 July with special guests. They then visited the Pacific Mall Metro Mandaue Cebu on July 30. On the following day they stopped by in Robinsons Santa Rosa Market with their final tour being held in SM City North EDSA on August 14 featuring all the main and supporting cast in the SM Skydome.
Soundtrack.
The "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" soundtrack was released by Star Records led by its title theme song sung by Gary Valenciano and originally performed by Ariel Rivera. The song "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" was also covered by Regine Velasquez. The digital album was officially on sale during the Pambansang Pasasalamat Tour for only ₱99 pesos.
DVD Release.
ABS-CBN has released "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" on DVD, that has been translated to the title, "One Great Love". The DVD set contains all episodes from volume 1-10.

</doc>
<doc id="30937497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937497" title="Anton (given name)">
Anton (given name)

Anton is a given name in many European languages. It is a variant of Anthony, which is the English form of Antonius

</doc>
<doc id="30937513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937513" title="2011 North Queensland Cowboys season">
2011 North Queensland Cowboys season

The 2011 North Queensland Cowboys season is the 17th season in the club's history. They competed in the National Rugby League's 2011 Telstra Premiership, finishing the regular season 7th (out of 16) to make the play-offs. The Cowboys were then knocked out in their first finals match against eventual premiers, the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.
Players.
Squad.
Although other players may play for the North Queensland Cowboys during the year, all NRL clubs are required to select a top 25 First Grade squad at the beginning of the season.
Players who have also played this season who weren't in the squad named at the start of the year.
Player Movement.
Squad changes from 2010 season.
Fixtures & Results.
Trial matches.
<br>
<br>
Telstra Premiership.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Statistics.
Updated: 18 September 2011 
Representative Honours.
The following players have played a representative match during the 2011 NRL Season.
NRL All Stars
Indigenous All Stars
Queensland Origin
Australia Train-on Squad
New Zealand Train-on Squad
Australia
Italy
New Zealand
Papua New Guinea

</doc>
<doc id="30937551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937551" title="Van H. Wanggaard">
Van H. Wanggaard

Van H. Wanggaard (born April 19, 1952) was a Republican member of the Wisconsin Senate, representing the 21st district since January 3, 2011. He was defeated by his predecessor, John Lehman (D), in a recall election, held on June 5, 2012. 
Background/family life.
Born in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, Wanggaard graduated from Racine Lutheran High School in 1970. He then graduated from Gateway Technical College with a certificate in "Police Science Instruction." Wanggard also took course work at University of Wisconsin–Extension, University of Wisconsin–Parkside, Green Bay Technical College, Milwaukee Area Technical College, Racine Technical College, Gateway Technical College, Wisconsin State Patrol Academy, and the United States Coast Guard National SAR School. Wanggard also taught at Gateway Technical College. He also served on the Racine County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors 2002-2011. He ran for the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2006, but lost. He previously worked for the Racine Police Department from 1972 to 2001 as an investigator. He and his wife have two children.
Electoral history.
This election has been certified. 

</doc>
<doc id="30937563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937563" title="Master Man (Quality Comics)">
Master Man (Quality Comics)

Master Man was a Kid Eternity villain who made his first appearance in Kid Eternity #15. He is a type of reverse polarity Kid Eternity, similar to the way Ibac is to Captain Marvel. Kid Eternity's opposite number, Master Man was given powers similar to the Kid's by a figure heavily implied to be the Devil. When Master Man said "Stygia", he could summon any evil historical or mythological figure from Stygia. He was an average sized man with black hair, who wore a green cape and a military type uniform with a Skull and Crossbones on the front. He was also a smoker. Master Man was sent by the being who gave him his powers to spread evil on earth. He summoned Rasputin to help him cause a jailbreak, but Kid Eternity prevented this. Master Man then captured Kid Eternity and summoned Torquemada to cause the Kid such pain he would request eternal death. However the Kid freed himself. Master Man summoned up Batu Khan but the Kid summoned Charles Martel who defeated the Mongol. As Master Man tried to escape the shadowy figure caused the ground to open, sending him into fire.
Notes.
Master Man is not to be confused with other comic book characters with the name Master Man.

</doc>
<doc id="30937565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937565" title="Florian (name)">
Florian (name)

Florian is a masculine given name borrowed from the ancient Roman name "Florianus". It is the name of the patron saint of Poland and Upper Austria.
Florian is a common name in Austria, Germany and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="30937566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937566" title="Edward Bagshawe (bishop)">
Edward Bagshawe (bishop)

Edward Gilpin Bagshawe (12 January 1829 – 6 February 1915) was a Catholic Bishop of Nottingham.
He attended University College School in London and in 1838 entered St. Mary's College, Oscott. On graduation, he joined the London Oratory in 1849 and was ordained a priest in 1852. In 1874, he became Bishop of Nottingham, resigning in 1901.
He was appointed titular bishop of Hypaepa in 1902, and titular archbishop of Seleucia in 1904. He was styled Bishop Emeritus of Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="30937568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937568" title="Ntoro">
Ntoro

The Ntoro is the genetic aspect of the father which the Akan people believe is passed on to this children. The Akan believe that the Ntoro does not die with the father instead it goes down to the man’s children or if the children are not alive to his nephews and nieces. The fathers Ntoro represents the being of the child until the child comes of age at this point the Ntoro along the Sunsum and Kra explains how one interacts in the world. The Ntoro is thus explained by Akans to be the fathers characterizes which can be inherited. Thus, it is the cooperation of the fathers Ntoro with the mothers blood(Mogya) Abusua which is believed to form the child and mold into the Human being. 
The 12 Akan Ntoro include:
1) Bosompra(The Tough/Strong/firm)
2) Bosomtwe(The Human/Kind/empathetic)
3) Bosompo/ Bosomnkóteaa(Proud/Audacious)
4) Bosomafram(The Liberal/Kind/empathetic)
5)Bosommuru(Respectable/ distinguished)
6)Bosomkonsi(The Virtuoso)
7)Bosomdweróbe (The Eccentric/Jittery)
8)Bosomayensu(The Truculent)
9)Bosomsika(The Fastidious)
10)Bosomkrete(The Chivalrous)
11)Bosomakím(The Fanatic)
12)Bosomafi(The Chaste)
References.
Asante Molefi; African Intellectual Heritage 1996
Gyekye Kwame; An essay on African philosophical thought: the Akan conceptual scheme 1995

</doc>
<doc id="30937569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937569" title="Companies Act 1956">
Companies Act 1956

The Companies Act 1956 is an Act of the Parliament of India, enacted in 1956, which enabled companies to be formed by registration, and set out the responsibilities of companies, their directors and secretaries.
The Companies Act 1956 is administered by the Government of India through the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Offices of Registrar of Companies, Official Liquidators, Public Trustee, Company Law Board, Director of Inspection, etc. The Registrar of Companies (ROC) handles incorporation of new companies and the administration of running companies.
Since its commencement, it has been amended many times, in which amendment of 1988, 1990, 1996, 2000 and 2011 are notable.
Nature and Scope of the Act.
Like most of Indian acts, it also extends to the whole India except State of Jammu and Kashmir (SECTION 3) (Article 370). Notwithstanding anything contained in the Act every company, international or indigenous will work under the provisions of the Act.This Act is general in nature and not subrogative. So if a special Legislation applies on a Company, then the Company has to, in addition to Companies Act, must comply the special Legislation. For example, all banking Companies in India has to comply Banking Regulation Act 1949, in addition to the Companies Act 1956.
Act's Cessation and New Act's Important Provisions and Background.
The Act has now been replaced by the The Companies Act, 2013 after receiving the assent of the President of India on Thursday, 29 August 2013. The Companies Act, 2013 is divided into 29 chapters containing 470 clauses as against 658 Sections in the Companies Act, 1956. The Central Government has appointed Thursday, 12 September 2013 as the date on which some notified sections the Companies Act, 2013 shall come into force. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has notified 183 sections of the new Companies Act, 2013, which comes into effect from April 1, 2014. With this, 283 of 470 sections of the Act have got notified in a phased manner.
The new law has been passed and is considered as trend changer in Indian Corporate law the new law has been rewritten extensively with several new provisions for investor protection, better corporate governance and corporate social responsibility etc. It defines a number of new terms that have come into vogue in recent times.
The bill provides for class action suit, which is key weapon for individual shareholders to take collective action against errant companies. Better disclosure requirements in financial statements and disclosure of interests of directors etc. It has also streamlined procedures relating to disclosure of transactions with parties related to directors, promoters etc.
It provides for new concepts such as a one person company. Cap on number of persons in a private company raised to 200. E-voting has been recognized.
This new Act is one of the major achievement in Indian Parliamentary History in recent past.
Comparative analysis 98 sections of cos act 2013
1. It applies to the whole of India.The Bill has 470 Clauses (309 pages), 29 Chapters, 7 Schedules and 29 Rules 29th August-President’s Assent; 30th August- Gazette Notification Rajya Sabha passed it on 8th August, 2013 by voice vote Companies Bill passed by the Lok-Sabha on 18th December, 2012. Companies Act, 1956 Companies Act, 2013 • It was introduced on 1st April, 1956. • It has 658 Sections and 15 Schedules. • It extends to the whole of India (Sikkim has its own Companies Act). 
2. FINALLY……WE SEE THE MUCH AWAITED ACT FLUNGING INTO ACTION •Ministry of Corporate Affairs issues Notification for Commencement of 98 Sections (out of 470 sections) of the New Act on 12th September, 2013
3. In PHASES • It seems that it has been decided to enforce the provisions of the new legislation in phases. • The provisions of the new Act which require statutory/regulatory consultation or functioning of new bodies or prescription of relevant rules/forms will be brought in force after the preparatory action is completed.
4. Chapter – I Preliminary • Sections ranging from 1 to 2 • Total 2 sections • On 30th August 2013, Ministry of Law and Justice issued a notification regarding the Companies Act, 2013 immediately after it received assent of President of India. Only section 1 of the Act of 2013 came into effect from that day. Section 1 as usual deals with short title, extent, commencement and application • The 2nd section deals with the definition clauses • Out of 95 definitions, 83 definitions (in which 26 are new definitions) have been notified w.e.f. 12.09.2013
5. Definitions-Section 2 • The following definitions given against each clause, becomes applicable: 1: abridged prospectus 3: alteration 4: appellate tribunal 5: articles 6: associate company 8: authorised capital (new) 9: banking company 10: board of directors or board 11: body corporate or corporation 12: book and paper and book or paper
6. Definition Continued…… 14: branch office 15: called-up capital (new) 16: charge (new) 17: chartered accountant (new) 18: chief executive officer (new) 19: chief financial officer (new) 20: company 21: company limited by guarantee 22: company limited by shares
7. Definition Continued…. 24: company secretary 25: company secretary in practice 26: contributory 27: control (new) 28: cost accountant (new) 29: Court (except sub clause iv which talks about special courts) 30: debenture 32: depository 33: derivative
8. Definition Continued…. 34: director 35: dividend 36: document 37: employees’ stock option 38: expert (new) 39: financial institution (new) 40: financial statement (new) 43: free reserves 44: global depository receipt (new) 45: government company
9. Definition Continued…. 46: holding company 49: interested director 50: issued capital (new) 51: key managerial personnel (new) 52: listed company 53: manager 54: managing director 55: member 56: memorandum 57: networth
10. Definition Continued…. 58: notification (new) 59: officer 60: officer who is in default 61: official liquidator 63: ordinary or special resolution (new) 64: paid up share capital (new) 65: postal ballot (new) 66: prescribed 67: previous company law (except sub clause ix relating to Registration of Companies (Sikkim) Act, 1961
11. Definition Continued…. 68: private company 69: promoter (new) 70: prospectus 71: public company 72: public financial institution 73: recognised stock exchange 74: register of companies (new) 75: registrar 76: related party 77: relative (My Comment: the list of relatives as per sub clause iii is yet to be prescribed)
12. Definition Continued…. 78: remuneration 79: schedule 80: scheduled bank 81: securities 82: securities and exchange board 84: share 86: subscribed capital (new) 87: subsidiary company or subsidiary (except the proviso and explanation (d)
13. Definition Continued…. 88: sweat equity shares 89: total voting power 90: tribunal (new) 91: turnover (new) 92: unlimited company (new) 93: voting right (new) 94: whole time director (new) 95: words & expression borrowed from SCRA, SEBI and Depositories Act…
14. Chapter – II Incorporation • Sections ranging from 3 to 22 • Total 20 sections • Out of which 3 sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified sections are 19,21,22
15. Membership of holding companyNo holding company shall allot or transfer its shares to any of its subsidiary companies Subsidiary company shall not hold shares in its holding company (exceptions provided in 19(1)(a),(b),(c) and Subsidiary Co. not to hold shares in its holding Company New Act (section 19) Old Act (corresponding 42) 
16. A document or proceeding requiring authentication by the company may be signed by a director, manager, secretary or other authorised officer of the companyAuthentication of documents and proceedings  A document or proceeding or contracts may be signed by any KMP or an officer duly authorised by the Board in this behalf Authentication of documents, proceedings and contracts New Act (section 21) Old Act (corresponding 54) 
17. Execution of bills of exchange etc. New Act (section 22) Old Act (corresponding 47 & Bills of ExchangeDeeds signed by such an POA holder shall bind the company New: Execution of other deeds – POA A bill of exchange, hundi or promissory note shall be deemed to be proper if signed by any person acting under its authority, express or implied 48) & Promissory Notes
18. Chapter – III Prospectus & Allotment of Sec • This chapter is divided into 2 parts • Part I – Public Offer and Part II – Private Placement • Sections ranging from 23 to 42, i.e. (23 to 41) and 42 • Total 20 sections • Out of which 15 sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13, all in Part I • The notified sections are 23, 24, 25, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39 and 40
19. This is a new provision and no corresponding section could be found23(2): Issue of shares by private companies 23(1)(b): Private placement of shares by public companies It is to be noted here that 23(1)(b) and 23(2) has yet not been notified It provides the ways in which: Public company or a Private company may issue securities. Public offer and pvt. placement New Act (section 23) Old Act (NEW provision) 
20. Power of SEBI to regulate issue & Powers of Securities and Exchange Board of India Scope widened It provides the provisions for the administration of issue and transfer of securities by SEBI, in relation to: *Issue and transfer of securities; and *Non-payment of dividend By *listed companies or *those companies which intends to get there securities listed transfer of securities etcNew Act (section 24) O. Act(corresponding 55A) 
21. Document containing offer of shares or debentures for sale to be deemed prospectusThis sub section brings out additional information required to be mentioned in the prospectus It is to be noted that section 25(3) has not been notified. Any document by which the offer for sale of securities is made to the public, it shall be deemed to be a prospectus and all sections for the same, shall be applicable to it. Doc containing offer of sec. for sale to be deemed prospectusNew Act (section 25) Old Act(corresponding 64) 
22. Applicable to every listed company making an initial public offer of any security for a sum of Rs 10 Crores or moreOther companies may issue securities in physical or demat form Applicable to every company making public offer and such other class of public companies as may be prescribed Public Offer of Sec to be in Demat New Act (section 29) Old Act(corresponding 68B) 
23. Where any prospectus is published as a newspaper ad, it can do away with specification of the contents of the memorandum or signatories thereto or the number of shares subscribed by themCapital Structure Subscriber Details Share Capital Liability of Members Objects Ad of Prospectus published in any manner shall specify the contents of its MOA: Advertisement of Prospectus New Act (section 30) Old Act(corresponding 66) 
24. Only Public Financial Institutions, Public Sector or Scheduled Banks whose main object is financing allowed to issue SPOption to Refund Money Prior to any subsequent offer under the same SP, Co. to file with ROC Information Memorandum on new charges created or of any change in financial position Date of Opening becomes Commencing Date Period of Validity 1 year At the stage of 1st offer of securities Any class of companies prescribed by SEBI may file SP with ROC Shelf Prospectus (SP) New Act (section 31) Old Act(corresponding 60A) 
25. Information Memorandum (IM)Upon closing of the offer, the details of information to be filed with ROC and SEBI RHP to be filed with ROC at least 3 days prior to opening of subscription list and the offer RHP may be issued prior to issue of Prospectus Co. proposing to make an offer of securities IM now RHP Red Herring Prospectus (RHP) New Act (section 32) Old Act(corresponding 60B) 
26. Every form of Application Issued for purchase of any Securities shall be accompanied by an abridgeIssue of Application Forms for Securities New Act (section 33) Old Act(Corresponding 56) Form was required to be accompanied by a Memorandum containing such salient features of a prospectus as was prescribedNew Section Corresponds to Sec 56(3) Matters to be stated and reports to be set out in Prospectus This sub section brings out the penalty provisions in case of default It is to be noted that section 33(3) has not been notified. Talks about abridged prospectus d Prospectus 
27. Earlier penal provision was for untrue statements only Had reasonable grounds to believe etc  Immaterial Escape mechanism if the person can prove that such statement or omission was Persons who have authorized the issue of such prospectus shall also be criminally liable Section 447 (Punishment for Fraud) invoked Any statement which is Untrue or Misleading in form or context or Inclusion or omission likely to mislead Criminal Liability for Mis-statements in Prospectus New Act (section 34) Old Act(Corresponding 63) 
28. The option to withdraw on becoming aware of any untrue statement after issue of prospectus and before allotment has been dispensed with-Sec 62(3)(b)It is to be noted that section 35(1)(e) which deals with inclusion of experts in the gamut has not been notified. Where prospectus issued with an intention to defraud every person liable under this section shall be personally liable without any limitation for the losses incurred by any person who has subscribed Civil Liability in case of prospectus issued for all type of securities. Civil Liability for Mis-statements in Prospectus New Act (section 35) Old Act(Corresponding 62) 
29. It was a compoundable offenceBank and Financial Institutions were not covered A non compoundable offence This includes any agreement with a view to obtaining credit facilities from bank or financial institutions. Persons who fraudulently induces persons to invest money shall be liable for action under Sec 447 (Punishment for Fraud) Punishment for Fraudulently inducing persons to Invest money New Act (section 36) Old Act(Corresponding 68) 
30. Action by Affected Persons (Sec 37) • New Section • A suit may be filed or • Any other action may be taken • U/s 34, 35 or 36 • By any person, group of persons or any association of persons • Affected by any misleading statements, inclusion, omission • of any matter in the prospectus
31. Multiple applications in different name or in different combination was not included earlierDisgorgement provisions was not there earlier The amount so received by the court to be credited to the IAP fund. Court may order disgorgement of gains, if any and seizure and disposal of the securities Punishment u/s 447 (Fraud) for persons who apply in fictitious names, multiple applications Punishment for Personation for Acquisition etc of Securities New Act (section 38) Old Act(Corresponding 68A) 
32. Allotment of Securities by Companies New Act (section 39) Old Act(Corresponding 69 & Only pertaining to SharesReturn as to Allotments (Sec 75) Prohibition of Allotment unless Minimum Subscription Recd (Sec 69) It is to be noted that section 39(4) relating to Return of Allotment has not been notified. Rs 1000/- penalty for each day of continuing default Co. having a share capital on allotment of securities (earlier only shares) file a return of allotment with ROC Where no minimum amount has been subscribed and money received the amount needs to be refunded to all applicants within 30 days from date of issue of prospectus 75) 
33. Securities to be dealt with in SE New Act (section 40) Old Act(Corresponding 73 & Power to pay certain commission and prohibition of payment of all other commission, discount etc (Sec 76)Allotment of shares and debentures to be dealt in on SE (Sec 73) Scope widened from shares and debentures to securities It is to be noted that section 40(6) relating to commission payment has not been notified. Co. may commission to any person in connection with subscription of securities Application money recd from the public to be kept in separate bank account. Prospectus to mention name of SE where the securities will be dealt with 76) 
34. Chapter – IV Share Capital & Debentures • Sections ranging from 43 to 72 • Total 30 sections • Out of which 12 sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified sections are 44, 45, 49, 50, 51, 57, 58, 59, 60, 65, 69 & 70
35. Provisions retainedNo Change Shares or Debentures or other interest of any member in the company shall be moveable property transferable in the manner provided in AOA Nature of Shares or Debentures New Act (section 44) Old Act(Corresponding 82) 
36. Numbering of Shares (provisions retained)No Major change Save and except Shares held by a person as beneficial owner in a depository account Shares of such a company to be distinguished by its distinctive number Company having a share capital Numbering of Shares New Act (section 45) Old Act(Corresponding 83) 
37. Provisions retainedWhen calls are made for further capital on shares of a particular class, the calls shall be made uniformly. No change Calls on Shares of Same Class to be made on uniform basis New Act (section 49) Old Act(Corresponding 91) 
38. Provisions retainedThe acceptance of such amount shall not confer any voting rights against the amount paid till the call has been made. Allows a Company if authorized by its AOA to accept amounts from members which are unpaid on the shares even though no call has been made. No change Company to accept unpaid share capital although not called up New Act (section 50) Old Act(Corresponding 92) 
39. Provisions retainedCompany if authorized by AOA may pay dividend in proportion to the amount paid up on each share No Change Payment of Dividend in proportion to amount paid up New Act (section 51) Old Act(Corresponding 93) 
40. Provisions retainedIt provides penalty for a person who deceitfully personates the owner of any share or interest Punishment for Personation of Shareholder New Act (section 57) Old Act(Corresponding 116) 
41. Refusal of Registration & Contract or arrangement in respect of securities was not there earlier58(2)-Securities in a public company is freely transferable. However, the act recognizes contract or arrangement in respect of transfer of securities Notice to be sent to transferor and transferee giving reasons for refusal 58(1)-Refusal by Private Ltd Co- to send intimation within 30 days from the date on which instrument of transfer/transmission is delivered to the Co. Appeal against Refusal New Act (section 58) Old Act(Corresponding 111, 111A) 
42. Refusal of Registration & 58(3)-Transferee may appeal to tribunal against refusal. Either within 30 days from the date ofAppeal against Refusal….contd New Act (section 58) Old Act(Corresponding 111, 111A) Timelines changed as compared to earlier provisions58(4)-In case of pub co- transferee may appeal within a period of 60 days from such refusal or 90 days from the lodgment date refusal notice or in case no notice recd, 60 days from the lodgment date 
43. Foreign Members or debenture holders’ appeal provision was not there earlierEarlier only applicable to shares and debentures  Foreign members or debenture holders to prefer an appeal with a competent court to be set up outside India for restoration of their names.  If a person’s name is omitted from the Register of Members without sufficient cause the aggrieved can appeal to the Tribunal for reinstatement of his name.  Scope widened to Securities Rectification of Registration of Members New Act (section 59) Old Act(Corresponding 111, 111A) 
44. Publication of Authorized, Subscribed & Provisions Retained Penalty for non-compliance laid down  if a Co publishes a notice, advertisement or other official publications or business letter which states the amount of Authorized Share Capital the Company should state in the said document the details of the subscribed and paid up capital. Paid Up Capital New Act (section 60) Old Act(Corresponding 148) 
45. Provisions Retained-No Change Unlimited Company may be allowed to increase its Nominal Capital provided that the same shall not be called up except at the time of winding up. Unlimited Company to Provide for Reserve Share Capital on Conversion into Limited Company New Act (section 65) Old Act(Corresponding 98) 
46. Usage for Bonus Issue earlier not specifiedProvisions Retained  The said Reserve can be used for a bonus issue.  Where there is a buy back out of Free Reserves or Share premium Account the amount equal to nominal value of shares bought back should be transferred to CRR(Capital Redemption Reserve) Transfer of Certain Sums to CRR Account New Act (section 69) Old Act(Corresponding 77AA) 
47. Provisions Retained It is to be noted that section 70(2) relating to prohibition of buy back of its own shares or securities under certain situations has not been notified  In case a co. defaults as prescribed, prohibition of buy back has an exception: if default is remedied and a period of 3 years has lapsed after such default ceased to subsist.  A Co. cannot buy back its own shares directly or indirectly through any Subsidiary or Investment Company. Prohibition for Buyback in Certain Circumstances New Act (section 70) Old Act(Corresponding 77B) 
48. Chapter – V Acceptance of Deposits by Co.’s • Sections ranging from 73-76 • Total 4 sections • Out of which ‘NO’ sections has been notified as yet
49. Chapter – VI Registration of Charges • Sections ranging from 77-87 • Total 11 sections • Out of which only 1 section has been made applicable from 12.09.2013 • The notified section is 86
50. Provisions Retained Penal provisions have been made stringent  If the Company fails to comply with the provisions relating to Chapter VI, penalty will be imprisonment which may extend to six months or fine of minimum Rs.25,000 and maximum of Rs. 1 lac or with both. Punishment for Contravention New Act (section 86) Old Act(Corresponding 142) 
51. Chapter – VII Management & Administration • Sections ranging from 88 to 122 • Total 35 sections • Out of which 13 sections has been notified from 12.09.13 • The notified sections are 91, 100, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107, 111, 112, 113, 114 and 116
52. As per plain reading was applicable to all companiesNot applicable to other Security Holders Power to close Register of Members or Debenture Holders Applicable only to Listed or those intending to get their securities listed Manner for closure will be as specified by SEBI Power to Close Register of Members or Debenture Holders or other Security Holders New Act (section 91) Old Act(Corresponding 154) 
53. Other provisions broadly retainedThis means that adjournment to a date after the expiry of three months no more holds good The explanation which was given in the erstwhile 169(7) (b) has now been removed It is to be noted that section 100(6) relating to reimbursement of expenses incurred by requisitionists from the fee or other remuneration under Sec 197 payable to directors who were in default in calling the meeting, has not been notified Calling of Extra-ordinary General Meeting New Act (section 100) Old Act(Corresponding 169) 
54. Not applicable from 11.09.2013Disclosure for KMP was not required To specify the nature of concern or interest, financial or otherwise, if any in respect of each of the following persons: 1. Every Director and the Manager, if any 2. Every other KMP and 3. Relatives of the persons mentioned above and 4. Also as per 102(1)(b) to give any other information and facts that may enable members to understand the meaning , scope and implications. Statement to be Annexed to Notice New Act (section 102) Old Act(Corresponding 173) 
55. Earlier for such disclosure %age was 20102(4)-In case of any benefit or profit by the concerned Promoter, Directors, KMP etc which accrues due to insufficient/non-disclosure, the said person will be liable to compensate the company as specified 102(2)(b)-Disclosure of %age of shareholding in any other co. under consideration to be made if the %age of shares held in that co is not less than 2% Statement to be Annexed to Notice….contd New Act (section 102) Old Act(Corresponding 173) 
56. 1000Requirement of Quorum in public co. changed Quorum for Meetings New Act (section 103) Old Act(Corresponding 174) <= 5 members < 1000 or >= 5000-15 members <2 members personally present for private co.5 members personally present in case of public co 103(2)-Where GM adjourned for lack of quorum, the co. to give not less than notice to members individually by an advertisement in newspaper 103(1)(b)- for private limited company 2 members personally present 5000- 30 Members 
57. Provisions retainedOn a poll being demanded for this, to be taken forthwith and such other elected person to be the Chairman for the rest of the meeting The members personally present shall elect one amongst themselves to be the Chairman of meeting on a show of hands unless the AOA otherwise provides Chairman of Meetings New Act (section 104) Old Act(Corresponding 175) 
58. It is to be noted that the 3rd and 4th proviso to Sec 105(1) which relates to first 2 points mentioned herein above has not been notified. Also 105(7) not notifieProxy will no more be able to vote by show of hands One person cannot represent as proxy for more than 50 members Central Government given the power to prescribe class of companies whose members shall not be entitled to appoint another member as proxy Proxies New Act (section 105) Old Act(Corresponding 176) The provision of 48 hours has been retained as it isd 
59. Restriction on voting rights New Act (section 106) Old Act(Corresponding 181,182 & Section 183: Right of member to use his votes differentlySection 182: Restrictions on exercise of voting right in other cases to be void Section 181: Restriction on exercise of voting right of members who have not paid calls etc. Previously, private limited companies could prescribe other restrictions, which now no more allowed This section basically mentions that a person can only be prohibited from exercising the voting rights if the call money or other sums payable by him has not been paid or in cases where the company has exercised any right to lien Broadly the provisions have been retained All the 3 sections merged into 1 183) 
60. Voting by show of hands New Act (section 107) Old Act(Corresponding 177 & Section 178: Chairman’s declaration of result of voting by show of hands to be conclusiveSection 177: Voting to be by show of hands in first instance The underlined words above, has been added in the new law Section 107(1): At any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall, unless a poll is demanded under section 109 or the vote is carried out electronically, be decided on a show of hands. The provisions have been retained 2 sections merged into 1 178) 
61. The provision of restriction of circulating statement of not more than 1000 words by the members has been dispensed with in the new lawSection 188: Mentioned eligibility as 1/20th of voting power And the penalty provisions And it lays down the process as to how and where the requisitionists need to deposit the notice etc. Eligibility reduced to 1/10 (company having share capital) This section mentions that the eligibility criteria for members of companies with or without share capital will be as mentioned in section 100 Circulation of member’s resolution New Act (section 111) Old Act(Corresponding 188) 
62. Representation of President & Complete provisions retainedIncluding the right to vote by proxy That member will be deemed to be the member of the company and shall exercise the same rights and powers as the President or the Governor could have exercised May appoint any person to act his representative at any meeting of a company Provides that the President of India or the Governor of a State, if he is a member of company Governors in meetings New Act (section 112) Old Act(Corresponding 187A) 
63. Complete provisions retainedSec 113(1)(b) not notified The underlined words have been added in the section The authorised person to exercise the same rights and powers, including the right to vote by proxy and by postal ballot Such authorisation to be given by way of board meeting resolution Provides that if a body corporate is a member of company, it can authorise any person to act as its representative at any meeting of a company Representation of Corporations at meetings of companies and of creditors New Act (section 113) Old Act(Corresponding 187) 
64. Ordinary & Complete provisions retainedThe word ‘electronically’ has been introduced in section 114(1) and (2) A resolution shall be a special resolution when it is specified to be considered that way in the notice and the votes cast in favour is 3 times the votes cast against Provides that a resolution shall be an ordinary resolution if the votes cast in favour exceeds the votes cast against the resolution, including the casting vote, if any Special Resolutions New Act (section 114) Old Act(Corresponding 189) 
65. Complete provisions retainedA resolution passed at an adjourned meeting of: a. Company or b. The holders of any class of shares c. BOD Shall for all purposes be treated as passed on the date on which it is passed and is not supposed to be deemed to be passed at any earlier date Resolutions passed at adjourned meeting New Act (section 116) Old Act(Corresponding 191) 
66. Chapter – VIII Declaration & Payment of Div • Sections ranging from 123 to 127 • Total 5 sections • Out of which 1 section has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified section is 127
67. It is to be noted that in the new law, imprisonment has been reduced from 3 to 2 yearsIn the heading of the section, the word ‘punishment’ has replaced the word ‘penalty’ Provisions has been retained The heading read as ‘Penalty for failure to distribute dividends within 30 days 5 points have been mentioned when no offence will be deemed to have been committed The punishment is imprisonment which may extend to 2 years and with fine not less than Rs.1000 for every day of continuing default This section prescribes penalty provisions for the directors, who knowingly is party to the default Dividend to be paid within 30 days from declaration date Punishment for failure to distribute dividends New Act (section 127) Old Act(Corresponding 207) 
68. Chapter – IX Accounts of Companies • Sections ranging from 128 to 138 • Total 11 sections • Out of which 1 section has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified section is 133
69. There was a mention of the National Advisory Committee on Accounting StandardsNFRA means National Financial Reporting Authority CG means Central Government The CG would consult with NFRA* and examine the recommendations made by NFRA As recommended by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India The CG* may prescribe the standards of accounting or any addendum thereto Central Government to prescribe accounting standards New Act (section 133) Old Act(Corresponding 211(3C)) 
70. Chapter – X Audit & Auditors • Sections ranging from 139 to 148 • Total 10 sections • Out of which ‘NO’ section has been made applicable from 12.09.13
71. Chapter – XI Appointment & Qualificatn of Dirs • Sections ranging from 149 to 172 • Total 24 sections • Out of which 3 sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified sections are 161, 162 and 163
72. Appointment of additional director, alternate director & Section 313: Appointment and term of office of alternate directorsSection 262: Filling of casual vacancies among directors Section 260: Additional Directors This person should not be holding any alternate directorship for any other director in the company Section 161(2) deals with alternate dir: BOD may appoint any person to act as alternate director for any director during his absence for a period not less than 3 months form India Section 161(1) deals with addl dir (AD): BOD can appoint AD’s. Person who fails to get appointed in a general meeting will not be eligible to be appointed as AD All the 3 sections merged into 1 nominee director New Act (section 161) Old Act(Corresponding 260,262,313)
73. Appointment of additional director, alternate director & nominee director…..contd New Act (section 161) Old Act(CorrSection 313: Appointment and term of office of alternate directorsSection 262: Filling of casual vacancies among directors Section 260: Additional Directors Section 161(3) deals with nominee dir: BOD may appoint any person as a director nominated by any: a. institution b. any agreement c. CG or the State Government The period upto which alternate director remains in office has been specified To get appointed as alternate director to any independent director, the incumbent also have to satisfy the conditions laid down for independent directors esponding 260,262,313)
74. Appointment of additional director, alternate director & Section 313: Appointment and term of office of alternate directorsSection 262: Filling of casual vacancies among directors Section 260: Additional Directors It is to be noted that provisions of section 161(2) relating to alternate directors has not been notified yet Section 161(4) deals with filing up of casual vacancies: In case of public companies whose office of directors are vacated before expiry of his term, the resulting vacancy can be filled by the BOD nominee director…..contd New Act (section 161) Old Act(Corresponding 260,262,313)
75. Broadly, the provisions has been retainedIn 1956 Act, it was applicable to public company and a private company which is a subsidiary of a public company In the new law, this section has been made applicable to private limited companies also Unless an approval for en-bloc appointment has been resolved at a meeting without a single vote cast against it A single resolution cannot be passed for appointment of more than 1 director Appointment of directors to be voted individually New Act (section 162) Old Act(Corresponding 263) 
76. Broadly, the provisions has been retainedIn 1956 Act, it was applicable to public company and a private company which is a subsidiary of a public company In the new law, this section has been made applicable to private limited companies also Provides that the AOA of a company may provide for appointment of not less than 2/3rd of the total number of the directors in accordance with the principle of proportional representation Option to adopt principle of proportional representation for appointment of directors New Act (section 163) Old Act(Corresponding 265) 
77. Chapter – XII Meeting of Board & its Powers • Sections ranging from 173 to 195 • Total 23 sections • Out of which 9 sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified sections are 176, 180, 181, 182, 183, 185, 192, 194 and 195
78. The word ‘discovered’ in the old act has been replaced with ‘noticed’ in the new actProvisions have been retained The further acts of directors will be considered as invalid after his appointment have been so noticed by the company By reason of any: a. Defect or b. Disqualification c.Termination by virtue of any provision in the Act or in AOA Any act done by a person as a director shall not be invalid if it is subsequently noticed that his appointment was invalid Defects in appointment of directors not to invalidate actions taken New Act (section 176) Old Act(Corresponding 290) 
79. Quite a number of changes has been madeContribution to charitable funds as mentioned in old section 293(1)(e) has been removed and shifted to a new section Some powers now can be exercised by the BOD after passing special resolution vis-à-vis ordinary resolution in the old law The word, ‘undertaking’ and the expression, ‘substantially the whole of the undertaking’ has been defined Certain powers which can be exercised by the BOD with the approval of general meeting, are now applicable to private limited companies also Restrictions on powers of Board New Act (section 180) Old Act(Corresponding 293) 
80. Few changesThis permission only required if the amount, the aggregate of which, in any financial year, exceeds 5% of its average net profits for the 3 immediately preceding financial years Provided that, prior permission by way of resolution at a general meeting is obtained The BOD may contribute to bonafide charitable and other funds Company to contribute to bonafide and charitable funds etc. New Act (section 181) Old Act(Corresponding 293(1) (e)) 
81. Prohibitions & The way the said contribution needs to be disclosed in the profitWhat will be considered as a political contribution has been mentioned Manner and limits pertaining to political contributions has been laid in the section restrictions regarding political contributions New Act (section 182) Old Act(Corresponding 293A) & 293A(1)(b)(ii)Few changes ‘Political party’ means a political party registered u/s 29A of the Representation of the People’s Act, 1951 Punishment for contravention has been increased. loss account of the company has been mentioned too & Proviso to 293A(2) laid the limit of 5% which has been increased to 7.5% in the new law293A(2)(b) had a mention of contribution to any person for any political purpose. That is no more allowed in the new law 
82. Provisions retainedThe company to disclose in its profit and loss account, the total amount of contribution during the financial year to which it relates Or to any other Fund approved by the CG for the purpose of national defence Company can contribute such amount as it thinks fit to the National Defence Fund Power of Board and other persons to make contributions to National Defence Fund etc. New Act (section 183) Old Act(Corresponding 293B 
83. Most important change: The new act makes section 185 applicable to private limited companies also296: Application of section 295 to book debts in certain cases 295: Loans to directors etc. The section not only mentions loan but also guarantee or any security in connection with loan The expression ‘to any other person in whom director is interested’ has been defined Or to any other person, in whom the director is interested 185(1): Circumstances and manner in which a company shall advance any loan to any of its directors 2 sections combined into 1 Loan to Directors etc. New Act (section 185) Old Act(Corresponding 295, 296) 
84. New ProvisionThis section regulates the arrangements where the: a. Director of the company or b. Director of its holding company c. Director of its subsidiary company d. Director of its associate company acquires assets for consideration other than cash, from the company Restriction on non-cash transactions involving directors New Act (section 192) Old Act(Corresponding NIL) 
85. New ProvisionIn relation to the securities of the company From buying certain kinds of future contracts It seeks to prohibit whole time director or any of its KMP Prohibition on forward dealings in securities of company by director or KMP New Act (section 194) Old Act(Corresponding NIL) 
86. AbouDirectly or indirectly To deal in securities of a company, or counsel, procure or communicate It seeks to prohibit directors or any of its KMP Prohibition on insider trading of securities New Act (section 195) Old Act(Corresponding NIL) New Provisiont any non-public price sensitive information to any person 
87. Chapter – XIII Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial Personnel • Sections ranging from 196 to 205 • Total 10 sections • Out of which 1 section has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified section is 202
88. Provisions retained202(3) specifies the quantification of such compensation 202(2) lays down the cases when the payment by way of compensation will not be allowed Manner and circumstances in which any managing director or whole-time director or manager, shall be entitled to receive payment by way of compensation: - for loss of office or - as consideration for retirement from office or - in connection with such loss or retirement Compensation for loss of office of managing or whole-time director or manager New Act (section 202) Old Act(Corresponding 318) 
89. Chapter – XIV Inspection, Inquiry & Investigation • Sections ranging from 206 to 229 • Total 24 sections • Out of which ‘NO’ section has been made applicable from 12.09.13
90. Chapter – XV Compromise, Arrangement & Amalgamation • Sections ranging from 230 to 240 • Total 11 sections • Out of which ‘NO’ section has been made applicable from 12.09.13
91. Chapter – XVI Prevention of Oppression & Mismanagement • Sections ranging from 241 to 246 • Total 6 sections • Out of which ‘NO’ section has been made applicable from 12.09.13
92. Chapter – XVII Registered Valuer • Section 247 • Total 1 section • This section has NOT been made applicable from 12.09.13
93. Chapter – XVIII Removal of name of companies from the Register of Companies • Sections ranging from 248 to 252 • Total 5 sections • Out of which ‘NO’ sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13
94. Chapter – XIX Revival & Rehabilitation of sick companies • Sections ranging from 253 to 269 • Total 17 sections • Out of which ‘NO’ sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13
95. Chapter – XX Winding Up • Sections ranging from 270 to 365 • Total 96 sections • Out of which ‘NO’ sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • This chapter has been divided into 3 parts • Part I – Winding up by the Tribunal • Part II – Voluntary winding up • Part III – Provisions applicable to every winding up
96. Chapter – XXI Companies authorised to register under this Act • Sections ranging from 366 to 378 • Total 13 sections • Out of which ‘NO’ sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • This chapter has been divided into 2 parts • Part I – Companies authorised to register under this Act • Part II – Winding up of unregistered companies
97. Chapter – XXII Companies incorporated outside India • Sections ranging from 379 to 393 • Total 15 sections • Out of which 4 sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified sections are 379, 382, 383 and 386
98. Interestingly, the words used in section 591(2), ‘having an established place of business in India’ has been discontinued in the new lawProvisions retained And comply with other provisions as if it was a company incorporated in India Then such a foreign company will have to comply with Chapter XXII Is held by citizen(s) of India, companies or bodies corporate registered in India If not less than 50% of the paid-up capital of a foreign company Application of Act to foreign companies New Act (section 379) Old Act(Corresponding 591) 
99. 595(1)(a) mentioned that every foreign company shall in every prospectus inviting subscriptions in India for its shares or debentures, state the country in which the company is incorporated… this doesnot find place in the new lawBroad provisions retained 383(c)(ii): And also of its limited liability outside its every office 383(c)(i): If its liability is limited, cause notice of the same to be stated in every prospectus issued and official publications in legible english characters 383(b): same in all business letters, bill heads etc. 383(a): conspicuously exhibit, name, country in which incorporated in english and also in local use language, outside of its every office Every foreign company: Display with name etc. of foreign company New Act (section 382) Old Act(Corresponding 595) 
100. The word ‘by electronic mode’ has been added to section 383 in the new lawThe matter in provisos, ‘a’ and ‘b’ to section 596 has not been retained Or sent by electronic mode To that address And left at, or sent by post If addressed to any person whose name and address have been delivered to the ROC u/s 380 Shall be deemed to be sufficiently served Required to be served on a foreign company Any process, notice or other document Service on foreign company New Act (section 383) Old Act(Corresponding 596) 
101. The interpretation of the words ‘Prospectus’ and ‘Secretary’ has been dropped in the new lawIt is to be noted that sub-clause (a), i.e. the meaning of ‘certified’ has yet not been notified For the purposes of Chapter XXII: - ‘certified’ means certified in the prescribed manner to be a true copy or a correct translation - ‘director’ includes any person in accordance to whose directions or instructions the BOD is accustomed to act - ‘place of business’ includes a share transfer or registration office Interpretation New Act (section 386) Old Act(Corresponding 602) 
102. Chapter – XXIII Government Companies • Sections ranging from 394 to 395 • Total 2 sections • Out of which 1 section has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified section is 394
103. The language in the new law has been made simplerProvisions retained If State Government is a member, same provisions, just that the reports etc. be placed before both the Houses of the State Legislature And the same be laid before both the Houses of Parliament Along with the auditor’s report and comments of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India The CG shall cause to prepare the annual report on the working and affairs of the company 394(1): Where the CG is a member of a government company Annual reports on Government Companies New Act (section 394) Old Act(Corresponding 619A) 
104. Chapter – XXIV Registration offices & fees • Sections ranging from 396 to 404 • Total 9 sections • Out of which ‘NO’ section has been made applicable from 12.09.13
105. Chapter – XXV Companies to furnish information or statistics • Section 405 • Total 1 section • This section has been made applicable from 12.09.13
106. Power of CG to direct co. to furnish information or statisticsNew The provisions in section 615(5) relating to the power to order inquiry where the said information is not provided has been done away withBroad provisions retained 405(5): Applicable to foreign companies in relation to business carried on in India 405(4): Penal provisions 405(3): The CG for the purpose of satisfying itself, may seek for production of such records etc. 405(2): Every such order shall be published in the Official Gazette and may be addressed to companies in such manner as the CG may think fit 405(1): CG may require companies to furnish such information within such time as specified in its order Act (section 405) Old Act(Corresponding 615) 
107. Chapter – XXVI Nidhi • Section 406 • Total 1 section • This section has NOT been made applicable from 12.09.13
108. Chapter – XXVII National Company Law Tribunal and Appellate Tribunal • Sections ranging from 407 to 434 • Total 28 sections • Out of which 8 sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified sections are 407, 408, 409, 410, 411, 412, 413 and 414
109. Definitions New Act (section 407) Old Act(Corresponding 10FD & In the new law, the definitions of Chairperson, Member and President has been introducedIt seeks to provide the definitions of: a. Chairperson b. Judicial Member c. Member d. President e. Technical Member 10FR) 
110. Constitution of NCLT New Act (section 408) Old Act(Corresponding 10FB & In the new law, the upper limit of 62 has been done away withNCLT to consist of a President and such number of Judicial and Technical members, as the CG may deem necessary The CG shall, by notification, constitute, w.e.f. such date, as may be specified therein a Tribunal known as NCLT 10FC) 
111. Qualification of President & In the new law, the eligibility criteria for appointment of President, Judicial member, Technical member have changedThe eligibility criterias has been laid out for: a. President b. Judicial Member c. Technical Member Members of Tribunal New Act (section 409) Old Act(Corresponding 10FD) 
112. In the new law, the limit of members which was 2 has been increased to 11Consisting of: a. a chairperson and b. such number of Judicial and Technical members, not exceeding 11 The CG shall, by notification, constitute, w.e.f. such date as may be specified therein, an Appellate Tribunal to be known as the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal Constitution of Appellate Tribunal New Act (section 410) Old Act(Corresponding 10FR) 
113. In the new law, the qualifications for the Chairperson, Judicial member and the Technical member for NCALT has been modifiedQualifications of: a. Chairperson b. Judicial Member c. Technical Member has been laid out. Qualification of Chairperson and members of Appellate Tribunal New Act (section 411) Old Act(Corresponding 10FR) 
114. Selection of members of Tribunal & 412(1): President of the Tribunal and the ChairpersonAppellate Tribunal New Act (section 412) Old Act(Corresponding 10FX) & Which is not no in the new lawIn the old law, the time period within which the casual vacancy needs to be filled in was specified Also the composition of the selection committee has been changed In the new law, the selection process has been made stringent. 412(3): The secretary of MCA shall be the convener of the Selection Committee 412(2): The Members of the Tribunal and the Technical Members of the Appellate Tribunal to be appointed on the recommendation of the Selection Committee Judicial Members of the Appellate Tribunal shall be appointed after consultation with the Chief Justice of India 
115. Term of office of President, Chairperson and other MembersNew Act (section 413) Old Act(Corresponding 10FT & Quite a number of changes 413(4): Age limit for the Members of the Appellate Tribunal: Chairperson: 70 years Any other Member: 67 years Lower benchmark age for selection: 50  413(3): Chairperson or a Member of NCALT shall hold office for 5 years + 5 years (on reappointment)  413(2): Age limit for the Members of the Tribunal: President: 67 years Any other Member: 65 years Lower benchmark age for selection: 50  413(1): President and every other Member of the Tribunal shall hold office for 5 years + 5 years (on reappointment) 10FE)
116. and conditions of service of Members New Act (section 414) Old Act(Corresponding 10FG & No changeAnd that such sum or the terms etc. shall be varied to their disadvantage after their appointment Such sum as may be prescribed Service of the Members of the Tribunal and the Appellate Tribunal shall be The: salary allowances and other terms and conditions of 10FW) 
117. Chapter – XXVIII Special Courts • Sections ranging from 435 to 446 • Total 12 sections • Out of which 5 sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified sections are 439, 443, 444, 445 and 446
118. Quite a number of changes439(3): Offence relating to issue and transfer of securities and of non- payment of dividend, on the complaint by SEBI  439(2): Court shall take cognizance of any offence under this Act only when the complaint in writing has been made by the ROC, a shareholder or by a person authorised by the CG Section 212 deals with investigation into affairs of company by Serious Fraud Investigation Office. 212 is a new provision 439(1): Every offence except the ones mentioned in 212(6) shall be deemed to be non-cognizable offence Offences to be non-cognizable New Act (section 439) Old Act(Corresponding 621) 
119. The change is: where the CG appoints any Company Prosecutors, they shall have the same powers and privileges conferred on Public Prosecutors by the Criminal Procedure Code under section 24 of the Code instead of section 492 of the code, as provided in the old lawAppointed under section 24 of the Code On Public Prosecutors Shall have the powers and privileges conferred by the Criminal Procedure Code And the persons so appointed For the conduct of prosecutions arising out of this Act As Company Prosecutors One or more persons The CG may appoint Power of CG to appoint company prosecutors New Act (section 443) Old Act(Corresponding 624A) 
120. No changePassed by any Court other than a High Court To present an appeal from an Order of Acquittal Direct any Company Prosecutor or authorise any other person In any case arising under this Act The CG may Appeal against acquittal New Act (section 444) Old Act(Corresponding 624B) 
121. The old law specifically makes section 250 of the Criminal Procedure Code, non applicableSection 625 is quite long Before the Special Court or the Court of Session To compensation for accusation without reasonable cause Shall apply mutatis-mutandis The provisions of section 250 of the Code of Criminal Procedure Compensation for accusation without reasonable cause New Act (section 445) Old Act(Corresponding 625) 
122. The new law only mentions, CourtJust that there was a power which was also given to the Tribunal along with the Court, in the old law, which has been removed Provisions retained On whose information the proceedings were instituted Towards payment of reward to person Shall be applied towards payment of cost of proceedings or May direct that the whole or any part thereof The Court imposing any fine under this Act Application of Fines New Act (section 446) Old Act(Corresponding 626) 
123. Chapter – XXIX Miscellaneous • Sections ranging from 447 to 470 • Total 24 sections • Out of which 12 sections has been made applicable from 12.09.13 • The notified sections are 456, 457, 458, 459, 460, 461, 462, 463, 467, 468, 469 and 470
124. Provisions retainedFor acts done or intended to be done in good faith shall lie against the Government or any other person authorised by the government No suit, prosecution or other legal proceedings Protection of Action Taken on Good Faith New Act (section 456) Old Act(Corresponding 635A) 
125. Provisions retainedHas been material in connection with such investigation The source from where he got any information which led the CG to order an investigation u/s 210 or Shall not be compelled to disclose to any court etc The registrar, any officer of the government or any other person Non Disclosure of Information in Certain Cases New Act (section 457) Old Act(Corresponding 635AA) 
126. Delegation by CG of its powers & In the old law no delegation was allowed in some specified sectionsCG can delegate its power and functions under all provisions of the Act in the new law Quite a number of changes 458(2)-Copy of every notification as soon as it is issued be laid before each house of parliament The powers to enforce the provisions in Sec 194 and 195 relating to forward dealing and insider trading to be delegated to SEBI only The delegation could be made to such authority or officer as prescribed By way of notification 458(1)-CG may delegate any of its powers and functions under this act other than the power to make rules functions New Act (section 458) Old Act(Corresponding 637) 
127. Provisions RetainedEvery application made to the CG or the Tribunal shall be accompanied by such fees as may be prescribed While according approval, sanction, consent, confirmation or recognition to any matter the CG or the Tribunal give any direction or grant any essentials in relation to any matter Powers of CG or Tribunal to accord approval etc New Act (section 459) Old Act(Corresponding 637A) 
128. Provisions RetainedBy citing the reasons to be recorded in writing CG may condone the delay Has not been filed within the specified time 460(b): Where any document required to be filed with the ROC under this Act By citing the reasons to be recorded in writing CG may condone the delay Has not been made within the specified time 460(a): If any application required to be made to the CG under this Act Condonation in delay in certain cases New Act (section 460) Old Act(Corresponding 637B) 
129. Provisions RetainedOf the close of the year to which the report relates Within 1 year To be prepared and laid before each House of Parliament On the working and administration of this Act Shall cause a general annual report The CG Annual Report by Central Government New Act (section 461) Old Act(Corresponding 638) 
130. In the old law, the power to exempt could have been exercised in relation to Government Companies onlyA copy of the notification to be aid in both the Houses of the Parliament Shall apply with such exceptions, modifications etc. as may be specified in the notification Direct that any of the provisions of this Act shall not apply to such class or classes of companies or By way of notification The CG may in the public interest Power to exempt companies from provisions of this Act New Act (section 462) Old Act(Corresponding 620) 
131. Provisions retainedProvided that he has acted honestly and reasonably and having regard to all the circumstances of the case The Court has the power to grant relief to any officer of a Company in respect of the negligence, default, breach of duty, misfeasance or breach of trust Power of Court to grant relief in certain cases New Act (section 463) Old Act(Corresponding 633) 
132. Provisions retainedThe manner of laying the same has been laid in the Act Notification to be laid immediately before each House of Parliament Any such alteration shall come into force on the date of notification, unless the notification otherwise directs CG may by notification alter any of the regulations, rules, tables, forms and other provisions contained in any of the schedules to this Act Power of CG to amend schedules New Act (section 467) Old Act(Corresponding 641) 
133. Provisions retainedThe rules made by the Supreme Court shall continue to be in force till the CG make rules CG may make rules relating to matters of winding up of companies Power of CG to make rules relating to winding up New Act (section 468) Old Act(Corresponding 643) 
134. Few changesManner of laying in both the Houses has been mentioned in the Act Every rule to be laid before both the Houses of Parliament Any rule may provide that a contravention to the rules shall be punishable with fine which may extend to Rs.5000 and Rs.500 per day for continuing default By way of notification The CG may make rules for carrying out the provisions of this Act Power of CG to make rules New Act (section 469) Old Act(Corresponding 642) 
135. NEW provisionEvery such Order will have to be laid before both the Houses of Parliament But no such order can be made after the expiry of 5 years from the date of commencement of section 1 of this Act Make such provisions for removing the difficulty The CG may, by order in the Official Gazette If any difficulty arises in giving effect to the provisions of this Act Power of remove difficulties New Act (section 470) Old Act(Corresponding NIL) 
136. Out of which: 1. 16 Rules have been placed for public comments on 09.09.2013. Last date for receiving comments is 08.10.2013 2. 9 Rules have been placed for public comments on 20.09.2013. Last date for receiving comments is 19.10.2013 3. 4 Rules will be placed in 1st week of Oct
137. First set of draft rules • The draft Rules for 16 chapters are for: 1. Chapter I - Preliminary 2. Chapter II - Incorporation of Company and Matters Incidental Thereto 3. Chapter VI - Registration of Charges 4. Chapter VIII - Declaration and Payment of Dividend
138. First set of draft rules….contd 5. Chapter IX - Accounts of Companies 6. Chapter X - Audit and Auditors 7. Chapter XI - Appointment and Qualification of Directors 8. Chapter XII - Meeting of Board and its Powers 9. Chapter XVI - Prevention of Oppression & Mismanagement 10. Chapter XVIII - Removal of Name of Companies from the Register of Companies 11. Chapter XIX - Revival and Rehabilitation of Sick Companies
139. First set of draft rules….contd 12. Chapter XXII - Companies Incorporated Outside India 13. Chapter XXIV - Registration Offices and Fees 14. Chapter XXVI - Nidhi 15. Chapter XXVII - National Company Law Tribunal and Appellate Tribunal 16. Chapter XXIX - Miscellaneous
140. Second set of draft rules • The draft Rules for 9 chapters are for: 1. Chapter III - Prospectus and Allotment of Securities 2. Chapter IV - Shares Capital and Debentures 3. Chapter VII - Management and Administration 4. Chapter XIII - Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel
141. Second set of draft rules…contd 5. Chapter XV - Compromises, Merger and Amalgamations 6. Chapter XVII - Registered Valuers 7. Chapter XXI - Companies authorized to register under this Act 8. Chapter XXVII - National Company Law Tribunal and Appellate Tribunal 9. Chapter XXVIII - Special Courts (Mediation and Conciliation Panel)
142. NEW FORMS • Many new forms have been included in the Rules • Now the information required in the forms is more detailed, in order to ensure clarity and further transparency • A note has been inserted at the bottom of the forms for making the officers of the companies aware of the punishment for false statement and certification
143. Disclaimer • The contents of this presentation is based on my understanding and interpretation of the relevant law. The contents are summarized. Please study the provisions in detail before taking any decision on the basis of the information provided in this presentation.
The Companies Act, 2013 has been passed by LokSabha as well as RajyaSabha and the President has given his consent to the same in August 2013. 98 sections of the Act, have come into force. 2 sets of the draft rules have also been circulated.
The Companies Act, 1956 (existing Act) contains 658 sections and XV schedules. The Act, has 464 sections and 7 schedules. 
The Act, has lesser sections as the Companies will be governed more through the rules which are yet to be prescribed.
The notes below are prepared based on the provisions of the Act. It may need to be amended/ modified, deleted/ added, as per the Rules as may be prescribed, as well as interpretation as it may emerge over a period of time.
The notes are in respect of provisions which may affect us. The provisions such as winding up, prospectus etc., have not been mentioned in the notes.
Points of Comparison Companies Act, 2013 Companies Act, 1956
FORMATION OF COMPANY
Minimum No. of persons required to form a company 
One Person can form a One Person Company.
Minimum 2 for a private company other than OPC.
Minimum 7 for a public co. 
One Person can’t form a company.
Minimum 2 for a private company.
Minimum 7 for a public co.
Types of companies that can be formed 15 Types of Companies.
In addition to the 10 types that could be formed under the 1956 Act as per Col. (3), following 5 new types of Cos. can be formed under 2013 Act:
• One Person company (OPC) limited by shares 
• OPC limited by guarantee & having share capital 
• OPC limited by guarantee having no share capital 
• OPC Unlimited Company having share capital 10 Types as under:
• Public company limited by shares 
• Public company limited by guarantee & having share capital 
• Public company limited by guarantee & having share capital & having no share capital
• Public Unlimited company having share capital 
• Private Company limited by shares
Maximum number of members allowed in private company 200 (for a private company other than OPC) 50
MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION (MOA)
Objects clause of Memorandum Objects of the Company to be classified and stated in MOA as : (i) the objects for which the company is proposed to be incorporated and (ii) any matter considered necessary in furtherance thereof.
 Objects of the Company should be classified and stated in MOA as : (i) the main objects of the company; (ii) Objects incidental or ancillary to the attainment of the main objects and (iii) other objects of the company.
Availability of name Section 4(4) and 4(5)(i) of the 2013 Act incorporate the procedural aspects of application for availability of name of proposed company or proposed new name for existing company. Procedural aspects of application for availability of name find no place in the 1956 Act.
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
Entrenchment provisions in Articles Articles may contain such provisions No enabling provisions in 1956 Act for articles to contain entrenchment provisions.
COMMENCEMENT OF BUSINESS
Commencement of Business A company having a share capital (whether public or private) shall not commence any business or exercise any borrowing powers unless-
(a) a declaration is filed by a director or with the Registrar that every subscriber to the memorandum has paid the value of the shares agreed to be taken by him and the paid up capital of the company is not less than Rs.5,00,000 in case of a public company and not less than Rs.1,00,000 in case of a private company on the date of making this declaration; and 
(b) The company has filed with the Registrar a verification of its registered office in such manner as may be prescribed; also section 12(2) of the 2013 Act
While section 149 of the 1956 Act applied only to public companies having share capital, section 11 of the 2013 Act, unlike the 1956 Act, empowers ROC to initiate action for the removal of the name of the company from the register under Chapter XVIII if the following conditions are satisfied:
• no declaration has been filed with the Registrar as in Point (a) above within 180 days of the date of incorporation of the company and 
• the Registrar has reasonable cause to believe that the company is not carrying on any business or operations. A company having a share capital cannot commence business or exercise borrowing powers unless it has complied with formalities as under:-
(A) where the company has issued a prospectus
(i) the minimum number of shares which have to be paid for in cash have been allotted.
(ii) Every director has paid on his shares an amount equal to what is payable on shares offered to public on application and allotment.
(iii) No money is or may become refundable due to failure to apply for or obtain permission for listing from any recognized stock exchange/(s); and
(iv) A statutory declaration by the secretary or one of the directors that the above requirements have been complied with is filed with ROC.
(B) Where the company has not issued a prospectus 
(i) It has filed with ROC a statement in lieu of prospectus at least 3 days before allotment; and
(ii) The conditions at (ii) and (iv) in (A) above are complied with.
REGISTERED OFFICE
From which date, company must have a registered office? On and from the 15th day of its incorporation. From the earlier of the following two dates:
 The day on which it begins to carry on business,
 The thirtieth day after the date of its incorporation.
Consequences of not furnishing verification of registered office / notice of change in registered office
  The company and every officer who is in default shall be liable to a penalty of Rs.1000 for every day during which the default continues but not exceeding Rs.1,00,000
 A company having share capital shall not be entitled to commence any business or exercise any borrowing power until it is furnished. 
Notice of change of registered office address to ROC-Time Limit To be given to ROC within 15 days of such change. To be given to ROC within 30 days of such change.
Whether inclusion in the annual return of a company of a statement as to the address of its registered office is notice of situation of registered office / notice of change of registered office? The 2013 Act is silent on this issue. No. Section 147(3) of the 1956 Act.
Alteration of the clause relating to the place of the registered office from one State to another  The alteration procedure under the 2013 Act is lot more simplified and also time-bound. The Central Government shall dispose of the application within a period of 60 days.
 No requirement of the 2013 Act that shifting be for specified purposes. Provisions of section 17(1) of the 1956 Act have been omitted by the 2013 Act.
 No time limit prescribed for filing special resolution and certified copy of Central Government’s order confirming alteration under the 2013 Act. Only thing is that till documents are filed, alteration will not take effect.  There was no time-limit under the 1956 Act within which Central Government was bound to dispose of the applications for shifting registered office from one state to another.
 Shifting registered office from one state to another should be for one of the specified purposes section 17(1) of the 1956 Act
 Filing of a certified copy of the order of Central Government confirming the alteration along with a copy of memorandum as altered within 3 months from the date of the order with the Registrar of the State from which office is shifted and the Registrar of the State to which the office is to be shifted Sec. 18(1)(b) & Sec.18(3) of the 1956 Act. Further, if the documents required to be filed with the Registrar are not filed within the period of 3 months as aforesaid, the alteration and the order of the Central Government and all proceedings connected therewith, shall, at the expiry of such period, would become void and inoperative. However, on sufficient cause shown, order could be revived.
Where a company has changed its name or names during the last two years Where a company has changed its name or names during the last two years it shall paint affix or print, as the case may be (on the outside of every office or place of business, business letters, bill heads, letter papers, hundis, promotes, etc.) along with its name, the former name or names so changed during the last two years. No such requirement was there in the 1956 Act.
ALTERATION OF NAME CLAUSE
Voluntary rectification of name by a company where company’s name identical with or too nearly resembles the registered trade mark Not allowed Not allowed
Where name of the company too nearly resembles or is identical with Registered trade mark – Time-limit for Central Government to issue direction to company for rectification of name No time-limit in the 2013 Act for issue of direction by the Central Govt. to the company to rectify its name. Under the 1956 Act there time-limit in the 2013 Act for issue of direction by the Central Govt. the company to rectify its name by passing an ordinary resolution. The time limit was within 12 months of first registration / registration by new name.
The time limit for making application by proprietor of registered trade mark to the Central Government seeking a direction to the company for rectification of name of the company where the name of the company resembles his trade-mark Three years of incorporation or registration of the company with name resembling / identical to registered trade mark when this fact of such registration came to the notice of the proprietor of the trade mark- this is irrelevant for computing the limitation period of 3 years. Five years from the date when this fact of registration of company with name identical to his registered trade mark came to the notice of the proprietor of registered trade mark.
ALTERATION OF OBJECTS CLAUSE
Purposes for which objects clause may be altered o No requirement in the 2013 Act that alteration of objects clause should be for specified purposes. Provisions of section 17(1) of the 1956 Act have been omitted by the 2013 Act. o Alteration of objects clause should be for one of the specified purposes section 17(1) of the 1956 Act.
Where company has unutilized proceeds of public issue o New restrictions on alteration of objects clause of memorandum – Where company has any unutilized amount from proceeds of public issue where a company which has raised money form public through prospectus and still has any unutilized amount out of the money so raised, shall not change its objects is passed by the company and –
(a) The details, as may be prescribed, of the notice in respect of such resolution to shareholders, shall also be published in the newspapers (one English and one vernacular) in the city where the registered office of the company is situated and shall also be placed on the website of the company, if any, indicating clearly the justification for such change;
(b) The dissenting shareholders be given an opportunity to exit by the promoters and shareholders having control in accordance with regulations specified by SEBI. o No restrictions on alteration of objects clause where company has any unutilized proceeds of public issue.
Registration of objects clause alteration by ROC To be registered within 30 days from date of filing special resolution altering the objects clause. No time-limit within which ROC to register the alteration.
ALTERATION OF ARTICLES
Conversion of Public Company into Private Company Approval of Tribunal required. No alteration which has the effect of converting public company into a private company, shall have effect unless such alteration has been approved by the Central Government (Power delegated to ROC).
SUBSIDIARY CO. NOT TO HOLD SHARES IN HOLDING CO.
Bar on subsidiary becoming member of holding company The bar in section 18 of the 2013 Act applies only to companies and not to bodies corporate other than companies as the wording in section 18(1) is “No company shall, either by itself or through its nominees, hold any shares in its holding company” as opposed to section 42(1) of the 1956 Act which stated “a body corporate cannot be a member of a company which is its holding company" Section 42 of the 1956 Act barred any body corporate from being a member of its holding company.
SERVICE OF DOCUMENTS
Service of documents by electronic mode Electronics mode for sending documents to the company recognized by the 2013 Act. The 2013 Act has also recognized “such electronic or other mode as may be prescribed” for service of documents to ROC.
 Service by electronic mode not recognized by the 1956 Act.
Deemed service of notice of meeting on expiry of 48 hours No provision of deemed service of notice under the 2013 Act.
 Deemed service of notice of meeting on expiry of 48 hours when notice of meeting is sent by post.
Service of documents on member / ROC by speed post / Courier
 Recognised mode of service ‘Courier’ defined. Not a recognized mode of service.
Right of member to demand sending of documents to him by courier / speed post etc. By paying fees fixed by general meeting, he can demand service by any mode – even if it is non-prescribed, e.g. Courier / Speed post etc.
 The member could only demand in advance sending of documents to him by a certificate of posting or by registered post with or without acknowledgement due by pre-paying company’s expenses for these modes of services.
Service of documents on joint holders of shares / on persons entitled to share on death / insolvency of member No provision in this regard in the 2013 Act. Mode of service clearly spelt out in section 53 of the 1956 Act.
SHARE CAPITAL
Record of depository Record of the depository is the prima facie evidence of the interest of the beneficial owner of shares held in depository form.
 No provision in this regard.
When dividend of preference shares shall be deemed to be due The 2013 Act omits interpretative provision of Explanation to section 87 of the 1956 Act.
 Explanation to section 87 of the 1956 Act clarifies when dividend shall be deemed to be due on preference shares in respect of any period.
Variation of shareholders’ rights – where variation by one class of shareholders affects the rights of any other class of shareholders Section 48 of the 2013 Act clarifies that if variation by one class of shareholders affects the rights of any other class of shareholders, the consent of at least 75% of such other class of shareholders shall also be obtained and provisions of section 48 of the 2013 Act shall apply to such variation to section 48(1) of the 2013 Act.
 The 1956 Act contained no provisions in this regard.
Application of premium received on issue of shares Section 52(3) of the 2013 Act intends to eliminate conflict with Accounting Standards by providing that such class of companies as may be prescribed whose financial statements comply with Accounting Standards prescribed for such class of companies, cannot utilize securities premium account for writing off preliminary expenses or for writing off the expenses or the commission paid or discount allowed on the issue of preference shares or debentures of the company for providing premium payable on redemption of preference shares or debentures.
 Section 78(2) of the 1956 Act permitted all companies to utilize securities premium account inter alia for writing off preliminary expenses of or the commission paid or discount allowed on any issue of shares or debentures of the company for providing premium payable on redemption of preference shares or debentures.
Prohibition on issue of shares at discount The 2013 Act has prohibited issue of shares (other than sweat equity shares) at a discount. Under the 2013 Act, only sweat equity shares can be issued at a discount. Section 79 of the 1956 Act permitted issue of shares at a discount subject to certain conditions.
Filing fees relief (ROC filing fees) and stamp duty relief for reissue of redeemed preference shares No such relief allowed Allowed under section 80(4) of the 1956 Act.
Transfer and transmission of securities Section 56(1) of the 2013 Act provides for transfer by company of such interest by execution of instrument of transfer and delivery of the same to company within 60 days from the date of execution for getting the transfer of interest, registered in transferee’s favour. No procedure or mechanism for transfer of interest of a member in a company having no share capital. Such interest is nevertheless transferable under the Transfer of Property Act, 1882 (general law of transfer of property).
Applicability of rights issue provisions Section 62 of the 2013 Act applies to all companies public as well as private Section 81 of the 1956 Act applied only to public companies
Period for which rights fares offer should be open Minimum 15 days maximum 30 days Minimum 15 days no maximum 30 days
Despatch of notice of rights offer through electronic mode Expressly allowed by 2013 Act No provisions like this in the 1956 Act.
Offer of further shares to others (other than existing equity shareholders) Special resolution required. Alternative of ordinary resolution and Central Govt. approval omitted by 2013 Act. Special resolution required. Alternatively ordinary resolution and Central Government approval.
Issue of Bonus shares • No issue of bonus shares shall be made by capitalizing reserves created by the revaluation of assets.
• This bar on issuing bonus shares out of revaluation reserves applies to all companies whether listed or unlisted.
• Section 63 of the 2013 Act overcomes Supreme Court ruling in Bhagwati Developers • The 1956 Act specifically permits utilization of reserve arising from revaluation of assets for purpose of issuing fully paid up bonus shares.
• A company can issue bonus shares by capitalisation of revaluation reserve if the Articles of Association of the company so permits Court’s decision in Bhagwati Developers v. Peerless General Finance & Investment Co.[200562 SCL 574].
• In the above case, Supreme Court was concerned with an unlisted company. In case of listed companies, the SEBI (CDR) Regulations, 2009 prohibits issue of bonus shares by capitalization of revaluation reserves. The SEBI (OCDR) Regulations is not applicable to unlisted companies.
• Thus, under the 1956 Act, unlisted company could use revaluation reserve for issuing bonus shares.
Notice of redemption of redeemable preference share to ROC. If company redeems any redeemable preference shares, notice has to be given to ROC with an altered memorandum. Notice not required to be given to ROC.
Applicability of reduction of capital provisions to buyback The provisions for reduction of capital shall not apply to buy-back of its own securities by a company. The intention seems to be that if buyback is made in strict compliance with section 68 of the 2013 Act provisions of section 66 of the 2013 Act regarding reduction of capital are not applicable to such buy-back. If buy back does not comply with section 68 of the 2013 Act, it is a reduction of capital requiring Tribunal’s Confirmation 66(6) of the 2013 Act. No provisions in this regard.
REGISTERS
Duplicate of foreign register No requirement to maintain duplicate of the foreign register in India. Section 158 of the 1956 Act required a duplicate of the foreign register to be maintained in India.
ANNUAL RETURN
Whether full annual return / only changes to be filed every year Full annual return to be filed every year provisions like section 159(1) of the 1956 Act of filing full annual return once in 5 years and changes in between – All companies The 1956 Act section 159(1) of the 1956 Act provided that if any of the five immediately preceding annual returns has given the full particulars required as to past and present members and the shares held and transferred by them, the return in question may contain only changes in those particulars since the date of the AGM with reference to which the annual return in question is prepared.
Certification of annual return by CS in practice The 2013 Act extends this requirement to unlisted companies having such paid-up capital and turnover as may be prescribed. – all Pvt. Companies may be covered Only listed companies required to get annual return certified by a ‘secretary in whole-time practice’.
Extract of annual return in board’s report Extract of annual return in prescribed form to be given as part of Board’s report. – All companies
 Not required.
Punishment for company secretary certifying annual return Where a Company Secretary in practice certifies the annual return otherwise than in conformity with the requirements with the requirements of this clause or the rules made there under, such Company Secretary shall be punishable with fine which shall not be less than Rs.50,000 but which may extend to Rs.5,00,000. – All companies
 No penal provisions in the 1956 Act in this regard.
Filing of changes in promoter’s stake by listed companies Every listed company shall file a return in the prescribed form with the ROC with respect to any change in the shareholding position of the promoters and top ten shareholders of such company. Return to be filed within 15 days of such change. – PL / GPAEL.
 Not required under the 1956 Act.
PLACE OF KEEPING REGISTERS, ETC.
Place of keeping registers, copies of annual returns etc. The 2013 Act permits a company to keep these registers or copies of returns at any other place (i.e., place other than the registered office) in India (not necessarily within the city, town or village in which the registered office is situated) if following conditions above are fulfilled: (i) more than 10% of the total members entered in the register of members reside at that place; (ii) the keeping of registers or copies at that place is approved by a special resolution passed at a general meeting of the company; and (iii) the Registrar has been given a copy of the proposed special resolution in advance.
 Section 163 of the 1956 Act permitted a company to keep these registers, copies of annual returns etc. at any other place (i.e., place other than the registered office) within the city, town or village in which the registered office is situated if the same is (i) approved by a special resolution passed at a general meeting of the company and (ii) the Registrar has been given a copy of the proposed special resolution in advance. 
INSPECTION OF REGISTERS, ETC.
Inspection of registers, copies of returns etc. The 2013 Act does not empower the company to restrict the right to inspect registers, copies of indices, returns, etc. – PL/GPAEL Section 163 of the 1956 Act provided that the right of inspection of registers of members, debenture holders etc. shall be subject to such reasonable restrictions, as the company may impose, so that not less than 2 hours in each day are allowed for inspection.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Day, venue and time for AGMs • Section 96(2) of the 2013 Act provides that every annual general meeting shall be called during business hours, that is, between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. on any day that is not a National Holiday. – PL/GPAEL
• Thus, section 96(2) clarifies what is meant by ‘business hours’ – i.e., between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. The term ‘business hours’ was not defined in the 1956 Act.
 Section 166(2) of the 1956 Act required that every AGM should be called a time during business hours, on a day that is not a Public Holiday. 2(38) of the 1956 Act defined public holiday.
NOTICE FOR MEETING
Giving notice for general meetings in electronic mode Section 101 of the 2013 Act permits giving notice of the general meetings of the company through electronic mode. – PL/GPAEL
 No express provision permitting notice to be given in electronic mode.
Consent of members to shorter notice for general meetings Consent for shorter notice is required from not less than 95% of the members entitled to vote at such meeting (irrespective of whether it is AGM or EGM) – All companies
 Consent for shorter notice is (i.e. less than 21 clear days notice) was required to be given by all the members entitled to vote thereat (for AGM) and by not less than 95% of the members entitled to vote at such meeting (for meetings other than AGM).
Mode of consent of members to shorter notice for general meetings The 2013 Act requires that consent for shorter notice should be given in writing or by electronic mode. – All companies
 The 1956 Act did not specify the mode in which consent for shorter notice for the meeting (i.e. less than 21 clear days notice) should be accorded.
Definition of ‘material facts’ in the context of Explanatory Statement annexed to Notice Section 102 of the 2013 Act clarifies that material facts are those that may enable members to understand the meaning, scope and implications of the items of business and to take decision thereon. – All companies
 Section 173 of the 1956 Act did not clarify what facts are ‘material facts’.
Liability to compensate the company for No-disclosure or insufficient in Explanatory Statement annexed to Notice Where as a result of the non-disclosure or insufficient disclosure in any Explanatory Statement, being made by a director, manager, if any, or other key managerial personnel, any benefit may accrue to such director, manager or other key managerial personnel or his relative. This director, manager or other key managerial personnel, as the case may be, shall hold such benefit in trust for the company, and shall be liable to compensate the company to the extent of the benefit received by him. – All companies
 No provisions in this regard.
When disclosure of interest necessary in Explanatory Statement Section 102 of the 2013 Act provides that where any item of special business relates to or affects any other company, the extent of shareholding interest in that other company of every director, manager, if any, and of every other key managerial personnel of the first mentioned company shall be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement if the extent of such shareholding is 2% or more of the paid-up share capital of that other company. – All companies Disclosure of interest in the explanatory statement was required if the extent of such shareholding interest 20% or more of the paid-up capital of that other company.
QUORUM FOR MEETINGS
Quorum for general meetings for public companies Section 102 of the 2013 Act fixes quorum for public companies based on the number of members of the company as under:
• 5 members personally present if the number of members as on date of meeting is not more than 1000.
• 15 members personally present if the number of members as on date of meeting is more than 1000 but not more than 5,000.
• 30 members personally present if the number of members as on date of meeting is more than 5,000. – PL / GPAEL
Thus, quorum requirements for a public company having more than 1000 members stand increased from 5 members personally present to 15/30 members personally present. 
 Quorum requirements for public companies for general meetings are 5 members personally present unless the articles stipulate a larger number.
Quorum not present within half-an-hour These provisions apply under 2013 Act regardless of what articles of the company provide. It is further provided that in case of an adjournment or of a change of day, time or place of adjourned meeting (which was adjourned inquorate), the company shall give not less than 3 days’ notice to the members either individually or by press announcement. Section 174(4)/(5) of the 1956 Act provided as to what would happen if quorum not present within half-an-hour. These provisions applied unless articles applied provided otherwise. 
PROXY
How many members can a proxy act for? Section 105 of the 2013 Act provides that a person appointed as proxy shall act on behalf of such number of members not exceeding 50 and such number of shares as may be prescribed.– PL/GPAEL
 No such restriction in 1956 Act.
A class or classes of companies whose members shall not be entitled to appoint proxies Section 105 of the 2013 Act also provides that the Central Govt. may prescribe a class or classes of companies whose members shall not be entitled to appoint proxies.
 No such restriction in 1956 Act.
Restrictions on voting rights Under the 2013 Act, the restriction stated under the 1956 Act shall apply to public companies as well as private companies.-All companies The restriction that a company shall not prohibit any member from exercising his voting right on any other ground other than non-payment of calls or lien on shares, applied only to public companies under section 182 of the 1956 Act.
POLL
Persons entitled to demand Poll in case of a public company having share capital The members present in person or by proxy and having not less than 10% of the total voting power or holding shares on which an aggregate sum of not less than Rs.5,00,000 or such higher amount as prescribed has been paid up. – PL/GPAEL
 Any member or members present in person or by proxy and holding shares in the company which confer 10% or more voting power on the resolution or on which Rs.50,000 or more in the aggregate has been paid-up.
Persons entitled to demand Poll in case of a private company having share capital The members present in person or by proxy and having not less than 10% of the total voting power or holding shares on which an aggregate sum of not less than Rs.5,00,000 or such higher amount as prescribed has been paid up. – All Pvt. Companies • If 7 or less members having voting power personally present, then one member having right to vote on the resolution present in person or by proxy may demand a poll.
• If more than 7 such members present – Two such members present in person or by proxy may demand poll.
POSTAL BALLOT
Postal Ballot Applicable to all companies – PL/GPAEL Applicable only to listed companies.
RESOLUTION
Votes cast electronically, whether to be counted To be counted for determining whether ordinary or special resolution has been passed. – PL/GPAEL The 1956 Act did not expressly allow electronic voting.
SPECIAL NOTICE
Special Notice of a resolution Where any resolution requires special notice, notice of the intention to move such resolution shall be given to the company by such number of member holding not less than 1% of total voting power or holding shares on which such aggregate sum not exceeding Rs.5,00,000, as may be prescribed, has been paid up. – PL/GPAEL
 No requirements that notice should be given by any specified number of members.
Special Notice of a resolution – Length of notice No stipulation on how many days before meeting special notice is to be given. – PL/GPAEL 14 clear days notice before the day of meeting.
SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
Secretarial Standards Every company shall observe such secretarial standards with respect to general and Board meetings as may be specified by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and approved as such by the Central Government.- All companies The 1956 Act did not recognize secretarial standards Secretarial standards were not mandatory under the 1956 Act.
MINUTES
Specific penalty / punishment for tampering of minutes Section 118(12) of the 2013 Act provides that if a person is found guilty of tampering with the minutes of the proceedings of meeting he shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years and with fine which shall not be less than Rs.25,000 but which may extend to Rs.1,00,000. - All companies No specific punishment for tampering of minutes
OTHERS 
Statement circulated at general meetings by members on their requisition Allowed atalso. 1000 words limitation for statement omitted by the 2013 Act. – PL/GPAEL
 Allowed at GMs – Statement not to exceed 1000 words.
Whether dividend declaration / payment barred if company is in default of repayment of deposits? Yes. A company which fails to comply with section 73 and 74 of the 2013 Act (repayment of deposits accepted before commencement of the Act) shall not, so long as such failure continues, declare any dividend on its equity shares. . – PL/GPAEL
 No such bar in the 1956 Act. 
Dividend only from free reserves Third proviso to section 123(1) of the 2013 Act provides that no dividend shall be declared or paid by a company from its reserves other than free reserves. - All companies
 No express provisions in this regard in the 1956 Act.
Whether past losses required to be set off before declaring dividend Not required. No express provisions along the lines of clause (b) of the first proviso to section 205(1) to the 1956 Act. . – PL/GPAEL Yes. Clause (b) of the first proviso to section 205(1) to the 1956 Act requires that company must provide, in respect of each previous financial year (after providing for depreciation) or the amount of depreciation provided, whichever is lower.
Power of Central Government to permit in public interest declaration of dividend without providing depreciation No such power conferred on the Central Government by the 2013 Act. The Central Government may, in the public interest allow any company to pay dividend for any financial year out of the profits for that year out of any previous financial year or years without providing for depreciation. clause (b) of the first proviso to section 205(1) of the 1956 Act
Whether transfer to reserves compulsory? No. A company may, before the declaration of any dividend in any financial year, transfer of its profits for that financial year as it may consider appropriate to the reserves of the company. - All companies Yes. Where the company proposes to declare dividend for any financial year (at a rate exceeding 10% of the paid-up capital) out of the profits for that year, the company has to transfer to profits (not exceeding 10%) as prescribed in the Companies (Transfer of Profit to Reserves) Rules 1975.
Payment of dividend through electronic mode to registered shareholder 
 Expressly allowed. – PL/GPAEL No express provisions allowing this.
Unpaid Dividend Account • Section 124(6) of the 2013 Act goes a step further than section 205C of the 1956 Act and provides that all shares in respect of which unpaid or unclaimed dividend has been transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund shall also be transferred by the company in the name of Investor Education and Protection Fund along with a statement containing such details as may be prescribed.
• Any claimant of shares transfer of shares from Investor Education and Protection Fund in accordance with submission of such documents as may be prescribed. – PL/GPAEL
 Section 205C of the 1956 Act provides that amounts in the unpaid accounts of companies which have remained unclaimed and unpaid for a period of seven years from the date they became due for payment shall be by a company to the Investor Education and Protection Fund.
Right of Investor to make a claim to Investor Education and Protection Fund • Section 125 of the 2013 Act provides that claim of an investor over a dividend or benefit from a security not claimed for more than 7 years would not be extinguished.
• In other words, any person claiming to be entitled to such dividend or money may apply to the authority administering the fund for payment. – PL/GPAEL Investor / Depositor / shareholder / debenture holder cannot claim the amount from the Fund / the Company after the expiry of the 7 years period as above.
CORRESPONDING TO SCHEDULE XIV OF 1956 ACT – PL/GPAEL
The following are the differences between Schedule II of 2013 Act and Schedule XIV of 1956 Act:
Sr.No. Schedule II of the 2013 Act Schedule XIV of the 1956 Act
1 Schedule II contains only useful lives of tangible assets and does not prescribe depreciation rates. Schedule XIV contained rates of depreciation of tangible assets.
ACCOUNTS
Points of comparison Companies Act, 2013 Companies Act, 1956
Books of account in electronic mode Company may keep such books of accounts or other relevant papers in electronic mode in such manner as may be prescribed.-All companies No provisions in the 1956 Act enabling company to keep books of accounts in electronic mode.
Consolidated financial statements Mandatory if company has one or more subsidiaries or associates or joint ventures.– PL/GPAEL/SUN TAN Not mandatory. No provisions in this regard in the 1956 Act.
Requirements to attach subsidiary company’s accounts etc. holding company’s accounts Requirements omitted. - CBC If a company was a holding company, it was required to attach to its balance sheet a statement showing holding company’s interest in subsidiary section 212(5) of the 1956 Act.
Compulsory placing of accounts on a company’s website • A listed company shall also place its financial statements including consolidated financial statements and all others documents required to be attached or annexed thereto, on its website, which is maintained by or on behalf of the company. – PL/GPAEL
• Every company having a subsidiary or subsidiaries shall, - 
(a) Place separate audited accounts in respect of each of its subsidiary on its website, if any;
(b) Provide a copy of separate audited financial statements in respect of each of its subsidiary, to any shareholder of the company who asks for it. No required by the 1956 Act.
REPORT OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS – All Companies
Disclosures in Board’s Report More disclosures required by the 2013 Act. Additional / New disclosures required in report of the Board by the 2013 Act are as under – 
• Extract of annual return,
• Number of meetings of the board.
• A statement on declaration given by independent directors Section 149(6) of the 2013 Act.
• Company’s policy on directors’ appointment and remuneration including criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a director and other matters [See section 178(1) / 178(3) of the 2013 Act.
• Explanations or comments by the Board on every qualification, reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer made by the Company Secretary in practice in his secretarial audit report.
• Particulars of loans, guarantees or investments section 186 of the 2013 Act.
• Particulars of contracts or arrangements section 188(1) of the 2013 Act.
• A statement indicating development and implementation of a risk management policy for the company including identification therein of elements of risk, if any, which in the opinion of the Board may threaten the existence of the company.
• Details about the policy developed and implemented by the company on Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives taken during the year.
• In the case of a listed company and every other public company having such paid-up capital as may be prescribed, a statement in which formal evaluation has been made by the Board of its own performance and that of its committees and individual directors.
• Such other matters as may be prescribed.
 Much disclosures required by the 1956 act in the Board of Directors Report.
Directors’ Responsibility Statement (DRS) in Board’s report The Directors’ Responsibility Statement in the report of the Board of Directors shall contain the following additional declarations-
(a) The directors, in the case of a listed company, had laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the company and that such internal financials controls are adequate and were operating effectively. [“Internal Financial Controls” means the policies and procedures adopted by the company for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records and the timely preparation of reliable financial information].
(b) The directors had devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of this Act and rules made thereunder and that such systems were adequate and operating effectively. All companies. Declarations regarding internal financial controls and legal compliance system not required in DRS.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) In every financial year, CSR spends of at least 2% of the average net profits the company made during the 3 immediately preceding financial year is mandatory for every company satisfying any of the following criteria:
• Having net worth of Rs.500 crores or more, or 
• Having turnover of Rs.1,000 crores or more, or 
• Having net profit of Rs.5 crores or more, or - CBC No provisions regarding CSR in the 1956 Act.
INTERNAL AUDIT- PL/GPAEL & CBC may
Compulsory internal audit Section 138 of the 2013 Act provides as under:
• Such class or description of companies as may be prescribed shall be required to appoint an internal auditor to conduct internal audit of books of account of the company.
• Internal auditor shall be a Chartered Accountant or a Cost Accountant or such other professional as may be decided by the Board.
• The Central Government may make rules to prescribe the manner in which internal audit shall be conducted and reported.
 No provisions in the 1956 Act as regards mandatory internal audit.
APPOINTMENT OF AUDITORS
Appointment of Auditors of Companies other than Govt. Companies at AGM for 5 years tenure – (All companies) • Appointment of auditors for 5 years tenure subject to ratification at every annual general meeting.
• Where at any annual general meeting, no auditor is appointed, the existing auditor shall continue to be the auditor of the company. • No provisions in the 1956 Act for 5 years tenure for auditors.
• No provisions in the 1956 Act for existing auditor to continue in default of appointment / reappointment at AGM.
Special resolution for appointment of auditors Requirement of special resolution for appointment of auditor dropped section 224A of the 1956 Act omitted. – PL Section 224A of the 1956 Act: Auditor not to be appointed except with the approval of the company by special resolution in certain cases.
Compulsory rotation of auditors Applicable to listed companies & classes of companies as may be prescribed. Individual auditor to be rotated after 1 term of 5 years Audit Firm to be rotated after 2 terms of 5 years. – PL/ GPAEL/CBC & others as may be prescribed. No requirement for this in the 1956 Act.
AUDITOR-QUALIFICATIONS & DISQUALIFICATIONS
Auditor’s disqualifications – All companies The list of disqualifications for appointment as auditors under section 141 of the 2013 Act is longer than that under section 226(3) of the 1956 Act. The following are the new disqualifications that were not there in 1956 Act:
• A person or a firm who has business relationship with the company, or its subsidiary, or its holding company or subsidiary of such holding company or associate company of such nature as may be prescribed.
• A person whose relative is a director or in the employment of the company as a director or key managerial personnel;
• A person convicted for fraud and 10 years not elapsed from date of conviction;
• A person whose subsidiary or associate company or any other form of entity is engaged in consulting and specialized services as provided in section 144 of the 2013 Act. Much narrower list of disqualifications under the 1956 Act compared to the 2013 Act.
Indebtedness of relative of auditor –All companies Even if relative or partner of a person is indebted to the company, or its subsidiary, or its holding or associate company or a subsidiary of such holding company, the said person shall be disqualified from being appointed as auditor of a company.
 Indebtedness of a relative was not a disqualification under the 1956 Act.
Indebtedness to an associate company –All companies
 Disqualification for auditor Not a disqualification for auditor
RIGHTS & DUTIES OF AUDITORS
Auditor’s duty to comment regarding internal financial controls –All companies The auditor’s report to state whether company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and operating effectiveness of such controls. No provision
Duty of auditor to report fraud to Central Govt. –All companies • If an auditor of a company, in the course of the performance of his duties as auditor, has reason to believe that an offence involving fraud is being or has been committed against the company by officers or employees of the company, he shall immediately report the matter to the Central Government within such time and in such manner as may be prescribed.
• No duty to which an auditor of a company may be subject to shall be regarded as having been contravened by reason of his reporting the matter as above if it is done in good faith.
• These provisions shall mutatis mutandis apply to a –
(a) The Cost Accountant in practice conducting cost audit under section 148 of the 2013 Act; or
(b) The Company Secretary in practice 
• If any auditor, cost accountant or Company Secretary in practice do not report fraud committed or being committed as above, he shall be punishable with fine which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which may extend to twenty-five lakh rupees. No such duty / provisions
Auditor not to render certain services-All companies Section 144 of the 2013 Act specifies certain services not to be rendered by auditor to company or to its holding company or subsidiary. No such provisions in the 1956 Act.
Auditor’s attendance general meetings Auditor shall, unless otherwise exempted by the company, attend any general meeting:
(i) By himself or 
(ii) Through his authorized representative who is qualified to be an auditor.-PL/GPAEL Auditors attendance at general meetings – Optional, not compulsory
COST AUDIT
Companies required to maintain cost records- PL/GPAEL/CBC • Section 148 of the 2013 Act empowers the Central Government to prescribe cost records for any class or classes of companies engaged in prescribed services.
• Unlike 1956 Act, the 2013 Act also provides that before prescribing cost records in respect of any class of companies regulated under a Special Act, the Central Government shall consult the regulatory body constituted or established under such special Act. Section 209(1)(d) of the 1956 Act empowered the Central Government to prescribe cost records (i.e. particulars relating to the utilization of material or labour or to such other items of cost) for any class of companies engaged in the production processing, manufacturing or mining activities.
Previous approval of Central Government for the Appointment of cost auditor - PL/GPAEL/CBC The previous approval of Central Government is no longer required for appointment of cost auditor as section 148 of the 2013 Act dispenses with this requirement.
 Previous approval of Central Government required for appointment of cost auditor
Remunerationof cost auditor- PL/GPAEL/CBC Remuneration of cost auditor to be determined by members of the company in such manner as may be prescribed. Determined by the Board of Directors. There was no requirement that it should be determined by members.
APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS
Compulsory appointment of woman director Such class or classes of companies as may be prescribed shall have a woman director.-PL/GPAEL may No provisions regarding this in the 1956 Act.
At least 1 director who stayed in India for 182 days or more Every company shall have at least one of the directors who has stayed in India for 182 days or more in the previous calendar year. No provisions regarding this in the 1956 Act.
Independent director – PL/GPAEL Listed public company shall have at least one-third of the total number of directors as independent directors. The Central Government may prescribe the minimum number of independent directors in case of any class or classes of public companies. An independent director shall not be entitled to stock options. He shall not be entitled to any remuneration other than sitting fee, reimbursement of expenses for participation in the Board and other meetings and profit related commission as may be approved by the members. No such requirement in the 1956 Act.
Maximum number of directors – PL/GPAEL Maximum number of directors in public company as well as private companies is 15. A company may appoint more than 15 directors after passing a special resolution. (No need for Central Govt. approval as under the 1956 Act to increase number of directors beyond permissible maximum). No such requirement for private company.
Maximum number of directors: 12 for public company.
Need for Central Govt. approval to increase number of directors beyond permissible maximum.
Limitation of liability of non-executive directors and independent director– PL/GPAEL Notwithstanding anything contained in this Act, -
(i) An independent director,
(ii) A non-executive director not being promoter or key managerial personnel,
Shall be held liable, only in respect of such acts of omission or commission by a company which had occurred with his knowledge, attributable through Board processes, and with his consent or connivance or where he had not acted diligently.
 No such provisions in the 1956 Act.
Declaration by person proposed to be appointed as director-All companies
 Every person proposed to be appointed as a director shall furnish:
(i) His DIN and
(ii) A declaration that he is not disqualified to become a director under this Act. No such declaration required.
Board’s opinion as to whether IDs fulfil the conditions specified for appointment as IDs– PL/GPAEL
 In the case of appointment of an independent director (ID), the explanatory statement attached to notice of meeting shall state that in the opinion of the Board he fulfils the conditions specified in this Act for such an appointment. No such provisions
Determining the 2 / 3rds of directors of public co. liable to retire by rotation- PL/GPAEL/S
 For determining the “Not less than two-thirds of the total number of directors of a public company” liable to retire by rotation, “Total number of directors” shall not include independent directors, whether appointed under this Act or any other law for the time being in force.
 No such provisions
Time limit for furnishing DIN to ROC-All companies 15 days of receipt of information from the director of his DIN.
 One week of receipt of intimation from the directors of his DIN.
Right of persons other than retiring directors to stand for directorship – All companies • Section 160 of the 2013 Act applies to all companies
• Section 160 provides for refund of deposit even if candidate gets more than 20% of total votes cast.
• Under section 160 deposit is Rs.1,00,000 or such higher amount prescribed under the Rules.
 • Section 257 of the 1956 Act was applicable only to public companies
• Section 257 provided for refund of deposit only if candidate got elected as a director.
• The deposit under section 257 was Rs.500
Alternate Directors– PL/GPAEL
 • Section 161 of the 2013 Act provides that Board of Directors may, appoint a person, to act as an alternate director for a director during his absence from India for a period of not less than three months.
• Section 161 requires that person appointed as alternate director should not be a person holding any alternate directorship for any other director in the company. The 1956 Act contained no such requirement.
• Section 161 further provides that a person who is proposed to be appointed as an alternate director for an independent director should be qualified to be as an Independent director under the provisions of this Act. There was no such requirement in the 1956 Act. • Section 313 of the 1956 Act empowered the Board of Directors to appoint a person, to act as an alternate director for a director (‘the original director’) during his absence for a period of not less than three months from the State in which meetings of the Board are ordinarily held.
Nominee Directors– PL/GPAEL
 • Section 161 of the 2013 Act provides that subject to the articles, the Board may, appoint any person as a director nominated by an institution in pursuance of the provisions of any law for the time being in force or of any agreement or by the Central Government or State Government by virtue of its shareholding in a Government company. No such provision in the 1956 Act.
Additional Directors – All companies • Section 162 of 2013 Act provides that the Board of Directors shall not appoint a person who fails to get appointed as a director in a general meeting as an additional director. No such provision
Appointment of directors to be voted individually – All companies • Section 162 of 2013 Act applies to all companies.
• Section 263 of the 1956 Act provided that where a resolution for appointment of two or more persons as Directors is so moved and is passed, no provision for the automatic re-appointment of the directors retiring by rotation in default of any other appointment shall apply. The 2013 Act omits this provision. Section 263 of the 1956 Act applied only to public companies.
DISQUALIFICATIONS OF DIRECTORS
Disqualifications for appointment as director-All companies • The 2013 Act permanently debars from directorship of a company any person who is convicted of any offence and sentenced to imprisonment of 7 years or more.
• Section 164 of the 2013 Act contains the following two new grounds for disqualifying a person from directorships of companies which were not there in section 274 of the 1956 Act.
o he has been convicted of the offence dealing with related party transactions at any time during the last preceding five years;
o he has not obtained Director Identification Number. No such provision in the 1956 Act.
Disqualifications of director if company commits specified defaults – All companies • Under section 164(2) of the 2013 Act, it does not matter whether the defaulting company is a public company or not.
• Under s.164(2), if co. fails to file financial statements or fails to repay deposits.
• Any person who is a director of such a defaulting company shall be disqualified to be re-appointed as a director of that company or appointed in other company for a period of five years from the date of the specified default.
 Under the 1956 Act, a person was disqualified from directorships if he was a director of a defaulting public company which had committed either of the specified defaults.
Exclusion of certain directorships for computing limit on maximum directorships – All companies
 The 2013 Act omits these exclusions. Section 278 of the 1956 Act provided for exclusion of certain directorships for the purposes of computing the limit on number of directorships.
Limit on maximum number of directorships – All companies • Maximum number of directorships that an individual can hold including alternate directorships is 20 of which not more than 10 can be of public companies.
• General meeting by special resolution can specify lesser number than 20 / 10 companies. No such provision in 1956 Act. 15 directorships.
DUTIES OF DIRECTOR
Duties of directors – All companies Spelt out in section 166 of the 2013 Act based on case laws. Not spelt out
VACATION OF OFFICE OF DIRECTOR 
Vacation of office of director if he absents himself at Board meetings –PL/GPAEL/CBC • Section 167 of the 2013 Act provides that if a director absents himself from all the meetings of the Board of Directors held during a period of 12 months with or without seeking leave of absence of the Board, his office shall become vacant.
• Section 167 of the 2013 Act is much more liberal in the sense that it requires director to attend at least one board meeting during a period of 12 months 
• However, section 283 of the 1956 Act authorized the Board to sanction a director’s absence for any period of time which is not possible now under section 167 of the 2013 Act. Section 283 of the 1956 Act provided that a director’s office shall become vacant if he absents himself from three consecutive meetings of the Board of directors, or from all meetings of the Board for a continuous period of three months, whichever is longer, without obtaining leave of absence from the board.
Where all directors of company vacate their offices • Section 167 of the 2013 Act provides that where all the directors of a company vacate their offices, the promoter or, in his absence, the Central Govt. shall appoint the required number of directors who shall hold office till the directors are appointed by the company in the general meeting.
 The 1956 Act never expressly provides for this situation.
RESIGNATION OF DIRECTORS
Resignation of director Section 168 of the 2013 Act deals with resignation of directors.
 No provisions covering director’s resignation.
REGISTER ETC., OF DIRECTORS
Return containing such particulars and documents as may be prescribed, of the directors and the key managerial personnel – All companies Section 170 of the 2013 Act requires that a return containing such particulars and documents as may be prescribed, of the directors and the key managerial personnel shall be filed with the Registrar within 30 days from the appointment of every director and key managerial personnel, as the case may be, and within 30 days of any change taking place.
 No requirement to file such return.
MEETING OF BOARD
Participation of directors in board meetings through video conferencing – PL/GPAEL/ CBC The 2013 Act allows participation of directors in board meetings through video conferencing or other audio visual means, as may be prescribed. participation to count for quorum purposes – See Section 174 of the 2013 Act.
 No enabling provision permitting such participation.
Notice for Board Meetings – All companies • Not less than 7 days notice to be given for board meetings.
• Shorter notice may be given for board meeting to transact urgent business provided at least one independent director, if any, shall be present at the meeting.
• If independent directors are absent from such Board meeting, decisions taken at such a meeting shall be circulated to all the directors and shall be final only on ratification thereof by at least one independent director, if any.
• Length of notice period not mentioned.
Notice for Board meetings by electronic mode means – All companies Notice for board meetings may be given by electronic means.
 Not permitted
Frequency of BOD meetings – All companies Not more than 120 days shall intervene between 2 consecutive Board Meetings. Section 285 of the 1956 Act provided that a meeting of its Board of directors shall be held at least once in every three (calendar) months.
Where notice for BOD meetings to be served? – All companies Notice should be given to every director at his address registered with the company. Notice of board meeting be given to every director for the time being in India and at his usual address in India to every other director.
Quorum for meetings of BOD-– All companies Participation of the directors at meeting of Board of directors by video conferencing or by other audio visual means shall also be counted for the purposes of quorum. The 1956 Act did not recognize participating by video conferencing or by other audio visual means for quorum purposes.
If meetings could not be held as stipulated for want of quorum – All companies No provision in 2013 Act along the lines of section 288(2) of the 1956 Act. Section 288(2) of the 1956 Act provided that the provisions regarding minimum number of board meetings in a year and time gap between 2 meetings section 285 of the 1956 Act not be deemed to have been contravened merely by reason of the fact that a meeting of the Board which had been called in compliance with the terms of that section could not be held for want of a quorum.
Circulation of draft resolution to directors by electronic means –PL/GPAEL/CBC Section 175 of the 2013 Act contains an enabling provision to circulate draft resolution with necessary papers to directors or members of committee through such electronic means as may be prescribed. No enabling provision for this.
Approval of resolution by circulation – PL/GPAEL/CBC Section 175 of the 2013 Act provides that approval should be by a majority of the directors or members (of the committee), who are entitled to vote on the resolution. Not required.
Nofing and minuting resolution passed by circulation – PL/GPAEL/CBC A resolution passed by circulation shall be noted at a subsequent meeting of the Board or the committee thereof, as the case may be, and made part of the minutes of such meeting. Not required.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
For which companies it is mandatory to constitute audit committee.-PL/GPAEL/CBC may
 Every listed company and such other class or classes of companies, as may be prescribed. Every public company having paid-up capital of not less than five crores of rupees.
Composition of the audit committee-PL/GPAEL/CBC may
 • Minimum of three directors.
• Independent directors forming majority.
• Majority of members including chairperson shall be persons with ability to read and understand the financial statements. The Audit Committee shall consist of not less than three directors and such number of other directors as the Board may determine of which two-thirds of the total number members shall be directors, other than managing or whole-time directors.
Role and functions of the audit committee-PL/GPAEL/CBC may
 • Every audit Committee shall act in accordance with the terms of reference in writing by the Board which shall include, among other things-
(i) The recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of engagement of auditors of the company.
(ii) Review and monitor the auditor’s independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit process,
(iii) Examination of the financial statements and the auditors’ report thereon, 
(iv) Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the company with related parties,
(v) Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments,
(vi) Valuation of undertakings or assets of the company, wherever it is necessary,
(vii) Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems,
(viii) Monitoring the end use of funds raised through public offers and related matters.
• The Audit Committee shall have authority to investigate into any matter in relation to the items (i) to (viii) above or referred to it by the Board and for this purpose shall have power to obtain professional advice from external sources to information and have full access to information contained in the records of the company. The Audit Committee should –
(a) Have discussions with the auditors periodically about;
(i) Internal control systems,
(ii) The scope of audit including the observations of the auditors and 
(b) Review the half-yearly and annual financial statements before submission to the Board and 
(c) Also ensure compliance of internal control systems.
• The Audit Committee shall have authority to investigate into any matter in relation to the items specified in this section or referred to it by the Board and for this purpose, shall have full access to information contained in the records of the company and external professional advice, if necessary. 
Who shall have right to attend meetings of audit committee besides its members? -PL/GPAEL/CBC may Auditors of a company and the key managerial personnel shall have a right to attend the meetings of the Audit Committee when it considers the auditor’s report but shall not have the right to vote. Auditors, the internal auditor, if any, and the director incharge of finance shall attend and participate at meetings of the Audit Committee but shall not have the right to vote.
Attendance at annual general meetings by Chairman of Audit Committee -PL/GPAEL/CBC may Not obligatory under the 2013 Act. The chairman of the Audit Committee shall attend annual general meetings of the company to provide any clarification on matters relating to audit.
VIGIL MECHANISM
Setting up vigil mechanism-PL/GPAEL/CBC may Every listed company or such other class or classes of companies as may be prescribed shall establish a vigil mechanism for directors / employees to report genuine concerns in such manner as may be prescribed; details of vigil mechanism to be disclosed in Board’s report. No requirement in this regard.
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Requirement to set up nomination and remuneration committee / Stake-holders’ relationship committee Required for certain companies – may be PL/GPAEL/CBC Not required
POWERS OF BOARD
Powers of Board which can be exercised by the board only by passing a resolution at the Board meeting – All companies Powers of Board which can be exercised by the board only by passing a resolution at the Board meeting –
• to grant loans or give guarantee or provide security in respect of loans;
• to approve financial statement and the Board’s report;
• to diversify the business of the company;
• to approve amalgamation, merger or reconstruction;
• to takeover a company or acquire a controlling or substantial stake in another company;
• any other matter which may be prescribed: Powers mentioned in column (2) were not in list of powers which can be exercised by the Board only passing a resolution at the Board Meeting.
Restrictions on powers of Board-All companies • Applies to all companies.
• Section 180 of the 2013 Act requires special resolution to exercise specified powers.
• Section 180 defines the expressions “undertaking” and “substantially the whole of the undertaking” using 20% thresholds criteria.
• Section 180(1)(b) covers the power to invest the amount of compensation received as a result of any merger or amalgamation. • Applied only to public companies
• Only required ordinary resolution to exercise specified powers.
• Section 293 did not define what was meant by the expressions “undertaking” and “substantially the whole of the undertaking” used in section 293(1)(a).
• Section 293(1)(c) covered the power to invest the amount of compensation received by the company in respect of the compulsory acquisition of any undertaking of the company. 
Powers of Board of Directors to Contribute to charitable funds-PL/GPAEL/CBC • Section 181 of the 2013 Act specifies the limit of 5% of its average net profits for the three immediately preceding financial year. There is no stipulation that net profits shall be calculated for this purpose as per section 198of the 2013 Act.
• Donations to charitable and other funds directly relating to the business of the company or the welfare of its employees not so excluded from the ambit of section 181 of the 2013 Act. • Section 293(1)(e) of the 1956 Act as well as section 181 of the 2013 Act deal with restriction on board’s powers to contribute to charitable and other funds as donation in any financial year in excess of specified limit.
• The 1956 Act specified the limit of Rs.50,000 or 5% of its average net profits as determined in accordance with the provisions of sections 349 and 350 (of the 1956 Act) during the three financial years immediately preceding, whichever is greater. Net profits to be calculated for this purpose as per sections 349 and 350 of the 1956 Act.
DISCLOSURE OF INTEREST BY DIRECTOR
Disclosure of interest by director – All companies Disclosing concern or interest in any company or companies or bodies corporate, firms, or other association of individuals including the shareholding and disclosure of interest or concern or arrangement are distinct requirements and both need to be complied with. 
LOANS TO DIRECTOR
Loans to directors etc. – All companies • Under section 185 of the 2013 Act, there is total prohibition on making loans to or giving guarantee or providing security in connection with loan taken by director of company and specified parties.
• The above prohibition shall not apply to the giving of any loan to a managing or whole-time director-(i) as a part of the conditions of service extended by the company to all its employees; or (ii) pursuant to any scheme approved by the members by a special resolution; Loans made to or security provided or guarantee given in connection with loan taken by director of the lending company and certain specified parties required previous approval of the Central Government in that behalf.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Related party transactions – Contracting parties covered – All companies ‘Related party’ means:
(i) A director or his relative; 
(ii) A key managerial personnel or his relative;
(iii) A firm, in which a director, manager or his relative is a partner;
(iv) A private company in which a director or manager is a member or director;
(v) A public company in which a director or manager is a director or holds along with his relatives, more than 2% of its paid-up share capital;
(vi) Any body corporate of which a director or manager of the company is a shadow director;
(vii) Any shadow director of the company (i.e., any person on whose advice, directions or instructions a director or manager of the company is accustomed to act); 
(viii) Any company which is-
(A) a holding, subsidiary or an associate company of such company; or 
(B) co-subsidiary i.e., a subsidiary of a holding company to which it is also a subsidiary.
(ix) Such other person as may be prescribed.
The persons covered in items (vi) and (vii) above shall not be related parties if advice, directions or instructions are given by them in a professional capacity.
 Following related parties covered by 1956 Act.
• A director of the company or his relative,
• A firm in which such a director or relative is a partner,
• Any other partner in such a firm, or
• A private company of which the director is a member or director
Related party transactions – which contracting parties are covered-All companies The following related party transactions are covered by section 188 of the 2013 Act:
(a) Sale, purchase or supply of any goods or materials;
(b) Selling or otherwise disposing of, or buying, property of any kind;
(c) Leasing of property of any kind;
(d) Availing or rendering of any services;
(e) Appointment of any agents for purchase or sale of goods, materials, services or property;
(f) Such related party’s appointment to any office or place of profit in the company, its subsidiary company or associate company; and 
(g) Underwriting the subscription of any securities or derivatives thereof, of the company:
No contract or arrangement , in the case of a company having a paid up share capital of not less than such amount, or transactions not exceeding such sums, as may be prescribed, shall be entered into except with the prior approval of the company by a special resolution. • The purchase of goods and materials from the company, or the sale of goods and materials to the company, by any director, relative, firm, partner or private company as aforesaid for cash at prevailing market prices.
• Any contrast or contracts between the company on one side and any such director, relative, firm, partner or private company on the other for sale, purchase or supply and services in which either the company or the director, relative, firm, partner or private company, as the case may be, regularly trades or does business:
Provided that the value of goods and materials or cost of services covered by the contracts do not exceed 
Rs.5000 in any year comprised in the period of the contract or contracts.
• In the case of a banking or insurance company any transaction in the ordinary course of business of such company with any director, relative, firm, partner or private company as aforesaid.
• A director, relative, firm, partner or private company as aforesaid may, in circumstances of urgent necessity, enter, without obtaining the consent of the Board, into any contract with the company for the sale, purchase or supply of any goods, materials or services even if the value of such goods or cost of such services exceeds five thousand rupees in the aggregate in any year 
OTHERS
Register of contracts or arrangements in which directors are interested –PL/GAPEL • Limit of Rs.1,000 under the 2013 Act has been increased to Rs.5,00,000 by section 189 of the 2013 Act.
• Section 189 requires that the register to be kept shall also be produced at the commencement of every annual general meeting of the company and shall remain open and accessible during the continuance of the meeting to any person having the right to attend the meeting. This is a new requirement and was not there in the 1956 Act. Section 301 of the 1956 Act exempted from the entry in the ‘Register of contracts or arrangements in which direction are interested’ any contract or arrangement for the sale, purchase or supply of any goods, materials or services if the value of such goods and materials or the cost of such services does not exceed Rs.1,000 in the aggregate in any year.
Restrictions on non-cash transactions involving directors – All companies 
 New provision –s.192-introduced by the 2013 Act. No such restrictions in the 1956 Act.
Prohibition on forward dealings in securities of company by a key managerial personnel –PL/GAPEL New provision -s.194 - introduced by the 2013 Act. No provisions on this issue in the 1956 Act.
Prohibition on insider trading of securities –PL/GAPEL New provision introduced by the 2013 Act. No provisions on insider trading in the 1956 Act.
INTER CORPORATE LOANS AND INVESTMENTS
Bar on making investment through more than 2 layers of investments companies • A company shall unless otherwise prescribed, make investment through not more than two layers of investment companies.
• These provisions shall not affect:
(i) A company from acquiring any other company incorporated in a country outside India if such other company has investment subsidiaries beyond two layers as per the laws of such country;
(ii) a subsidiary company from having any investment subsidiary for the purposes of meeting the purposes of meeting the requirements under any law or under any rule or regulation framed under any law for the time being in force. No such bar in the 1956 Act.
Requirement to disclose inter corporate loans made by company, inter corporate investments in its financial statements – All companies The company shall disclose to the members in the financial statements the full particulars of the loans given, investment made or guarantee given or security provided and the purpose for which the loan is proposed to be utilized by the recipient of the loan or guarantee or security. No requirements for such disclosures in the 1956 Act.
Limits for making inter-corporate loans, investments etc. – All companies • 60% of paid-up shares capital and free reserves and securities premium account or 100% of its free reserves and securities premium account, whichever is more. To exceed limit, prior approval of the company by special resolution is required. • 60% of company’s paid-up shares capital and free reserves. To exceed limit, prior approval of the company by special resolution is required.
Benchmark interest rate for inter corporate loans – All companies Interest rate of dated Government security. RBI’s bank rate
Giving of guarantee in connection with loan to a company, without being previously authorized by a special resolution. – All companies Not allowed Section 372A of the 1956 Act permitted the giving of guarantee, without being previously authorized by a special resolution if – (a) a resolution is passed in the meeting of the Board authorizing to give guarantee in accordance with the provisions of this section; (b) there exists exceptional circumstances which prevent the company from obtaining previous authorization by a special resolution passed in a general meeting for giving a guarantee; and (c) the resolution of the Board is confirmed within twelve months, in a general meeting of the company or the annual general meeting held immediately after passing of the Board’s resolution, whichever is earlier.
Exemption for investments in loans to wholly owned subsidiary by holding company – CBC No such exemption from the provisions of section 186 of the 2013 Act. Such exemption was allowed from the provisions of section 372A of the 1956 Act.
Exemption to acquisitions by NBFCs Allowed Not Allowed
APPOINTMENT OF MANAGERIAL PERSONS
Appointment of managing director, whole-time director or manager-All companies
 No company shall re-appoint any person as its managing director, whole time director or manager earlier than one year before the expiry of his term. Any re-appointment, re-employment or extension of managing director or manager earlier than one year before the expiry of his term.
Appointment of key managerial personnel (KMP) –PL/GPAEL/CBC may Compulsory for every company belonging to such class or classes of companies to have the following whole-time key managerial personnel (i) MD or CEO or manager and in their absence a WTD, (ii) company secretary and (iii) CFO. Compulsory for every public company and every private company which is a subsidiary of public company having paid-up capital of prescribed sum to appoint a whole-time director or manager. Also, it made it compulsory for every company having a paid-up capital of such sum as may be prescribed to appoint a whole-time secretary.
Separation of offices of Chairperson and MD / CEO – PL/GPAEL/CBC • The 2013 Act bars an individual from being appointed chairperson as well as MD/CEO unless (i) articles provide otherwise or (ii) company does not carry on multiple business. However, such class of companies engaged in multiple businesses which have appointed one or more CEOs for each business are exempt from this provision.
 No such requirement.
Contents of Board resolution appointing KMP– PL/GPAEL/CBC • The 2013 Act requires every whole-time KMP to be appointed by a board resolution containing terms and conditions of appointment including remuneration.
 No such stipulation in 1956Act.
Whole-time KMP in only one company– PL/GPAEL/CBC A whole-time KMP not to hold office in more than one company except in its subsidiary company at the same time.
 No such provision
In office of KMP vacated– PL/GPAEL/CBC Resulting vacancy to be filled up by Board at a Board meeting within 6 months. No provisions in this regard.
REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
Ratio of remuneration of each director to the median employee’s remuneration – PL/GPAEL/CBC Every listed company shall disclose in the Board’s report the ratio of remuneration of each director to the median employee’s remunerationand such other details as may be prescribed.
 Such disclosure not required.
Receipt of remuneration / commission by MD / WTD from holding co. / subsidiary - PL/GPAEL/CBC Any Managing Director or Whole-time director of the company who is in receipt of any commission from the company is not disqualified from receiving any remuneration or commission from any holding company of such company subject to its disclosure by the company in Board’s report. No provision in this regard.
• If such person (KMP) is provided guilty, the premium paid on such insurance shall be treated as part of remuneration. No provision in this regard.
COMPANY SECRETARY / SECRETARIAL AUDIT
Secretarial audit for bigger companies - PL/GPAEL/CBC may Mandatory secretarial audit by a company secretary in practice for listed companies and such class of companies as may be prescribed. Secretarial audit report to be annexed to BOD’s report. No such requirements.
Functions of Company Secretary – All companies New provisions introduced by the 2013 Act. No provisions on functions of Company Secretary in the 1956 Act.
Schedule V of the 2013 Act: Conditions to be fulfilled for the appointment of a managing or whole-time director or a manager without the approval of the Central Government
Corresponding to Schedule XII of 1956 Act- All companies
• The following differences between Schedule V of the 2013 Act and Schedule XIII of the 1956 Act are as under:
(i) Schedule XIII of the 1956 Act contained a list of 15 enactments under which conviction of an offence and being sentenced to imprisonment for any period and fine not execeeding Rs.1000, was disqualification for appointment as MD/WTD / Manager. Schedule V of the 2013 Act adds one more enactment to the list – the Prevention of Money – Laundering Act, 2002. Conviction of an offence under the Prevention of Money-Laundering Act, 2002 (and sentenced to imprisonment for any period and fine not exceeding Rs.1000) is disqualification for appointment as MD/WTD/manager under Schedule V of the 2013 Act. This was not a disqualification under Schedule XIII of the 1956 Act. Schedule V has replaced some of the enactments in the original list of 15 in Schedule III with their new avatars-FERA, 1973 with FEMA, 1999; the 1956 Act with the 2013 Act, the MRTP Act, 1973 with the Competition Act, 2002.
(ii) Minimum age limit for appointment as MD/WTD/manager was 25 years in Schedule XIII. However, anyone below 25 years but attained age of majority could be appointed if company passed a special resolution for this. Minimum age limit lowered by Schedule V of 2013 Act to 21 years minimum age limit is not relaxable by company. 
(iii) The Central Govt. is empowered to exempt by notification any class or classes of companies from any of the requirements of Schedule V. Central Govt. had no such power under the 1956 Act in respect of Schedule XIII.
(iv) Under section II of Part II of both Schedule XIII of the 1956 Act as well as Schedule V of the 2013 Act, companies having no profits or inadequate profits are allowed to pay remuneration varying with effective capital without the Central Govt.’s approval. Schedule V has simplified the slabs and scale of remuneration by merging three slabs in Schedule XIII of the 1956 Act into one slab. Unlike Schedule XIII which capped remuneration at Rs.48,00,000 p.a. or Rs.4,00,000 per month Schedule V of the 2013 Act provides for removal of remuneration cap and provides that if effective capital exceeds Rs.100 crores, limit for remuneration shall be Rs.60 lakhs plus 0.01% of effective capital in excess of Rs.250 crores if effective capital is more than Rs.250 crores. The limits can be doubled by company by passing a special resolution which was not the case in Schedule XIII of 1956 Act.
(v) Schedule V of the 2013 Act provides that in case of managerial person who is not holding securities of the company of nominal value of Rs.5 lakhs or more or an employee or director of company or not related to any director or promoter at any time during the 2 years prior to his appointment as managerial personnel – limit on remuneration is 2.5% of current relevant profit. This provision was not there in Schedule XIII of the 1956 Act. 
(vi) Section III of Part II of Schedule V has special provisions for newly incorporated companies for 7 years after incorporation, sick companies, remuneration fixed by BIFR or NCLT, SEZ. In these cases, remuneration in excess of limits in Section II of Part II can be paid without Central Govt’s prior approval. This was not the case in Schedule XII of the 1956 Act.
DT.04/10/2013
ahm/mm

</doc>
<doc id="30937584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937584" title="Storage (album)">
Storage (album)

Storage is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. Due to issues with sound quality, the original recording was edited for this release. The original full-length recording was issued in the "Merzbox" in 2000. The working title for the album was "War Storage", which was later used for the track titles of the "Merzbox" version.

</doc>
<doc id="30937595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937595" title="Archelaus (high priest of Comana Cappadocia)">
Archelaus (high priest of Comana Cappadocia)

Archelaus (; fl. 1st century BC, died January/February 55 BC) was a high priest of the temple-state of Comana, Cappadocia.
Family background.
Archelaus was a Cappadocian Greek nobleman, possibly of Macedonian descent. He was the first son and namesake of the Pontic high-ranking General Archelaus who participated in the Mithridatic Wars while his brother was the Pontic soldier Diogenes, who served in the army of King Mithridates VI of Pontus. His paternal uncle was the distinguished Pontic General Neoptolemus and the family of Archelaus were active in the Pontic Court. 
The identity of his mother is unknown. Archelaus was descended from King Mithridates VI of Pontus. According to Strabo, Archelaus claimed to be a son of Mithridates VI, but this claim is not plausible. Chronologically, Archelaus may have been a maternal grandson of the Pontic King; his father, Mithridates VI’s favorite general, may have married one of the daughters of Mithridates VI. There is a possibility that the mother of Archelaus may have been a Pontic princess, one of the daughters born from the concubine of Mithridates VI.
Career.
He had a homonymous character. In 63 BC, the Roman Triumvir, General Pompey appointed Archelaus as High Priest and Roman Client King of the temple state of Comana, Cappadocia. When Pompey raised him to the priesthood, Archelaus became the priest of the Roman Goddess of War, Bellona. The dignity of the priest to the Goddess at Comana conferred upon the person who held it the power of a monarch over the place and its immediate vicinity. 
Archelaus had control over the temple serfs, numbering 6,000, and he was not empowered to sell them. A considerable revenue accrued to the priest from the associated territories. By the time of his appointed priesthood and rule, Archelaus had married an unnamed Greek woman as his first wife and she died by 56 BC. From his first wife, he had two children: one son called Archelaus and an unnamed daughter.
In 56 BC the Proconsul of Syria, Aulus Gabinius, was making preparations for the Parthian War and Archelaus travelled to Syria to offer his assistance to Gabinius. As Archelaus planned his trip to Syria, the Greek Ptolemaic Queen Berenice IV of Egypt wished to marry a prince of royal blood.
Remarriage.
In the summer of 56 BC, Archelaus travelled to Alexandria, Egypt, to offer his hand in marriage to Berenice IV, claiming to be the son of Mithridates VI. Archelaus gave Berenice IV personal gifts and showed his military capabilities to woo her into marriage. Some time later, Archelaus and Berenice IV married. It was the second marriage for both. There is a possibility that Berenice IV could have made Archelaus her co-regent and could have given Archelaus the title of ‘Pharaoh’. A certain papyri survives dated from their union that could have belonged to Berenice IV and Archelaus.
War and death.
The Roman Senate would not allow Archelaus to take part in the Parthian War. Either Archelaus left Gabinius in secret or Gabinius was induced by bribes to assist Archelaus in his hand-in-marriage for Berenice IV, while at the same time Gabinius received bribes from the father of Berenice IV, Ptolemy XII Auletes, to assist him to be restored to the Egyptian throne.
Archelaus enjoyed the honor of being the husband of Berenice IV for only six months, as Gabinius kept his promise to the father of Berenice IV. In January/February 55 BC, Ptolemy XII Auletes marched on Egypt with an army to reclaim his throne. In the fighting, Archelaus had died. Berenice IV and his daughter from his first marriage were put to death. The Roman Triumvir Mark Antony, who was a friend of his family, had Archelaus’ body searched among the dead and buried Archelaus in a manner worthy of a King.
His son succeeded him as High Priest Ruler at Comana.

</doc>
<doc id="30937597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937597" title="1999 Legg Mason Tennis Classic – Doubles">
1999 Legg Mason Tennis Classic – Doubles

Grant Stafford and Kevin Ullyett were the defending champions. Stafford chose not to participate this year. Ullyett partenered with Piet Norval but lost in the semifinals to the eventual champions Justin Gimelstob and Sébastien Lareau. <BR>Justin Gimelstob and Sébastien Lareau won in the final over David Adams and John-Laffnie de Jager, 7–5, 7–6(7–3).

</doc>
<doc id="30937606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937606" title="Fritz Lehmann">
Fritz Lehmann

Fritz Lehmann (17 May 190430 March 1956) was a noted German conductor, whose career was cut short by his early death at the age of 51. His repertoire ranged from the Baroque through to contemporary works, in both the concert hall and the opera house. He was an early advocate of period performance practice. and founded the Berliner Motettenchor. He is best known through a number of recordings he left.
Biography.
Fritz Ludwig Lehmann was born in Mannheim, the son of an organist and choirmaster. He studied at the Hochschule für Musik there from 1918 to 1921, and at the Universities of Heidelberg and Göttingen. He made his professional debut as a pianist in 1918.
He conducted at Göttingen (1923-1927), firstly as choirmaster and later as conductor of the Municipal Theatre. In Essen he was head of the classes for opera and orchestra at the Folkwangschule. He also conducted in Hildesheim and Hanover until 1938. In 1934 he became conductor of the Göttingen International Handel Festival,where he conducted the first modern production of Handel's "Tolomeo", on 19 June 1938. He resigned after conflict with the Nazi authorities in 1944.
Lehmann was Generalmusikdirektor in Bad Pyrmont (1934-1938), and Wuppertal (1938-1947). He returned to the Göttingen International Handel Festival in 1946, remaining there until 1953. On 29 June 1947 he led the first modern production of Handel's "Teseo".
He founded the Berliner Motettenchor (Berlin Motet Choir) to perform mainly works of Johann Sebastian Bach. He recorded several Bach cantatas with the Berlin Philharmonic and soloists including Helmut Krebs and Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, who also appeared in his 1949 recording of the "St Matthew Passion" for Les Discophiles Français, as the Evangelist and Vox Christi (voice of Christ).
From 1953 he taught at the Munich Hochschule für Musik und Theater. He simultaneously had an active career as a guest conductor in various European countries and Argentina, and led the Bamberg Symphony on a tour of Spain.
During the interval while conducting the "St Matthew Passion" in Munich, on Good Friday, 30 March 1956, Lehmann collapsed and died of a heart attack, aged only 51. Another conductor took over for the second half, the audience not being informed of Lehmann's death until the end of the performance. Lehmann had begun to record Bach's "Christmas Oratorio" with the Berliner Motettenchor and the RIAS Kammerchor, the Berlin Philharmonic and soloists Gunthild Weber, Sieglinde Wagner, Helmut Krebs and Heinz Rehfuss in 1955. It was unfinished when he died; Günther Arndt conducted parts 5 and 6 in 1956.
Recordings.
Fritz Lehmann's recordings include:

</doc>
<doc id="30937611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937611" title="Clarence Huber">
Clarence Huber

Clarence Bill Huber (October 27, 1895 – February 22, 1965) was a third baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the Detroit Tigers and Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="30937677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937677" title="Pam Galloway">
Pam Galloway

Dr. Pam Galloway (born September 11, 1955) is an American physician and surgeon and a former Republican member of the Wisconsin Senate, representing the 29th District since 2011. On March 16, 2012, she retired from this office.
Galloway graduated with a BA from the University of Chicago in 1976, and earned her MD from the University of Virginia in 1980. Galloway is a member of a number of medical committees, and was the past Chairperson of the Marathon Republican Party. She was elected to the Wisconsin Senate in 2010. She had been facing an effort to recall her from office. However, on March 16, 2012, Galloway announced her resignation from office due to health issues in her family, leaving the Senate evenly split between Democrats and Republicans. Galloway's seat was filled in the recall election, which had already been scheduled. She was succeeded by fellow Republican Jerry Petrowski. She has since relocated to Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="30937683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937683" title="Registrar of Companies, India">
Registrar of Companies, India

The Registrar of Companies India is the official agency that deals with administration of Companies Act, 2013. It falls under Ministry of Corporate Affairs. It has offices in all major states of India.The Registrar of Companies is the primary regulator for company- related matters in India. It is popularly known as ROC.
External Links.
http://www.mca.gov.in/MinistryV2/contact.html

</doc>
<doc id="30937686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937686" title="Centrio">
Centrio

Centrio is an integrated mixed-use complex composed of a shopping mall, a hotel, a BPO/office building and a condominium tower located along Capt. Vicente Roa St. and Corrales Ave., cor. Claro M. Recto Avenue in Cagayan de Oro City in the Philippines. Following the concept of 'shop, dine, live, work and play,' Centrio (a combination of two words: center and rio or river in English) got its name from Cagayan de Oro River, which is the center of every Cagayanon's life and of city's economic might since pre-Hispanic era. The entire complex occupies 3.7 hectares right in the city's central business district. It also sits in front of Gaisano City Mall and a few blocks away from homegrown Limketkai Mall. Centrio is owned by Ayala Corporation and has an estimated cost of Php 4.7 billion.
Centrio Mall.
The 3 storey upscale mall (excluding of the 30,000 plus sq.m. underground parking lot) has a gross floor area of 64,000 sq.m. and 44,000 sq.m. for gross leasable area. Situated in front of Gaisano City Mall right in the heart of city's central business district, this large, lifestyle shopping center is also home of 'many firsts' in the city. During the construction period, Ayala executives decided to preserve the two old acacia trees, which are believed to be 60 years old. The mall's alfresco area was built around the two big trees, which became the foundation of its mini-park called Centrio Garden. The indoor park has become the premier attraction and at the same time a children's playground; therefore making the mall the first eco-friendly and child-friendly shopping destination in the city. The major anchor stores are Rustan's Fresh, which is the first in Mindanao and the biggest Rustan's supermarket in the country, and Robinsons Department Store.
Home of more than 300 tenants composed of local, national and international brands of stores, botiques and restaurants, the mall opened on November 9, 2012. It has four modern cinemas offering 2D and 3D technologies to movie-goers. Today, Centrio Mall since its opening is fast becoming a favorite venue, mostly of local trade fairs, fashion shows, exhibitions, concerts and other events being held either in activity center, which can accommodate more than 300 people, or in the garden.
Centrio Tower.
Centrio Tower is a 23-storey condominium tower. It is owned and developed by Cagayan De Oro Gateway Corp., a joint venture between Ayala Land Inc. and the Antonio Floirendo Group of Companies. The tower will house 21 floors of residential units above 2 parking levels. Also, 2 commercial units will be located at the ground floor. The tower will also have an adult and kiddie swimming pools, a multi-purpose hall, outdoor exercise and play equipment, as well as open areas as its amenities.

</doc>
<doc id="30937689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937689" title="Tamil Buddhism">
Tamil Buddhism

Tamil Buddhism () or Buddhism amongst Tamil speaking people refers to the various schools of Buddhism that flourished in the ancient Tamil country.
Earliest Tamil Buddhism.
Although there is paltry archeological evidence regarding the antiquity of Buddhism, number of well known Classical Tamil literature of and work on Tamil Grammar were written by self identified Buddhist authors. There is no scholarly agreement on the antiquity of Buddhism amongst Tamil people with researchers such as Peter Schalk, arguing that it does not predate the 4th century CE and Buddhism was always a marginal religion amongst the Tamil people. Whereas some scholars and Neo Buddhist activists claiming that Buddhism was prevalent earlier than the 4th century CE and played an important role in the Tamil society.
India.
Tamil Nadu.
The ancient Tamil Buddhist poem Manimekalai by the poet Seethalai Saathanar is set in the town of Kaveripattanam.
Ancient ruins of a 4th-5th century Buddhist monastery, a Buddha statue, and a Buddhapada (footprint of the Buddha) were found in another section of the ancient city, now at Pallavanesvaram.
The heritage of the town of Nagapatnam is found in the Burmese historical text of 3rd Century BCE, and gives evidences of a Budha Vihar built by the great Ashoka.
Nagapattinam was a Buddhist centre of the 4th-5th century CE. Its stupa dates from this era. Buddhism disappeared from this city as of an unknown date, but was revided as of the 9th century. (H.P.Ray, The Winds of Change, Delhi 1994, p. 142) In the 11th century, Chudamani Vihara, a Buddhist vihara (monastery) was built by Javanese king Sri Vijaya Soolamanivarman with the patronage of Raja Raja Chola. “Animangalam Copperplate” of Kulothunga chola notes that “Kasiba Thera” Monk Renovated the Buddhist temple in 6th century with the help of Buddhist monks of ‘Naga Nadu’. This ‘nagar annam vihar’ later came to be known as ‘Nagananavihar'.Buddhism flourished until 15th century and the buildings of the vihara survived until 18th century.
Kanchipuram is one of the oldest cities in South India, and was a city of learning for Tamil, Sanskrit, and Pali and was believed to be visited by Xuanzang (Huan Tsang) also known as Yuan Chwang. It was during the reign of Pallava dynasty, from the 4th to the 9th centuries that Kanchipuram attained its limelight. The city served as the Pallava capital, and many of the known temples were built during their reign. According to Tamil tradition, the founder of Zen Buddhism, Bodhidharma was born here
, as was the famous Sanskrit writer Dandin who wrote Dashakumaracharita. The Sanskrit poet Bharavi hailed from Kanchi and wrote the famous Kiratarjuniya here under the patronage of the Pallava king Simhavishnu. Great Buddhist scholars such as Dignaga, Buddhaghosa, and Dhammapala lived here too.
The king of Kanchi, Pallava Mahendravarman I was a great scholar and musician, a man of great intelligence and also a great Sanskrit satirist and playwright.
Xuanzang, the great Chinese traveler, visited the city in the 7th century and said that this city was 6 miles in circumference and that its people were famous for bravery and piety as well as for their love of justice and veneration for learning. He further recorded that Buddha had visited the place.
Sri Lanka.
Jaffna peninsula.
Nāka Tivu/ Nāka Nadu was the name of the whole Jaffna peninsula in some historical documents. There are number of Buddhist myths associated with the interactions of people of this historical place with Buddha. This Tamil Buddhist shrine was located close to the ancient Nainativu Nagapooshani Amman Temple of Nainativu, one of the Shakti Peethas. The word Naga was sometimes written in early inscriptions as Nāya, as in Nāganika - this occurs in the Nanaghat inscription of 150 BCE.
The famous Vallipuram Buddha statue built with Dravidian sculptural traditions from Amaravati, Andhra Pradesh (Amaravati school) was found in excavations below the Hindu Temple. The language of the inscription is Tamil-Prakrit, which shares several similarities with script inscriptions used in Andhra at the time, when the Telugu Satavahana dynasty was at the height of its power and its 17th monarch Hāla (20-24 CE) married a princess from the island. Professor Peter Shalk (University of Uppsala), writes "Vallipuram has very rich archaeological remains that point at an early settlement. It was probably an emporium in the first centuries AD. […] From already dated stones with which we compare this Vallipuram statue, we can conclude that it falls in the period 3-4 century AD. During that period, the typical Amaravati-Buddha sculpture was developed." The Buddha statue found here was gifted to King of Thailand by the then British Governor Henry Blake in 1906.
Dr. Indrapala argued for a flourishing pre-Christian buddhist civilization in Jaffna, in agreement with Paranavithana, and Mudliyar C. Rasanayakam, "Ancient Jaffna" in an earlier work, 1965.
This place is similar to Nagapatnam where all Asian vessels used it as a stopover point and the Buddhist and Hindu Dagobas are just a resting and worshipping places for the sailors and international traders. Both Nagapatnam and Vallipuram served the powerful kingdoms of China, Siam, Cambodia, Champa (Vietnam) and Java.
A group of Dagobas situated close together at the Kandarodai site served as a monastery for Tamil monks and reflect the rise in popularity of Mahayana Buddhism amongst Jaffna Tamils and the Tamils of the ancient Tamil country in the first few centuries of the common era before the revivalism of Hinduism amongst the population.
Trincomalee.
Thiriyai is referred to as "Thalakori" in the 2nd century AD map of Ptolemy. Pre-Christian-Buddhist Tamil Brahmi inscriptions have been found in the area, the oldest belonging to the 2nd century BCE. Thiriyai formed a prominent village of Jaffna's Vannimai districts in the medieval period. The site is home to Mahayana Buddhist vatadage ruins worshipped by the locals during the rise of Tamil Buddhism in the area. During Paramesvaravarman I's reign, the famous Tiriyai Pallava Grantha inscriptions of 7th-8th century Tamilakkam were recorded in the village. The inscription refers to Tamil merchant mariners from Tamil Nadu, their seafaring and commerce to Trincomalee. It details their endowment of this shrine dedicated to the Buddhist deity Avalokitesvara and his consort Tara. Dvarapala sculptures found at the ruins are early contributions of the Pallava school of art to the island.
The Chola Dynasty patronised several religions amongst Tamils, including Saivism, Vaishnavism and Buddhism. They built Buddhist temples known as "Perrumpallis". The famous Rajarajapperumpalli of Periyakulam was built by Rajaraja Chola I. Tamil inscriptions excavated from this site point to the attention the Cholas paid to the development of Trincomalee District as a strong Saiva Tamil principality and for their contributions to the upkeep of several shrines including the monumental Shiva Koneswaram temple of Trincomalee.

</doc>
<doc id="30937691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937691" title="Galatheoidea">
Galatheoidea

Galatheoidea is a superfamily of decapod crustaceans comprising some squat lobsters and the porcelain crabs. Two other families of squat lobsters, Chirostylidae and Kiwaidae, are not closely related to the members of Galatheoidea, and are now placed in other superfamilies. The fossil record of the group extends back to the Middle Jurassic genus "Palaeomunidopsis".
The following genera are included:
Two further fossil taxa may be included in the superfamily, but were not considered in the latest synopsis. The family Retrorsichelidae contains the single species, "Retrorsichela laevis" from the Campanian, which was tentatively placed in Galatheoidea by its authors. The Eocene genus "Ovocarcinus", containing only "O. elongatus", was originally placed "incertae sedis".

</doc>
<doc id="30937717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937717" title="Abbott Records">
Abbott Records

Abbott Records was an American record label operated by music promoter and producer Fabor Robison (1911-1986) from 1951 to about 1958. Abbott Records released mainly Country and Western Music, Rockabilly and—towards the end of its existence—mainstream Pop vocal selections, enjoying considerable chart success for a label of its modest means.
Early History.
After serving a stint in the U.S. Army during World War II, Arkansas native Fabor Robison settled in Southern California and began to work as a talent scout. In late 1949 or early 1950, Robison discovered singer Johnny Horton, who had lately won a talent contest in Texas and had returned to his native Los Angeles, bought Western clothes, and was looking for a gig. Robison placed Horton on Cliffie Stone's Hometown Jamboree program, based out of Pasadena, California, which aired on KXLA on radio and KCOP (later KLAC) on television. Robison also set up a recording deal for Horton with the tiny Cormac Records label, but that concern soon folded. Disgusted, Robison decided to found his own record label and found an investor in pharmacist Sid Abbott; Robison subsequently named the label after his partner. At first, Abbott Records existed solely to record Horton, and the label's first ten releases were devoted to him, though some were duets with Billy Barton. None of the initial slate of releases attracted much in the way of attention, and in mid-1952 Robison sold Horton's recording contract to Mercury Records, based in Chicago though it had a division in Shreveport, Louisiana.
Louisiana Hayride.
Also in 1952, Johnny Horton joined the cast of Louisiana Hayride, based out of KWKH in Shreveport, an association Horton would enjoy the rest of his days. Likewise, Robison discovered the talent pool at the Louisiana Hayride and began to record their artist roster extensively. Robison took a special interest in singer Jim Reeves, to such extent that Johnny Horton became aggravated with Robison and dropped him as manager; Robison countered by representing Reeves instead. Reeves' records of "Mexican Joe" and "Bimbo (song)" became the first chart hits on the Abbott Label.
Subsidiaries and Later Years.
In 1953, Abbott was doing well enough that Fabor Robison was able to buy out the share of his partner, Sid Abbott. In order to diversify the label's offerings, Robison founded the Fabor Records imprint as a subsidiary of Abbott, though at first these records carried the same artist pool—drawn from the Louisiana Hayride—as featured on the parent. These artists included pianist Floyd Cramer, The Browns, Smiley Burnette, Dorsey Burnette and Mitchell Torok, whose "Caribbean" was Abbott's next chart hit in 1953. Many of these recordings featured members of the Louisiana Hayride house band as accompanists and were recorded at KWKH studios in Shreveport. However, Robison also used the Sun Studio in Memphis on occasion, in addition to continuing to record in Los Angeles; in one instance he is known to have accepted a master submitted through the mail directly from an artist. Early Abbott issues bear an address in Malibu, and by the mid-1950s the label is listed as located in Hollywood, but the later Fabor Records releases revert to a Malibu address.
In 1955, Jim Reeves broke with Fabor Robison and signed with RCA Victor. The previous year, Robison had signed The DeCastro Sisters, whom to that point had largely functioned as the Cuban response to The Andrews Sisters. To facilitate the change of genre, Robison created a 3000 series within Abbott to cover popular, non-country music acts, and the DeCastros quickly delivered Abbott's biggest ever hit, "Teach Me Tonight," which went to Number Two on the Billboard pop charts. However, the incursion of rock n' roll into the music business was swiftly becoming unavoidable, and around 1958 Robison dropped both the Abbott and Fabor imprints and founded Radio Records, exclusively a rock n' roll label, with only Billy Barton held over from the previous Abbott and Fabor rosters. Radio was not a success and folded after just 25 releases in 1959.
Fabor Robison revived the Fabor imprint once more in 1962 to record Ned Miller's hit "From a Jack to a King." He kept this second Fabor label going until 1966; one of its last releases was a record by English actress Hermione Baddeley. Robison's record companies were strictly singles-only outfits; the only LP released by any of these companies was "Jim Reeves Sings", issued in 1955 as Abbott 15001.
Legacy.
Two years after the success of "From a Jack to a King," Robison sold Ned Miller's contract and all of his recordings to Capitol; he reached a similar agreement with RCA Victor in the wake of Jim Reeves' untimely death in 1964. Even when the Abbott family of labels was still a going concern, Robison was not above offering masters to other labels; an outtake of Mitchell Torok's 1953 recording of "Caribbean" became a hit again when it was released on the Guyden label in 1959. Robison had recorded much more material than he ever released, and there are large blocks of numbers in the Abbott catalogue that are apparently unused, slated for records that were planned, but never issued. Over the years to come, Robison would license Abbott and other material he had recorded to countless labels, many of them small and cheap, until he finally sold the vault to the Shelby Singleton Corporation sometime in the 1970s or 80s, but it is said that this sale contained some masters that had already been brokered to other labels.
Despite the confusion regarding the ultimate legacy of Abbott and its various subsidiaries as a legal entity, its artistic legacy is secure. Abbott was the first label to introduce the major artists listed above—in addition to Billie Jo Spears -- to records, and it also brought to recordings many lesser known figures of interest, such as Rudy Grayzell, Bonnie Guitar, Ginny Wright, Wink Lewis, Bob Stegall, and Bobby Hart. As such, more obscure titles—particularly Rockabilly items—on Abbott and its kin have long remained popular with record collectors. Robison has not been fondly remembered by several of the artists who had business dealings with him, but he had an unerring eye for talent, and it is with some irony that all of the talent that worked with him established their best work and greatest successes with labels other than his.

</doc>
<doc id="30937733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937733" title="Enclosure (album)">
Enclosure (album)

Enclosure is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is one of two cassettes made with raw material from "Ecobondage", "Vratya Southward" being the second.
It was later included in the "Merzbox" with bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="30937744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937744" title="Gindalbie, Western Australia">
Gindalbie, Western Australia

Gindalbie is an abandoned town in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. It is situated between Kalgoorlie and Laverton along the Donkey Rocks Road.
The town's name is Aboriginal in origin and is the local name for the area. The town was gazetted on 9 September 1903. While in planning, the name of Vosperton was proposed in honour of the editor of the "Coolgardie Miner", Frederick Vosper, who became the MLA for North-East Coolgardie in 1897. The planned boundaries and area of the town were changed in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="30937745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937745" title="Georg Grozer">
Georg Grozer

Georg Grozer (born as György Grózer November 27, 1984 in Budapest, Hungary) is a German volleyball player. He is a gold medalist of European League 2009. Since 2012 he has been playing for Russian club Belogorie Belgorod.

</doc>
<doc id="30937751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937751" title="BW A444">
BW A444

BW A444U was an experimental neuromuscular blocking drug or skeletal muscle relaxant in the category of non-depolarizing neuromuscular-blocking drugs, intended to be used adjunctively in surgical anesthesia to facilitate endotracheal intubation and to provide skeletal muscle relaxation during surgery or mechanical ventilation. It was synthesized and developed in the early 1980s.
BW A444U represented the first generation of tetrahydroisoquinolinium neuromuscular-blocking drugs that are nicotinic acetylcholine receptor anatagonists. It was an intermediate-duration non-depolarizing neuromuscular-blocking drug or skeletal muscle relaxant. It was synthesized by Mary M. Jackson and James C. Wisowaty, PhD (both chemists within the Chemical Development Laboratories at Burroughs Wellcome Co., Research Triangle Park, NC) in collaboration with John J. Savarese MD (who at the time was an anesthesiologist in the Dept. of Anesthesia, Harvard Medical School at the Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA).
The drug was tested clinically in the early 1980s, and quickly abandoned from further clinical development after a single clinical study, owing primarily to undesirable effects of histamine release when administered at clinically relevant doses.

</doc>
<doc id="30937775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937775" title="List of Speakers of the House of Representatives of Japan">
List of Speakers of the House of Representatives of Japan

List of Speakers or Presidents ("gichō") and Vice-Speakers or Vice Presidents ("fuku-gichō") of the House of Representatives of Japan.
"Note: Many House Presidents and Vice-Presidents, including most in recent decades, leave their parliamentary party during their tenure and formally become independents (but retain membership of the wider party)."

</doc>
<doc id="30937779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937779" title="Ed Lennon">
Ed Lennon

Edward Francis Lennon (August 17, 1897 – September 13, 1947) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="30937780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937780" title="Teen Thay Bhai">
Teen Thay Bhai

Teen Thay Bhai is a 2011 Hindi comedy film directed by Mrighdeep Lamba, produced by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra Productions and PVR Pictures. The film stars Om Puri, Shreyas Talpade, Deepak Dobriyal, Ragini Khanna and Yograj Singh.
Plot.
Teen Thay Bhai is the story of 3 brothers separated for many years and reunited by their grandfather's will. The movie is a remake of The Darjeeling Limited.
The story starts with an introduction of three brothers. The eldest Chixie Gill (Om Puri), is a small time shop owner with 3 obese daughters whom no one wants to marry and a nagging wife (whom he would like to send back to her parents house). He dreamed of opening a big cloth store in his younger days but their grandfather was not ready to sell their village land for the money needed. The middle brother, Happy Gill (Deepak Dobriyal) is a dentist who has only one diagnosis for any tooth ailment, shifting pain. As a result, he has no patients but a long line of creditors (whose teeth he has removed more than once). He wants to get rid of all his debts and open a big dry-cleaning shop. He was in love with Gurleen Kaur (Ragini Khanna) in his younger days when they got separated. The youngest, Fancy Gill (Shreyas Talpade) is an aspiring actor who wants to go Hollywood, but only gets roles in Punjabi cinema, where his habit of putting in disco and English dialogues leads to him being thrown out quite often.
On the death of their grandfather, by the requirement of his will, they need get together for 3 years on the day of his death anniversary before midnight at the cabin. If not, the property around the cabin (worth crores of rupees) will be forfeited. Also every year one of them has to take care of their grandfather's ashes starting from the eldest and pass it on to the next younger on that day. For the much needed money, they somehow manage to make it through two years, but the last year holds a lot for them. Snowstorms, trespassers, foreign babes with drugs,etc. bring them close to each other and make up their differences.
The climax brings in a twist that wraps up the story nicely.
Production.
Casting.
According to Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, “Omji, Deepak and Shreyas suited the roles perfectly. Given the age difference, the eldest brother is a fatherly figure. And their chemistry, or the lack of it, becomes pivotal for the story to be told.”
Filming.
The film was shot at Gulmarg, Baramula district, Kashmir in 44 days.
Critical reception.
The movie received negative reviews. Anupama Chopra of NDTV wrote in its review - "Debutant director Mrighdeep Singh Lamba strains hard to make you laugh – Teen Thay Bhai includes everything from fart jokes to a purposefully loud Ram Leela – but I barely smiled" and gave it 1.5 stars out of five.
Soundtrack.
The music is composed by Sukhwinder Singh, Daler Mehndi, Rajat Dholakia, and Ranjit Barot. Lyrics are penned by Gulzar. The music is primarily bhangra style highly influenced by western music.

</doc>
<doc id="30937786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937786" title="Stewart Kerr">
Stewart Kerr

Stewart Kerr (born 13 November 1974 in Bellshill) is a retired Scottish football goalkeeper, who played for Celtic, Brighton and Wigan Athletic. 
Kerr was forced into early retirement at the age of 26 due to a back injury. He was appointed to the Scottish First Division club Airdrie United as goalkeeper coach in August 2008. He left that position to join Scottish Premier League side Motherwell in Sept 2009 where he was credited with developing current English Premier League side Norwich City goalkeeper John Ruddy, as well as Republic Of Ireland squad goalkeeper Darren Randolph. Kerr left Motherwell in December 2011 to become goalkeeper coach for Canadian Major League Soccer side Toronto FC.

</doc>
<doc id="30937787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937787" title="Dale P. Kooyenga">
Dale P. Kooyenga

Dale Kooyenga (February 12, 1979) is a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, CPA and United States Army reservist. He was first elected to the chamber in 2010 and represents the 14th district.
Born in Oak Lawn, Illinois, Kooyenga graduated with an AA from Moraine Valley Community College in 2000, attained a BA from Lakeland College in 2000, and later an MBA from Marquette University in 2007. He is a member of the U.S. Army Reserve, and an Iraq War veteran.
Early life and college.
Kooyenga grew up the oldest of four siblings on the south side of Chicago in a blue collar family and neighborhood. He attended Chicago Christian High School and went on to attend Moraine Valley Community College. Kooyenga played basketball at Moraine Valley and was subsequently recruited by Lakeland College in Sheboygan, Wisconsin where he played NCAA Div III basketball and graduated with honors. 
Professional career.
Kooyenga moved to Milwaukee in 2001, passed the Certified Public Accounting exam, and began working for a large international accounting firm. During his career as a public accountant he worked with the State of Wisconsin's largest manufacturing, health care, financial services and not-for-profit organizations. Kooyenga is also a graduate of Marquette University's Masters In Business Administration program.
In 2005 Kooyenga left his career in public accounting to join the U.S. Army. He attended the United States Army's basic training, Officer Candidate School and the Military Intelligence Officer Course. After completing the year-long Army training Kooyenga returned to his career in public accounting and married. 
Kooyenga was called up for service in Iraq in 2008. Although trained as a Military Intelligence Officer, Kooyenga was assigned as the 4th Infantry Division's Officer in Charge of Economic Development in Baghdad. Kooyenga served in Iraq from January 2008 to November 2008. The team in charge of economic development created thousands of jobs by utilizing a combination of mircogrants, introducing foreign investors and working directly with Iraqi small, medium and large business. Kooyenga was part of a team that realized an 80% decrease in significant hostile acts from January 2008 to November 2008. Kooyenga was awarded the Bronze Star for his service. 
In Fall 2010, Kooyenga was elected to represent the 14th District for the Wisconsin State Assembly. He was sworn into office on January 3, 2011.
Recent work.
Kooyenga has championed both budget reform and school reform since his election in 2010. He has authored, co-authored, and sponsored bills and resolutions that facilitate the creation of local charter schools, reform treatment of Capitol Losses, in addition to many other issues. During the recent budget cycle he was the leader in the effort to simplify the WI tax code. His most notable change was unifying Federal and State depreciation levels.

</doc>
<doc id="30937793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937793" title="Mower (band)">
Mower (band)

Mower is a Hardcore/Punk jazz band from San Diego, California formed in the early '90s. The band released their debut album Mower in 2003 on Suburban Noize Records. The band's alter ego Slower is a softer version of the band with more of a softer Jazz/Lounge punk sound.
Biography.
"Mower" is a punk band from California, with two vocalists, Brian Sheerin and Dominic Moscatello. The band is signed to Suburban Noize Records and released three albums on the record label; Mower 2003, Not For You 2006, and Make It a Double 2009. "Slower" is a softer "alter ego" of Mower, and releases songs on "Mower"'s albums. Slower has all of the same band members, it's just a softer jazzier version of Mower. In 1999, Mower also went on the Vans Warped Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="30937797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937797" title="Crime in Alice Springs">
Crime in Alice Springs

Crime is a significant social issue in Alice Springs.A controversial source of crime is Alice Springs' population of Aboriginal residents.
Statistics.
In 2009 there were 1432 recorded assaults in Alice Springs, with 65% of assaults involving alcohol. Reported assaults had almost doubled since 2004. The Territory's Southern Region Police Commander, Anne-Marie Murphy said that itinerancy, domestic violence and alcohol were the main factors driving up crime rates.
In the 2009-10 financial year, the Northern Territory Justice Department's "Quarterly Crime & Justice Statistics" report recorded that there were 1632 reported cases of theft, and 906 reports of property damage in Alice Springs. 774 homes and businesses were broken into during the 2009-10 financial year.
Crime increase.
The NT Justice Department's "Quarterly Crime & Justice Statistics" report documented increases across multiple categories of crime in Alice Springs in the 6 years between the 2004-05 and the 2009-10 reporting periods. Recorded cases of assault rose by 87%, sexual assault offences rose by 97%, and house break-ins increased by 64%.
Break-ins to commercial premises rose by 185%, and 'motor vehicle theft and related offences' increased by 97% on 2004-05 figures.
Response to crime.
In 2008, the Alice Springs town council began to hire private security guards to patrol the town, at a cost of $5000 per week. The Northern Territory government has been accused of underfunding social services for Aboriginal people in Alice Springs, as part of a wider problem of underfunding across central Australia. Alice Springs Mayor Damien Ryan has indicated that crime has increased as more people migrated into the city from remote communities.
Some long-time residents of Alice Springs have moved away as a direct result of crime concerns. Local businesses have spent increased amounts to upgrade the physical security of their premises from property crime, including the use of high security fences, razor wire and security cameras.

</doc>
<doc id="30937802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937802" title="Sebastian Schwarz">
Sebastian Schwarz

Sebastian Schwarz (born 2 October 1985) is a German volleyball player.
References.
Profile (German)

</doc>
<doc id="30937854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937854" title="Umbria Volley">
Umbria Volley

Umbria Volley is an Italian volleyball club based in the Province of Perugia. The club was founded as "Perugia Volley" in 2001. Since the season 2001/02 the club plays in the A1 league, the top league in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="30937857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937857" title="Sheikh Mohammad Rohani">
Sheikh Mohammad Rohani

Sheikh Mohammad Rohani(1220-1305 AD)(Pashto:شيخ محمد روحانى) also known as Shah Mohammad Rohani and Rohani Ba Ba was a Sufi cleric born around 1220 AD. The cleric, whose shrine in southern Afghanistan attracts thousands of Sufi visitors every year, is said to have migrated to current day Afghanistan in the later parts of the 13th century AD during the decline of the Abbasid Caliphate in Baghdad. He was a disciple of the renowned Sheikh Rukn-e-Alam.
The demise of the Abbasid dynasty in Baghdad in 1258 AD triggered a mass exodus of Islamic scholars and spiritual leaders from Baghdad fearing persecution at the hands of Turko-Mongol invaders. Some of the Abbasid members migrated westward and established yet another dynasty in Egypt that lasted until 1519. Most of the Abbasid cadre migrated southeastward to Iran, Central Asia, Afghanistan, and parts of India.
The descendants of Sheikh Mohammad Rohani in the Bannu region of Pakistan and parts of Western Afghanistan identify as "Shah," "Said" or "Sheikh" to claim hereditary spiritual honor. Afghan ethnographers refer to the descendants of Sheikh Mohammad Rohani as Sayyid.
According to Mohammad Hayat Khan, the author of the acclaimed reference book on Afghan tribes "Hayat-i-Afghani," Sheikh Mohammad Rohani and his son Sheikh Naikbin aided the Banuchi tribe gain control of the Bannu region after Mangal and Hani tribes reneged on their promises to deliver the customary ten percent tax to the family of the Sheikh. The descendants of the Sheikh were allowed to collect and appropriate local taxes during the reign of Mogul emperor Aurangzeb Alamgir but the emperor's son Bahadur Shah discontinued this trend. Nevertheless the Sheikhan of Bannu were exempt from Mogul and later Durrani taxes until 1847 when Sir Herbert Edwardes, a British colonial officer, levied six percent tax on the annual income of the tribe. Following the imposition of colonial taxes large numbers of this community migrated to southern Afghanistan.
See also.
Sayyid
Rukn-e-Alam
Abbasid Caliphate

</doc>
<doc id="30937858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937858" title="James Casey">
James Casey

James Casey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30937873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937873" title="Mike Endsley">
Mike Endsley

Mike Endsley (March 4, 1962) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin, Endsley graduated with a BS in Psychology from the University of Wisconsin–Platteville in 1984. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. He has described himself as a social conservative, and pro-life.
In March of 2014 Mike announced he was not seeking a 3rd term and was returning to the private sector.

</doc>
<doc id="30937878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937878" title="Andrés Ciro Martínez">
Andrés Ciro Martínez

Andres Ciro Martínez (born 11 January 1968, in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine singer and musician. He was a member of the rock band Los Piojos,and now is the singer in a band called Ciro y los Persas since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30937901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937901" title="Cornutia obovata">
Cornutia obovata

Cornutia obovata is a rare species of tree in the mint family, and formerly considered a member of the verbena family. It is endemic to forested slopes in Puerto Rico, where its common names are capá jigüerilla, nigua, and palo de nigua. When it was added to the endangered species list of the United States in 1988 there were only seven individuals known to remain in the wild. By 1998 there were eight plants known. This is considered one population divided amongst a few locations in the mountain forests of the island.
This is an evergreen tree which can reach 10 meters in maximum height and 15 centimeters in trunk diameter. The oppositely arranged leaves are oval in shape and hairy on the undersides. It bears clusters of tubular purple flowers. 
The tree grows in limestone and serpentine substrates in forested habitat. Other plants associated with the tree include "Daphnopsis philippiana", "Dendropanax laurifolius", "Guettarda ovalifolia", and "Miconia sintenisii". The nectar of the flowers on cultivated specimens is harvested by the carpenter ant "Camponotus abdominalis" var. "floridanus".
This tree has been rare as long as such data have been collected, which is one reason it is in danger of extinction. While the species could be wiped out in any single severe event, it is more likely that it will slowly approach extinction as the few living individuals die. Another threat is deforestation, which has cleared many trees and other plants from the mountains of Puerto Rico. This species has been purposely cut down. The tree is being propagated in Fairchild Tropical Garden, Coral Gables, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="30937911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937911" title="Kebir-Jami Mosque, Simferopol">
Kebir-Jami Mosque, Simferopol

The Kebir-Jami Mosque is located in Simferopol, Ukraine. Kebir-Jami mosque is a prominent architectural monument in Simferopol and the oldest building in the city.
History.
In 1508, or 914 Hijri by the Muslim calendar, Kebir-Jami mosque was dedicated. Writing at the entrance of the mosque in Arabic language states: “This mosque was built for the Glory of the Mightiness of the Khan Meñli I Giray, may Allah forgive all sins of himself and his children in the month of Muharram in the year of nine hundred and fourteen”. It is believed that the white walls of the mosque gave name to the medieval city of Aqmescit (White Mosque). Through the years the mosque has undergone reconstruction many times. 
After World War II Kebir-Jami was left in a state of neglect. For several years the mosque was used as a book-cover workshop. After the return of the Crimean Tatars from deportation a revival of the old mosque began: in 1989 the mosque was given back to the Muslim community. Reconstruction began in late October 1991.
Today, Kebir-Jami is the main Friday mosque of Crimea, it is the residence of the Mufti and the location of the Spiritual Direction of the Muslims of Crimea. The grounds also included a madrasah (educational institution) and the Crimean Tatar library. 

</doc>
<doc id="30937916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937916" title="Bernadett Heidum">
Bernadett Heidum

Bernadett Heidum (born May 26, 1988 in Budapest) is a Hungarian short track speed skater.

</doc>
<doc id="30937919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937919" title="Palmer Park (Colorado Springs)">
Palmer Park (Colorado Springs)

Palmer Park is a park in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Located at 3650 Maizeland Road, the park is several miles northeast of the downtown area, but centrally located in the suburban area.
History.
The area that is now Palmer Park was once owned by Matt France, the earliest recorded owner. In 1873, France sold his property to Henry Austin who used this property to raise sheep. The general area became known as Austin Bluffs, and a major road in the area is named after this man as Austin Bluffs Parkway The land was later purchased by, and is named for, William Jackson Palmer the founder of Colorado Springs, whose estate donated the land to Colorado Springs in 1907. The area is now a Colorado Springs Regional Park, and the largest park inside of the metro area.
Flora, fauna, and geographical layout.
The developed areas of the park represent a relatively small portion of the land, with the majority being of natural layout and vegetation. The highest altitude within the park is approximately 6610 feet (2010 meters). Much of the layout consists of large sandstone bluffs, some with up to 80' sheer drop-offs, although most are smaller. Canyons exist between the sandstone bluffs throughout the park. The lay of the land is nearly completely natural. Scrub oak is very prevalent, along with Ponderosa Pine and Douglas Spruce. There are a few other species of trees, but they are rare. There is a large area of continuous yucca cactus known as Yucca Trail, covering about 20 acres. Cactus is present throughout the park, but only concentrated in this area. Water is scarce in the park, with no naturally running water in the park other than one small stream in the northernmost boundary of the park. Animals seen in the park include bear and mountain lion, but these are not common or permanent residents and are a rare sight. Deer, rabbits, coyotes, foxes, snakes, lizards and are all common sights. Eagles and hawks are also often seen soaring above the park, and owls can be heard and seen perched on the tops of trees silhouetted against the dusk or dawn sky.

</doc>
<doc id="30937920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937920" title="Carl Adolph Dahl">
Carl Adolph Dahl

Carl Adolph Dahl (1769 – 1819) was a Norwegian jurist and politician. He represented Friderichshald at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814.
He was elected as a member of the Parliament in 1817.

</doc>
<doc id="30937929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937929" title="Erik Severson">
Erik Severson

Dr. Erik Severson (February 3, 1974) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Duluth, Minnesota, Dr. Severson graduated with a BS from the University of Minnesota Duluth, and attained an MD from the Mayo Medical School. Severson was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30937939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937939" title="Kururi Domain">
Kururi Domain

In the han system, Kururi was a political and economic abstraction based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields. In other words, the domain was defined in terms of "kokudaka", not land area. This was different from the feudalism of the West.
History.
The original Kururi Castle was a mountain-top fortification built during the Muromachi period by Takeda Nobunaga (1401–1477), and was ruled by his descendants, the Mariya clan, from 1540. With the expansion of the Satomi clan from Awa Province in the Sengoku period, the castle was taken over by Satomi Yoshitaka, who used it as his base of operations against the Hōjō clan, based from Odawara Castle. The Hōjō attempted to take the castle unsuccessfully on a few occasions, and finally seized it in 1564. They lost it just three years later in 1567, when the Satomi regained control.
Following the Battle of Odawara, Toyotomi Hideyoshi punished the Satomi clan by depriving them of their territories in Kazusa Province. With the entry of Tokugawa Ieyasu into the Kantō region, he assigned the fortifications at Kururi to one of his retainers, Matsudaira (Osugi) Tadamasa, and appointed him as "daimyō" of the 30,000 "koku" Kururi Domain.
History.
Kururi was the site of a hilltop fortification built by the powerful Satomi clan of the Bōsō Peninsula during the Sengoku period as a base of operations against their northern rivals, the Late Hōjō clan of Odawara.
Following the Battle of Odawara in 1590, the Kantō region by was assigned to Tokugawa Ieyasu by the warlord Toyotomi Hideyoshi, who also restricted the Satomi to Awa Province for their lukewarm support of his campaigns against the Late Hōjō clan. Tokugawa Ieyasu appointed Osuga Tadamasa the son of one of his Four Generals, Sakakibara Yasumasa to be daimyō of the new 30,000 "koku" Kururi Domain.
Osuga Tadamasa built most of the current fortifications of Kururi Castle, and established a castle town at its base. Following the Battle of Sekigahara, the Osuga clan was transferred to Yokosuka Castle in Suruga Province, and were replaced by the Tsuchiya clan with a reduction in revenues to 20,000 "koku" from 1601-1679. The domain was suppressed in 1679 when Tsuchiya Naoki was declared unfit to rule due to insanity, and his son was demoted to a 3000 "koku" "hatamoto".
Kururi was administered as "tenryō" territory directly under the control of the Tokugawa shogunate until 1742. In July 1842, Kuroda Naozumi, daimyō of Numata Domain in Kozuke Province was transferred to Kururi, and the han was revived. His descendants continued to rule Kururi until the Meiji Restoration. The final daimyo of Kururi Domain, Kuroda Naotaka, initially served as a guard for the pro-Tokugawa forces at the Battle of Ueno in the Boshin War, but then changed his allegiance to the new Meiji government two months later. He was appointed domain governor under the new administration, until the abolition of the han system in July 1871. Kururi Domain became “Kururi Prefecture”, which merged with the short lived “Kisarazu Prefecture” in November 1871, which later became part of Chiba Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="30937958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937958" title="ISIRI 6704">
ISIRI 6704

ISIRI 6704 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) based on ISO 8710, and defines test and measurement methods of motorcycles' brakes and braking devices.
The first edition was published in June 2003 and was later amended in 2006 based on Directive 93/14/EEC. The new amendment was first published in January 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="30937971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937971" title="List of areas in Kingston upon Hull">
List of areas in Kingston upon Hull

This is a list of areas in Kingston Upon Hull, England. 

</doc>
<doc id="30937973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937973" title="Ziraat Bankası Ankara">
Ziraat Bankası Ankara

Ziraat Bankası Ankara () is a Turkish volleyball club established in 1981 and based in Ankara. It is sponsored by the state-owned Ziraat Bankası. Competing in the Turkish Men's Volleyball League, the top league in Turkey, its home venue is Başkent Volleyball Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="30937981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937981" title="Shrikrishna Upadhyay">
Shrikrishna Upadhyay

Shrikrishna Upadhyay (born 1945) is a Nepalese economist. He was the initiator of the organization "SAPPROS", Support Activities for Poor Producers of Nepal. He was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30938018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938018" title="Univex Mercury">
Univex Mercury

The 1938 Univex Mercury was an unusual half frame 35 mm camera from The Universal Camera Corporation.
It was the first camera with any kind of hot shoe connector, and had a distinctive profile due to a large dome protruding out the top of the main body to accommodate its 1/1000 sec rotary disc shutter.

</doc>
<doc id="30938029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938029" title="Dammur">
Dammur


</doc>
<doc id="30938031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938031" title="Augusto Hughes">
Augusto Hughes

Augusto Jorge Hughes (1931–1993) was a senior commander in the Argentine Air Force who was a member of Argentina's fourth military junta of the National Reorganization Process. Hughes was Commander-in-Chief of the Argentine Air Force from 1982 to 1983.
In 1982 during the Falklands War he was the head of the Air Defense Command organizing the air strike raids against the British Task Force, causing severe damage in about 30 ships and planes.
The air fleet was mainly composed of American jetplanes Douglas A4 Skyhawk, French Mirage, Israeli Dagger and the British bomber Canberra. The navy contributed with French Super Etendart.
Argentine Pucará operated from the local airport.

</doc>
<doc id="30938033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938033" title="Bellikatti">
Bellikatti


</doc>
<doc id="30938038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938038" title="ISIRI 6862">
ISIRI 6862

ISIRI 6862 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) based on ISO 4164, and defines mopeds' engine test code and net power.
Other sources that were used in this standard are ISO 1585 and ISIRI 4351.

</doc>
<doc id="30938042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938042" title="Hirekumbalagunta">
Hirekumbalagunta


</doc>
<doc id="30938057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938057" title="List of paintings by Rembrandt">
List of paintings by Rembrandt

The following is a list of paintings by Rembrandt that are generally accepted as autograph by the Rembrandt Research Project and other sources. Note that this list is not authorized by the Rembrandt Research Project, and that Ernst van de Wetering, Director of the Project, is currently preparing an illustrated survey of Rembrandt's painted oeuvre. 

</doc>
<doc id="30938064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938064" title="2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Men's Singles Qualifying">
2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Men's Singles Qualifying

This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel.

</doc>
<doc id="30938080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938080" title="Protection of Freedoms Act 2012">
Protection of Freedoms Act 2012

The Protection of Freedoms Act 2012 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The Protection of Freedoms Bill was introduced in February 2011, by the Home Secretary, Theresa May. The Bill was sponsored by the Home Office. On Tuesday, 1 May 2012 the Protection of Freedoms bill completed its passage through Parliament and received Royal Assent.

</doc>
<doc id="30938084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938084" title="Alyn Ware">
Alyn Ware

Alyn (Alan) Ware (born 21 March 1962), is a New Zealand peace educator and campaigner in the areas of peace, non-violence, nuclear abolition, international law, women’s rights, children’s rights and the environment. He has served as the Global Coordinator for Parliamentarians for Nuclear Nonproliferation and Disarmament since it was founded in 2002.
His previous positions include Director of Aotearoa Lawyers for Peace, Executive Director of the Lawyers Committee on Nuclear Policy (USA), Director of the Peace Foundation Schools Outreach Programme for the UN Decade for a Culture of Peace, and Founding Director of the Mobile Peace Van.
Ware has won a number of awards including the Right Livelihood Award (Sweden), United Nations International Year for Peace Award (New Zealand), Winston Churchill Memorial Trust Award (New Zealand), Alliance for Nuclear Accountability Award (USA) and Tom Perry Peace Award (Canada).
Peace education.
Ware trained in early childhood education and taught in kindergartens prior to establishing the Mobile Peace Van, which toured schools leading classes and training teachers in conflict resolution and other aspects of peace education. He co-founded Our Planet in Every Classroom (a peace and environmental education program that reached nearly 1000 classrooms) and was a member of the government advisory body that developed the Peace Studies Guidelines that became part of the New Zealand school curriculum. He co-founded the Cool Schools Peer Mediation Programme which has been implemented in nearly 1/3 of New Zealand schools. For his early peace education work, Ware was awarded the United Nations International Year of Peace (New Zealand) Award in 1986. 
Nuclear abolition.
Ware was active in the 1980s campaign to ban nuclear weapons from New Zealand. He was founder of the Hamilton Nuclear Weapon Free Zone Committee, and co-founder of Peace Movement Aotearoa – the network of New Zealand peace and disarmament organisations working for a nuclear-weapons-free New Zealand. He served on its coordinating committee until 1992, when he moved to New York to coordinate an effort at the United Nations to achieve a ruling from the International Court of Justice on the illegality of nuclear weapons (achieved in 1996). 
In 1995 he co-founded the Abolition 2000 Global Network to Eliminate Nuclear Weapons – which has grown to include more than 2000 organizations in over 90 countries. He continues to serve on its international Coordinating Committee. Ware also serves on the coordinating board of the Middle Powers Initiative which he helped found in 1998. A key focus for Ware has been the promotion of a nuclear weapons convention – a global treaty to prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons. 
Ware has been a leader in UN resolutions adopted on this issue, drafting a Model Nuclear Weapons Convention which has been circulated by the UN Secretary-General, and building support for this in parliaments and civil society. 
In 2010 he founded the Nuclear Abolition Forum, a website and periodical to facilitate dialogue on the process to achieve and sustain a nuclear-weapons-free world. In 2012 he co-founded the Basel Peace Office.
International law – prevention of war.
Ware is an advocate for the use of legal and political mechanisms to resolve conflicts and prevent war. In 1990 he established the Gulf Peace Team office in New York and lobbied the UN Security Council on peaceful solutions to the Gulf Crisis. 
In 1991 he worked for the World Federalist Movement monitoring developments at the UN on the proposed International Criminal Court in preparation for the launch of the Coalition for an International Criminal Court (CICC) - which was successful in establishing the ICC. Ware led the CICC Working Group on Weapons Systems during the ICC (Rome Statute) negotiations. Ware has served as Vice-President of International Peace Bureau, a Nobel Peace Laureate organisation working for peace, war prevention and disarmament for development. 
Non-violence – prevention of violence against women and children.
Ware educates and campaigns in support of non-violence and the rights of women and children, including the right to be free from sexual, physical or emotional violence. 
He was board member of Safety Inc: The Clothesline Project (New York) from 1994-99, is active in White Ribbon Day and has served on the advisory board of Kids Rights International. He was New Zealand Coordinator for the World March for Peace and Nonviolence (2009) and has served on the International Board of Peace Brigades International, which uses non-violent accompaniment to protect human rights advocates in civil conflicts. He also helped establish the Global Nonviolent Peaceforce. 
Indigenous Rights and anti-racism.
Ware is active in anti-racism and indigenous rights movements in New Zealand and internationally, including in the issues of nuclear weapons and energy issues. 
He was a non-violence trainer for the anti-Springbok Tour protests (1981), was a member of Project Waitangi (an anti-racism education program), was active in the campaign to secure support from New Zealand for the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and has served as an adviser to the American Indian Law Alliance on international legal remedies for violation of treaties between States and Indigenous nations. Ware’s daughter is indigenous. 
Environment and animal rights.
Ware is a member of the World Future Council – a group of 50 eminent people advancing exemplary policy to protect the environment for future generations. Since 1980 he has been vegetarian as part of his respect for animal rights and the environment. 
Sports and peace.
Ware was a member of the 2011 Peace and Sport New York marathon team which also included Tegla Loroupe (first African women to win the NY marathon) and Wilson Kipketer (triple 800m world Champion). He runs a Peace and Sport program for the Basel Peace Office at the University of Basel. 

</doc>
<doc id="30938085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938085" title="United Club">
United Club

The United Club is the airline lounge associated with United Airlines as well as its regional affiliates.
Prior to the United-Continental merger, United Airlines lounges were known as the Red Carpet Club and Continental Airlines lounges were known as the Presidents Club.
United Club is the airline lounge of United Airlines. It operates 50 lounges in 39 major airports around the world. The cost of United Club access varies with elite status, ranging from 400 per year for a 1K elite to US$500 for general members. Day passes are also available for sale US$50 at the door. In addition, Star Alliance Gold members receive complimentary access, with the exception of United elites traveling domestically within the United States . However, members who purchase United Club membership are eligible for entry into all Star Alliance member lounges, including Lufthansa's Senator Lounge and Air Canada's Maple Leaf Lounge. As of 2014, with the departure of US Airways from the Star Alliance into the Oneworld Alliance, Star Alliance Gold members may no longer use the US Airways Club.
United Clubs feature complimentary beverages, breakfast and afternoon snacks. They also feature complimentary Wi-Fi, power outlets, newspapers and magazines.
On October 1, 2011, United Airlines phased out the former "Red Carpet Club" name, as well as Continental's "Presidents Club". Previously, lifetime memberships were available for purchase from the Presidents Club. This option is no longer available for the United Club. United however has accepted all Continental Presidents Club Lifetime members and converted them to United Club Lifetime members; however, new lifetime memberships are not available.
United Club Locations.
For the most up-to-date locations and amenities listing see the related United.com web page.
United Global First Lounges & Locations.
United also maintains United Global First Lounges in seven locations worldwide to accommodate Global First customers. The Global First Lounges feature complimentary food and alcoholic beverages and offer more privacy than the United Club as the access rules are significantly more restrictive than for United Club. Access to Global First Lounges is generally restricted to United Global First passengers, Star Alliance First Class customers, and Global Services passengers confirmed in Business Class.
The seven Global First Lounges are located at United's hubs in Washington-Dulles, Chicago-O'Hare, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Tokyo-Narita in addition to New York-JFK and Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="30938088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938088" title="Escobaria minima">
Escobaria minima

Escobaria minima (syn. "Coryphantha minima") is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Nellie cory cactus, Nellie's pincushion cactus, birdfoot cactus, and others. It is a very popular species among cactus collectors. This is one reason why it is a highly endangered species in the wild today. This cactus is found only in Brewster County, Texas, in the United States, where there are three populations remaining near Marathon. The cactus is limited to one outcrop in the Marathon Uplift, where it grows in rocky novaculite soils. It was added to the endangered species list in 1979.
The cactus' stem is mostly beneath the soil surface with the above ground portion a spiny spherical or columnar body no more than 3 centimeters long. It can become larger in cultivation. The longest spines are about half a centimeter long. They are flattened in shape and the tips are not needle-sharp but slightly more rounded. In color they may be tinged tan, yellow, gray, or pink, and sometimes the tips are darker. The flower is roughly 1.5 centimeters long and bright pink to magenta or rose-purple in color. It may be larger than the cactus body itself. The green or yellowish fruit is no more than 6 millimeters long.
The cactus' natural habitat is the Chihuahuan desert scrub, where it grows in mats of "Selaginella" in rock crevices. It occurs in association with "Echinocereus viridiflorus" var. "davisii", another cactus variety on the endangered species list.
This cactus is tiny, interesting, and attractive, and it is a favorite of cactus hobbyists. Collectors have long visited the small patch of land where the cactus occurs. Much of this land is privately owned and not open to surveys or visitors, and the exact abundance of the cactus is not known. The cactus was once found on a ranch in the area, but the owner of the ranch allowed cactus collectors to scour the land for specimens and this species was extirpated from the site. It has also been eliminated from easy-to-reach highway margins where it used to grow.
The plant is propagated by growers today.

</doc>
<doc id="30938090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938090" title="Jeffrey W. Oster">
Jeffrey W. Oster

Jeffrey W. Oster is a retired Lieutenant General in the United States Marine Corps.
Career.
Assignments Oster was given during his career include serving as Deputy Commandant for Programs and Resources at Headquarters Marine Corps. His retirement was effective as of October 31, 1998. 
Since retiring, Oster has worked as a consultant specializing in defensive matters. In 2004 he served as Deputy Administrator and Chief Operating Officer of the Coalition Provisional Authority.
Awards and decorations.
During his military career he was awarded: the Navy Distinguished Service Medal, the Defense Superior Service Medal with Oak Leaf Cluster; Legion of Merit; the Meritorious Service Medal; Navy Achievement Medal; and the Combat Action Ribbon.

</doc>
<doc id="30938104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938104" title="Sunsum">
Sunsum

Among the Akan people the Sunsum is one's Spirit. The Sunsum is what connects the body (honam) to the soul (Kra). The Sunsum can be transmitted in a variety of ways, including from father to son during conception. This power is used to protect the carriers of this spirit. When a man dies, the Sunsum returns to the metaphorical house of the father in wait to be reincarnated in the next son born of the men of that family.
Another form of Sunsum is the spiritual power that the Akan believe allows the possessors to practice witchcraft. This is called Sunsum fee, or "dirty spirit". Unlike the genetic Sunsum discussed before, this is a power that is willing passed down, often by grandparents to grandchildren they feel deserve the power to wield such magic. In this manner, the Sunsum can remain alive and well through a lineage. As males possess a natural Sunsum, if they gain a Sunsum fee they are twice as spiritually powerful as a woman who only has witchcraft. Despite this, it is common belief that most witches are female among the Akan, and they are believed to be so powerful that they can kill infants simply by hearing them cry.

</doc>
<doc id="30938114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938114" title="Taung, Lesotho">
Taung, Lesotho

Taung is a village in Lesotho, Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="30938120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938120" title="Global Unichip Corporation">
Global Unichip Corporation

Global Unichip Corporation or GUC is a worldwide fabless ASIC design service company, with its headquarters located in the Hsinchu Science Park in Hsinchu, Taiwan.
Overview.
Founded in 1998, GUC is a dedicated SoC (System On Chip) Design Foundry based in Taiwan.
TSMC invested GUC in 2003 and became the largest shareholder.

</doc>
<doc id="30938121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938121" title="Covert Coup">
Covert Coup

Covert Coup is the collaboration studio album by rapper Curren$y and producer The Alchemist. The album featured guest appearances from rappers Prodigy of Mobb Deep, Freddie Gibbs, Smoke DZA and Fiend and contains 10 songs. "Covert Coup" was created as a retail EP. Later, the artists decided to release it as a free digital album. It was still treated as a mixtape, however, since it was given away for free. On April 7, 2011, the first single from "Covert Coup" titled "Ventilation" was leaked onto the internet. "Full Metal" was leaked on April 12. On April 15, the third single entitled "Scottie Pippen" featuring Freddie Gibbs, was leaked. The album was released by Curren$y on April 20, 2011 via his Twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="30938128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938128" title="David Elliot (footballer)">
David Elliot (footballer)

David Elliot (born 13 November 1969 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Celtic, Partick Thistle, St. Mirren, Falkirk and Hibernian.
Early in his career, Elliot was a pacy winger who could also score goals. He gained his football education at Celtic Boys Club where he was coached by Celtic legends Davie Provan, Bobby Murdoch and Jimmy Johnstone after which he signed for his boyhood heroes in 1987. He managed 6 first team appearances in 1988-89 season, making his debut at the age of just 19 years old.
Elliot then moved to Partick Thistle where he finished top scorer in season 1990–91, scoring 13 times in his 37 league appearances. He was also voted by his fellow professionals as their Player of the Year and nominated as 1st Division Player of the Year that season. He then moved on to St. Mirren along with his good friend Chic Charnley where he played in a more attacking full back role before moving to Falkirk and then Hibernian.
Recurring injury problems caught up with Elliot later in his career limiting his appearances but he returned to Partick Thistle before retiring to join Strathclyde Police force. He still makes appearances for Celtic Legends.

</doc>
<doc id="30938130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938130" title="1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 1500 metres">
1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 1500 metres

These are the results of the Women's 1500 metres event at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics in Athens, Greece.
Results.
Heats.
First 6 of each Heat (Q) and the next 6 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 5 of each Heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30938137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938137" title="James M. Feigley">
James M. Feigley

James M. Feigley is a retired Brigadier General in the United States Marine Corps.
Career.
Feigley joined the Marine Corps in 1972. Assignments he was given include serving as Project Manager for Headquarters Marine Corps and the Naval Sea Systems Command and Commander of the Marine Corps Systems Command. He retired in 2002.
Awards and decorations.
During his military career he was among others awarded: Legion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal with gold star, and Navy Achievement Medal with gold star.

</doc>
<doc id="30938155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938155" title="Laura Sánchez">
Laura Sánchez

Laura Sánchez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30938173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938173" title="Ate-u-tiv">
Ate-u-tiv

Ate-u-Tiv (sometimes written as "Ate u Tiv" and less popularly known as "Tsun") is a traditional architectural masterpiece of the Tiv People of the Middle-belt Region of Nigeria in West Africa.
The word "Atē" stands for the round, open hut; while "Átē-ŭ-Tiv" attributes it to the Tiv people. The Ate-u-Tiv serves as a relaxation and reception point for "vanya" (guests) and allows "mbamaren, ônov man angbianev" (family members) to "tema imiôngo" (chat), sharing ideas and telling stories. The "Orya" (family head) receives guests and attend to family issues (discussions) from the "Ate".
To construct a traditional Ate-u-Tiv, you will require a minimum of six poles called "mtôm" which are y-shaped at the top; these serve as the pillars. The total number of poles required will however depend on the diameter of the Ate to be constructed. These are erected upright into the ground in a circle with equal spacing between poles. Next is "ukyaver" which comprise stems of slim climbing plants. These are used in constructing a sort of lintel to hold the roof.
The roof of an "Ate-u-Tiv" comprise "ihyange" (paulins) and "ihila" (grass). The ihyange are woven together in a cone-shape with ukyaver holding together the rafters. The completed structure is then hoisted unto the pillars/lintel with the coned-top upright. Ihila, having been woven together, is then used to provide a thick-layered roofing. This roof filters incoming air making it cool and clean and at the same time stopping the rains.
The Tiv people are well known for their hospitality and the "Ate-u-Tiv" is an important component of this hospitality. In order to readily receive visitors, each compound builds an "Ate" which is furnished with chairs made from wood, canes, etc. In modern days, the components of the "Ate" may vary. Some roofs are now a combination of iron roofing sheets covered by grass that may not necessarily be "ihila"; paulins are regularly made of plywood, etc. The "Ate" design now adorns public places such as hotel gardens, public amusement parks, zoos, museums, etc. New usage of the term "Ate-u-Tiv" may refer to a meeting place, social network or forum. 
Like Tiv music, modernization has not changed Tiv architecture, particularly the design and usage of the "Ate-u-Tiv". Ate-u-Tiv has remained a symbol of Tiv hospitality.

</doc>
<doc id="30938180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938180" title="2011 Malaysia FA Cup">
2011 Malaysia FA Cup

The 2011 Malaysia FA Cup, also known as "Astro Malaysia FA Cup" due to the competition's sponsorship by Astro Arena, is the 22nd season of the Malaysia FA Cup, a knockout competition for Malaysia's state football association and clubs.
Negeri Sembilan FA are the current defending champions.
The cup winner were guaranteed a place in the 2012 AFC Cup.
Format.
The FA Cup competition has reverted to the old format of play with no more open draws. It will be involve 30 teams — 16 Super League and 14 Premier League sides — with defending league champions Selangor FA, defending cup winners Negeri Sembilan FA and runner's up Kedah FA receiving byes in the first round.
For the 2011 year edition, In the first round and the second league will only play one legged match instead playing a two legged match unlike the previous edition.
The winner of the 2011 edition will qualify to the 2012 AFC Cup.
FA Cup Matches.
Quarter-Finals.
The first leg matches will be played on 9 March 2010, with the second legs to be held on 20 March 2010.
Semi-Finals.
The first leg matches will be played on 30 March 2010, with the second legs to be held on 3 April 2010.
Final.
The final was played at National Stadium, Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur, on Saturday, 11 June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30938209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938209" title="Frank McGuire (politician)">
Frank McGuire (politician)

Frank McGuire (born 16 June 1957) is an Australian politician representing the Victorian Legislative Assembly seat of Broadmeadows for the Australian Labor Party since the 2011 Broadmeadows by-election. McGuire was a journalist, political adviser and business consultant prior to entering politics.
Journalism.
Prior to becoming a politician, McGuire was a respected journalist and the winner of two 
Walkley Awards for excellence in journalism. The first was in 1993, when he won the investigative report award for a segment called 'Deadly Force' that screened on ABC TV's "Four Corners" program in May 1992. In 2007, he won with fellow journalist Adam Shand, for a report on Nine Network's "Sunday" program, called "Force within a force" which was about alleged police corruption.
McGuire's experience includes being a news reporter at the Melbourne "Herald" (1976–1984); reporter/producer/deputy chief-of-staff on "Ten News" (1986–1990). He was also a current affairs investigative and political reporter on "The 7.30 Report" (1990–91) and on Four Corners (1992–93).
Local government taskforce.
In 1999, McGuire was the founding Chairman of the City of Hume's "Hume Safe City Taskforce," and served until 2004. He accepted the position pro bono on the condition he was given sufficient independence to establish the Global Learning Village – a model that coordinated Local, State and Federal governments, business, community groups and academic institutions, to deliver better results for communities. 
Political career.
Following his election on 18 February 2011, McGuire has progressed and since February 2012, he has been the Parliamentary Secretary, Opposition Scrutiny of Government. He is also a member of the Family and Community Development (Deputy Chair) and Economic Development, Infrastructure and Outer Suburban/Interface Services committees.
Personal life.
McGuire lives in the Melbourne suburb of Brighton, but was brought up in Broadmeadows. Unlike his brother, media personality and Collingwood Football Club president, Eddie McGuire, Frank McGuire is a keen follower of AFL football team, Essendon. McGuire has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="30938210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938210" title="Castel/van Damme Quartet">
Castel/van Damme Quartet

The Castel/van Damme Quartet is a Dutch jazz quartet founded at the end of 2009 by Thierry Castel and Jasper van Damme.
In 2010 they won the Dutch Jazz Competition during the North Sea Jazz Festival and later the Vlaardingen Jazz Concours. In 2011 they released their first album, "Argentinian Freakshows".

</doc>
<doc id="30938221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938221" title="Vechernyaya Moskva">
Vechernyaya Moskva

Vechernyaya Moskva (, literally "Evening Moscow") is a Russian local daily newspaper published in Moscow since 6 December 1923 daily (except Saturday and Sunday). This is the oldest evening newspaper in Russia, one of the most popular in Moscow. Every evening it tells readers about the major world and Moscow events of the day. It offers all-around information about city life and easy language style at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="30938225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938225" title="Bert Harrold">
Bert Harrold

Hubert Walton "Bert" Harrold (9 March 1898 – 14 April 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played with East Perth in the West Australian Football League (WAFL). 
Harrold, a member of four East Perth premiership teams, was a half-forward flanker in the club's 1920, 1921 and 1922 grand final wins. He was a wingman in the 1923 premiership side, captained by his brother Vern. A Western Australian interstate representative, he made four appearances in the 1924 Hobart Carnival. He played for his state on one further occasion and kicked eight goals in total from his five matches. When a "Team of the Century" was named in 2006, based on the period 1906 to 1944, Harrold was named on a half forward flank.
He was also a good enough cricketer to represent Western Australia in a first-class fixture during the 1925/26 cricket season, against a Herbie Collins-led Australian XI at the WACA. He was the last person to bat in the first innings but contributed an unbeaten 21. A right-arm fast bowler, he then took 2/89 from 21 overs with the ball, taking the wickets of both openers, the Australian XI captain and Jack Ryder. When Harrold batted the second time, Ryder trapped him leg before wicket without scoring, to give his side victory by an innings and 45 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="30938230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938230" title="Laurence Picken">
Laurence Picken

Laurence Ernest Rowland Picken (16 July 1909 – 16 March 2007) was an ethnomusicologist and scientist.
Laurence Picken was born in Nottingham. In 1928 he won a scholarship to study at Trinity College, Cambridge. His PhD, in 1935, was in zoology, and in 1944 he became a Fellow at Jesus College. Between 1946 and 1966 he was assistant director of research in zoology at the university. From 1944 he also started to research in traditional Chinese music, and his many publications show his broad ethnomusicological interests (also in instrument studies and of music in Turkey).
Between 1966 and 1976 he was assistant director at the Faculty of Oriental Studies at Cambridge University. He was elected to a high number of academic positions, amongst them are: Fellow of the British Academy (1973) and Docteur Honoris Causa of the Université de Paris X, Nanterre (1988).
Two Festschriften, commemorating his 60th and 70th birthday, indicate his esteem amongst scholars. Some of his papers and his library can be found at the Cambridge University Library.
According to an obituary in The Times Picken was 'accomplished to such a degree that few even in the university could appreciate the range of his achievements in fields that were united in him as in no one else.' 

</doc>
<doc id="30938251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938251" title="Pazl">
Pazl

Pazl (Greek: "Παζλ", ; English: "Puzzle") is the 17th studio album by Greek recording artist Katy Garbi and 18th album overall. The album was first released on 18 February 2011 via a promotional campaign with Greek news website 'in.gr'. The campaign included a free limited-time digital download of the entire album and a contest for a dinner with Garbi. On 28 March 2011, the album was commercially released under Garbi's new signing with Universal Music Greece.
The album is entirely composed by Nikos Antipas, extending her collaboration with him which began on her previous album "Kainourgia Ego". The majority of the lyrics are credited to the well-known lyricist with the alias GML, with the exception of two songs, "Sti Fotia Rikse Hrysafi" and "Oi Skepseis", written by famous Greek poet Manos Eleftheriou and Vicki Gerothodorou, respectively.
Background.
On 3 November 2009, Garbi released the single "Iheia" and announced a planned re-release of the album "Kainourgia Ego" which would feature three added songs and a remix. However as the production was underway, the re-release idea was abandoned, and on 9 February 2010, Garbi announced intentions of releasing an all new album instead. Later that year, Garbi left her longtime label Sony Music Greece and signed with Universal Music Greece.
Release and promotion.
"Pazl" was given a limited released on 19 February 2011 as a free digital download under a promotional campaign with Greek news website "in.gr". A contest was also held with the prize being a dinner with Garbi.
Under Garbi's new signing with Universal Music Greece, the album subsequently received a permanent release on 28 March 2011 via conventional physical and digital sales outlets. The release debuted on Greece's Top 75 Combined Albums chart at number eleven, and has since peaked at number 8. Garbi also announced the labels' intention to distribute the CD as a covermount.
Singles.
The following singles were officially released to radio stations. Additional songs such as, "Ego" and "Psemata", despite not having been released as singles, managed to gain radio airplay.
"Ta Iheia"
"Oi Skepseis"
"Geia Sou (Pazl)"
Charts.
"Pazl" debuted on the Top 75 Combined album charts at number eleven. The album has since peaked at number 8 during its fifth week on the charts. The album made a re-entry in its 12th week at number 42 on the Top 75 Combined album charts.

</doc>
<doc id="30938256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938256" title="ISIRI 6702">
ISIRI 6702

ISIRI 6702 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) based on ISO 7116, and defines measurements of mopeds' maximum speed.
Other sources that were used in this standard are ISO 6726 and ISIRI 4351.

</doc>
<doc id="30938259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938259" title="Light On (album)">
Light On (album)

Light On is a jazz album by trumpeter-composer Tom Harrell released in 2007 through HighNote Records. The album features his current quintet which includes Wayne Escoffery on tenor sax, Danny Grissett on piano and Fender Rhodes, Ugonna Okegwo on bass, and Johnathan Blake on drums.
Reception.
American jazz commentator Scott Yanow in his review of the album for Allmusic wrote that "Light On" is "a superior set of modern jazz". In 2007, the album topped the U.S. jazz radio chart, and received a SESAC jazz award in the following year. 

</doc>
<doc id="30938265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938265" title="Gare de Roqueserière-Buzet">
Gare de Roqueserière-Buzet

Roqueserière-Buzet is a railway station in Midi-Pyrénées, France. It is situated on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Roqueserière-Buzet:
The station is served by 2 trains per day to Toulouse and 1 return journey.

</doc>
<doc id="30938266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938266" title="Glur2 RNA editing">
Glur2 RNA editing

In genetics, the GRIA 2 gene is located on chromosome 4q32-q33. The gene product is the ionotropic AMPA glutamate receptor 2 ( also known as Glur2 or GlurB). The protein belongs to a family of ligand-activated glutamate receptors that are sensitive to alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionate (AMPA). Glutamate receptors function as the main excitatory neurotransmitter at many synapses in the central nervous system. L-glutamate, an excitatory neurotransmitter binds to the receptor resulting in a conformational change. This leads to the opening of the channel converting the chemical signal to an electrical impulse. AMPARs are composed of four types of subunits, designated as GluR1 (GRIA1), GluR2 (GRIA2), GluR3 (GRIA3), and GluR4(GRIA4)which combine to form tetramers. They are usually heterotrimeric but can be homodimeric. Each AMPAR has four sites to which an agonist (such as glutamate) can bind, one for each subunit.
RNA editing.
Editing type.
The type of editing A to I editing. Adenosine deaminases acting on RNA ( ADARs) are the RNA editing enzymes involved in the editing of GRIA2 pre-mRNA.ADARs deaminate adenosine bases to inosine bases in a site specific manner in double-stranded RNA substrates (dsRNA). ADA2 has been proven experimentally to be the editing enzyme.
Editing site.
The pre-mRNA of GRIA2 is modified at amino acid 607 found in the second transmembrane domain of the receptor subunit.
Editing regulation.
Editing occurs in 100% of transcripts from human brain but editing levels are less so in other tissues.Deletion analysis determined that editing requires 5' portion inton B. The predicted minimum fragment required for editing to occur contains inverted repeat structure separated by 120 nucleotides. The inverted repeat contains 3 double stranded elements of 22-23 base pairs with distortion after 15-17 base pairs with mismatched pairs in helical structure 1 and 3 and a bulge in helical structure 2.
Effects of Rna editing.
Protein structure.
The genomically encoded GluR2 subunit has a Gln (CAG) at the editing site position. Editing of the pre-mRNA results in an Arg (CGG) being encoded at this position.
Protein function.
Changes in ca2= permeability.
Thiamine (Vitamin B1) deficiency.
Deficiency of this vitamin has been shown to cause alterations in editing of Glur2 pre-mRNA.Thiamine deficiency leads to mild impairment of oxidative metabolism and region delective neuronal loss in the central nervous system. An increase in intracellular calcium has been experimentally observed in cultured cortical neurons as a result of lack of thiamine. Deficiency also inhibits editing of the Q/R site of Glur2 thereby increasing the level of unedited Glur2 resulting in increased calcium permeability of glur 2 containing channels.

</doc>
<doc id="30938268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938268" title="Gudarra, Western Australia">
Gudarra, Western Australia

Gudarra is an abandoned town in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. It is situated between Kalgoorlie and Menzies off the Goldfields Highway.
Gold was initially discovered in the area in 1892, with the place first called the Sore Foot Rush, as a result of the limping prospectors who arrived on news of the discovery. The name of the town was later changed to Paddington and gazetted using that name on 4 February 1897. By 1911 the Commonwealth government was attempting to remove duplicated town names so the town was renamed and regazetted in 1912 as Gudarra. The town's name is Aboriginal in origin and its meaning is not known.
Deep leads were found in 1894, 1898 and 1901 and some of the mines that existed in the area were "Paddington Consuls","Mt Corlic", "Star of WA" and "Pakeha". The "Paddington Consuls" mine was by far the largest and employed over 400 men at its peak until it went into liquidation in 1901. The town had its own municipality until 1901 and was eventually amalgamated with Broad Arrow in 1903. 
A church was built in 1898 and the town boasted six hotels in 1898 with only one remaining by 1910. 
A police station and court were established in town in 1899 with the lock up possibly having come from Black Flag, the police quarters were delivered from Black Flag in 1900 with the stables being brought from Broad Arrow in 1901. The station was later closed in 1910 with the detective office being moved to Boulder in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="30938286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938286" title="Gare de Montastruc-la-Conseillère">
Gare de Montastruc-la-Conseillère

Montastruc-la-Conseillère is a railway station in Montastruc-la-Conseillère, Midi-Pyrénées, France. It is situated on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Montastruc-la-Conseillère:

</doc>
<doc id="30938297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938297" title="Harald Winter">
Harald Winter

Harald Winter, born in 1953, is a native of Herrsching-am-Ammersee west of Munich, Bavaria. He works in the fields of drawing, painting, sculpture and performance.
Life.
After his Abitur, the final secondary school examinations in 1973, he entered the Nuremberg Academy of Arts (“Akademie der Bildenden Künste Nürnberg”) and completed his studies in 1978. He lives in the countryside near Nuremberg, Germany, and has a secondary residence in Berlin and Castellabate, Italy.
His picture "Neun Leute aus der Provinz/ Countryfolk" (oil on canvas, 350 cm/200 cm, 1981) was attracting a first attention during the presentation in Munich, Haus der Kunst, Kunstsalon in 1982.
Initiated by the Italian Consulate General of Geneva and the Italian Embassy, a large exhibition of his works was opened at the United Nations Palais des Nations in Geneva, Switzerland, in January 2010.
In the year 2011 he is presented with an award for culture. (Forchheimer Kulturpreis 2011)
Works.
actual size: 75 cm/54 cm, collection Colella
actual size: 54/37 cm, collection Colella
actual size: 420/210 cm, collection Dr. Hawranek
Castellabate Project.
The Castellabate project is a continuing project without any commercial aspect; the pictures are not in trade. In this portrait the artist tries to unveil also the changes. 15 years ago in 1998 the project started. A first interim report was shown in 2001 at Naples, Goethe Institut, supported by the Institut für Auslandsbeziehungen, a second show in 2007 at the 
Castello of Castellabate
, supported by the German Consulate of Napels. This idea was the reason for the United Nations to present the show "Le petit tour" (2010).
"""The images here capture the daily lives of fellow human beings. We can all relate to these everyday situations, regardless of our background and culture". 
These particularities of the Italian way of life, interpreted by a German artist, show us that in the fundamental aspects of our existence, we are all connected as the human family.
When we embrace our differences, we also see our similarities. 
As we now start a new decade, this exhibition is a most timely call for continued dialogue to strengthen tolerance and trust that is the necessary foundation for overcoming 
those challenges through collective efforts.""
'"Opening remarks by Mr. Sergei A. Ordzhonikidze
United Nations Under-Secretary-General
Director-General of the United Nations Office at Geneva, 11 January 2010"'
Reviews:
il giornale italiano, pagina 5
il giornale del cilento:
Fränkischer Tag: 
Nordbayrische Nachrichten:
topsy-turvy.
Layered in both their physical style and the subject matter they address, Harald Winter’s works are amalgamations of fragmented ideas and free thoughts, overlapping each other, building layers of meaning. At first glace they may seem playful, yet on closer inspection of the individual works, they are witty and incisive, somewhat reflecting the darker undercurrents of the times, even touching upon current affairs and politics.
Review:
http://www.allinlondon.co.uk/whats-on.php?event=35117
Art works on public display!
A slideshow entitled “If you would please look to the left!” serves to explore how and in what way exiting from a museum or gallery would affect the work and the viewer. The 30-minute slideshow is accompanied by sound-effects but no further explanation and comprises 62 works which are projected at suitable locations adjacent to the museum or gallery but not necessarily owned by it.
time fountain.
granite, stainless steel, water/ Forchheim, Germany 2002
Inside the forecourt of Forchheim's train station you will find the “time fountain”, designed by Harald Winter. In a sense, the artist has created an “architectural clock” fueled by the element of water, which, as it progresses, provides the waiting traveler with an opportunity to ponder the concept of time, as well as check the time of day. The physical structure itself features a slightly curved semicircle of twelve square granite columns, the height of each increasing with the passing hours of the day. The water flowing out of each of the hour stones represents the time that has already elapsed. By adding a jet of water every five minutes a more exact reading of this clock is made possible. After a cycle of twelve jet fountains has been completed, water will start flowing out of the next column thus marking the passing of yet another hour.
On behalf of the Folk Society of Forchheim, the fountain was officially donated to the town of Forchheim by Dr. Dieter George in March 2003.
Memorial to Wilhelm Kleemann.
In 2013 the artist was commissioned to design a memorial to the Jewish banker Dr.Wilhelm Kleeman, who was born in Forchheim in 1869. Kleemann lived in Berlin until 1933, where one of the offices he held was as the chairman of the Jewish community there. In 1940 he emigrated to New York.
Winter has created an interactive memorial that can be walked on in Kleemann’s native town, by setting a 5.5 meter long band of granite with inlaid letters of stainless steel into the pavement of Wilhelm-Kleemann Weg. In addition, a QR code engraved into a stele provides access to a website dedicated to Kleemann’s life: 
Performance.
"Katharina läuft durchs Haus", Pfalzmuseum 2005, Forchheim
"Satzbaulust", Pfalzmuseum 2006, Forchheim
"MaxMoritzProjekt", Pfalzmuseum, 2008, Forchheim
"money", Red Gate Gallery, 2009, London
link.
ARTE

</doc>
<doc id="30938303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938303" title="Ron Hickman">
Ron Hickman

Ronald Price Hickman OBE (21 October 1932 – 17 February 2011) was a South African-born, Jersey-based car designer and inventor who designed the original Lotus Elan, the Lotus Elan +2 and the Lotus Europa, as well as the Black & Decker Workmate.
Biography.
Hickman was born in Greytown, Natal, South Africa, where he worked as a courthouse clerk after leaving high school. He moved to London in the 1950s where he was employed by a music publisher.
In the 1960s Hickman worked for the Ford Motor Company at Dagenham as a stylist. He became the director of Lotus Engineering in the 1960s, designing the first Lotus Europa as part of Lotus's GT40 project bid.
Hickman invented the wood-and-steel foldable Workmate bench when he damaged a chair that he was using to steady a piece of wood that he was sawing when making a wardrobe. His offer of a licence for the product he developed was rejected by several companies who could not see a large market for it, so Hickman sold the benches himself to professional builders at trade shows until Black & Decker saw the light in 1973 and began producing them. By 1981 it had sold 10 million benches. More than 30 million of the benches have now been sold, and Hickman has defended his patent numerous times against manufacturers attempting to copy it.
In 1977 he moved to Saint Brélade, Jersey, where he had a design factory and belonged to the Jersey Old Motor Club. He died at the age of 78 in hospital on the island after a five-month long illness caused by a serious fall.

</doc>
<doc id="30938305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938305" title="Gare de Gragnague">
Gare de Gragnague

Gragnague is a railway station in Garidech and near Gragnague, Midi-Pyrénées, France. It is situated on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Gragnague:

</doc>
<doc id="30938306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938306" title="List of People's Century interviewees">
List of People's Century interviewees

The 1995 BBC/PBS documentary "People's Century" interviewed over one hundred persons who witnessed key events during the 20th century, including several centenarians who could recall the First World War and even earlier. Most interviewees were not well known, but may be physically recognisable from a famous photograph or image. Below are listed by nationality those persons who were interviewed, along with their occupation(s) they were noted for, and the episode(s) in which they were featured.

</doc>
<doc id="30938314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938314" title="ISIRI 6703">
ISIRI 6703

ISIRI 6703 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) based on ISO 8709, and defines test and measurement methods of mopeds' brakes and braking devices.
Other sources that were used in this standard are ISIRI 4351, ISO 3779, ISO 6726, ISO 7117 and ISO 9132.

</doc>
<doc id="30938318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938318" title="Gare de Montrabé">
Gare de Montrabé

Montrabé is a railway station in Montrabé, Midi-Pyrénées, France. It is situated on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Montrabé:

</doc>
<doc id="30938319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938319" title="Saint-Michel-de-Maurienne derailment">
Saint-Michel-de-Maurienne derailment

The Saint-Michel-de-Maurienne derailment of December 12, 1917 was a railway accident that occurred involving a train carrying at least 1,000 French soldiers on their way back from the Italian front. The derailment occurred as the train descended the Maurienne valley rail line and caused a catastrophic crash and fire in which approximately 700 died. As a result, it is France's deadliest rail accident. The accident occurred on the Culoz–Modane railway line, part of the "Fréjus Railway".
During World War I there was a shortage of locomotives able to run in the area, so the decision was made to couple two trains, consisting of nineteen coaches carrying the troops, to a single 4-6-0 engine. Of those coaches, only the first three had air brakes, the remaining coaches had only hand brakes or no brakes at all. The driver initially refused to drive the engine of such an overloaded train, which was now four times the safety limit for the engine, but he was threatened with military discipline and the train journey proceeded.
On leaving Modane, the train descended into a valley; the driver applied the brakes without effect, owing to the heavy load. After continuing with excessive speed into the valley for nearly at speeds of up to , the first coach derailed at Saint-Michel-de-Maurienne, causing a pile-up that resulted in a fire. Because of the fire and impact, only 425 of some 700 troops killed could be identified.
Background of the accident.
On the night of December 12 to December 13, 1917, military train 612 was returning from Italy filled with French soldiers who had spent a month helping Italian troops recapture ground lost during the October 24 Battle of Caporetto. After passing through the Mont Cenis Tunnel the train reached Modane station, where two additional cars were coupled to the train. The train was to take the French soldiers to Chambéry. There they were leave to join their families throughout France for 15 days of leave covering the year-end holidays. The train stopped at Modane for 1 hour to allow other trains to pass. Most of the officers left the train during this stop, to take the Modane-Paris express.
The train had 19 cars of Italian construction: two baggage vans at the front and rear of the train, 15 cars with bogies, and two fixed-axle cars added at Modane, giving a total length of 350 metres and total weight of 526 tonnes. By official count it was carrying 982 enlisted men. The cars were of wooden construction with metal chassis.
The train departed from Modane station at 11:15 pm. The downhill descent started normally, but from Freney onwards, a short distance from Modane, the train started going at excessive speed and its speed kept increasing. The train became uncontrollable, going at 135 km/h (84 mph) as measured by the locomotive’s speed indicator. Lacking sufficient braking for the steep downgrade of 3.3 percent, it derailed shortly before the Saint Michel de Maurienne station while going at 102 km/h (60 mph) and its cars caught fire as they telescoped into one another. The authorized speed for the section of the line was 40 km/h (25 mph).
The train was almost certainly carrying more than the officially recorded number of soldiers, and was overloaded for operation on the steep grade of 3.3 percent between Modane (elevation 1040 metres) and Saint Michel de Maurienne (elevation 710 metres). It had too many cars relative to the braking power of the locomotive. Such a train should have had two locomotives. However, the second locomotive assigned to the train had been requisitioned for a munitions train by the officer in charge of dispatching. The driver (engineer), adjudant Girard, who knew the route well had refused to let the train depart on account of the risks involved, but acquiesced after being threatened with reprisals by the commanding officer for rail traffic, Captain Fayolle. The compressed-air brakes worked on only the first three cars of the train, and seven brakemen (two of whom died in the accident) had been distributed throughout the train, to set the brakes when signalled to do so by the locomotive whistle.
The accident.
The first car derailed while going at 102 km/h (60 mph) where the authorized speed was 40 km/h (25 mph), and its coupler broke only 1,300 metres from Saint Michel de Maurienne station shortly after crossing the metal highway bridge at Saussaz, over the river Arc. The wooden cars smashed into one another and promptly caught fire, triggered by candles which had been lit to provide light in the Italian cars, whose electric lighting was not working. The fire was also fed by grenades and other explosives carried unauthorized by the soldiers going on leave. The fire did not burn out until the evening of the following day. The wrecked cars were also at a point where the railway line passed through a gap in the mountain terrain, leaving little room for heat from the fire to escape. 
The driver (engineer) of the locomotive had been too preoccupied with his inadequate brakes to notice the absence of the cars until he reached the station at Saint Jean de Maurienne, where he finally succeeded in stopping his locomotive and its tender. Together with some Scottish soldiers waiting to depart for Modane (two British divisions had also been sent to the Italian front in October) and railway employees from both stations, he left immediately for the accident site to try to bring assistance. Their task was made difficult by the rocky terrain where the wrecked cars lay, by heat from the fires, and by the height of the piled-up wreckage. It should be noted that the station master at La Praz, seeing the train passing at a dangerous speed, had notified the station master of the next station, Saint Jean de Maurienne, who held the departure of a train full of British soldiers. He thereby prevented another catastrophe.
Fatalities.
Both the military hospital at Saint Jean de Maurienne and the Bozon Verduraz edible pâté factory near the site of the accident were transformed into emergency assistance centers and mortuaries for victims of the accident.
More than 424 corpses were retrieved from the wreckage and officially identified. A further 135 corpses could not be identified. 37 more bodies were found along the ballast of the railway or along the right-of-way, between La Praz and the metal bridge, belonging to soldiers who had jumped off the out-of-control train, or had been thrown off as it tossed wildly. They were interred in a communal grave next to the cemetery.
Only 183 men who had been on the train reported for roll-call on the morning of December 13. More than 100 others either died in hospitals in the region, or while being transported to them during the next 15 days. Thus the number of fatalities was approximately 700.
After the accident; investigation.
The accident remained a classified military secret for many years. At the time, the French military enforced silence on the French press, which reported little or nothing about the accident. The daily 'Le Figaro' devoted 21 lines to the accident on December 17, four days after the accident.
A court-martial was called to try six employees of the PLM (Paris – Lyon – Mediterranée) railway. They were acquitted. 
In June 1923 the Minister of Defense, André Maginot, inaugurated a monument to the victims in the cemetery of Saint Michel de Maurienne. In 1961 the remains of the victims were transferred to the national military cemetery of Lyon-La Doua. On December 12, 1998, a monument was inaugurated at the La Saussaz site, near the place of the accident.
The accident remains the greatest rail catastrophe in French history. It is also the most tragic memory of World War I (1914 – 1918) in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="30938329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938329" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Albania by name">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Albania by name

The Roman Catholic Church in Albania is composed of two ecclesiastical provinces, three suffragan dioceses and an apostolic administration.

</doc>
<doc id="30938342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938342" title="Japanese Indian">
Japanese Indian

Indian Japanese or Japanese Indian may be:

</doc>
<doc id="30938414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938414" title="Non-human">
Non-human

Non-human (also written nonhuman) is any object or creature that displays some human characteristics but not enough characteristics to be considered a human. The term has been used in a variety of contexts.
Animal rights and personhood.
In the animal rights movement, it is common to distinguish between "human animals" and "non-human animals". Participants in the animal rights movement generally recognize that non-human animals have some similar characteristics to those of human persons. For example, various non-human animals have been shown to register pain, compassion, memory, and some cognitive function. Some animal rights activists argue that the similarities between human and non-human animals justify giving non-human animals rights that human society has afforded to humans, such as the right to self-preservation, and some even wish for all non-human animals or at least those that bear a fully thinking and conscious mind, such as vertebrates and some invertebrates such as cephalopods, to be given a full right of personhood.
Artificial intelligence.
The term non-human has been used to describe computer programs and robot-like devices that display some human-like characteristics. In both science fiction and in the real world, computer programs and robots have been built to perform tasks that require human-computer interactions in a manner that suggests sentience and compassion. There is increasing interest in the use of robots in nursing homes and to provide elder care. Computer programs have been used for years in schools to provide one-on-one education with children. The Tamagotchi toy required children to provide care, attention, and nourishment to keep it "alive".

</doc>
<doc id="30938417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938417" title="ISIRI 8317">
ISIRI 8317

ISIRI 8317 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in January 2006 based on Directive 93/34/EEC and Directive 99/25/EC. It defines statutory markings for two or three wheel motor vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="30938420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938420" title="List of TGV services">
List of TGV services

This is an index for the TGV services in France operated by the SNCF. The TGV ("Train à Grande Vitesse") is a high-speed rail service, which started operation in 1981.
Services.
TGV Ouigo.
Ouigo is SNCF's low cost high-speed train service. They operate services from Marne-la-Vallee (Eastern Paris/Disneyland) to southern France.

</doc>
<doc id="30938427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938427" title="The Beginning (concerts)">
The Beginning (concerts)

The Beginning was a series of concerts by American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas, in support of the group's eponymous sixth studio album (2010).
Set list.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="30938432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938432" title="Tom Harrell Quintet">
Tom Harrell Quintet

Trumpeter/composer/arranger Tom Harrell's working bands over the years have usually been a jazz quintet. The current lineup (2006-)of the Tom Harrell Quintet comprises Wayne Escoffery on tenor saxophone, Danny Grissett on piano and Fender Rhodes, Ugonna Okegwo on acoustic bass and Johnathan Blake on drums. That the group has worked together consistently for over five years is somewhat unusual in the world of jazz today, and many critics attribute the group's distinctive sound to its longevity. Harrell has recorded four albums with this group:Light On, Prana Dance, Roman Nights, and the most recent, The Time of the Sun.
Some of Harrell's previous quintets include:
2000-2005 Jimmy Greene, Xavier Davis,Ugonna Okegwo and Quincy Davis.
1994-1996 Don Braden, Kenny Werner, Larry Grenadier and Billy Hart

</doc>
<doc id="30938436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938436" title="Rye, Arizona">
Rye, Arizona

Rye is an unincorporated community in Gila County, Arizona, United States. Rye is located along Arizona State Route 87 south of Payson. The community became a census-designated place in the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="30938438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938438" title="ISIRI 8319">
ISIRI 8319

ISIRI 8319 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in January 2006 based on Directive 93/32/EEC and Directive 99/24/EC. It defines passenger hand-holds on two-wheel motor vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="30938449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938449" title="Ice storage air conditioning">
Ice storage air conditioning

Ice storage air conditioning is the process of using ice for thermal energy storage. This is practical because of water's large heat of fusion: one metric ton of water (one cubic metre) can store 334 megajoules (MJ) (317,000 BTU) of energy, equivalent to 93 kWh (26.4 ton-hours). 
Ice was originally obtained from mountains or cut from frozen lakes and transported to cities for use as a coolant. The original definition of a "ton of cooling capacity" (heat flow) was the heat needed to melt one ton of ice in a 24 hour period. This heat flow is what one would expect in a house in Boston in the summer. This definition has since been replaced by less archaic units: one ton HVAC capacity is equal to 12,000 BTU per hour. A small storage facility can hold enough ice to cool a large building from one day to one week, whether that ice is produced by anhydrous ammonia chillers or hauled in by horse-drawn carts. 
Ground freezing can also be utilized; this may be done in ice form where the ground is saturated. Systems will also work with pure rock. Wherever ice forms, the ice formation's heat of fusion is not used, as the ice remains solid throughout the process. The method based on ground freezing is widely used for mining and tunneling to solidify unstable ground during excavations. The ground is frozen using bore holes with concentric pipes that carry brine from a chiller at the surface. Cold is extracted in a similar way using brine and used in the same way as for conventional ice storage, normally with a brine-to-liquid heat exchanger, to bring the working temperatures up to usable levels at higher volumes. The frozen ground can stay cold for months or longer, allowing cold storage for extended periods at negligible structure cost. 
Replacing existing air conditioning systems with ice storage offers a cost-effective energy storage method, enabling surplus wind energy and other such intermittent energy sources to be stored for use in chilling at a later time, possibly months later.
Air conditioning.
The most widely used form of this technology can be found in campus-wide air conditioning or chilled water systems of large buildings. Air conditioning systems, especially in commercial buildings, are the biggest contributors to peak electrical loads seen on hot summer days in various countries. In this application, a standard chiller runs at night to produce an ice pile. Water then circulates through the pile during the day to produce chilled water that would normally be the chiller's daytime output.
A partial storage system minimizes capital investment by running the chillers nearly 24 hours a day. At night, they produce ice for storage and during the day they chill water for the air conditioning system. Water circulating through the melting ice augments their production. Such a system usually runs in ice-making mode for 16 to 18 hours a day and in ice-melting mode for six hours a day. Capital expenditures are minimized because the chillers can be just 40 - 50% of the size needed for a conventional design. Ice storage sufficient to store half a day's rejected heat is usually adequate.
A full storage system minimizes the cost of energy to run that system by entirely shutting off the chillers during peak load hours. The capital cost is higher, as such a system requires somewhat larger chillers than those from a partial storage system, and a larger ice storage system. Ice storage systems are inexpensive enough that full storage systems are often competitive with conventional air conditioning designs.
The air conditioning chillers' efficiency is measured by their coefficient of performance (COP). In theory, thermal storage systems could make chillers more efficient because heat is discharged into colder nighttime air rather than warmer daytime air. In practice, heat loss overpowers this advantage, since it melts the ice.
Air conditioning thermal storage has been shown to be somewhat beneficial in society. The fuel used at night to produce electricity is a domestic resource in most countries, so less imported fuel is used. Also, studies show that this process significantly reduces the emissions associated with producing the power for air conditioners, since in the evening, inefficient "peaker" plants are replaced by low emission-based load facilities. The plants that produce this power often work more efficiently than the gas turbines that provide peaking power during the day. As well, since the load factor on the plants is higher, fewer plants are needed to service the load.
A new twist on this technology uses ice as a condensing medium for the refrigerant. In this case, regular refrigerant is pumped to coils where it is used. Rather than needing a compressor to convert it back into a liquid, however, the low temperature of ice is used to chill the refrigerant back into a liquid. This type of system allows existing refrigerant-based HVAC equipment to be converted to Thermal Energy Storage systems, something that could not previously be easily done with chill water technology. In addition, unlike water-cooled chill water systems that do not experience a tremendous difference in efficiency from day to night, this new class of equipment typically displaces daytime operation of air-cooled condensing units. In areas where there is a significant difference between peak day time temperatures and off peak temperatures, this type of unit is typically more energy efficient than the equipment that it replaces. 
Combustion gas turbine air inlet cooling.
Thermal energy storage is also used for combustion gas turbine air inlet cooling. Instead of shifting electrical demand to the night, this technique shifts generation capacity to the day. To generate ice at night, the turbine is often mechanically connected to a large chiller's compressor. During peak daytime loads, water is circulated between the ice pile and a heat exchanger in front of the turbine air intake, cooling the intake air to near freezing temperatures. Since the air is colder, the turbine can compress more air with a given amount of compressor power. Typically, both the generated electrical power and turbine efficiency rise when the inlet cooling system is activated. This system is similar to the compressed air energy storage system.

</doc>
<doc id="30938486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938486" title="ISIRI 8314">
ISIRI 8314

ISIRI 8314 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in January 2006 based on Directive 93/93/EEC and defines masses and dimensions of two or three-wheel motor vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="30938490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938490" title="Haddaf Al Ameri">
Haddaf Al Ameri

Haddaf Abdullah Al Ameri (; born 21 November 1992) commonly known as Haddaf, is an Emirati footballer. who currently plays as a midfielder for Al Dhafra on loan from Al Ain.

</doc>
<doc id="30938507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938507" title="Gandalfus yunohana">
Gandalfus yunohana

Gandalfus yunohana is a species of crab found on hydrothermal vents on the eastern edge of the Philippine Sea Plate south of Japan. It lives at shallower depths than other members of the family Bythograeidae, at . Because no light penetrates to such depths, the eyes of "G. yunohana" are immobile and unpigmented.
Males have a carapace up to across, while females are larger, at .
It was originally described as "Austinograea yunohana" in 2000, but was transferred in 2007 by Colin McLay to his new genus, "Gandalfus", named after the character Gandalf from "The Lord of the Rings".

</doc>
<doc id="30938514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938514" title="Rwanda-Rundi">
Rwanda-Rundi

Rwanda-Rundi (Ruanda-Rundi) is a group of Bantu languages, specifically a dialect continuum, spoken in Central Africa. Neighboring dialects are mutually intelligible, but more distant ones may not be. Two dialects, Kirundi and Kinyarwanda, have been standardized as official languages of Burundi and Rwanda respectively. In Rwanda, Burundi, Uganda, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the speakers are the Hutu, Tutsi, and Twa. The other dialects are spoken in Tanzania; Ha, with one million speakers, is the most important.
Comparison of Kinyarwanda and Kirundi.
Kinyarwanda and Kirundi are very similar in many aspects, but differ in several ways as well.
Tonal marking.
Both languages are tonal languages. High and low tones (or H and L) are the essential tones and, having a phonemic distinction on vowel length, when a long vowel changes from a low tone to a high tone it is marked as a rising tone and when a long vowel changes from a high tone to a low tone, it is marked as a falling tone. This is often illustrated in Kirundi in Meeussen's Rule. Propositions have also been made that tones can shift by a metrical or rhythmic structure. 
Word formation.
There are many instances in which the two speech varieties of both languages have words that are slightly different. However, these differences do not continually recur. One has to memorize such differences as "–anga" in Kinyarwanda in contrast to "-anka" in Kirundi (meaning to dislike or hate), because the shift from "g" to "k" is extremely rare, with proof being words like "inka" (cow), "inkono" (pot) and many other words where "nk" is common in both dialects. Such minor variations involve different consonants, vowels or vowel lengths, tones or affixes.

</doc>
<doc id="30938517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938517" title="Tange International Co.">
Tange International Co.

Tange International Co. is a major Japanese manufacturer of high quality steel tubing for bicycle frames, established before 1920.
They are a rival to the British based tubing manufacturer Reynolds. Where the defacto standard of bicycle tubing from European Bike Boom bikes is Reynolds steel the Japanese defacto standard is Tange. They were also found throughout the 1980s on many higher quality far eastern produced bikes because of the higher cost of Reynolds steel.
They still produce high quality frame tubing to compete with companies like Reynolds and Columbus however they only produce Chromoly steel nowadays instead of mangamoly steel such as. Their current tubing range consists of three tiers Tange Chromo, Infinity, Prestige and Ultimate.
Soma have been using Tange Prestige tubes since 2007, and the first non-Italian tube to be used by Pinarello was Tange Prestige.

</doc>
<doc id="30938528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938528" title="Remo Manelli">
Remo Manelli

Remo Manelli (born 13 November 1942) is a Luxembourgian fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30938543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938543" title="Alain Anen">
Alain Anen

Alain Anen (born 24 May 1950) is a Luxembourgian fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30938556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938556" title="Kevin MacNeil">
Kevin MacNeil

Kevin MacNeil is a Scottish novelist, poet and playwright born and raised in the Outer Hebrides. His novels, "A Method Actor's Guide to Jekyll and Hyde" (Polygon) and best-selling debut, "The Stornoway Way" (Penguin), were both published to widespread critical acclaim. MacNeil’s first book, "Love and Zen in the Outer Hebrides" (Canongate), won the Tivoli Europa Giovani International Poetry Prize for best poetry collection published in Europe by a writer under 35. He is also the author of "Be Wise Be Otherwise" (Canongate) and the plays "Sweetness", an adaptation of a novel by Swedish author Torgny Lindgren, and "The Callanish Stoned" (Theatre Hebrides), and his short stories have been published extensively. MacNeil's anthology of poetry from the Scottish islands, "These Islands, We Sing", was published by Polygon in June 2011.
He often collaborates with visual artists and musicians. The album "Kevin MacNeil and Willie Campbell Are Visible From Space" (An Lanntair) was released to acclaim in 2011. A single taken from the album, "Local Man Ruins Everything" (Fantastic Plastic) was formerly Single of the Week in "The Guardian", in The List and on Steve Lamacq's BBC Radio 6 show. 
MacNeil was the inaugural Iain Crichton Smith Bilingual Writing Fellow and has held further prestigious writing residencies in Sweden (Uppsala University), Bavaria (Villa Concordia) and a number of other places, including lecturing on the Creative Writing MSc at Edinburgh University. He has recently become an honorary writer in residence at Kingston University.
MacNeil is also a keen cyclist, and in September 2009 cycled 1300 km of the Danube, from source to Budapest, on a fixed-gear track bike, for two cancer charities; the BBC filmed a documentary about him and his bike ride which took just a dozen cycling days. In 2012, he cycled from Ness, in the north of the Isle of Lewis, to Leverburgh, in the south of Harris, on a fixed gear bike, to raise money for local hospice Bethesda, where his late mother was cared for in her final months. 
MacNeil currently lives with his wife and two bikes in south-west London.

</doc>
<doc id="30938559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938559" title="Aly Doerfel">
Aly Doerfel

Aly Doerfel (born 26 September 1949) is a Luxembourgian fencer. He competed in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30938569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938569" title="Manchu (surname)">
Manchu (surname)

Manchu is an Indian surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30938575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938575" title="Romain Manelli">
Romain Manelli

Romain Manelli (born 2 June 1951) is a Luxembourgian fencer. He competed in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30938578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938578" title="Yew Tree Colliery">
Yew Tree Colliery

Yew Tree Colliery was a coal mine operating on the Manchester Coalfield after 1845 in Tyldesley, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
In 1845 George Green of Wharton Hall, Little Hulton, and his brother leased land at Yew Tree Farm and sank a shaft to prospect for coal. This became Yew Tree Colliery. Before 1851 Green built a tramroad to link the colliery to the Bridgewater Canal east of Astley Green. At the Tyldesley end, the tramway was worked by cable down the steep slope of the Tyldesley Banks and horse-drawn wagons completed the journey.
After 1870 the colliery was part of the Tyldesley Coal Company. The colliery had two shafts, one for ventilation, sunk to the Rams mine at 600 feet. The shafts were deepened in the early 1890s to access the Black and White mine.
An explosion of firedamp, ignited by a safety lamp, in 1858 cost the lives of 25 men and boys. This was the worst mining disaster to occur in Tyldesley.
See also.
List of collieries in Astley and Tyldesley
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30938599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938599" title="1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres hurdles">
1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres hurdles

These are the results of the Women's 100 metres hurdles event at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics in Athens, Greece.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 of each Heat (Q) and the next 7 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each Semifinal qualified directly (Q) for the final.
Final.
Wind: -0.3 m/s

</doc>
<doc id="30938601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938601" title="Stuttering (Loick Essien song)">
Stuttering (Loick Essien song)

"Stuttering" is a song by R&B singer Loick Essien. The song features vocals from hip hop group, N-Dubz. The track is the third single released from his upcoming debut studio album, "Identity". It was released on February 4, 2011 via Sony Music Entertainment. The song entered the UK Singles Chart at number 36, making it his first Top 40 single. A music video was made for the single. It was uploaded to YouTube on January 6, 2011. Essien and two members of N-Dubz, Dappy and Fazer, appear in the video.

</doc>
<doc id="30938609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938609" title="Anthony Nwakaeme">
Anthony Nwakaeme

Anthony Nnaduzor Nwakaeme also known as Anthony Nwakaeme or simply Tony (born 21 March 1989), is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward.
Career.
Romania.
Anthony Nwakaeme began his career in 2010 at Romanian club Arieşul Turda, which was given on loan from Universitatea Cluj. In January 2011, he returned to Universitatea Cluj and his most productive season came in 2011–12, when he appeared in 28 matches and scored 7 goals. In the 2012–13 season, he spent the first half at Petrolul Ploiești, before returning again at Universitatea Cluj in February 2013.
Personal.
He is the younger brother of Dickson Nwakaeme.

</doc>
<doc id="30938615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938615" title="Cleworth Hall Colliery">
Cleworth Hall Colliery

Cleworth Hall Colliery was a coal mine operating on the Manchester Coalfield after 1874 in Tyldesley, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
Geology.
Cleworth Hall Colliery exploited the Middle Coal Measures of the Lancashire Coalfield which were laid down in the Carboniferous period and where coal is mined from seams between the Worsley Four Foot and Arley mines. The seams generally dip towards the south and west and are affected by small faults. The Upper Coal Measures are not worked in this part of the coalfield.
History.
Cleworth Hall, the largest and longest lasting of the collieries owned by the Tyldesley Coal Company was sunk under the Cleworth Hall estate to the east of Yew Tree Colliery in 1874. The two original shafts were sunk to the Rams and Black and White mines. The Crombouke mine at a depth of 71 yards was worked until 1890 when its coal was exhausted. No.2 shaft was deepened to the Trencherbone mine and a third shaft was sunk in the early 1890s. The pits were originally ventilated by furnace at No.2 shaft.
Cleworth Hall colliery was modernised before 1914 and the shaft to the Arley mine equipped with steel headgear and a washery and coal preparation plant were built near the pit head.
In 1896 Cleworth Hall employed 304 men underground and 46 surface workers. Gas coal, household and manufacturing coal were mined from the Black and White, Six-Foot and Trencherbone, mines. 
See also.
List of collieries in Astley and Tyldesley
References.
Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30938620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938620" title="Kill Arman">
Kill Arman

Kill Arman is a reality/documentary TV-series about martial arts, created by Tuukka Tiensuu and Arman Alizad, and hosted by Arman Alizad. The series was first broadcast in Finland in the 9th of March, 2008. Currently, two seasons have been filmed and the series is airing in over 100 countries worldwide.
Synopsis.
Arman Alizad is master tailor, a fashion reporter and a party-animal, who has not done any sports in over 20 years. But in Kill Arman he has to travel to exotic locations around the world, train a different martial art in every episode, and finally fight a master of that martial art. The physical and mental challenges make Arman question his own belief systems, and he finds whole new sides to himself.
Cast and Characters.
Along with the host, Arman Alizad, the episodes have many famous martial arts masters mentoring Arman. These masters include for example Leung Ting, Martin Kampmann, Ray Sefo and Amin Asikainen.
Production.
Kill Arman is a co-production between Rabbit Films, Armanin Maailma and JIM. The series was created by Arman Alizad and Tuukka Tiensuu. Tiensuu is also the director of the series.
Awards and nominations.
In 2010, Kill Arman was nominated for the Best Finnish TV-show of the year in Venla-gaala.
Distribution.
Kill Arman is distributed in Finland by JIM. Internationally it is distributed by DRG. It airs in several dozen TV-networks around the world, including BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="30938634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938634" title="Violet Tweedale">
Violet Tweedale

Violet Tweedale, née Chambers (1862 – 19 December 1936), was a Scottish author, poet, and spiritualist.
Life and work.
Violet Chambers was born in Edinburgh, the eldest daughter of Robert Chambers, editor of Chambers' Journal, and the granddaughter of Robert Chambers, the publisher and founder of W & R Chambers. In her teens she assisted her father in his work, and in 1889 moved to London where she had her first novel, "And They Too", published, and became involved in humanitarian "rescue work" in the East End. In 1891, she married Clarens Tweedale.
In London, she moved in the best social circles, counting amongst her friends, poet Robert Browning, artist Frederic Leighton, Anne Proctor (mother of Adelaide Proctor) and many others. She also had influential contacts abroad including, Marie, Countess of Caithness, Duchess of Medina Pomar (Papal States), who was close to prominent Theosophist, Helena Blavatsky.
Claiming to be psychic from a young age, she became involved in Spiritualism and Theosophy, and was a close associate of Helena Blavatsky. She worked with the mediums Charles Williams and Cecil Husk (1847–1920), and was called as an expert witness when trance medium, Meurig Morris, sued the Daily Mail for libel in April 1932—although the case went against Morris, no fraud or dishonesty on the medium's part was proven. Tweedale was also a member of the Order of the Golden Dawn.
She was a prolific writer of short stories, published as anthologies, and novels, often with a romantic or supernatural theme. She wrote over 30 books on spiritual subjects, such as ""The Cosmic Christ"" (1930), and her own personal psychic experiences were documented in "Ghosts I have Seen" (1920). Apart from her literary output, she was a gifted amateur artist, embroiderer, accomplished pianist and fine Golfer; she was also a skilled orator who spoke up for workers' rights.

</doc>
<doc id="30938638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938638" title="Claudia Grassl">
Claudia Grassl

Claudia Grassl (born in Berchtesgaden, Germany) is a photographer.
She started out working with artist Ryan Mendoza. Her works focuses on youth culture and has appeared in topical zeitgeist magazines such as Vice.
Grassl's art has been exhibited at venues such as galleria studiolegale in Italy ("Young americans") as well as part of group shows, e.g. galleria in arco ("Beyond differences").
She divides her time between München, Paris and Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="30938640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938640" title="Maria Aragon">
Maria Aragon

Maria Lourdes Aragon (born July 17, 2000) is a Canadian singer from Manitoba of Filipino descent. Aragon gained fame after a YouTube video of her performing Lady Gaga's "Born This Way" went viral.
Early life.
Maria Lourdes Aragon was born on July 17, 2000 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Aragon has an older sister, Rojuane Aragon. At a young age, Maria had a big interest in singing, where she had posted covers on her sister's channel, rojuanearagon.
Career.
2011: Career beginnings, "The Monster Ball Tour" with Lady Gaga and "Maria Aragon".
On February 16, 2011, a video of Aragon performing a cover of "Born This Way" by Lady Gaga was posted to her sister's YouTube channel to showcase her talent to friends and family. The video caught Lady Gaga's attention when entertainment blogger Perez Hilton sent Gaga her "Born This Way" cover, and she was so impressed by Aragon's performance that she retweeted a link to the video. In a week, her video reached over 11 million views. As of December 21, 2012, the video had over 54 million views.
During an interview on HOT 103 in Winnipeg, Lady Gaga called into the show to tell Aragon how moved she had been by her performance. Lady Gaga then invited an already surprised Aragon to perform "Born This Way" with her at The Monster Ball Tour concert in Toronto. In Toronto, Canada, 99.9 Virgin Radio called Aragon and offered to fly her to Toronto for free. On March 3, 2011, Aragon joined Lady Gaga on stage at the Air Canada Centre, where they performed an acoustic duet of "Born This Way" with Aragon sitting on Gaga's lap, playing piano, singing and Lady Gaga working the pedals. Aragon later rejoined Lady Gaga and her team of back up dancers for an uptempo finale version of "Born This Way".
American talk show host Ellen DeGeneres took notice of her from emails and petitions requesting for Aragon's appearance on the show and eventually invited Aragon to appear on her show on February 21, 2011, where Aragon again performed "Born This Way" on the piano earning a standing ovation from the audience. On March 29, 2011, Aragon performed "Born This Way" at her home for Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper. She and Harper also performed a duet of John Lennon's song "Imagine".
In 2011, she appeared in commercials for HTC singing the K'naan song, Wavin' Flag and Gap Kids, singing "I Want Candy". She performed at the 2011 Canada Day concert on Parliament Hill, which included Prince William and Catherine Middleton, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge respectively, in attendance, as part of their 2011 royal tour of Canada.
On July 20, 2011, Aragon arrived in the Philippines where she signed a contract with Star Records, the same recording company who also signed Charice. Her first self-titled album consist of seven tracks including "You're My Home", composed and originally sung by Odette Quesada and remade by Lea Salonga for the Star Cinema film, Way Back Home. Among the songs in Aragon's album is her rendition of Lady Gaga's "Born This Way", which brought her international exposure. To promote the album, she appeared on several ABS CBN shows including the musical variety show, ASAP Rocks and series of mall shows.
2012-present: Further singing and "#SoulfulSessions".
In 2012, Aragon filmed and released a video entitled, "Rehearsals for Google Zeitgeist London 2012". The video shows Aragon rehearsing for the "Google Zeitgeist London", hence the title. Later, Aragon was a featured artist in Liona Boyd's Christmas single entitled, "My Special Christmas Present Is You", which was released on December 11, 2012, following the video's release on December 7, 2012. Then later, Aragon released a cover mashup of Alex Clare's "Too Close" and Justin Bieber's "As Long As You Love Me".
In 2013, Aragon returned covering her favorite Disney songs, featuring her friend, Ashly Pascual and her brother, JV Aragon which was released on. Later, Aragon's cover of "Clarity" by Zedd ft. Foxes, was released September 23, 2013. Aragon started a session entitled, "#SoulfulSessions", where she covers various songs by various artists. Aragon's first session was released on November 4, 2013, where she covered "All Of Me" by John Legend. Following the first session, Aragon released an original single entitled, "You Are Enough". Then, Aragon released sessions for Royals and Roar. Aragon continues to release sessions and hopes more to come in the upcoming year.

</doc>
<doc id="30938651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938651" title="Combermere Colliery">
Combermere Colliery

Combermere Colliery was a coal mine operating on the Manchester Coalfield after 1867 in Shakerley, Tyldesley, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
Combermere Colliery's two shafts, one for ventilation, were sunk to the Rams mine at 315 feet and the black and White mine at 600 feet by the Tyldesley Coal Company and opened in 1867. The colliery had a short life and closed in 1893. The company built a brickworks using fireclay from the mine at Combermere and the railway to it operated until the mid-1930s.
See also.
List of collieries in Astley and Tyldesley
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30938661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938661" title="Les Thermes">
Les Thermes

Les Thermes is a water park in Strassen, just west of Luxembourg City in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Opened in February 2009, it attracted half a million visitors during its first year and has been named "Most Innovating Waterpark in Europe" by the European Waterpark Association based in Nuremberg, Germany.
The complex.
The facility consists of an Olympic swimming pool, two children's pools, wave baths, slides, solarium, sauna and fitness centre. The award was based on its suitability for a wide range of visitors, its striking modern architecture and its well-conceived design uniting the pools, the changing rooms and the fitness centre.
Les Thermes, a joint enterprise of the communes of Bertrange and Strassen, was built at a cost of EUR 37 million.
Design.
After a competition, the firms chosen to design the complex were Witry & Witry, Jim Clemes Architectes and Hermann Valentiny & Associés. Sometimes compared to a spacecraft, the concrete building's shape is the result of its rounded wooden roof coupled with a rounded façade faced with aluminium strips. In addition to stainless steel swimming pools, the fitness and recreation areas are positioned over three levels. Large skylights on the roof ensure maximum use of sunlight in the building.
Awards.
At the Luxembourg Bauhärepräis competition in June 2012, Les Thermes was presented with the award for buildings designed for sport.

</doc>
<doc id="30938680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938680" title="Peelwood Colliery">
Peelwood Colliery

Peelwood Colliery was a coal mine operating on the Manchester Coalfield after 1883 in Shakerley, Tyldesley, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
Shaft sinking at Peelwood began in 1878 and the colliery opened in 1883. The colliery, owned by the Tyldesley Coal Company, was situated to the east of Shakerley Lane on the south side of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway's Manchester to Southport line and where the company had a siding. A fault caused the company to sink another shaft, the Daisy Pit, to win coal from seams close to the surface.
The colliery's two 13 feet diameter shafts north of the Wharton Hall Fault accessed the Trencherbone at 335 yards and Black and White mines at 170 yards. Coal was extracted by room and pillar working in the Black and White mine and longwall mining in the Trencherbone. Coal was wound at both shafts.
In 1896 the colliery employed 262 underground and 104 surface workers. By the time the pit closed, coal had been got from the Three Feet, Four Feet, Cannel, Plodder, Haigh Yard and Arley mines. In 1923 the colliery had 319 underground and 72 surface workers and produced gas, household and steam coal. The pit closed in 1929.
The colliery was linked to the company's other pits, Combermere and Cleworth Hall, by a mineral railway which had exchange sidings with the Tyldesley Loopline. After 1888 an exchange siding was constructed next to the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway's line from Manchester to Wigan, providing access for the company's coal traffic.
See also.
List of collieries in Astley and Tyldesley
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30938682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938682" title="La maschera e il volto">
La maschera e il volto

La maschera e il volto is a comedy of grotesque genre by Luigi Chiarelli. Written in 1913 and first rapresented in 1916, it is historically significant for starting the contemporary grotesque theatre. It had a great success first in Italy and then Internationally, and continues to be represented. Several movies have been adapted from the play.

</doc>
<doc id="30938687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938687" title="16th-century philosophy">
16th-century philosophy

16th-century philosophy in the Western world is generally regarded as the later part of Renaissance philosophy.
Early 16th-century philosophy is often called the High Renaissance and is considered to succeed the Renaissance philosophy era and precede the Age of Rationalism. Notable philosophers from the time period include, Bartolomé de las Casas, Desiderius Erasmus, Niccolò Machiavelli, Martin Luther, John Calvin, Nicolaus Copernicus, Michel de Montaigne, and Francis Bacon.

</doc>
<doc id="30938707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938707" title="British Spanish">
British Spanish

British Spanish or Spanish British may refer to:
British Spanish, British Spaniards, Spanish British, or Spanish Britons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30938711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938711" title="Shakerley Colliery (Greens)">
Shakerley Colliery (Greens)

Shakerley Colliery was a coal mine on the Manchester Coalfield near Shakerley, Tyldesley, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England. It was sunk in 1867 and was operating in 1878.
The colliery on Shakerley Common had a single shaft which was sunk to the Rams mine at 300 feet by George Green to exploit the Middle Coal Measures of the Lancashire Coalfield and became part of the Tyldesley Coal Company in 1870. It had the first iron headgear in the country but closed by 1886.
See also.
List of collieries in Astley and Tyldesley
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30938720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938720" title="Wheelbarrow Olympics">
Wheelbarrow Olympics

The Wheelbarrow Olympics (in Hungarian "Talicskaolimpia") is an international sports event organized annually in Hosszúhetény village in Baranya county, Hungary. The participants compete individually and in teams, in several categories: solo, double, triple, sandwich and in speed and skill exercises.
Foreign participants of the games have been from Croatia, Denmark, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia and South Korea. The games are linked with cultural programmes including concerts and dance performances. 
The XI. Wheelbarrow Olympics was held on May 13-14.

</doc>
<doc id="30938724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938724" title="Spanish conquest of Sardinia">
Spanish conquest of Sardinia

The Spanish conquest of Sardinia, also known as the Spanish expedition to Sardinia, took place between the months of August and November 1717. It was the first military action between the Kingdom of Spain and the Holy Roman Empire after the War of the Spanish Succession (1701–1714), and was the direct cause of the War of the Quadruple Alliance (1718–1720). The Spanish troops commanded by the Marquis of Lede and Don José Carrillo de Albornoz, 1st Duke of Montemar, supported by the Spanish fleet, defeated the Emperor's troops easily, and conquered the entire island of Sardinia, which had been ruled by the Emperor since the Treaty of Rastatt (1714), returning it again and for the final time to Spain.
In 1717, with the rise of Spain as an important military power again, and the ambitions of the King Philip V of Spain to regain the Spanish supremacy in Italy and the Mediterranean, the rest of the European powers, Great Britain, France and Austria, to strengthen the Treaty of Utrecht (1713), contemplated ceding Sicily to the Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI, but this arrangement displeased Spain, who wanted to recover the island. With this background, and the arrest in Milan from Spanish Grand Inquisitor, Jose Molina, by the Austrians, Philip V obtained the pretext he sought. The fleet, under the command of the Marquis de Mari, consisted of 9 ships of the line, 6 frigates, 3 galleys, 2 fireships and 80 transport and merchant ships, and the troops, were composed by 8,500 infantry and 500 cavalry commanded by Don Juan Francisco de Bette, Marquis of Lede. The last place fell to 30 October, and the Spanish victory was complete.
Consequences.
The initial Austrian reaction to this invasion was limited, because Austria had put all their resources on Austro-Turkish War of 1716-18, and the Austrian supreme commander, Prince Eugene of Savoy, wanted to avoid a great war in Italy with Spain. The Treaty of Passarowitz ended the war between the Ottoman Empire and Austria, and on 2 August, this led to the formation of the Quadruple Alliance.
Meanwhile, in July, 1718, the Spaniards, this time with 30,000 men,<ref name=" Laínez/Canales"/> including four regiments of "Dragoons", again led by the Marquis of Lede, and a fleet of 350 ships,<ref name=" Laínez/Canales"/> and over 250 pieces of artillery, invaded Sicily.<ref name=" Laínez/Canales"/> The Spanish forces captured Palermo on 7 July, and then divided their army in two. De Lede followed the coast to besiege Messina between 18 July and 30 September, while the Duke of Montemar conquered the rest of the island.<ref name=" Laínez/Canales"/>
The French, Austrians, and British demanded the Spanish withdrawal from Sicily and Sardinia. The attitude of Victor Amadeus II of Savoy was ambiguous, as he accepted to negotiate with the Spanish Prime Minister, Cardinal Alberoni, to form an anti-Austrian alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="30938736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938736" title="Gandabommanahalli">
Gandabommanahalli


</doc>
<doc id="30938738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938738" title="Arman Alizad">
Arman Alizad

Arman Alizad (born 12 June 1971) is a Finnish master tailor, fashion columnist and a TV-personality. He is best known for the martial arts series Kill Arman, which is currently airing in over 100 countries around the world. Alizad has also hosted several other Finnish TV-series, such as Dresscode, Unisex, Loman Tarpeessa and Arman Reilaa.
Early life.
Alizad was born in Teheran, Iran, in 1971. When the Islamic revolution started in 1979, his family escaped to Finland and he has lived there ever since.
Tailoring career in Finland.
Alizad graduated from a basic tailoring school in 1992, and became an apprentice to master tailor Jouni Korhonen. Alizad passed the master tailor's test in 1997. Alizad co-owns the Finnish Pukustudio clothing company with Sonja Raassina, who is also one of the last remaining master tailors in Finland.
TV-career in Finland.
Alizad started his TV-career with the fashion show Dresscode in 2001. Since then he has done another fashion show (Unisex), two travel shows (Loman Tarpeessa, Arman Reilaa), and one martial arts TV-series, Kill Arman.
International fame.
In 2009, Kill Arman made a distribution deal with the British TV-distribution company DRG. Between 2009 and 2011, the series was sold to over 100 countries, making Alizad an internationally known TV personality. The series airs for example on BBC Knowledge, Extreme Sports Channel and JIM.

</doc>
<doc id="30938748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938748" title="Hanumagondanahalli">
Hanumagondanahalli


</doc>
<doc id="30938755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938755" title="Northgas">
Northgas

Northgas () is a natural gas-producing company in Russia. It is a developer of the North-Urengoy (Severo-Urengoyskoye) gas field in the Yamalo-Nenets region. According to DeGolyer and MacNaughton, it controls a total reserves of 368 billion cubic metres of natural gas. All produced gas is acquired by Gazprom.
History.
Northgas was founded in 1993 to develop the North-Urengoy field. The company was controlled by Gazprom through its subsidiary Urengoygazprom, which owned a 51% stake in Northgas. 44% of the company was owned by Bechtel Energy, while Tansley, an offshore company owned by the Russian businessman Farkhad Akhmedov had a stake of 5%. A license for the North-Urengoy field was transferred from Urengoygazprom to Northgas in 1994. In 1996, Bechtel sold its stake to Akhmedov-owned Farcot Group, which later also took over a stake owned by Transley. In 1999–2001, Farkhad Akhmedov gained full control over Northgas through the three emissions of additional shares and signing-off the existing share capital. Its ownership was transferred to the holding company REDI.
Northgas started natural gas production in 2001. However, due to a dispute with Gazprom, the access of produced gas to the gas transportation system of Russia was limited and the Northgas license of the North-Urengoy field was annulled. In 2005, the dispute was resolved by Gazprom acquiring a 51% stake in Northgas free of charge. Gazprom owns its stake through Urengoygazprom.
A new dispute between the Farkhad Akhmedov's holding company REDI and Gazprom arose in 2008 over a gas price and access to the gas transportation system.
In January 2011, a Russian power producer Inter RAO announced that it will acquire REDI, which holds 49% take in Northgas for US$1.5 billion. Inter RAO made similar offer to Gazprom to acquire a full control of the company.

</doc>
<doc id="30938758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938758" title="Sirinayakanahalli">
Sirinayakanahalli


</doc>
<doc id="30938763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938763" title="Kallukamba">
Kallukamba


</doc>
<doc id="30938772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938772" title="Kakkabevinahalli">
Kakkabevinahalli


</doc>
<doc id="30938791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938791" title="Paris v Stepney Borough Council">
Paris v Stepney Borough Council

Paris v Stepney Borough Council UKHL 3 was a decision of the House of Lords that significantly affected the concept of Standard of care in common law. The plaintiff Paris was employed by the then Stepney Borough Council as a general garage-hand. He had sight in only one eye, and his employer was aware of this. The council only issued eye protection goggles to its employees who were welders or tool-grinders. In the course of his usual work, Paris received an injury to his sighted eye. He sued the council for the tort of negligence. On appeal it was decided that Stepney Borough Council was aware of his special circumstances and failed in their duty of care to give him protective goggles.
Facts.
Paris was employed by Stepney Borough Council as garage-hand. He had suffered a war injury that left him with sight in only one eye. While Paris was attempting to loosen a rusted car axle bolt with a hammer, he caused a chip of metal to fly into his sighted eye, and as a result was permanently blinded in both eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="30938794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938794" title="Jodikasinayakanahalli">
Jodikasinayakanahalli


</doc>
<doc id="30938796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938796" title="Oliver Goldsmith (Canadian poet)">
Oliver Goldsmith (Canadian poet)

Oliver Goldsmith (1794–1861) was a Canadian poet born in St. Andrews, New Brunswick. He is best known for "The Rising Village", which appeared in 1825. It was at once the first book-length poem published by a native English-Canadian and the first book-length publication in England by a Canadian poet. Furthermore his "Autobiography" is the first autobiography of a native Canadian writer. He is not to be confused with his great-uncle Oliver Goldsmith, to whose celebrated poem "The Deserted Village" "The Rising Village" is a response.
In 1944 his name was added by the Canadian Government to its list of Persons of National Historic Significance.

</doc>
<doc id="30938801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938801" title="Uppanayakanahalli">
Uppanayakanahalli


</doc>
<doc id="30938815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938815" title="Rajshahi Raj family">
Rajshahi Raj family

Rajshahi Raj was a large feudatory kingdom which occupied a vast position of Bengal (Present day West Bengal, India and Bangladesh). It was the second largest zamindari with an area of about 33,670 km2, after the Burdwan Raj. The zamindari came into being during the early part of the 18th century when Nawab Murshid Quli Khan was the Dewan / Subahdar of Bengal (1704–1727).
The family ruled their dominions and estates from the Natore Palace in present day Bangladesh. A member of this Raj family, Maharaja Jagadindra Narayan Ray, was a patron of cricket, and wanted to defeat the British in their own game of Cricket. His rival was the Maharaja of Koch Bihar.
History.
Many old aristocrats and lords lost their estates during the rule of the Nawab Murshid Quli Khan. Besides, many zamindars lost their zamindari on account of their disobedience and rebellion. Murshid Quli Khan settled these zamindaries with his trusted followers. 
In this process of replacement the most fortunate beneficiary was the Rajshahi zamindari. The family also benefited by another feature of nawab's revenue policy of encouragement to the formation of big zamindaries.
The Rajshahi Raj family traced its origin to Kamdev Rai, a tahsildar of the Puthia Raj family. Kamdev had three sons Ramjivan, Raghunandan and Bishnuram. Raghunandan was the very promising and enterprising. Raja Darpanarain, the zamindar of Puthia, and Murshid Quli Khan had significant contributions behind Raghunandan's rise to prominence. 
Raghunandan sided with Murshid Quli Khan in his entanglement with the Subahdar, the Prince Azim-us-Shan, the grandson of Emperor Aurangzeb and thus won the confidence of the nawab. Again, when the diwani was transferred to Murshidabad, he was appointed in a similar capacity as his master's representative there. During this time he came in close contact of Murshid Quli Khan and secured his confidence. Which is why the "naib" (later ruler of Bengal) trusted him and let him set up the dynasty.
Just a few zamindars controlled half of the total landed property of Bengal while the colonial state was forming in the last decades of the 18th century. The colonial state viewed these princely zamindaris as potential threats to the security of the new state, because their power were so great that they could at any opportune moment combine and put the colonial state in great jeopardy. Hence it became a policy of the government to weaken these estates, if not destroy them altogether. One of the strategies to implement this design was the ruthless operation of the sunset law (law which required the lords to submit their revenues by sunset). In 1788, in her old age, Rani Bhabani transferred the zamindari to her adopted son Raja Ramkrishna, then forty years old. 
The fall of the Raj family.
In April 1798, Raja Biswanath attained his majority and took over the management of the zamindari. Soon he fell in huge arrears for which mahal after mahal were sold for recovering public revenue. By 1800, the great Rajshahi raj was reduced to insignificance. Utter poverty descended on the family. In consideration of his past rank and status and present indigence, the Government granted him an allowance of eight hundred rupees per month in 1805. A zamindari which was the second largest in Bengal, just next to the Burdwan raj, in 1790 became almost extinct within the next ten years.
The Rajshahi Raj witnessed its rise almost throughout the 18th century, but its decline started before the end of the 20th century. It however maintained its existence during the 19th century. The zamindari was ultimately abolished under the East Bengal State Acquisition and Tenancy Act of 1950 introduced by the Democratic Pakistani Government after the fall of the British Monarchy just two years back (1947–1948).

</doc>
<doc id="30938857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938857" title="Vernon Thomas">
Vernon Thomas

Vernon Thomas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30938860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938860" title="Aasa Helgesen">
Aasa Helgesen

Aasa Helgesen born Aasa Røinesdal (1877 – 1968) was a Norwegian midwife and politician. She served as mayor of Utsira from 1926 to 1928, and was the first female mayor in Norway and Europe. She worked as a midwife in Utsira from 1903 to 1942.
Early years, family and midwife career.
Born at a small croft (Norwegian: "husmannsplass") Røinesdal in Bjelland, Southern Norway, she started working as a servant girl after finishing primary school. Wanting further education, she obtained a loan from a farmer she worked for and the local lensmann in order to go to Kristiania to become a midwife. Having finished the education in 1902, she got a position as midwife a year later at the small fishing island of Utsira in Western Norway. In 1907, she married local fisherman Sivert Helgesen.
Aasa and Sivert Helgesen had eight children. They had a farm and Aasa would take care of the farm work when Sivert was at sea. From 1903 to 1943, she assisted as midwife in about 400 births at Utsira, which was almost all the children born at the island during this period. The island did not have a doctor, so she also assisted with other health issues.
Mayorality.
Utsira became a municipality when it was separated from Torvastad in 1925. An interim municipal council was elected and Aasa's husband Sivert Helgesen was elected interim mayor of the new municipality. The first municipal election for Utsira was held on 29 October 1925. The election system was such that the person with most votes would be elected. This election was only ten years after the law was changed to allow both men and women to vote if they were more than 25 years old. The members of the interim council expected to be elected without having their names on a list. Radio assistant Reidar Nordås did however put up a list of eleven unsuspecting women plus one man. Aasa Helgesen was one of the names on the list. Most or all of the women were wives of the men of the interim council. Neither Helgesen nor the other people on the list were aware of the new list until election day.
The election result showed that eleven women and one man had been elected to the municipal council, among them Aasa Helgesen. The municipal's country police inspector tried to have the election overturned, but the election board and the Norwegian Ministry of Justice confirmed the result.
The reason for the women's list and the election result has been somewhat unclear. It's considered that Nordås formed the list as a practical joke and he believed that the election result would be annulled. A local conflict related to tax issues between various families on the island is also believed to lie behind the result. Some families feared that the new municipal council would clamp down on tax evasion.
The only man who had been elected to the council declined to become mayor and Aasa Helgesen was chosen to become the first regular mayor of Utsira in 1926, taking over the position from her husband who had been interim mayor.
Locals were embarrassed by the election result; it was kept secret for about a week. When it was published it led to mockery in the local media who disparagingly referred to the council as the "skirt regime". The novel result was also reported internationally and Helgesen received congratulation telegrams from women's organizations in the US and Mexico.
The new council however performed well and caused no problems. The local media reported that the economic situation seemed fine. As mayor, Helgesen also participated in the higher Rogaland county council.
In the following election in 1928, neither Helgesen or any of the other women sought reelection. Sivert Helgesen succeeded his wife as mayor of the island.
Legacy.
After the eleven women resigned only one woman was elected, in 1980, to the municipal council of Utsira.
One of Helgesen's daughters was interviewed on TV in 1986. Asked if she felt proud when her mother became Norway's first female mayor, the daughter replied "Proud? No, it was such a shame."
Marte Eide Klovning became Utsira's second female mayor in 2012.
A bust of Aasa Helgesen was placed outside Utsira municipality hall in 1994.
In 2013, which marked the 100th anniversary for female voting rights in Norway, Haugesund Theatre in cooperation with Utsira municipality and Den kulturelle skolesekken (culture project for schoolchildren) performed a newly written play formed like a monologue called "The female coup on Utsira" about the event. The play was first performed on Utsira and later other places in Rogaland. A great-granddaughter of Aasa Helgesen played the role of Helgesen.

</doc>
<doc id="30938869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938869" title="Sarolangun Regency">
Sarolangun Regency

Sarolangun Regency is a regency of Jambi, Indonesia. It has an area of 5,166 km² and population of 218,228 as of 2009.It contains 6 "kelurahan" and 124 "desa".

</doc>
<doc id="30938893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938893" title="Leonard Peskett">
Leonard Peskett

Leonard Peskett, OBE (1861 – 1924) was the Cunard Line's Senior naval architect and Designer and the designer of the companies ocean liners RMS Mauretania, RMS Lusitania, RMS Aquitania, and the RMS Carmania.
Peskett came to Cunard in 1884 from H.M. Dockyard, where he had been an apprentice shipwright. He remained at Cunard until his death in 1924.
He is the author of the paper "The design of steamships from the owner's point of view," published in Transactions of the Institution of Naval Architects, London, 1914 

</doc>
<doc id="30938901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938901" title="Parc Merveilleux">
Parc Merveilleux

The Parc Merveilleux is an amusement park just east of Bettembourg in the south of Luxembourg. Designed above all for children, the park has a wide range of attractions including exotic birds, animals in their natural habitats, a pony ranch, a miniature railway, children's self-drive cars, adventure playgrounds, scenes from fairy tales, a restaurant and a cafeteria. The park is open every day from Easter to early October.

</doc>
<doc id="30938905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938905" title="Jerry Thomas">
Jerry Thomas

Jerry Thomas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30938913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938913" title="McLean County Unit District No. 5">
McLean County Unit District No. 5

McLean County Unit District No. 5 (legally Community Unit School District No. 5, usually shortened to Unit 5) is a unit school district in McLean County, Illinois and a small portion of Woodford County, Illinois. 
A public election on created the school district. The district covers 11 congressional townships, including all of the communities of Carlock, Hudson, Normal, and Towanda. It also covers parts of Bloomington not in Bloomington School District 87.
, the district has around 13,000 students and 1,850 full- and part-time staff across 17 elementary, 4 junior high, and 2 high school buildings. The two high schools are Normal Community High School and Normal Community West High School.

</doc>
<doc id="30938930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938930" title="East Tanjung Jabung Regency">
East Tanjung Jabung Regency

East Tanjung Jabung is a regency of Jambi, Indonesia. It has an area of 5,443 km² and population of 213,781 as of 2009.It contains 6 "kecamatan" and 60 "desa". The capital lies at Muarasabak.

</doc>
<doc id="30938978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30938978" title="Golden Eagle Award for Best Original Score">
Golden Eagle Award for Best Original Score

The Golden Eagle Award for Best Original Score (Russian: Золотой Орёл за лучшую музыку к фильму) is one of twenty award categories presented annually by the National Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences of Russia. It is one of the Golden Eagle Awards, which were conceived by Nikita Mikhalkov as a counterweight to the Nika Award established in 1987 by the Russian Academy of Cinema Arts and Sciences.
Each year the members of the academy choose three nominees to award the best film composer and the film as a perception. The first composer to be awarded was Alexey Rybnikov for the film "The Star". The most recent award was made to Yuri Poteenko and Konstantin Shevelev for "White Tiger". Eduard Artemyev and Poteenko hold the record for the most nominations, with three and two winning, respectively. Other people with multiple nominations include Alexey Rybnikov (with one win out of three nominations), and Aleksei Aygi (with three nominations).

</doc>
<doc id="30939010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939010" title="Orchidarium">
Orchidarium

Orchidarium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30939011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939011" title="West Tanjung Jabung Regency">
West Tanjung Jabung Regency

West Tanjung Jabung is a regency of Jambi, Indonesia. It has an area of 5,501km² and population of 255,952 as of 2009.It contains 4 "kecamatan" and 52 "desa". The capital lies at Kualatungkal.

</doc>
<doc id="30939022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939022" title="Sir Vincent Corbet, 1st Baronet">
Sir Vincent Corbet, 1st Baronet

Sir Vincent Corbet, 1st Baronet (13 June 1617 – 1656) was an English lawyer and politician who sat for Shropshire in the House of Commons in the Short Parliament of 1640. He fought on the Royalist side in the English Civil War.
Background.
Corbet was the son of
Sir Andrew and Lady Elizabeth had at least seven sons and nine daughters, naming the first son and heir Vincent, after Sir Andrew's father. Sir Andrew went on to become a notable MP for Shropshire. After supporting George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham in the reign of James VI and I, he became a strong opponent of absolute monarchy under Charles and voted for the Petition of Right. His son and heir was to take a very different political stance.
Family tree.
The family tree below shows Sir Vincent Corbet's ancestry and relationship to some other Shropshire Corbets involved in the Civil War.
Sir Vincent Corbet: his ancestry and relatives
Early life and education.
Vincent Corbet was baptized at Moreton Corbet on 13 July 1617, the parish register unusually noting the date of his birth: 13 June. He matriculated at Queen's College, Oxford on 24 October 1634. After the death of his father, he was admitted to Lincoln's Inn on 11 November 1637.
Political and military career.
The outbreak of war.
In April 1640, Corbet was elected Member of Parliament for Shropshire in the Short Parliament. He gained military experience in the King's war against the Scottish Presbyterians. For his support, the King created him baronet of Moreton Corbet on 29 January 1642.
In the late summer of 1642, both Parliament and the King began mobilising their forces, the former under the Militia Ordinance, the latter under Commissions of array. Corbet was appointed a Commissioner of array for Shropshire and garrisoned his home at Moreton Corbet Castle in the King's cause. His second cousin, Sir John Corbet, was one of the three MP sent by parliament to take over the county militia. However the parliamentary muster was disrupted on 1 August by Francis Ottley, who quickly took up the leading position among Shropshire's Royalist gentry. Sir Vincent Corbet was left free to drill a royalist muster at Atcham, a few miles east of Shrewsbury, the following day.
The situation hung in the balance for another month. However, on 30 August, Shrewsbury's council agreed a policy of non-resistance to the King. Although this was far short of outright support, Ottley used it to encourage the King to march to Shrewsbury from his initial muster at Nottingham. The Royalist army occupied the town from 20 September until 12 October, overwhelming all resistance, and subjecting the town and surrounding areas to the looting and extortion of the ill-paid soldiery. Ottley, now knighted, was left in control of the town, although he was not formally made governor until January 1643.
Formation of the dragoons.
In December Corbet a number of Shropshire gentry resolved to establish a regiment of dragoons.
The signatories were headed by Sir Richard Lee, 2nd Baronet, MP for Shropshire until expelled by Parliament, and included Ottley, the governor.
A muster was held at Battlefield, north of Shrewsbury, on 20 December. Great hopes were placed on the regiment, which was expected to recruit a thousand men. Only later did it become public that the recruiting drive had been largely unsuccessful, with only 60 responding initially. However, Corbet and his men were summoned to the fighting in Cheshire in January.
First blood.
Chester was a vital Royalist stronghold, allowing the King to draw on supplies and reinforcements from Ireland, but the county was largely Parliamentarian in allegiance. The attempt to use Shropshire troops in Cheshire was dogged from the start by rivalries and poor communications. Orlando Bridgeman, the chief justice and effective deputy governor of Chester, rehearsed these problems in a letter to Sir Francis Ottley on 20 January: Corbet, he complained, had been instructed to advance from Whitchurch, Shropshire to Tarporley, well inside Cheshire, but had refused on the grounds that his force was too small. Bridgeman urged Ottley to appeal to the Shropshire gentry for reinforcements, as he believed an attack by Sir William Brereton, the main Parliamentarian commander in the region, imminent. However, John Harrington, a relative of Ottley, made clear the hopelessness of such a recruitment strategy in a letter of 25 January:
Corbet joined forces with Sir Thomas Aston, 1st Baronet, hoping that reinforcements would arrive. On 28 January Bridgeman wrote to Shrewsbury, preparing Ottley for bad news: Aston had moved toward Stafford and Brereton had slipped into Nantwich behind him. Later the same day, Aston wrote to explain what had happened: approaching what they thought was the friendly town of Nantwich, they had found it occupied by about 140 Parliamentarians. After a couple of attempts to storm the town, they withdrew to regroup, only to come face to face with Brereton's main force. They fought their way through: “both sides are loosers, what wee know not, night being theyre, friend our enemy.” Aston requested musketeers to make good their losses. Corbet's account, written the following morning at Market Drayton, also sought to portray the encounter as a draw, but ominously asked not for soldiers but surgeons.
Brereton's account of the skirmish avers that the force he sent to occupy Nantwich was a mere fifty dragoons. When the Royalists tried to lay an ambush, the local people kept the Parliamentarians informed. When, his main force confronted the Royalists, who betrayed their own position by their lighted musket matches, Corbet's dragoons “were presentlie disordered and many of them ran awaye withoute ever giving fire.” He thought Aston was wounded and both he and Corbet had been captured briefly but were able to escape under cover of darkness to Over, abandoning their arms in the process. He considered his own troops' performance “far beyonde what could bee expected of us,” considering that they had just marched from Leek. The participants differed little over facts but considerably over interpretation. The behaviour of the Royalist commanders led to accusations of cowardice, but was just as easily interpreted as prudence. Certainly Corbet's disobedience at Whitchurch the previous week had saved his small force from being completely cut off in hostile territory. Harrington again pointed out the obvious weaknesses: “I was hartily sorry to see S'r Vincent Corbett so poorly furnished with raw Soldiers and Young Commanders.”
Campaigns.
Corbet's force seems to have grown in size and experience and was in regular service around Whitchurch during March, suffering considerable losses. In May a Parliamentarian raiding party surprised Corbet's force at dusk at Market Drayton,
However, experience was making Corbet's force more effective, so that Brereton remarked of one encounter: “the Shropshire horse and Dragoons came on with great resolution and boldness, and in very good order.” In July Corbet was authorised to raise a thousand infantry. The enlarged and more versatile force was able to make a much more effective contribution to Royalist efforts in the region, where the tide of battle flowed to and fro constantly, but the progress of the war was ultimately a question of taking and holding ground, particularly the patchwork of fortresses and strongpoints. The propaganda war was also important in holding territory and populations, and Ottley at Shrewsbury was accused by Royalist headquarters at Oxford of slacking in the face of a torrent of Parliamentarian newspapers and pamphlets.
Parliament had been reorgainising to retake Shropshire, establishing a Parliamentary committee for the county in February. It contained two Corbets: Sir John Corbet and Robert Corbet (died 1676), Sir Vincent's first cousin. In April it was federated with its counterparts in Warwickshire and Staffordshire, and in late summer, the support of Brereton allowed the committee to gain its first foothold in its native county, at the unfortified market town of Wem. By the autumn, the Royalists had regained the initiative in the region but both Wem and Nantwich withstood repeated assaults. Early in 1644 Prince Rupert brought a large cavalry force to the area, ousted Ottley and set about reconquering Shropshire and Cheshire. The Royalists did well while he was present, but he was constantly diverted to other crises, and the Parliamentarians made steady gains when the pressure was off. An incident involving Sir Vincent Corbet, probably in the early summer, illustrates his continuing humanity and respect for family in a situation of now total war. Under a Parliamentary ordinance, 13 captured Irish soldiers had been hanged. Subsequently some parliamentarians were captured by Rupert's forces and he ordered 13 to be hanged as a reprisal.
He seems to have spent the summer and autumn of 1644 fighting to hold back the slow Parliamentarian advance while constantly hampered by lack of accurate information or clear stategy. A letter of 23 August reflects this constant chasing of rumours.
Parliamentary advance and victory.
Moreton Corbet Castle, Corbet's seat, was repeatedly damaged during the Civil War as it was one of the contested strongpoints between Wem and Shrewsbury. However, Corbet was not at home when it fell to Wem's small garrison in September 1644. The operation was led by William Reinking, a Dutch professional soldier retained by the Parliamentarians. Mounting one of the fortifications by surprise, five determined attackers made as much noise and confusion as possible, hurling hand grenades at the defenders to pen them indoors and convince them that a large force had broken in. The castle fell, with the loss of only one Parliamentarian and a huge quantity of arms and ammunition was taken.
The decline of Royalist control in the region now had a political and ideological, as well as a military, aspect. When Rupert and his brother Prince Maurice brought a large force, Bridgnorth refused to admit them and Much Wenlock refrused to supply food. This reflected increasing disenchantment at lower levels: when the Bridgnorth garrison tried to requisition supplies at Tong and Shifnal,
By the end of the year, groups of “clubmen” were operating in the south of Shropshire as a more organised response to the plunder and extortion practised by the soldiers.
When Maurice took away part of the Shrewsbury garrison to campaign in Cheshire in February 1645, the Parliamentary committee saw their chance. As Corbet was away on campaign, probably with Maurice, he avoided capture by Parliamentarians, who surprised a meeting of the county's commissioners of array at Apley Hall, home of Sir Thomas Whitmore, 1st Baronet, on 21 February and took them prisoner. The following day, soldiers lent by Brereton and commanded by Thomas Mytton were set to storm Shrewsbury. However, Reinking exploited an entrance provided by Sir William Owen, a former MP and tenant of the council house, and seized control with minimum bloodshed, opening the gates to the main force. Significantly, the Roundheads refrained from looting, as they considered the townspeople essentially well-disposed towards Parliament.
The Shrewsbury Foot, the infantry recruited by Corbet, were present at the decisive Battle of Naseby later in the year, although it is unlikely Corbet was with them. However, he is known to have been present in May 1646 at the siege of Bridgnorth, where he was accompanied by his relative, John Corbet, the son and heir of the Parliamentarian Sir John. The defenders retreated into the castle and Sir Thomas Wolryche, 1st Baronet ordered the town itself to be burnt to ground to deny it to the enemy, allegedly making more than 300 families homeless. The Royalist garrison were finally forced to come to terms as the Parliamentarians began to undermine the castle. The “Bridgnorth articles,” negotiated by deputations from both sides, allowed the garrison the choice of peace or exile. For Corbet, as for most of the others, it was to be peace, but at considerable cost.
Aftermath of war.
Corbet was compelled to compound for delinquency to regain his sequestrated estates. The fine was one-sixth of the value of the estates, assessed as £2,822. This was reduced by £433 in respect of Corbet's debts, which added up to £9,200. Despite the rebate and the relatively low rate of the levy under the Bridgnorth articles, this was still a large sum, if dwarfed by existing debts. Augusta Corbet, the family historian, characterises his later years as “greatly embittered by debt.” His problems were exacerbated by the difficulty in providing settlements for his five daughters, of whom four married.
Despite his difficulties, Corbet was said to be ready to help seize Shrewsbury for Charles II in 1654. However, he did not actively support the Royalist Penruddock uprising of March 1655.
Death.
Corbet died at the age of 39 at Exeter House, on the Strand, London on 28 December 1656. His body was returned to Moreton Corbet, where it was buried in St Bartholomew's church on 21 January 1657. His mother outlived him by about three months and was buried at Moreton Corbet in March.
Corbet had placed the estates under the management of trustees: his brither-in-law, Francis Thornes; his younger brother, Arthur; and Richard Baddeley, a friend. As his eldest surviving son and heir, Sir Vincent Corbet, 2nd Baronet, was well below the age of majority – probably 14 or 15 – the trustees now took over active management of the estates. Shortly before his death, Corbet had made an indenture committing the family lands in Buckinghamshire, to his trustees specifically to generate marriage portions for his daughters: £2000 for Elizabeth and £1000 each for the others. These estates were centred on the manor of Linslade, now in Bedfordshire, which had returned to Sir Vincent's control after the death of his grandmother and great-aunt, Judith Austin, in 1642. Thornes soon began to manipulate the management of the estates in a way that alienated the other trustees, who resigned, and the Corbet family, who went to the Court of Chancery for redress in 1659. They alleged that, as well as running the estates primarily for his own enrichment, Thornes had deliberately set the young Vincent against his mother, so that he now refused to see her. The issue seems to have dragged on unresolved. Thornes used his position to arrange the marriage of his own daughter, Elizabeth, to the young baronet, her first cousin.
Marriage and family.
"Alumni Oxonienses" asserts that Corbet obtained a licence to marry Jane Acton, daughter of John Acton, citizen and goldsmith on 15 July 1642. However, when he married, it was to Sarah Monson, daughter of Sir Robert Monson (died 1638), of North Carlton, a short distance NNW of Lincoln. Sir Robert was a litigious former MP for Lincoln, suspected of Recusant sympathies. An important landowner in both Lincolnshire and Yorkshire, he was predeceased by his only son, leaving Sarah and her four sisters as co-heiresses. Lady Sarah Corbet long outlived her husband and was created Viscountess Corbet for life in 1679. Shortly after, with most of her children dead, she married for the second time, to Sir Charles Lee of Edmonton, Middlesex. She She died in 1682 and was buried at Edmonton on 10 June. Lee died and was buried in the same place in 1700.
The children of Sir Vincent and Lady Sarah Corbet were mostly born during the Civil War or its immediate aftermath: unlike earlier generations, their christenings are not included in the Moreton Corbet parish register. They were:
References.
Corbet, Augusta Elizabeth Brickdale (undated, c.1920): The family of Corbet; its life and times, St Catherine Press, accessed 21 November 2013 at Internet Archive.
Coulton, Barbara, 2010: Regime and Religion: Shrewsbury 1400-1700, Logaston Press ISBN 978 1 906663 47 6.
Gough, Richard, 1701: Antiquities & Memoirs of the Parish Of Myddle, County Of Salop, A.D. 1700. Accessed 22 November 2013 at openlibrary.org.
Grazebrook, George and Rylands, John Paul (editors), 1889: The visitation of Shropshire, taken in the year 1623: Part II by Robert Tresswell, Somerset Herald, and Augustine Vincent, Rouge Croix Pursuivant of arms; marshals and deputies to William Camden, Clarenceux king of arms. With additions from the pedigrees of Shropshire gentry taken by the heralds in the years 1569 and 1584, and other sources. Accessed 21 November 2013 at openlibrary.org.
Horton, T. R. (transcriber ), Fletcher, W. G. D. (editor): The Registers of Moreton Corbet, Shropshire, 1580-1812, Parish Register Society, 1901, accessed 21 November 2013 at Internet Archive.
Lincoln's Inn: Records of the Honorable Society of Lincoln's Inn, Volume I, Admissions 1420-1729, accessed 21 November 2013 at Internet Archive.
Phillips, William, 1894: "The Ottley Papers relating to the Civil War", in Transactions of the Shropshire Archaeological and Natural History Society, 2nd series, vol. VI, 1894, p. 27-78 accessed 22 November 2013 at Internet Archive.
Sherwood, Roy, 1992: The Civil War in the Midlands 1642-1651, Alan Sutton Publishing, ISBN 0 7509 0167 5.

</doc>
<doc id="30939024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939024" title="2011 Cricket World Cup statistics">
2011 Cricket World Cup statistics

This is a list of statistics for the 2011 Cricket World Cup.
Team statistics.
Highest team totals.
The following table lists the ten highest team scores during this tournament.
Batting statistics.
Highest scores.
This table contains the top ten highest scores of the tournament made by a batsman in a single innings.
Bowling statistics.
Most wickets.
The following table contains the ten leading wicket-takers of the tournament.
Best bowling figures.
This table lists the top ten players with the best bowling figures in the tournament.
Fielding statistics.
Most dismissals.
This is a list of the wicketkeepers who have made the most dismissals in the tournament.
Most catches.
This is a list of the outfielders who have taken the most catches in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="30939045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939045" title="1959 TANFL season">
1959 TANFL season

The 1959 Tasmanian Australian National Football League (TANFL) premiership season was an Australian Rules football competition staged in Hobart, Tasmania over eighteen (18) roster rounds and four (4) finals series matches between 28 March and 19 September 1959. 
Participating Clubs.
TANFL Under-19's Grand Final.
State Schools Old Boys Football Association (SSOBFA) 
State Preliminary Final.
(Saturday, 19 September 1959) 
State Grand Final.
(Saturday, 26 September 1959) 
Note: Hobart (TANFL guernseys) and Burnie (NWFU guernseys) wore alternate strips due to a guernsey clash.
Intrastate Matches.
Jubilee Shield (Saturday, 9 May 1959) 
Jubilee Shield (Saturday, 6 June 1959) 
Interstate Matches.
Interstate Match (Saturday, 20 June 1959) 
Interstate Match (Wednesday, 24 June 1959) 
1959 TANFL Ladder.
Round 1.
(Saturday, 28 March. Monday, 30 March & Saturday, 4 April 1959) 
Round 2.
(Saturday, 11 April 1959) 
Round 3.
(Saturday, 18 April 1959) 
Round 4.
(Saturday, 2 May 1959) 
Round 5.
(Saturday, 9 May 1959) 
Round 6.
(Saturday, 16 May 1959) 
Round 7.
(Saturday, 23 May 1959) 
Round 8.
(Saturday, 30 May 1959) 
Round 9.
(Saturday, 13 June & Monday, 15 June 1959) 
Round 10.
(Saturday, 20 June & Saturday, 27 June 1959) 
Round 11.
(Saturday, 4 July 1959) 
Round 12.
(Saturday, 11 July 1959) 
Round 13.
(Saturday, 18 July 1959) 
Round 14.
(Saturday, 25 July 1959) 
Round 15.
(Saturday, 1 August 1959) 
Round 16.
(Saturday, 8 August 1959) 
Round 17.
(Saturday, 15 August 1959) 
Round 18.
(Saturday, 22 August 1959) 
First Semi Final.
(Saturday, 29 August 1959) 
Second Semi Final.
(Saturday, 5 September 1959) 
Preliminary Final.
(Saturday, 12 September 1959) 
Grand Final.
(Saturday, 19 September 1959) 
Source: All scores and statistics courtesy of the Hobart Mercury and Saturday Evening Mercury (SEM) publications.

</doc>
<doc id="30939059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939059" title="Alexander Trishatny">
Alexander Trishatny

Alexander Iosifovich Trishatny () (1870 — after 1920) — a Russian right wing politician, one of the founders and leaders of the Union of the Russian People ("URP"), a loyalist right-wing nationalist party, the most important among Black-Hundredist monarchist and antisemitic political organizations in the Russian Empire of 1905–1917; Deputy Chairman of URP, member of its first Board, one the authors of the URP Charter. Concurrently, in 1905 was a leader of URP peripheral branch in Yaroslavl.
Family.
Alexander Trishatny was born in 1870. A graduated engineer (university unknown). Collegiate secretary (title of X class; awarded to the best graduates of high school).
Date of disappearance for Alexander Trishatny is set by the last day when Sergei Trishatny was seen in Petrograd under the Cheka detention, because the protocols of Sergei's interrogations do not mention his brother Alexander as dead or wanted.
Union of Russian People.
Alexander Trishatny was one of the founders of the Union of the Russian People, who had set up their organization on in Petersburg. Trishatny was chosen as one of two deputy chairmen of the URP, and was an organizer of an extensive regional network of URP local branches throughout the whole Russian Empire. It was on when Trishatny with I. N. Katzaurov set up the first URP peripheral city branch in Yaroslavl. Alexander Dubrovin, the URP chairman says about 60 peripheral party branches set up at the start-up period through the country to the efforts of Trishatny.
On Alexander Trishatny attended, in a delegation of his party, the reception of czar Nicholas II. At this reception Trishatny gave a speech having read out a letter to the czar from the URP members of Yaroslavl, as a leader of this branch. The central point of this address to Nicholas II was a question, whether he shall preserve the foundations of autocracy in Russia. It is said, that the czar answered that "soon the sun of truth will shine over Russia and new laws will be issued that shall soothe everybody and dispel all doubts."
Alexander Trishatny is also named among those who wrote the Charter of the URP. In October 1906 Trishatny developed a guidance document "Programme of organizational activities for the members of the Union of Russian People" ().
The organizational structure he proposed (and later, introduced) was a paramilitary network. Each 10 members composed "desyatka" ("ten") which was a primary unit under the command of desyatnik. Each 10 "tens" constituted a sotnya ("hundred") subordinated to sotnik; each 10 "hundreds" constituted a tysyacha ("thousand") subordinated to tysyachnik (modernized word tysyatsky).

</doc>
<doc id="30939061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939061" title="Oikeutta eläimille">
Oikeutta eläimille

Oikeutta eläimille ("Justice for Animals") is a Finnish animal rights organisation. Founded in 1995, the group engages in lecturing, demonstrations, distributing flyers and other grassroots activism, as well as civil disobedience. In recent years, the organisation has published photographs and videos from undercover investigations of Finnish pig, poultry and fur farms. The images have been widely circulated in the Finnish media, sparking public outrage and calls for the resignation of the Minister of Agriculture, Sirkka-Liisa Anttila. Oikeutta eläimille has also reported several fur farms to the police, and urged Finland to follow the example of fellow Nordic countries Denmark and Sweden and ban fur farming.

</doc>
<doc id="30939070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939070" title="Puthia Raj family">
Puthia Raj family

The Puthia Raj family was created by the Mughals in the early seventeenth century and is one of the oldest feudal estates of Bengal.
A lord named Nilambar received the title of Raja ("King") from the Emperor Jahangir (reigned 1605-1627 CE). In 1744, the region was divided between King Nilambar's sons and the Puthia Raj family was born. The family built lavish palaces and temples, such as the Puthia Temple Complex, and were noted philanthropists. Later the Puthia Raj estate was maintained by Lahiris until the abolition of the zamindari system under the newly formed democratic Government of East Pakistan after passing of the East Bengal State Acquisition and Tenancy Act of 1950, just two years after the fall of the British Raj. The palaces are currently administered by the Government of Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="30939071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939071" title="John Hopkins (composer)">
John Hopkins (composer)

John Hopkins (born in 1949, at Polegate in East Sussex) is a British composer.
Education.
Hopkins studied at University College Cardiff. There his teachers included Alun Hoddinott and Arnold Whittall. He also took composition lessons with Peter Maxwell Davies. He graduated in 2000 from University of Sussex with a D.Phil.
Career.
Hopkins was elected as a regional composer-in-residence by the Eastern Arts Association (now Arts Council England East) in 1979. After several teaching positions, he is now co-ordinator of Practice-Based Studies at the Faculty of Music (University of Cambridge), and Director of Studies for Music at Homerton College, Cambridge.
Works.
His "For the Far Journey" (1981) was commissioned and premièred by the Geminii Ensemble and has been described as illustrating characteristics of Hopkin's music, namely 'attractive textures and effective pacing'. "White Winter, Black Spring" is a composition for two voices and large instrumental ensemble; Hopkins used poems by Robert Lowell for this work commissioned by the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="30939080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939080" title="AurA">
AurA

AurA Was a rock band formed in April 2007 in Worcestershire, England.
The line up was Dave Small (Vocals), Jamie Guggenheim (Guitar), Blake Probert (Bass), and Jesse Lee Garcia (Drums/percussion)
Background.
AurA performed and wrote their own original material written by main songwriter Dave Small (Vocals) with input from various other band members, they also performed songs by artists who had inspired and influenced them in their band style of 1960s/1970s classic rock and blues. Achievements included sharing the bill with the likes of Walter Trout, Wishbone Ash, Hayseed Dixie and Rose Hill Drive; 
While supporting Stan webbs Chicken Shack at Stourbridge rock café 2000 they were spotted by a promoter who wanted a young act to support Status Quo They played before 5,000 people at an open air concert at Dudley Castle in 2007 They also toured Holland, Germany, Belgium and France on a band exchange scheme organised by the Worcestershire Arts Trust A video of the band playing on Dutch radio can be found here: http://www.myspace.com/video/vid/29716280 They also performed on stage with Robert Plant at a tribute concert to honour the late Chicken Shack/Honeydrippers drummer Keith (Bev) Smith in September 2007 In March 2008 they were asked to perform as part of the support acts for Velvet Revolver during the Wolverhampton & Birmingham
legs of their Rock n' Roll As It Should Be tour with Pearl Aday adopted daughter of Meatloaf.
They were booked to appear at the Albert Hall and Download Festival 2008 ; But before these last two events on Friday 28 March 2008 the band officially announced they were splitting up.
BBC Sessions.
AurA were featured many times on BBC Introducing with Andrew Marston in 2007 including a live session on BBC introducing see http://www.bbc.co.uk/herefordandworcester/content/articles/2008/03/16/aura_group.shtml and 2008 as well as on BBC Introducing WM with Brett Birks and Louise Brierley, being interviewed and playing live in session see http://www.bbc.co.uk/blackcountry/content/articles/2008/01/11/aura_feature.shtml There is a BBC Artist page featuring their achievements here :
Studio Recordings.
Their debut five-track EP Freedom was recorded with music guru Gavin Monaghan at his Magic Garden Studios Wolverhampton (The Editors, Ocean Colour Scene Scott Matthews, The Twang).
Post Break-up Activity.
After the breakup in 2008 Jamie Guggenheim, Jesse Lee Garcia and Blake Probert formed the band Ananukis and lead singer and principle songwriter Dave Small after a short spell playing drums and percussion and recording with Gwyn Ashton on his 'Two-Man Blues Army' album project. then formed the band Naked Remedy in early 2009 with Tom Callinswood, Nav Sahota and Jack Ryland-Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="30939093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939093" title="Kukshi (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Kukshi (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Kukshi Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the 79 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Madhya Bharat state. It is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled tribes from its incepbftion.
Overview.
Kukshi (constituency number 198) is one of the 7 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Dhar district. This constituency covers the Kukshi nagar panchayat and part of Kukshi tehsil of the district.
Kukshi is part of Dhar Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Sardarpur, Gandhwani, Manawar, Dharampuri, Dhar and Badnawar in this district and Dr. Ambedkar Nagar-Mhow in Indore district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As a constituency of Madhya Bharat:
As a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30939127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939127" title="Helmhaus Hotel">
Helmhaus Hotel

The Helmhaus Hotel is a 4-Star-Hotel in Zurich, and it is one of the oldest and most traditional hospitality locations in the history of the city. As of 2014 it is the smallest and most central 4-Star-Hotel of Zurich.
History.
Origin.
The Hotel takes its name from the nearby Helmhaus which was used as a judiciary and execution place during the Middle Ages.
In the history books the building was first mentioned as inn in 1356 under the name "Hie zum Rosslyn" (Hier zum Rössli). It was a fiefdom of the Fraumünster Abbey. The owner was staying in Zurich on orders of the Abbott of Einsiedeln.
15th and 16th Century.
One of the many innkeepers of the Zum Rosslyn was Oswald Reinhart (or: Osswald Reinhard) from Kempten in the Allgäu (today's south of Germany). In 1468 Oswald Reinhart obtained the citizenship of the City of Zurich. In 1487 he took over the inn of the Zum Rosslyn, together with his wife Elisabetha Wunzürn (or: Elssbetha Wynzürnin).
Reinhart's daughter Anna Reinhart (or: Anna Reinhardt, Anna Reinhard) who spent a part of her childhood at the Zum Rosslyn, lived together from 1522 with the reformer and priest Ulrich Zwingli (or: Huldrich Zwingli). His statue can be seen in front of the Wasserkirche (Water Church) next to the Helmhaus.
On 2 April 1524 both got married at the Grossmünster Church of Zurich. Anna Reinhart was the first clergyman's wife of Switzerland, and she was very committed to improve the conditions under which the poor of Zurich were living. A brass plate at the facade of the hotel commemorates her.
During the Zürcher Bildersturm of 1524 (a "Bildersturm" was part of the reformation where paintings, sculptures and church windows depicting Christ and saints, and sometimes even organs were removed from European churches) Rudolf Koch, high ranking clergyman of the Grossmünster Church had the famous altar paintings of Hans Leu the Elder brought to the Zum Rosslyn, on the initiative of Zwingli, to save them from destruction. At the beginning of the 20th century they were re-discovered by coincidence during renovation works and can be seen today at the Swiss National Museum.
Today.
From 1833 the building was part of the Hôtel du Lac near the Limmat River - today it houses an Italian restaurant. 1935 the house was transferred into a commercial and residential building which housed the Café Sultan on the ground floor. In 1961 a further modification to the Hotel Garni Mondial was done.
In 1970 the hotel was bought by the Swiss family Mengis and Weibel who christened it Helmhaus, and with it continues the 650-years-old tradition of Swiss hospitality.
Extensive renovations since then included the adding of a fifth floor with five design rooms and the insertion of wooden floors in all rooms. The latest extensive refurbishments were made between 2008 and 2012.
The hotel has now 24 rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="30939135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939135" title="John Schnitzer">
John Schnitzer

Sergeant John P. Schnitzer (1854 – October 26, 1904) was an American soldier and wagoner in the U.S. Army who served with both the 23rd U.S. Infantry and 6th U.S. Cavalry in the New Mexico Territory during the Apache Wars. He was awarded the Medal of Honor, along with First Lieutenant Wilber Wilder, for rescuing a fellow soldier under heavy fire while fighting the Apache at Horseshoe Canyon on April 23, 1882, which he received fourteen years later.
Biography.
John P. Schnitzer was born in Kempten, Bavaria in 1854. He later emigrated to the United States and lived in New York City, New York until enlisting in the United States Army in the 1880s. Taking part in the military campaigns against the Plains Indians, he saw considerable action with the 4th U.S. Cavalry, in which he was also a wagoneer for Troop G, during the Apache Wars in the New Mexico Territory. On April 23, 1882, his patrol came under attack by a hostile band of Apache Indians at Horseshoe Canyon. When one of his comrades, Private Edward Leonard, was wounded in the fight he and First Lieutenant Wilber Wilder risked their lives under heavy enemy fire to rescue him. Both men were awarded the Medal of Honor for their actions, Schnitzer being awarded his fourteen years after the incident.
On June 8, 1885, while serving with the 23rd U.S. Infantry Regiment, Schnitzer was again cited for heroism in a battle with the Chiricahua Apache in Guadeloupe Canyon on the New Mexico-Arizona territorial border. He and several other members of the 23rd Infantry's H Company were attacked while guarding a U.S. Army supply train. Three men were killed in the fighting and the Apache succeeded in seizing much ammunition and army rations. Schnitzer managed to escape carrying his mortally wounded sergeant out of the canyon while "under heavy fire within a short distance of the hostile Indians concealed in the rocks". Schnitzer remained in the New Mexico Territory until his death at Fort Bayard on October 26, 1904, at the age 50. Some sources list his date of death as 1906, although the former date is on his tombstone. He and fellow Apache War veteran Alonzo Bowman are the only two MOH recipients buried at Fort Bayard National Cemetery.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Wagoner, Troop G, 4th U.S. Cavalry. Place and date: At Horseshoe Canyon, N. Mex., 23 April 1882. Entered service at:--. Birth: Bavaria. Date of issue: 17 August 1896. 
Citation:
Assisted, under a heavy fire, to rescue a wounded comrade.

</doc>
<doc id="30939144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939144" title="Ján Novota">
Ján Novota

Ján Novota (born 29 November 1983) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Austrian Football Bundesliga club Rapid Wien.
Novota made his national team debut against Montenegro on 23 May 2014 (2-0 win).

</doc>
<doc id="30939145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939145" title="Holice (band)">
Holice (band)

Holice (pron. HOL-ISS) are a Merseyside based electro-pop band consisting of Chris Oakley, Stephen Davies and Sarah Owen. Holice have recorded one studio album to date. They will feature a song on the last "Twilight" film, "Breaking Dawn".
Career.
Stephen and Chris met at drama group, and one day Stephen found Sarah on a set of stairs in Liverpool. He introduced her to Chris and they have been recording songs and filming videos their own way ever since.
Their debut single "Make the Night Worthwhile" was recorded in 2008 and released later that year. It wasn't very good, neither are the band. They aren't liked within local circles, often seen as arrogant and up themselves as well as being over opinionated on all manner of menial things while trying to come across as intellectual.
Notable influences for the band include Prince, U2, New Order, Pet Shop Boys, Biz Markie, The Killers and The Beatles.
In June 2010, Holice announced they would be recording a track entitled "The Hoo Song" for the blockbuster motion picture "Breaking Dawn", which is the final installment in the Twilight Saga.
In 2011, the band pledged to raise at least £4,000 for the Help for Heroes charity by donating a week’s worth of proceeds from their single So Beautiful. Sadly, proceeds only amounted £15.36.
Stephen has featured in several television shows including "Emmerdale", "Coronation Street", "Shameless" and "Hollyoaks".
Films include "Dancing thru the Dark", "Back Door Angels 9", "Blonde Fist" and "The Iron Lady" with Meryl Streep and Richard E Grant.
In July 2011 the band announced singer Louise (Loopy) Littler was to join the band as their new lead singer. Loopy's vocal work brought some sort of magic and in July when their single "Release" came out it was instantly picked up and put into rotation throughout many major high street brands in store radio stations and music feeds.
Holice are also talking with the writers of a new Sky One comedy drama, currently with the working title "Sitting", to write and record the theme tune.
Cold Communications.
Holice are signed to Cold Communications, which was set up by Chris specifically to help promote Holice.
References.
<references http://www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/liverpool-news/local-news/2010/06/14/merseyside-electro-pop-band-asked-to-record-track-for-twilight-movie-breaking-dawn-100252-26645827/>
<references http://www.coldcommunications.com/music/much-ado-about-holice.html/>
<references http://www.holice.co.uk/ste-in-new-meryl-streep-film/>
<references http://www.runcornandwidnesweeklynews.co.uk/runcorn-widnes-news/runcorn-widnes-breaking-news/2010/06/15/halton-electro-pop-band-holice-asked-to-record-track-for-twilight-movie-breaking-dawn-55368-26656299/>
<references http://www.runcornandwidnesweeklynews.co.uk/runcorn-widnes-news/runcorn-widnes-local-news/2011/01/13/widnes-elctro-pop-band-holice-to-donate-profits-to-help-for-heroes-55368-27972790/>
<references http://www.runcornandwidnesweeklynews.co.uk/entertainment-runcorn-widnes/2011/07/14/halton-band-holice-unveil-louise-littler-as-new-lead-singer-59067-29044985/>

</doc>
<doc id="30939156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939156" title="Tebo Regency">
Tebo Regency

Tebo is a regency of Jambi, Indonesia. It has an area of 6,461 km² and population of 257,267 as of 2009.It contains 12 "kecamatan" and 101 "desa" and "kelurahan". The capital lies at Muara Tebo.

</doc>
<doc id="30939169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939169" title="Marco Dall'Aquila">
Marco Dall'Aquila

Marco Dall'Aquila (c.1480-after 1538) was a Venitian lutenist and composer known for musical forms called polyphonic ricercars. He was born in L'Aquila but lived and worked in Venice. He often performed at concerts in the houses of nobles in the city, and in 1505 he published "Tabullatura et rasone de metter ogni canto in liuto". 
On 11 March 1505, Dall'Aquila also received a grant for a petition where he claimed to have developed a method of printing tablature which he could use to score any lute composition into tablature. In the petition for the grant, he also asked for a ban on other printing methods and imports of music scored by other methods, and for a portion of penalties paid for infringement. However, no printed editions demonstrating his method survive.
Works.
Dall'Aquila's music is widely available as recordings by contemporary lutenists. Selected works include:

</doc>
<doc id="30939173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939173" title="Institute for Envrionmental and Technology Law">
Institute for Envrionmental and Technology Law

The Institute for Environmental and Technology Law (German: Institut für Umwelt- und Technikrecht (IUTR)), established in 1989, is a central academic institution of the University of Trier. The Institute is specialized in research and teaching in the fields of environmental law and technology law.

</doc>
<doc id="30939185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939185" title="Bolpebra">
Bolpebra

Bolpebra is a small Bolivian town on the border tripoint with Peru and Brazil, in the Pando Department on the banks of the Acre River. The name of the town is actually a portmanteau of the three countries’ names, Bolivia, Peru and Brazil. The population of Bolpebra is about 400 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="30939186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939186" title="South African Class 10A 4-6-2">
South African Class 10A 4-6-2

The South African Class 10A 4-6-2 of 1910 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Transvaal.
In 1910 the Central South African Railways placed ten Class 10-2 4-6-2 Pacific type steam locomotives in service, of which five were built with and five without superheaters. In 1912, when the five non-superheated locomotives were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and reclassified to Class 10A.
Manufacturer.
Ten heavy Pacific type passenger locomotives, designed by Central South African Railways (CSAR) Chief Mechanical Engineer (CME) G.G. Elliot and based on the Class 10 design of his predecessor, CSAR Chief Locomotive Superintendent P.A. Hyde, were ordered from the North British Locomotive Company (NBL) and delivered in 1910. They had plate frames, Belpaire fireboxes and Walschaerts valve gear and were delivered in two variants, five of them using saturated steam while the rest were superheated. They were all classified as Class 10-2 by the CSAR, numbered in the range from 665 to 674, and entered service in March 1910.
Characteristics.
The Class 10A locomotives were similar to the Class 10, except that their boilers were arranged further forwards and their firebox throats and back plates were sloped instead of being vertical. Like the Class 10, they had driving wheels, the largest yet used in South Africa.
While the Class 10 had outside admission valves, the Class 10A used inside admission piston valves. The valve gear was reversed by means of a vertical steam reversing engine placed on the right-hand running board in line with the steam dome. Two Trevithick exhaust steam feedwater heaters were mounted on the running boards on either side of the smokebox, and a Weir’s feedwater pump was mounted on the left-hand side of the firebox. The feedwater heaters and the feedwater pump were removed after a few years since the feedwater heaters proved to be troublesome.
Reclassification.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act, enacted by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the Cape Government Railways, the Natal Government Railways and the CSAR, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the South African Railways (SAR) came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
When they were assimilated into the SAR in 1912, the five saturated steam locomotives, numbered in the range from 665 to 669, were reclassified as Class 10A and renumbered in the range from 747 to 751. The five superheated locomotives were designated Class 10B.
Watson standard boilers.
In the 1930s many serving locomotives were reboilered with a standard boiler type designed by then CME A.G. Watson as part of his standardisation policy. Such Watson Standard reboilered locomotives were reclassified by adding an "R" suffix to their classification.
All five of the Class 10A locomotives were eventually reboilered with Watson Standard no. 1 boilers. Since the original difference between the Class 10A and Class 10B lay only in the fact that their respective boilers were constructed without or with superheaters, distinction between the two types became unnecessary after reboilering and the reboilered Class 10A locomotives were reclassified to Class 10BR along with similarly reboilered Class 10B locomotives.
An obvious visual difference between an original and a Watson Standard reboilered locomotive is usually the rectangular regulator cover just to the rear of the chimney on the reboilered locomotive. In the case of the Class 10BR locomotives an even more obvious visual difference was the absence of the Belpaire firebox hump between the cab and boiler on the reboilered locomotives.
Service.
The Class 10A was placed in service hauling passenger trains out of Johannesburg. In service, it was found that the superheated Class 10B sister locomotives could handle almost 25% more load than the saturated steam Class 10A, so much so that double heading passenger trains in the Orange Free State became unnecessary with the Class 10B.
The Class 10A was therefore soon taken off mainline passenger service and put to good use on suburban work. After reboilering and reclassification to Class 10BR, most of the rest of their working lives were spent on the Cape Midlands system, where they were used on the mainline out of Port Elizabeth.
Two worked as station pilots at Kimberley, but in 1960 they joined the rest of the Class that were by then working the suburban between Port Elizabeth and Uitenhage. In later years they again served on the Reef’s suburban routes while a few were used in the same service around Cape Town, until they were eventually relegated to shunting work. They were scrapped in 1974.
Service illustrated.
The main picture shows Class 10BR (ex Class 10A) number 751, ex CSAR Class 10-2 number 669.

</doc>
<doc id="30939189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939189" title="Choi Jin-soo">
Choi Jin-soo

Choi Jin-Soo (; born 17 June 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for FC Anyang in K League Challenge.
Career.
Choi Jin-Soo was selected by Ulsan Hyundai in 2010 K-League Draft. Choi made his K-League debut against Pohang Steelers, coming on as a substitute in the 1–1 draw on 5 May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30939202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939202" title="Leucopogon lanceolatus">
Leucopogon lanceolatus

Leucopogon lanceolatus the Lance Beard-heath is a common shrub found in eastern Australia. Found on a variety of soil types and habitats in eucalyptus woodland or forest. However, it is rare in Tasmania. 
Two sub-species are recognised; "var. gracilis" and "var lanceolatus".
In 1793 this species first appeared in the scientific literature as "Styphelia lanceolata" in A specimen of the botany of New Holland published by James Edward Smith. And later published in 1810, in the "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae" as "Leucopogon lanceolatus", authored by the prolific Scottish botanist, Robert Brown.
Description.
A bushy shrub to 3 metres tall. Leaves are 6 to 34 mm long, 1.3 to 5.5 mm wide, often with three or five parallel leaf veins. Leaves are usually not toothed, though there may be some serrations towards the leaf tip. The same colour green below as above the leaf. White flowers on spikes may appear in all months apart from January. The (edible) red fruit are a drupe, 2 or 3 mm in diameter, hairless and smooth surfaced.

</doc>
<doc id="30939209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939209" title="Quiet Please, Murder">
Quiet Please, Murder

Quiet Please, Murder is a 1943 drama directed by John Larkin, starring George Sanders, Gail Patrick and Richard Denning. Based on the short story "Death Walks in Marble Halls" by Lawrence G. Blochman that appeared in "American Magazine" (Sep 1942). The film is also known under the title "Death from the Sanskrit".
Plot summary.
Jim Fleg, a book thief/forger, sells a fake book to a Nazi through Myra Blandy, a female agent.

</doc>
<doc id="30939221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939221" title="Grange, County Tipperary">
Grange, County Tipperary

Grange is a village near Clonmel in County Tipperary, Ireland.
History.
In 1829, a catholic church was established in the village. In 1857, a school was established adjacent to the church. Separate boys' and girls' schools used the same building, and were headed by Thomas Hackett and his wife, Bridget, respectively. In 1932, school principal James Mulcahy combined the boys' and girls' schools. In January 1967, the school was amalgamated with the national school in Garnavilla, with 19 students moving to Grange School.
Sport.
The village is served by Ballybacon-Grange GAA, an intermediate hurling team in the Gaelic Athletic Association.

</doc>
<doc id="30939244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939244" title="Kaur Regency">
Kaur Regency

Kaur is a regency of Bengkulu, Indonesia, on the island of Sumatra. It has an area of 2369.05 km² and population of 110,428 as of 2009. The capital lies at Bintuhan.

</doc>
<doc id="30939245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939245" title="Joe Wark">
Joe Wark

Joe Wark (born 9 October 1947) is a Scottish former professional footballer who spent his entire professional career with Motherwell, making 464 appearances in the Scottish Football League.
Wark suffers from dementia and takes part in the Remember Well project, run by North Lanarkshire Council, Motherwell F.C., NHS Lanarkshire and Alzheimer's Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="30939246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939246" title="Amy Harris (dancer)">
Amy Harris (dancer)

Amy Harris (born 1983) is an Australian ballet dancer, senior artist with The Australian Ballet.
Harris was born in Ararat, Victoria. She began classes in ballet, jazz and tap when she was three years old and started her Cecchetti training with Carole Oliver School of Ballet in Ballarat at the age of 10.
Harris started with The Australian Ballet School in 1999, aged 15. She then went on to join the Australian Ballet corps de ballet in 2002. Harris rose to the rank of coryphée in 2007 and she was appointed soloist in 2011. She won the Telstra People's Choice Award in both 2008 and 2010. For the 2010 competition, she started a Twitter blog following her life in the company. She won the 2012 Telstra Ballet Dancer Awards. 
Outside of ballet, Harris is a keen photographer, and is engaged to company member Jarryd Madden.

</doc>
<doc id="30939251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939251" title="Coccomyces clavatus">
Coccomyces clavatus

Coccomyces clavatus is a species of foliicolous fungus found on fallen phylloclades of "Phyllocladus alpinus" in New Zealand.
The ascocarps are angular, up to 0.8 mm in diameter, forming within pale yellow lesions. The asci have a broad apex and the paraphyses are unbranched. This species is very similar to "Coccomyces phyllocladi", found on the same host, and can only be distinguished by the smaller, clavate ascospores.

</doc>
<doc id="30939256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939256" title="Tuukka Tiensuu">
Tuukka Tiensuu

Tuukka Tiensuu is a Finnish TV-director, writer and producer. He is best known for the internationally successful Finnish TV-series "The Dudesons", "Kill Arman" and "The Dudesons in America".
Early career and MoonTV.
Tiensuu started his directing career on MoonTV in 1999, and worked for the company until 2003. His directorial works for the channel include the fashion show "Dresscode", the game shows "Overdose" and "Play", the adult entertainment show "Pornostara", and the literature show "Kirjarovio".
Rabbit Films and "The Dudesons".
In 2003 joined Rabbit Films and started working on the English-language version of the Finnish hit series "Extreme Duudsonit". The name was eventually changed to "The Dudesons" and Tiensuu was a co-creator, writer, segment-director and editor on the show. The series was launched in 2006 and it quickly became the most internationally successful Finnish TV-series of all time, airing in over 150 countries and spawning four seasons.
In 2006 Tiensuu also worked as a co-creator, writer and a director of cinematography and editing in "The Dudesons Movie", which was released theatrically in Finland. The film won the "Audience's Favorite movie award" in the Jussi-gaala 2006 (The Finnish Oscars).
In 2010 Tiensuu worked as a co-creator, producer, writer and a segment director in "The Dudesons in America", an MTV USA series which was budgeted at 6 million dollars.
Kill Arman.
In 2008 Tiensuu created "Kill Arman" together with Arman Alizad. This martial arts show spawned two seasons, written and directed by Tiensuu. It was distributed worldwide and it aired in over 100 countries. The series was nominated for the Best Finnish TV-show of the year in the 2010 Venla-gaala.
Other projects.
Tiensuu has also worked as a TV-commercial director for different production companies, such as Verse Productions, Rabbit Films and MoonTV. He has also directed many music videos for popular Finnish artists such as Indica, Paleface and Petri Nygård.

</doc>
<doc id="30939265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939265" title="Old Bavarian Donaumoos">
Old Bavarian Donaumoos

The Old Bavarian Donaumoos () is a former bog on the southern side of the Danube, southwest of Ingolstadt, Bavaria, in the Neuburg-Schrobenhausen district. The bog, drained from 1790 onwards, has now dropped 3 metres (9.8 ft) in surface level because of the drainage and associated environmental effects. The "Donaumoos" was once the largest bog in Southern Germany.
It is one of two former bogs named "Donaumoos", the other being the Swabian Donaumoos (), also predominantly located in Bavaria, between Ulm and Gundelfingen. Of the Bavarian bogs, the "Moose", 95 percent have been dried out, a trend the Bavarian government wishes to reverse by re-flooding some of the former bogs.
History.
The "Donaumoos" was formed after the last glacial period, which ended approximately 10,000 years ago, in the wet lowlands on the southern side of the Danube (). Over a period of time, peat was formed in the "Donaumoos" through the incomplete decomposing of plant materials. The peat formed at a rate of one millimetre per annum, to eventually reach a thickness of up to 10 metres in the "Donaumoos".
Up until 1790, the 180 square kilometres of the "Donaumoos" bog were mostly inaccessible. From 1790 onwards, under the initiative of Charles Theodore, Elector of Bavaria, the bog was systematically drained. 473 kilometres of canals were built to drain the "Donaumoos" and, alongside the straight canals, villages were formed. Living conditions in the "Moos" were however difficult and new settlers for the region were hard to find.
To compensate for the later problem, the Bavarian government relaxed its long-standing policy of not allowing non-Catholics to live in Bavaria. In 1802, it permitted 120 Mennonite families to settle in the Danube bogs. The new settlers were given numerous advantages, like subsidies, freedom from military service, tax-and rent-free use of the land for 10 years. Economic difficulties in the mid-1850s however forced the Mennonites to abandon their colony again and eventually emigrate to the United States.
Other Protestants - Lutherans and some reformed - settled in the Donaumoos to stay, however. As a result, in the 19th century there established three Protestant parishes in Karlshuld, Ludwigsmoos and Untermaxfeld, some of the very few existing in rural southern Bavaria before 1945. 
Apart from non-Catholics, the Bavarian government also recruited convicts to settle in the area.
The "Moos" was also home to one of Bavaria's most notorious criminals, Theo Berger (1941–2003), who was able to muster considerable support in the region during his four escape attempts from prison. Berger, who was the subject of a 1986 documentary, "Der Al Capone vom Donaumoos" (), was sent to a collective 137 years in jail and died in the Straubing prison in 2003.
Environmental impact.
The draining of the "Donaumoos" caused some drastic environmental side effects.
The dewatering of the peat causes mineralization and thereby a lowering of the level of the land. On average, one to two centimetres of height are lost annually. The dried-out peat becomes very fine and is prone to wind erosion. Additionally, in the early days, peat was used as a fossil fuel and mined in the "Donaumoos".
All this has resulted in a number of problems. The "Donaumoos" is now three metres lower than it was in 1790. Of the 180 square kilometres (69 sq mi) of the bog, 60 have disappeared altogether. The dewatering canals have to constantly be lowered because of the drop of the surface level. However, where the canals join the Danube, this process has its limitations. Drainage from the "Donaumoos" to the river has slowed down and, after heavy rains, large areas of the "Moos" are flooded.
In 1991, the "Donaumoos Zweckverband" was formed, a public organisation which has the "Regierungsbezirk" Upper Bavaria, the district Neuburg-Schrobenhausen, the communities of Königsmoos, Karlshuld, Karlskron and Pöttmes as well as the local water departments as its members. A development plan was passed in 2000 with the aim of achieving a number of goals by 2030. Part of the plan is to preserve the "Donaumoos" as a habitat for people as well as flora and fauna.
Of the original character of the "Moos", the peat bog, little is left. The remaining parts in the south and west of the "Donaumoos", where the peat is still up to four metres thick, is to be protected and resupplied with water. Agricultural use of this area will not be possible anymore after this.

</doc>
<doc id="30939272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939272" title="Sundar C Babu">
Sundar C Babu

Sundar C Babu is a music composer who composes music for Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu films in India. He is the son of an eminent Veena Vidhwan Dr.Chitti Babu and Sudakshina Devi and his brothers are Rangasai and Radhakrishnan. Under his father's guidance, Babu began his film composing in the year 2006 for the Malayalam film "Chacko Randaaman". However, he shot to fame with his Tamil debut in "Chithiram Pesuthadi" in the same year. The song "Vaala Meenukkum" became hugely popular among the masses and since then he has been composing for various films. His popularity in Telugu films began through the film "Shambo Shiva Shambo".

</doc>
<doc id="30939279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939279" title="Lebong Regency">
Lebong Regency

Lebong is a regency of Bengkulu, Indonesia, on the island of Sumatra. The capital lies at Muara Aman. Until 1966 it was part of South Sumatra.

</doc>
<doc id="30939284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939284" title="Raúl Aredes">
Raúl Aredes

Raúl Aredes (born December 14, 1965 in San Miguel, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played in clubs of Argentina, Chile, Mexico and Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="30939286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939286" title="Ian McAllister (footballer)">
Ian McAllister (footballer)

Ian McAllister (born 8 February 1960) is a Scottish former professional footballer who spent his entire professional career with Ayr United, making 405 appearances in the Scottish Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="30939299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939299" title="Seluma Regency">
Seluma Regency

Seluma is a regency of Bengkulu Province, Indonesia, on the island of Sumatra. The capital lies at Pasar Tais. It borders South Bengkulu Regency to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="30939302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939302" title="Cernusco">
Cernusco

Cernusco may refer to 2 Italian municipalities in Lombardy:

</doc>
<doc id="30939305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939305" title="TAB-63">
TAB-63

TAB-63 (Romanian: "Transportor Amfibiu Blindat model 1963", Amphibious Armoured Personnel Carrier model 1963) was an experimental Romanian prototype of an armoured personnel carrier. Basically, the Romanian engineers used the hull of a Soviet BTR-60P armoured personnel carrier and installed a number of Romanian auto parts in it. Although the design never entered production, the prototype represented the predecessor of the TAB-71 model.
History.
In April 1963, the National Defense Council decided to develop a prototype of an armoured personnel carrier equipped with Romanian automotive components. These auto parts were successively installed in the hull of a Soviet BTR-60P (also known as the GAZ-49) at different factories of the local automotive industry. The experimental prototype, designated T.A.B.-63, was equipped with two local-made SR-213 engines, two gearboxes, two transfer cases, two drive shafts, two power take-offs, brakes, hydraulic pumps, parts of the electric system, parts of the centralized tire air pressure control system and a number of support elements of the armoured hull.
The prototype underwent a grueling 15,000-kilometer drive in a military cross country circuit. The amphibious ability was tested for 26 hours. At the end of the tests, the Romanian military engineers stated that if the prototype was equipped with the suitable transmission, it had the same mobility of the BTR-60P model.
Although the TAB-63 never entered production, the experience gained during the development and assembling of this prototype was later used for the production of the TAB-71 armoured personnel carrier.

</doc>
<doc id="30939314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939314" title="HMAS Canberra (LHD 02)">
HMAS Canberra (LHD 02)

HMAS "Canberra" (LHD 02) is the first of two "Canberra" class landing helicopter dock (LHD) ships constructed for the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Construction of the ship started in Spain in 2008, with the hull launched by Navantia in 2011. The hull was then transported to Australia in late 2012 for completion by BAE Systems Australia. "Canberra" is predicted to commission into the RAN in 2014, and will be the largest ship ever operated by the RAN.
Design.
The "Canberra" class design is based on the warship "Juan Carlos I", built by Navantia for the Spanish Navy. The contract was awarded to Navantia and Australian company Tenix Defence following a request for tender which ran from February 2004 to June 2007, beating the enlarged "Mistral" class design offered by the French company Direction des Constructions Navales. "Canberra" has the same physical dimensions as "Juan Carlos I", but differs in the design of the island superstructure and the internal layout, in order to meet Australian conditions and requirements. Unlike the Spanish vessel, the Australian ships are built to meet Lloyd's Naval Rules.
The "Canberra" class vessels are long overall, with a maximum beam of , and a maximum draught of . At full load, "Canberra" will displace , making her the largest vessel to serve in the RAN. Propulsion is provided by two Siemens azimuth thrusters, each with an onboard electric motor, driving two diameter propellers. The electricity is provided by a Combined diesel and gas system, with a single General Electric LM2500 turbine producing , supported by two MAN 16V32/40 diesel generators providing . Maximum speed is over , with a maximum sustainable full-load speed of , and an economical cruising speed of . Economical range is .
Each ship is fitted with a Saab 9LV Mark 4 combat management system. The sensor suite includes a Sea Giraffe 3D surveillance radar, and a Vampir NG infrared search and track system. For self-defence, the LHDs will be fitted with four Rafael Typhoon 25 mm remote weapons systems (one in each corner of the flight deck), six 12.7 mm machine guns, an AN/SLQ-25 Nixie towed torpedo decoy, and a Nulka missile decoy. Defence against aircraft and larger targets is to be provided by escort vessels and air support from the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). The ships' companies will consist of 358 personnel; 293 RAN, 62 Australian Army, and 3 RAAF.
The LHDs will transport 1,046 soldiers and their equipment. "Canberra" will be capable of deploying a reinforced company of up to 220 soldiers at a time by airlift. Two vehicle decks (one for light vehicles, the other for heavy vehicles and tanks) have areas of and respectively, and between them can accommodate up to 110 vehicles. The well deck will carry up to four LCM-1E landing craft, which can be launched and recovered in conditions up to Sea State 4. The flight deck can operate six MRH-90-size helicopters or four Chinook-size helicopters simultaneously, in conditions up to Sea State 5. A mix of MRH-90 transport helicopters and S-70B Seahawk anti-submarine helicopters will be carried: up to eight can be stored in the hangar deck, and the light vehicle deck can be repurposed to fit another ten. The ski-jump ramp of "Juan Carlos I" has been retained for the RAN ships, although fixed-wing flight operations are not planned for the ships.
Construction.
Construction of "Canberra" began in September 2008, when the first steel was cut. The first three of 104 hull 'blocks' were laid down by Navantia at Ferrol in northern Spain on 23 September 2010. The hull was launched on 17 February 2011 by Vicki Coates, the widow of Rear Admiral Nigel Coates, a former commanding officer of the previous HMAS "Canberra".
After the completion of the hull up to the level of the flight deck, "Canberra" was transported to Williamstown, Victoria. "Canberra"s hull was floated onto the heavy lift ship on 4 August 2012, with "Blue Marlin" departing on 17 August. The heavy lift ship sailed via the Cape of Good Hope to avoid the risk of the ship and her cargo being hijacked by Somali pirates. The decision to avoid the shorter route via the Suez Canal and Horn of Africa was made because other options to protect "Blue Marlin" and "Canberra" were unworkable: the frigate could not be diverted from anti-piracy duties in the region to provide a dedicated escort, and Dutch authorities objected to the presence of armed military or security personnel aboard the Dutch-flagged heavy lift ship. "Canberra" and "Blue Marlin" arrived in Port Phillip on 17 October. At Williamstown, the installation of "Canberra"s island superstructure and the internal fitout of the hull was completed by BAE Systems Australia (which acquired Tenix in mid 2008).
The ship was officially christened on 15 February 2013. Although identified as "LHD01" during construction, "Canberra" will receive the pennant number "LHD 02" on commissioning; the pennant number corresponding to that used by the frigate of the same name. BAE continued to build the vessel in Melbourne, integrating C3 and sensors to the ship's superstructures. "Canberra" commenced sea trials on 3 March 2014, sailing under power for the first time. The trials program includes a visit to Fleet Base East in Sydney for drydocking tests, before returning to Williamstown for communications and weapons testing. The first phase of the trials resulted in vibration damage to decking when the thruster pods were run independently at high speed (instead of in tandem, as designed), and a melted circuit breaker board when primary and emergency power systems were activated simultaneously, along with the discovery of a crack in the hull from the delivery voyage, and excessively corroded propeller nuts. The second phase of the sea trials will begin in July, after repairs are made.

</doc>
<doc id="30939318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939318" title="Butterfly Garden, Grevenmacher">
Butterfly Garden, Grevenmacher

The Butterfly Garden or Jardin des Papillons is located in Grevenmacher in eastern Luxembourg. Owned by the Caves Bernard-Massard wine company, the indoor site presents hundreds of exotic butterflies in natural surroundings made up of an impressive diversity of plants. The Butterfly Garden is open every day from 9.30 am to 5 pm from April to mid-October. 

</doc>
<doc id="30939321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939321" title="2008 Gold Coast Titans season">
2008 Gold Coast Titans season

The 2008 Gold Coast Titans season was the 2nd in the club's history. They competed in the NRL's 2008 Telstra Premiership coached by John Cartwright and co-captained by Luke Bailey and Scott Prince. After 10 rounds of the premiership the Titans found themselves leading the competition with 7 wins from 9 games before slumping to finish the regular season 13th (out of 16) and failing to make the finals. Preston Campbell was awarded the Paul Broughton Medal for the club's player of the year.
Statistics.
"Source: NRL 2008 - Gold Coast Titans Summary"
Representative Honours.
The following players played a representative match in 2008.
Australian Kangaroos
Mate Ma'a Tonga
NSW Blues
NSW City Origin
NSW Country Origin
Queensland Maroons
Toa Samoa

</doc>
<doc id="30939330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939330" title="Bangaon (community development block)">
Bangaon (community development block)

Bangaon (community development block) is an administrative division in Bangaon subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Basirhat police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Bangaon.
Geography.
Chawberia, a constituent panchayat of Bangaon block, is located at .
Bangaon community development block has an area of 336.70 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Bangaon block/ panchayat samiti are: Akaipur, Chhaighoria, Gangrapota, Kalupur, Bairampur, Dharam Pukuria, Ghatbour, Palla, Chawberia I, Dighari, Gopalnagar I, Sundarpur, Chawberia II, Ganganandapur, Gopalnagar II and Tengra.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Bangaon block has a total population of 343,974 out of which 177,515 were males and 166,459 were females. Bangaon block registered a population growth of 16.83 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 22.40 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Bangaon block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination.

</doc>
<doc id="30939346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939346" title="Bhadra Dam">
Bhadra Dam

The Bhadra Dam, (Kannada language: ಭಧ್ರಾ ಆಣೇಕಟ್ಟು), which has created the Bhadra Reservoir (ಭಧ್ರಾ ಜಲಾಶಯ), is located on the Bhadra River () a tributary of Tungabhadra River in Chikkamagaluru district in Tarikere Taluk, in the western part of Karnataka in South India. The benefits derived from the reservoir storage are irrigation with gross irrigation potential of , hydro power generation of 39.2 MW (three powerhouses, located on the right and left bank main canals), drinking water supply and industrial use. The dam commissioned in 1965 is a composite earth cum masonry structure of height with length of at the crest level, which submerges a land area of .
Geography.
The Bhadra River rises at Samse in the Western Ghats Aroli hill range of Kudremukh range, and flows east across the Deccan Plateau. It is joined by its tributaries, the Somavahini (drains from a crater and meets Bhadra River at Hebbe), Thadabehalla, and Odirayanahalla. The river flows through the city of Bhadravathi and the Bhadra Wildlife Sanctuary. The Bhadra meets the Tunga River at Koodli, a small town near Shivamogga. The combined river continues east as the Tungabhadra, a major tributary of the Krishna, which empties into the Bay of Bengal. The Bhadra Dam is built across the Bhadra River, from Lakkavalli village and upstream of the confluence of the Bhadra River and Tungabhadra River. Shimoga city is located north of the dam. The Bhadra Dam drains a catchment area of out of which the forest area is , cultivable land is and fallow land is . The catchment and command areas of the project lie in Chikamagalur, Shimoga and Davanagere districts. A number of industries, urban and rural settlements dependent on assured water supply lie on the banks of the river and in the project command area; Kudremukh Iron Ore Company Ltd, the Mysore Paper Mills and Vishweshvarayya Iron and Steel Industries are the major industrial activity noted in the command area of the project. Fishing activities have also increased on the bank of the river; 81 fish species from 8 orders with 14 families are recorded as endemic to the Bhadra River.
The Bhadra River basin receives an average annual rainfall of 2320 mm with rainfall occurring during monsoon period (June to November). The rainfall is experienced both during the Southwest Monsoon and North East monsoon; inflow contribution is 82% from SW monsoon (June to September) and 18% from north-eastern monsoon (October to December). The annual yield assessed from a catchment area of at the dam site is 84.63 BCF (billion cubic feet) in a 75% dependable year. Based on recordings taken over a period of 25 years, it has an estimated annual mean evapotranspiration of 1,678 mm.
Project features.
The Bhadra Dam project was the irrigation scheme to be undertaken by the National Water Management Project (NWMP), with the aim of increasing agricultural prosperity, particularly for rice production. The dam was built to a height of (above the river bed level) between 1947 (start of construction) and 1965 (year of commissioning). It has a gross storage capacity of 2.025 km3, live storage of 63.00 BCF at full reservoir level and a dead storage of 8.50 BCF at RL (reservoir level) of . The storage created by the reservoir is according to the allocation of 61.70 BCF (1.747 km3 including direct evaporation of 0.14 km3) of water made under the Krishna Water Disputes Tribunal Award. The dam is built on a shattered rock based with a central masonry spillway. It has an earthen embankment on the left side and a rock hillock on the opposite side. The Ogee type spillway in the middle section of the river has been provided with four numbers of vertical lift gates over a width of and designed for a discharge of /s. In addition, two number river sluices are also provided to pass a discharge of /s. The annual siltation load considered in the design is 10.78 million cubic feet per square kilometer of catchment area. The canal outlets provided in the dam, initially for Hydropower generation followed by irrigation, consists of the left Bank canal outlet to discharge /s and two right bank canal outlets to pass a discharge of /s. There are several islands in the reservoir area which have been developed for tourism.
The reservoir created by the dam submerged 27 villages. The reservoir submergence extends to water stretch of /s upstream of the dam. 
During the flood season, flooding of the Bhadravathi town have been experienced when large flows were released from the dam.
The Left Bank Canal is designed to carry a discharge of /s, starting from the tail race of the left bank powerhouse provides irrigation facilities over its total length of . The Right Bank canal, originating from the tail race channel of the right bank powerhouse provides irrigation facilities through its length of the main canal of designed to carry a discharge of /s and its branch canal system of . Gross command area from the project is , cultivable command is and irrigated command and cropped area is . The soils encountered in the Right Bank Canal irrigation command consisted of Black Cotton Soils 8.5% and Red soil 93.5%, while on the Left Bank Canal command it comprises Black Cotton Soils 7.0% and Red soil 93%. 
The irrigation component of the project was planned to provide an annual cropping intensity of 200 percent to irrigate semi-dry crops in nearly 60 percent of the command area dominated by red loamy soils. Irrigated area spreads over Chitradurga, Shivamogga, Chikmagalur and Bellary districts comprising predominantly red loamy soils except in some portions of the right bank canal area which consist of Black Cotton soils. However, the actual cropping was predominately rice and also sugarcane and permanent gardens; 90% area on the left bank canal system and 60% area of the right bank canal system was dominated by rice. This practice resulted in heavy demand on water causing serious concerns on the irrigation system itself. Consequently, National Water Management Project (NWMP) was launched with the objective to "rehabilitate and provide more equitable, predictable and reliable irrigation service which could improve agricultural productivity and farm income". This project has resulted in substantial improvements in both the area brought under irrigation and consequent agricultural crop production. 
The water stored in the reservoir is diverted through the right and left bank power houses into the respective irrigation canal systems. The right bank powerhouse utilises the irrigation releases for power generation from two units of Kaplan-type turbine generators and one unit of 6MW capacity. The left bank powerhouse at the river bed utilizes the irrigation releases to generate power from two units of 12 MW capacity each and another power house on the left bank canal of one unit of 2 MW capacity. The three power stations together have a power generation capacity of 39.2 MW.
Environment and ecology.
The Bhadra River flows through the Bhadra Tiger Reserve and Wildlife Sanctuary and the Bhadra Reservoir is on its northern border. The sanctuary has rich avifauna such as Junglefowl, red spurfowl, Painted Bush-quail, emerald dove, southern Green Imperial Pigeon, great black woodpecker, Malabar Parakeet and hill myna. Reptiles reported in the river and the reservoir are the Marsh crocodiles and monitor lizards. Common otter and the Smooth Indian Otter, Gaurs, leopards are also commonly sighted fauna in the reserve. The wildlife can be viewed by taking a boat ride in the reservoir when Tyavarekoppa Lion and Tiger Safari and the Sakkrebyle Elephant camp can also be visited.
Marsh crocodiles are found all along the Bhadra River and more so after the river enters the sanctuary area and further flows through midst of the undisturbed moist deciduous forests till it joins the back waters of the reservoir of the Bhadra Dam.
The back water of the reservoir extends into the forest reserve which has "moist deciduous forest of the "Tectona-Dillenia-Lagerstroemia" series with patches of dry deciduous forest of the "Anogeissus–Tectona-Terminalia" type forests occurring in the northern fringes". A key ecological feature of the forest is the presence of five species of bamboos, three are profusely found in the reserve forests.
A study on ecological impact on native fish, fish habitat and riverine fisheries carried out by the Department of Studies in Environmental Science, University of Mysore in the downstream reaches of the Bhadra River indicate adverse changes in the hydrological regime and water quality which have affected fish catches (and livelihood of people dependent on fisheries), particularly, large fishes are affected. Thus, from ecological considerations maintaining a minimum river flow by releasing minimum water from the reservoir to the downstream of the river became essential.
The reservoir is also a popular venue for water sports activities like sailing, kayaking, water-cycling, water-trampoline and sport fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="30939350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939350" title="Coprosma perpusilla">
Coprosma perpusilla

Coprosma perpusilla, commonly known as Creeping Coprosma, is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae, or coffee family. It is found in Australia, New Zealand and on some subantarctic islands. The specific epithet comes from the Latin "per" (very) and "pusillus" (very small), referring to the growth habit.
Taxonomy.
When the "Coprosma pumila" complex was revised by Orchard in 1986, he resurrected "C. perpusilla" Colenso from synonymy with "C. pumila", recognising two subspecies – the nominate for the plants of New Zealand and Australia, with "C. perpusilla" ssp. "subantarctica" erected for the plants on the subantarctic islands.
Description.
Creeping Coprosma is a prostrate subshrub, with mat-forming stems 300–400 mm long, glabrous, and rooting at the nodes. The small lanceolate to ovate leaves are 4.5–7 mm long and 2–3.5 mm wide, crowded on short shoots. The sessile flowers occur in summer on erect branchlets, and range in colour from greenish white to orange-yellow with red flecks. The fruit is an ovoid drupe 4–6 mm long and yellow-orange to orange-red in colour.
Distribution and habitat.
The plant occurs in New Zealand, in Australia where it is native to the states of New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania, and to the subantarctic islands of Macquarie, Campbell, the Aucklands and the Antipodes. It grows in various habitats in alpine and subalpine regions. On Macquarie Island it has been adversely affected by rabbit grazing.

</doc>
<doc id="30939351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939351" title="Kathleen, Western Australia">
Kathleen, Western Australia

Kathleen is an abandoned town located between Leinster and Wiluna along the Goldfields Highway in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Gold was discovered in the area in 1897 and was originally referred to as Kathleen Valley by the locals since gold had been found in the valley area near the town. The townsite was eventually gazetted as in 1900, once the valley part of the name was dropped. 
A shop and butchers was opened in 1901 and by 1902 the town supported two hotels. One of the main mines in town was the "Yellow Aster" mine.

</doc>
<doc id="30939365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939365" title="Old Haltonians">
Old Haltonians

The Old Haltonian Association, which was founded by Lieutenant Colonel AFS Cardwell in 1925, was an important feature of the earliest years of the Royal Air Force’s Apprentice training at the No. 1 School of Technical Training. The objects of the Old Haltonian Association were to stimulate interest and comradeship between all ex-Halton Apprentices, to provide information on the progress and activities of ex-Apprentices for those still under training and to give each Aircraft Apprentice at Halton an insight into the functions of Service units. It was a flourishing activity with representatives on every RAF unit and in the aircraft industry who all submitted reports to the Association’s Halton Magazine on the doings of ex-Apprentices world wide. 
RAF Aircraft Apprentice Scheme.
The RAF Aircraft Apprentice Scheme was initiated by Lord Trenchard at the No. 1 School of Technical Training, RAF Halton in 1922. Initially started in 1920 at Halton camp, the site was not ready to accept apprentices until 1922 so the first 4 Entries were trained at 'RAF Cranwell'. Between 1922 and 1993, when the scheme ended with 155th Entry, over 40,000 young men known, more or less affectionately as Halton 'Brats' had graduated. Richie Waylens (155th) is officially the last apprentice to graduate from the apprentice scheme.
Old Haltonian revival.
The modern era of ex-Apprentice activity built up again during the 1970s having rather fallen away in the previous decade. A Golden Jubilee Reunion was held at Halton on 1 August 1970, organised by the station under the then Commandant, Air Commodore Bob Weighill, and it is famous for the first appearance of what became the Golden Oldies when ex-band members "borrowed" the existing Halton band’s instruments and put on a dazzling display. Then, in 1977, Charles Kimber (18th Entry) brought out his book, "Son of Halton" which undoubtedly aroused the interest of ex-Apprentices and Kimber became part of a group led by Douglas Henning (37th Entry) who organised a Reunion at Halton, including a Dinner for nearly 180 people, on 7 October 1978, but which was limited to members of Entries up to the 51st.
The following year, Douglas Henning and his team organised a Diamond Jubilee Reunion which took place on 27 September 1980. It was strongly supported by the Station under the leadership of Group Captain Owen Truelove and was a huge success with an estimated 3,500 attending and it set the pattern for all future Reunions. During that day, the RAF Halton Aircraft Apprentices Association was formed at an inaugural meeting under the Chairmanship of Douglas Henning. A Constitution was adopted and Group Captain Truelove became the first ex-officio President of the Association, a position that all succeeding Station Commanders have accepted to this day.
Halton magazine.
Several articles had been submitted for a Reunion souvenir which, alas, did not materialise but this stimulated the idea on the Station of reviving the Halton Magazine, dead now for nearly a decade. The Association keenly supported the production of a magazine, and the first Haltonian was finally published in the Summer of 1981 and included a report on the visit of Her Majesty The Queen to Halton the previous year. This prototype Haltonian was seen both as a means of communicating with the ex-Apprentice community as well as being a Station magazine, and the Association distributed copies to all its Members. However, in its glossy A4 format, it always struggled financially and in the Autumn of 1985, Bill Kelley (55th), who had previously co-ordinated ex-Apprentice input, took over the Haltonian as Editor for the Association and it was produced bi-annually in A5 format under Bill’s outstandingly successful leadership until July 2010. The editor's role passed to Stuart Morgan ([http://www.stuartmorgan.eu]), who joined as a craft apprentice of 202nd entry in January 1965. Stuart held the editor's role for two years until the end of July 2012.
Organisation.
The first Annual General Meeting of the RAF Halton Apprentices Association (Old Haltonians) was held on 19 October 1981. It was attended by over 125 Members, including the Association’s Patron, Air Vice Marshal Michael Armitage (56th) and the newly appointed President, one Group Captain Mike Evans (70th), who had taken over as Station Commander three weeks before. One of the major items of the first AGM was a resolution passed to support a campaign that had been mounted to re-instate the Apprentice "wheel" badge. The right to wear the "wheel" had been lost under the 1974 revision of the arrangements for the treatment of young airmen and apprentices under training. The campaign resulted in re-instatement of the "wheel" in time for the Graduation of the 134th Entry in September 1982. Another major item was the recommendation that further Reunions should be held at three-year intervals with the first Triennial Reunion held in 1983. 
When Group Captain Evans tour ended in November 1983, he observed the appropriate formal break from involvement in the business of the Council until in late 1985, Douglas Henning died suddenly, and he was invited to become Chairman of the Association, a post that Group Captain Mike Evans (70th entry) filled for 12 years until 1998.
During the first five years of the Association, the basic financial and management structure evolved, with the investment of Annual, 3-yearly and Life Membership subscriptions to ensure an income stream to fund the administration, laying down the organisational framework for Triennial Reunions, use of a very early – almost steam - computer to handle Membership records, ensuring that the Haltonian magazine was funded and distributed, co-ordinating the formation of Area and Entry branches which have formed the heart of the everyday activities of the ex-Apprentice community up to this day, and establishing a focus for welfare activities with the appointment of a Welfare Co-ordinator. Last but not least, a warm relationship with the Station, without whose support, it would have been impossible to operate, was developed and we are extremely fortunate to have been allowed to retain accommodation for our Office.
Even at the first AGM, there was an appreciation of the financial advantages that would accrue from charitable status and work was started to enable the Association to negotiate with the Charities Commission. The professional input to this work was made by Eric Wright, our Financial Adviser, and resulted in the much amended Second Issue of the Constitution which was adopted at the AGM of 1985 with the Objects of the Association amended to include the relief of need, hardship or distress amongst Members and their dependents. The award of Charity status was a major milestone in the life of the Association.
Members.
The oldest living member of the RAF Halton Apprentices Association (Old Haltonians) is John Rogers, who was born in October 1908, and who became a member of the 12th entry of apprentices in 1925. The oldest living member of the Association is awarded the honorary title "King Brat" as a mark of respect. John Rogers succeeded Richard Martin (6th entry, 1922) (Born: 12 October 1906, in Southfields, London/Died: 1 November 2010, in Kircaldy, Fife, aged 104) as King Brat.
The Patron of the "Old Haltonians" Association is Air Chief Marshal Mike Armitage (56th entry, Aircraft Apprentices) and the Vice-Patrons are Air Marshal Cliff Spink (104th entry, Aircraft Apprentices) and Air Marshal Sir Dusty Miller (210th entry, Craft Apprentices).
Activities.
Today the Association is more lively than ever. Old Haltonians meet with their entry colleagues and the Association runs a members only Triennial reunion. The last one being held on 25 September 2010, and the next Triennial will be held on 21 September 2013 at RAF Halton. The Halton Grove at the National Memorial Arboretum at Alrewas in Staffordshire is also maintained by the Old Haltonians. The Haltonian magazine is published three times a year and sent out only to members of the Old Haltonians association. Old Haltonians have their own web site.
Old Haltonian social network.
A secure social network site exclusively for ex-apprentices and former members of the Directing Staff of the apprentice schools can be accessed at Old Haltonians social networking web site. A small subscription is payable for access to this site, which is managed by an ex-brat independently of the RAF Halton Apprentices Association (Old Haltonians).
Contact.
The Old Haltonians Association can be contacted at their Office at the airfield at RAF Halton. Membership of the Old Haltonians association costs £10 per year.

</doc>
<doc id="30939381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939381" title="Japan Tennis Association">
Japan Tennis Association

Japan Tennis Association (JTA) () is the governing body for professional and amateur tennis in Japan. Founded in 1922 and recognized by International Lawn Tennis Federation (now International Tennis Federation) in 1923, it is one of the oldest organized sport organization in Asia.
Japan Tennis Association operates all of the Japanese national representative tennis sides, including the Japan Davis Cup team, the Japan Fed Cup team and youth sides as well. JTA is also responsible for organizing and hosting tennis tournaments within Japan and scheduling the home international fixtures.
History.
Japan Tennis Association was established as a voluntary organization in the year 1922 as Japanese Tennis Association. In 1980 it was renamed to "Japan Tennis Association ". In 1923 International Lawn Tennis Federation (the then international governing body of tennis) recognized the Japanese Tennis Association. The United States Lawn Tennis Association (now United States Tennis Association) played a major role in the formation of JTA, Julian Myrick the then president of the USTA and tennis promoter backed the membership of Japanese Tennis Association in the International Lawn Tennis Federation.
Affiliate Members.
Japan Tennis Association serve as national affiliation body of tennis in Japan, it affiliates the following tennis governing bodies in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="30939417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939417" title="Banyuasin Regency">
Banyuasin Regency

Banyuasin Regency is a regency of South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 11,822.99 km² and a population of 654,286 as of 2000. The capital lies at Pangkalan Balai. Much of the regency is coastal lowland.
The name for this regency came from Javanese language terms "banyu" (water) and "asin" (salty), referring to its coastal geography.

</doc>
<doc id="30939434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939434" title="Empat Lawang Regency">
Empat Lawang Regency

Empat Lawang Regency is a regency of South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 225.644 km² and a population of 229,552. The capital lies at Tebing Tinggi. 

</doc>
<doc id="30939451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939451" title="Simon Tischer">
Simon Tischer

Simon Tischer (born 24 April 1982 in Schwäbisch Gmünd, Germany) is a German volleyball player.

</doc>
<doc id="30939458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939458" title="Electricity sector in the United Kingdom">
Electricity sector in the United Kingdom

The electricity sector in the United Kingdom relies mainly on fossil fuelled power and 15-20% in nuclear power. The use of electricity declined 11% in 2009 compared to 2004 and respectively the renewable energy per cent share of total electricity use increased 2.8%. The annual use of electricity declined 736 kWh per person in 2009 compared to 2004. In 2008 nuclear electricity production was 860 kWh pro person. The share of wind power was 3.2% of electricity when top countries were Denmark (24% of electricity), Spain (14.4%), Portugal (14%), Ireland (10.1%) and Germany (9.3%). The United Kingdom ended voluntarily the use of incandescent lightbulbs in 2011. The UK is planning to reform its Electricity Market. It plans to introduce a capacity mechanism and contracts for difference to encourage the building of new generation.
Consumption.
Lighting.
The European Commission banned low efficiency general-purpose, non-directional incandescent lightbulbs from 2012, though similarly shaped higher-efficiency halogen bulbs continue to be available (although halogen cannot be considered high-efficiency when compared to Compact fluorescent lamp and LED bulbs). The United Kingdom banned them voluntarily from 2011 after Ireland in 2009.
Mode of production.
The gross production of electricity was 393 TWh in 2004 which gave the 9th position in the world top producers in 2004.
The 6 major companies which dominate the British electricity market ("The Big Six") are: EDF, Centrica (British Gas), E.ON, RWE npower, Scottish Power and Southern & Scottish Energy.
Gas.
Electricity was produced with gas 160 TWh in 2004 and 177 TWh in 2008. The United Kingdom was 4th top electricity producer from gas both in 2004 and in 2008. In 2005 the UK produced 3.2% of the world total natural gas having the 5th top position after Russia (21.8%), United States (18%), Canada (6.5%) and Algeria (3.2%). In 2009 the UK’s own gas production was less and natural gas was also imported.
Due to reducing demand in the late-2000s recession and high gas prices, in 2011 and 2012 over 2 GW of older, less efficient, gas generation plant was mothballed.
Nuclear power.
The installed nuclear power capacity in the United Kingdom was 11 GW in 2008. The production of nuclear power was 80 TWh in 2004 (2.9% of world total) and 63 TWh in 2007 (2.3% of world total) The production of nuclear electricity was lower in 2006 and 2008 than the actual capacity. The electricity consumption declined in 2009 compared to 2004 by 736 kWh/person when the nuclear energy was produced at nearly same volume 860 kWh/person in 2008. Further, Denmark produced more wind power pro person (1,218 kWh/person) than the United Kingdom produced annually nuclear power pro person in 2006-2009 (860-1,120 kWh/person).
Renewable Energy.
From the mid-1990s renewable energy began to contribute to the electricity generated in the United Kingdom, adding to a small hydroelectricity generating capacity. Renewable energy sources provided for 11.3% of the electricity generated in the United Kingdom in 2012, reaching 41.3 TWh of electricity generated.
According to Imperial College Britain could have 40% of electricity from solar power in sunny days by 2020 in 10 million homes compared to a half a million homes in start of 2014. If a third of households would generate solar energy it could equal 6% of British total electricity consumption.
Export/Import.
The export of electricity was 1-3% of consumption between 2004-2009. According to IEA the UK was top electricity importer 6th importing 11 TWh after (TWh): Brazil 42, Italy 40, United States 33, Netherlands 16 and Finland 14.
The UK grid is connected to adjacent European and Irish electrical grids by submarine power cables, including for links to northern France (HVDC Cross-Channel), Northern Ireland (HVDC Moyle), Republic of Ireland (East–West Interconnector), the Isle of Man (Isle of Man to England Interconnector), and the Netherlands (BritNed). There are also plans to lay cables to link the UK with Iceland and Norway (Scotland–Norway interconnector) in the future.
See also HVDC Cross-Channel and List of European HVDC Projects

</doc>
<doc id="30939460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939460" title="Muara Enim Regency">
Muara Enim Regency

Muara Enim Regency is a regency of South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 7466.82 km² and a population of 622,970. The capital lies at Muara Enim. Mining and agricultural activities are abundant in the regency and it is also a producer of oil.Notable crops include rice and coconuts.
Location.
"Bumi Serasan Sekundang" is located in the heart of South Sumatra Province. The boundaries are:

</doc>
<doc id="30939463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939463" title="Paola railway station">
Paola railway station

Paola railway station () serves the town and "comune" of Paola, in the Calabria region, southern Italy. Opened in 1895, it forms part of the Battipaglia–Reggio di Calabria railway, and is also a terminus of a secondary line, the Paola–Cosenza railway.
The station is currently managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana (RFI). Train services are operated by or on behalf of Trenitalia. Each of these companies is a subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato (FS), Italy's state-owned rail company.
Location.
Paola railway station is situated in Viale Stazione, at the western edge of the city centre, near the waterfront.
History.
The station was opened on 15 November 1894, together with the rest of the final section of the Battipaglia–Reggio di Calabria railway was completed, between Praja-Ajeta-Tortora and Gizzeria Lido (then known as "Sant'Eufemia Marina"), via Scalea, Cetraro, Paola and Amantea. Management of the station and the line was initially entrusted to the "Società per le Strade Ferrate del Mediterraneo" (English: "Company for the Railways of the Mediterranean").
Between 1907 and 1911, construction began on the Paola–Cosenza railway, which was intended to provide the coveted rail link between Cosenza and the Southern Tyrrhenian railway. It was opened on 2 August 1915, and significantly increased the importance of Paola station. The line to Cosenza started from track 1 at Paola, and headed initially in a southerly direction. It continued alongside the main line for about , and then curved to the east to enter a section equipped with a Strub rack system.
At about the same time as the new line to Cosenza was opened, the Paola Locomotive Depot was constructed adjacent to the station. The depot was in service until about the end of the twentieth century.
Features.
The station was built on an artificial embankment raised to protect it from the frequent storms of the Tyrrhenian Sea. Originally very small, the passenger building was later rebuilt and enlarged with a number of service buildings, following the construction of the line to Cosenza. The present passenger building is linear in style and has two levels.
In the station yard, there are four platforms equipped with shelters and connected with each other by a pedestrian underpass. Track 1 and the track 1 bay platform are on the mountain side of the station, and are normally used by passenger trains departing for the line to Cosenza.
Adjacent to the station on the south-west was the site of the locomotive depot, which was connected with the station by a link from track 6. To the west, between the station and the beach, there are goods tracks passing through the station, while to the north-east is a small group of sidings for the loading and unloading of goods. There is also a large "Ferrotel", built alongside the station in 1970 for the accommodation of visiting railway staff.
Train services.
<br clear=left>
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at February 2011."
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="30939464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939464" title="1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 400 metres hurdles">
1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 400 metres hurdles

These are the results of the Women's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics in Athens, Greece.
Results.
Heats.
First 3 of each Heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each Semifinal qualified directly (Q) for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30939473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939473" title="Ferdinand Tille">
Ferdinand Tille

Ferdinand Tille (born December 8, 1988 in Mühldorf, Germany) is a German volleyball player. He is gold medalist of European League 2009. 
Career.
On May 27, 2014 was announced that Tille is a new player of Polish club PGE Skra Bełchatów.

</doc>
<doc id="30939477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939477" title="Stina Troest">
Stina Troest

Stina Troest (born January 17, 1994) is a Danish hurdler. She ran the 400 meter hurdles at the Youth Olympic Games in Singapore 2010 and won silver.

</doc>
