<doc id="31150160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150160" title="2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami">
2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami

The was a magnitude 9.0 (Mw) undersea megathrust earthquake off the coast of Japan that occurred at 14:46 JST (05:46 UTC) on Friday 11 March 2011, with the epicentre approximately east of the Oshika Peninsula of Tōhoku and the hypocenter at an underwater depth of approximately . The earthquake is also often referred to in Japan as the and also known as the 2011 Tohoku earthquake, and the 3.11 Earthquake. It was the most powerful earthquake ever recorded to have hit Japan, and the fifth most powerful earthquake in the world since modern record-keeping began in 1900. The earthquake triggered powerful tsunami waves that reached heights of up to in Miyako in Tōhoku's Iwate Prefecture, and which, in the Sendai area, travelled up to inland. The earthquake moved Honshu (the main island of Japan) east and shifted the Earth on its axis by estimates of between and , and generated sound waves detected by the low orbiting GOCE satellite.
On 10 February 2014, a Japanese National Police Agency report confirmed and across twenty prefectures, as well as 127,290 buildings totally collapsed, with a further 272,788 buildings 'half collapsed', and another 747,989 buildings partially damaged. The earthquake and tsunami also caused extensive and severe structural damage in north-eastern Japan, including heavy damage to roads and railways as well as fires in many areas, and a dam collapse. Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said, "In the 65 years after the end of World War II, this is the toughest and the most difficult crisis for Japan." Around 4.4 million households in northeastern Japan were left without electricity and 1.5 million without water.
The tsunami caused nuclear accidents, primarily the level 7 meltdowns at three reactors in the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant complex, and the associated evacuation zones affecting hundreds of thousands of residents. Many electrical generators were taken down, and at least three nuclear reactors suffered explosions due to hydrogen gas that had built up within their outer containment buildings after cooling system failure resulting from the loss of electrical power. Residents within a radius of the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant and a radius of the Fukushima Daini Nuclear Power Plant were evacuated. In addition, the U.S. recommended that its citizens evacuate up to of the plant.
Early estimates placed insured losses from the earthquake alone at US$14.5 to $34.6 billion. The Bank of Japan offered ¥15 trillion (US$183 billion) to the banking system on 14 March in an effort to normalize market conditions.
The World Bank's estimated economic cost was US$235 billion, making it the costliest natural disaster in world history.
Earthquake.
The 9.0 magnitude (MW) undersea megathrust earthquake occurred on 11 March 2011 at 14:46 JST (05:46 UTC) in the north-western Pacific Ocean at a relatively shallow depth of 32 km (19.9 mi), with its epicenter approximately 72 km (45 mi) east of the Oshika Peninsula of Tōhoku, Japan, lasting approximately six minutes. The earthquake was initially reported as 7.9 MW by the USGS before it was quickly upgraded to 8.8  MW, then to 8.9  MW, and then finally to 9.0  MW. Sendai was the nearest major city to the earthquake, 130 km (81 mi) from the epicenter; the earthquake occurred 373 km (232 mi) from Tokyo.
The main earthquake was preceded by a number of large foreshocks, with hundreds of aftershocks reported. One of the first major foreshocks was a 7.2 MW event on 9 March, approximately 40 km (25 mi) from the epicenter of the 11 March earthquake, with another three on the same day in excess of 6.0 MW. Following the main earthquake on 11 March, a 7.0 MW aftershock was reported at 15:06 JST (6:06 UTC), succeeded by a 7.4  MW at 15:15 JST (6:16 UTC) and a 7.2  MW at 15:26 JST (6:26 UTC). Over eight hundred aftershocks of magnitude 4.5  MW or greater have occurred since the initial quake, including one on 26 October 2013 (local time) of magnitude 7.3. Aftershocks follow Omori's Law, which states that the rate of aftershocks declines with the reciprocal of the time since the main quake. The aftershocks will thus taper off in time, but could continue for years.
One minute before the earthquake was felt in Tokyo, the Earthquake Early Warning system, which includes more than 1,000 seismometers in Japan, sent out warnings of impending strong shaking to millions. It is believed that the early warning by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) saved many lives. The warning for the general public was delivered about 8 seconds after the first P wave was detected, or about 31 seconds after the earthquake occurred. However, the estimated intensities were smaller than the actual ones in some places in Kanto and Tohoku regions. This was thought to be because of smaller estimated earthquake magnitude, smaller estimated fault plane, shorter estimated fault length, not having considered the shape of the fault, etc. There were also cases where large differences between estimated intensities by the Earthquake Early Warning system and the actual intensities occurred in the aftershocks and triggered earthquakes.
Geology.
This earthquake occurred where the Pacific Plate is subducting under the plate beneath northern Honshu; which plate is a matter of debate amongst scientists. The Pacific plate, which moves at a rate of 8 to 9 cm (3.1 to 3.5 in) per year, dips under Honshu's underlying plate building large amounts of elastic energy. This motion pushes the upper plate down until the accumulated stress causes a seismic slip-rupture event. The break caused the sea floor to rise by several meters. A quake of this magnitude usually has a rupture length of at least 500 km (300 mi) and generally requires a long, relatively straight fault surface. Because the plate boundary and subduction zone in the area of the Honshu rupture is not very straight, it is unusual for the magnitude of its earthquake to exceed 8.5; the magnitude of this earthquake was a surprise to some seismologists. The hypocentral region of this earthquake extended from offshore Iwate Prefecture to offshore Ibaraki Prefecture. The Japanese Meteorological Agency said that the earthquake may have ruptured the fault zone from Iwate to Ibaraki with a length of 500 km (310 mi) and a width of 200 km (120 mi). Analysis showed that this earthquake consisted of a set of three events. The earthquake may have had a mechanism similar to that of another large earthquake in 869 with an estimated surface wave magnitude (Ms) of 8.6, which also created a large tsunami. Other major earthquakes with tsunamis struck the Sanriku Coast region in 1896 and in 1933.
In a study of N. Uchida and T. Matsuzawa, it was pointed out that the source area of this earthquake has a relatively high coupling coefficient surrounded by areas of relatively low coupling coefficients in the west, north, and south. From the averaged coupling coefficient of 0.5–0.8 in the source area and the seismic moment, it was estimated that the slip deficit of this earthquake was accumulated over a period of 260–880 years, which is consistent with the recurrence interval of such great earthquakes estimated from the tsunami deposit data. The seismic moment of this earthquake accounts for about 93% of the estimated cumulative moment from 1926 to March 2011. Hence, earthquakes with magnitudes about 7 since 1926 in this area only had released part of the accumulated energy. In the area near the trench, the coupling coefficient is high, which could act as the source of the large tsunami.
Most of the foreshocks are interplate earthquakes with thrust-type focal mechanisms. Both interplate and intraplate earthquakes appeared in the aftershocks offshore Sanriku coast with considerable proportions.
The strong ground motion registered at the maximum of 7 on the Japan Meteorological Agency seismic intensity scale in Kurihara, Miyagi Prefecture. Three other prefectures—Fukushima, Ibaraki and Tochigi—recorded an upper 6 on the JMA scale. Seismic stations in Iwate, Gunma, Saitama and Chiba Prefecture measured a lower 6, recording an upper 5 in Tokyo.
In Russia, the main shock could be felt in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk (MSK 4) and Kurilsk (MSK 4). The aftershock at 06:25 UTC could be felt in Yuzhno-Kurilsk (MSK 5) and Kurilsk (MSK 4).
Energy.
This energy of the seismic waves from the earthquake was surface energy (Me) joules, which is nearly double that of the 9.1-magnitude 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami that killed 230,000 people. If harnessed, the seismic energy from this earthquake would power a city the size of Los Angeles for an entire year. The seismic moment (M0), which represents a physical size for the event, was calculated by the USGS at 3.9×1022 joules, slightly less than the 2004 Indian Ocean quake.
Japan's National Research Institute for Earth Science and Disaster Prevention (NIED) calculated a peak ground acceleration of 2.99 "g" (29.33 m/s²). The largest individual recording in Japan was 2.7 g, in the Miyagi Prefecture, 75 km from the epicentre; the highest reading in the Tokyo metropolitan area was 0.16 g.
Geophysical effects.
Portions of northeastern Japan shifted by as much as 2.4 m (7.9 ft) closer to North America, making some sections of Japan's landmass wider than before. Those areas of Japan closest to the epicenter experienced the largest shifts. A 400 km (250 mi) stretch of coastline dropped vertically by 0.6 m (2.0 ft), allowing the tsunami to travel farther and faster onto land. One early estimate suggested that the Pacific plate may have moved westward by up to 20 m (66 ft), and another early estimate put the amount of slippage at as much as 40 m (130 ft). On 6 April the Japanese coast guard said that the quake shifted the seabed near the epicenter 24 meters (79 ft) and elevated the seabed off the coast of Miyagi prefecture by 3 meters. A report by the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology, published in "Science" on 2 December 2011, concluded that the seabed in the area between the epicenter and the Japan Trench moved 50 meters east-southeast and rose about 7 meters as a result of the quake. The report also stated that the quake had caused several major landslides on the seabed in the affected area.
The Earth's axis shifted by estimates of between and . This deviation led to a number of small planetary changes, including the length of a day, the tilt of the Earth, and the Chandler wobble. The speed of the Earth's rotation increased, shortening the day by 1.8 microseconds due to the redistribution of Earth's mass. The axial shift was caused by the redistribution of mass on the Earth's surface, which changed the planet's moment of inertia. Because of conservation of angular momentum, such changes of inertia result in small changes to the Earth's rate of rotation. These are expected changes for an earthquake of this magnitude. The earthquake also generated sound waves detected by the GOCE satellite, which thus serendipitously became the first seismograph in orbit.
Soil liquefaction was evident in areas of reclaimed land around Tokyo, particularly in Urayasu, Chiba City, Funabashi, Narashino (all in Chiba Prefecture) and in the Koto, Edogawa, Minato, Chūō, and Ōta Wards of Tokyo. Approximately 30 homes or buildings were destroyed and 1,046 other buildings were damaged to varying degrees. Nearby Haneda Airport, built mostly on reclaimed land, was not damaged. Odaiba also experienced liquefaction, but damage was minimal.
Shinmoedake, a volcano in Kyushu, erupted three days after the earthquake. The volcano had previously erupted in January 2011; it is not known if the later eruption was linked to the earthquake. In Antarctica, the seismic waves from the earthquake were reported to have caused the Whillans Ice Stream to slip by about 0.5 m (1.6 ft).
The first sign international researchers had that the earthquake caused such a dramatic change in the Earth’s rotation came from the United States Geological Survey which monitors Global Positioning Satellite stations across the world. The Survey team had several GPS monitors located near the scene of the earthquake. The GPS station located nearest the epicenter moved almost . This motivated government researchers to look into other ways the earthquake may have had large scale effects on the planet. Scientists at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory did some calculations and determined that the Earth’s rotation was changed by the earthquake to the point where the days are now 1.8 microseconds shorter.
Dr. Richard Gross, one of the head researchers working for NASA, explained that the way the Earth rotates is not very smooth, like an old car wobbling on its axle. The earthquake's effect was as if a person took a hammer and whacked the car's axle, causing it to shift and the car to drive differently. The powerful earthquake hit the Earth’s axle, causing it to spin in a slightly different way.
Aftershocks.
Japan has experienced over 1000 aftershocks since the earthquake, with 80 registering over magnitude 6.0 Mw and several of which have been over magnitude 7.0 Mw. A magnitude 7.4 Mw at 15:08(JST), 7.9 Mw at 15:15 and a 7.7 Mw quake at 15:26 all occurred on 11 March. A month later, a major aftershock struck offshore on 7 April with a magnitude of 7.1 Mw. Its epicenter was underwater, 66 km (41 mi) off the coast of Sendai. The Japan Meteorological Agency assigned a magnitude of 7.4 MJMA, while the U.S. Geological Survey lowered it to 7.1 Mw. At least four people were killed, and electricity was cut off across much of northern Japan including the loss of external power to Higashidōri Nuclear Power Plant and Rokkasho Reprocessing Plant. Four days later on 11 April, another magnitude 7.1 Mw aftershock struck Fukushima, causing additional damage and killing a total of three people. On 7 December 2012 a large aftershock of magnitude 7.3 Mw caused a minor tsunami, and again on 26 October 2013 small tsunami waves were recorded after a 7.1 Mw aftershock.
As of 16 Mar 2012 aftershocks continued, totaling 1887 events over magnitude 4.0; a regularly updated map showing all shocks of magnitude 4.5 and above near or off the east coast of Honshu in the last seven days showed over 20 events.
As of 6 December 2013 there have been a total of 776 aftershocks of 5.0M or greater, 112 of 6.0M or greater, and 8 over 7.0 M as reported by the Japanese Meteorological Agency.
The number of aftershocks was associated with decreased health across Japan.
Tsunami.
An upthrust of 6 to 8 meters along a 180-km wide seabed at 60 km offshore from the east coast of Tōhoku, resulted in a major tsunami that brought destruction along the Pacific coastline of Japan's northern islands. Thousands of lives were lost when entire towns were devastated. The tsunami propagated throughout the Pacific Ocean region reaching the entire Pacific coast of North and South America from Alaska to Chile. Warnings were issued and evacuations carried out in many countries bordering the Pacific. However, while the tsunami affected many of these places, the extent was minor. Chile's Pacific coast, one of the furthest from Japan at about 17,000 km (11,000 mi) distant, was struck by waves 2 m (6.6 ft) high, compared with an estimated wave height of 38.9 meters (128 ft) at Omoe peninsula, Miyako city, Japan.
Japan.
The tsunami warning issued by the Japan Meteorological Agency was the most serious on its warning scale; it rated as a "major tsunami", being at least 3 m (9.8 ft) high. The actual height prediction varied, the greatest being for Miyagi at 6 m (20 ft) high. The tsunami inundated a total area of approximately in Japan.
The earthquake took place at 14:46 JST (GMT 6:46) around 67 km (42 mi) from the nearest point on Japan's coastline, and initial estimates indicated the tsunami would have taken 10 to 30 minutes to reach the areas first affected, and then areas farther north and south based on the geography of the coastline. Just over an hour after the earthquake at 15:55 JST, a tsunami was observed flooding Sendai Airport, which is located near the coast of Miyagi Prefecture, with waves sweeping away cars and planes and flooding various buildings as they traveled inland. The impact of the tsunami in and around Sendai Airport was filmed by an NHK News helicopter, showing a number of vehicles on local roads trying to escape the approaching wave and being engulfed by it. A 4 m high tsunami hit Iwate Prefecture. Wakabayashi Ward in Sendai was also particularly hard hit. At least 101 designated tsunami evacuation sites were hit by the wave.
Like the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami, the damage by surging water, though much more localized, was far more deadly and destructive than the actual quake. There were reports of entire towns destroyed from tsunami-hit areas in Japan, including 9,500 missing in Minamisanriku; one thousand bodies had been recovered in the town by 14 March 2011.
Among several factors causing the high death toll from the tsunami, one was the unexpectedly large size of the water surge. The tsunami walls at several of the affected cities were based on much smaller tsunami heights. Also, many people caught in the tsunami thought that they were located on high enough ground to be safe.
Large parts of Kuji and the southern section of Ōfunato including the port area were almost entirely destroyed. Also largely destroyed was Rikuzentakata, where the tsunami was reportedly three stories high. Other cities reportedly destroyed or heavily damaged by the tsunami include Kamaishi, Miyako, Ōtsuchi, and Yamada (in Iwate Prefecture), Namie, Sōma and Minamisōma (in Fukushima Prefecture) and Shichigahama, Higashimatsushima, Onagawa, Natori, Ishinomaki, and Kesennuma (in Miyagi Prefecture). The most severe effects of the tsunami were felt along a 670-km (420 mi)-long stretch of coastline from Erimo, Hokkaido, in the north to Ōarai, Ibaraki, in the south, with most of the destruction in that area occurring in the hour following the earthquake. Near Ōarai, people captured images of a huge whirlpool that had been generated by the tsunami. The tsunami washed away the sole bridge to Miyatojima, Miyagi, isolating the island's 900 residents. A two meter high tsunami hit Chiba Prefecture about 2 1/2 hours after the quake, causing heavy damage to cities such as Asahi.
On 13 March 2011, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) published details of tsunami observations recorded around the coastline of Japan following the earthquake. These observations included tsunami maximum readings of over 3 m (9.8 ft) at the following locations and times on 11 March 2011, following the earthquake at 14:46 JST:
Many areas were also affected by waves of 1 to 3 meters (3.3 to 9.8 ft) in height, and the JMA bulletin also included the caveat that ""At some parts of the coasts, tsunamis may be higher than those observed at the observation sites."" The timing of the earliest recorded tsunami maximum readings ranged from 15:12 to 15:21, between 26 and 35 minutes after the earthquake had struck. The bulletin also included initial tsunami observation details, as well as more detailed maps for the coastlines affected by the tsunami waves.
JMA also reported offshore tsunami height recorded by telemetry from moored GPS wave height meter buoys as follows:
On 25 March 2011, Port and Airport Research Institute (PARI) reported tsunami height by visiting the port sites as follows:
A joint research team from Yokohama National University and the University of Tokyo also reported that the tsunami at Ryōri Bay (綾里白浜), Ōfunato was about 30 m high. They found fishing equipment scattered on the high cliff above the bay. At Tarō, Iwate, a University of Tokyo researcher reported an estimated tsunami height of 37.9 m (124 ft) reached the slope of a mountain some 200 m (656 ft) away from the coastline. Also, at slope of nearby mountain from 400 m (1,312 ft) Aneyoshi fishery port (姉吉漁港) of Omoe peninsula (重茂半島) in Miyako, Iwate, Tokyo University of Marine Science and Technology found estimated tsunami run up height of 38.9 m (127 ft). This height is deemed the record in Japan historically, as of reporting date, that exceeds 38.2 m (125 ft) from the 1896 Meiji-Sanriku earthquake. It was also estimated that the tsunami reached heights of up to 40.5 metres (133 ft) in Miyako in Tōhoku's Iwate Prefecture. The inundated areas closely matched those of the 869 Sanriku tsunami.
A Japanese government study found that only 58% of people in coastal areas in Iwate, Miyagi, and Fukushima prefectures heeded tsunami warnings immediately after the quake and headed for higher ground. Of those who attempted to evacuate after hearing the warning, only five percent were caught in the tsunami. Of those who didn't heed the warning, 49% were hit by the water.
Elsewhere across the Pacific.
Shortly after the earthquake, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) in Hawaii issued tsunami watches and announcements for locations in the Pacific. At 07:30 UTC, PTWC issued a widespread tsunami warning covering the entire Pacific Ocean. Russia evacuated 11,000 residents from coastal areas of the Kuril Islands. The United States National Tsunami Warning Center issued a tsunami warning for the coastal areas in most of California, all of Oregon, and the western part of Alaska, and a tsunami advisory covering the Pacific coastlines of most of Alaska, and all of Washington and British Columbia, Canada. In California and Oregon, up to 2.4 m (8 ft) high tsunami surges hit some areas, damaging docks and harbors and causing over US$10 million in damage. In Curry County, Oregon $7 million in damages occurred including the destruction of of dockspace at the Brookings harbor; the county has received over $1 million in FEMA emergency grants. Surges of up to 1 m (3.3 ft) hit Vancouver Island in Canada prompting some evacuations, and causing boats to be banned from the waters surrounding the island for 12 hours following the wave strike, leaving many island residents in the area without means of getting to work.
In the Philippines, waves up to 0.5 m (1.6 ft) high hit the eastern seaboard of the country. Some houses along the coast in Jayapura, Indonesia were destroyed. Authorities in Wewak, East Sepik, Papua New Guinea evacuated 100 patients from the city's Boram Hospital before it was hit by the waves, causing an estimated US$4 million in damages. Hawaii estimated damage to public infrastructure alone at US$3 million, with damage to private properties, including resort hotels such as Four Seasons Resort Hualalai, estimated at tens of millions of dollars. It was reported that a 1.5 m (5 ft) high wave completely submerged Midway Atoll's reef inlets and Spit Island, killing more than 110,000 nesting seabirds at the Midway Atoll National Wildlife Refuge. Some other South Pacific countries, including Tonga and New Zealand, and U.S. territories American Samoa and Guam, experienced larger-than-normal waves, but did not report any major damage. However in Guam some roads were closed off and people were evacuated from low-lying areas.
Along the Pacific Coast of Mexico and South America, tsunami surges were reported, but in most places caused little or no damage. Peru reported a wave of 1.5 m (5 ft) and more than 300 homes damaged. The surge in Chile was large enough to damage more than 200 houses, with waves of up to 3 m (9.8 ft). In the Galápagos Islands, 260 families received assistance following a 3 m (9.8 ft) surge which arrived 20 hours after the earthquake, after the tsunami warning had been lifted. There was a great deal of damage to buildings on the islands and one man was injured but there were no reported fatalities.
The tsunami broke icebergs off the Sulzberger Ice Shelf in Antarctica, away. The main iceberg measured (approximately the area of Manhattan Island) and about thick. A total of of ice broke away.
As of April 2012, wreckage from the tsunami spread around the oceans, including a soccer ball which was found in Alaska and a Japanese motorcycle found in British Columbia, Canada.
Land subsidence.
The Geospatial Information Authority of Japan reported land subsidence based on the height of triangulation stations in the area measured by GPS as compared to their previous values from 14 April 2011.
Scientists say that the subsidence is permanent. As a result, the communities in question are now more susceptible to flooding during high tides.
Casualties.
The National Police Agency has confirmed and across twenty prefectures.
Of the 13,135 fatalities recovered by 11 April 2011, 12,143 or 92.5% died by drowning. Victims aged 60 or older accounted for 65.2% of the deaths, with 24% of total victims being in their 70s. As of March 2012, Japanese police data showed that 70% of the 3,279 still missing were aged 60 or over, all found, including 893 in their 70s and 577 in their 80s. Of the total confirmed victims, 14,308 drowned, 667 were crushed to death or died from internal injuries, and 145 perished from burns.
Save the Children reports that as many as 100,000 children were uprooted from their homes, some of whom were separated from their families because the earthquake occurred during the school day. 236 children were orphaned in the prefectures of Iwate, Miyagi and Fukushima by the disaster; 1,580 children lost either one or both parents, 846 in Miyagi, 572 in Iwate, and 162 in Fukushima. The quake and tsunami killed 378 elementary, middle-school, and high school students and left 158 others missing. One elementary school in Ishinomaki, Miyagi, Okawa Elementary, lost 74 of 108 students and 10 of 13 teachers and staff.
The Japanese Foreign Ministry has confirmed the deaths of nineteen foreigners. Among them are two English teachers from the United States affiliated with the Japan Exchange and Teaching Program; a Canadian missionary in Shiogama; and citizens of China, North and South Korea, Taiwan, Pakistan and the Philippines.
By 9:30 UTC on 11 March, Google Person Finder, which was previously used in the Haitian, Chilean, and Christchurch, New Zealand earthquakes, was collecting information about survivors and their locations. The Next of Kin Registry (NOKR) is assisting the Japanese government in locating next of kin for those missing or deceased.
Japanese funerals are normally elaborate Buddhist ceremonies which entail cremation. The thousands of bodies, however, exceeded the capacity of available crematoriums and morgues, many of them damaged, and there were shortages of both kerosene—each cremation requires 50 liters—and dry ice for preservation. The single crematorium in Higashimatsushima, for example, could only handle four bodies a day, although hundreds were found there. Governments and the military were forced to bury many bodies in hastily dug mass graves with rudimentary or no rites, although relatives of the deceased were promised that they would be cremated later.
The tsunami is reported to have caused several deaths outside of Japan. One man was killed in Jayapura, Papua, Indonesia after being swept out to sea. A man who is said to have been attempting to photograph the oncoming tsunami at the mouth of the Klamath River, south of Crescent City, California, was swept out to sea. His body was found on 2 April along Ocean Beach in Fort Stevens State Park, Oregon, some to the north.
Noted individual fatalities within Japan included 104-year old Takashi Shimokawara, holder of the world athletics records in the men's shot put, discus throw and javelin throw for the over-100s age category. He was killed by the earthquake and tsunami at Kamaishi, Iwate.
As of 27 May 2011, three Japan Ground Self-Defense Force members had died while conducting relief operations in Tōhoku. As of March 2012, the Japanese government had recognized 1,331 deaths as indirectly related to the earthquake, such as caused by harsh living conditions after the disaster. As of 30 April 2012, 18 people had died and 420 had been injured while participating in disaster recovery or clean-up efforts.
Damage and effects.
The degree and extent of damage caused by the earthquake and resulting tsunami were enormous, with most of the damage being caused by the tsunami. Video footage of the towns that were worst affected shows little more than piles of rubble, with almost no parts of any structures left standing. Estimates of the cost of the damage range well into the tens of billions of US dollars; before-and-after satellite photographs of devastated regions show immense damage to many regions. Although Japan has invested the equivalent of billions of dollars on anti-tsunami seawalls which line at least 40% of its 34,751 km (21,593 mi) coastline and stand up to 12 m (39 ft) high, the tsunami simply washed over the top of some seawalls, collapsing some in the process.
Japan's National Police Agency said on 3 April 2011, that 45,700 buildings were destroyed and 144,300 were damaged by the quake and tsunami. The damaged buildings included 29,500 structures in Miyagi Prefecture, 12,500 in Iwate Prefecture and 2,400 in Fukushima Prefecture. Three hundred hospitals with 20 beds or more in Tōhoku were damaged by the disaster, with 11 being completely destroyed. The earthquake and tsunami created an estimated 24–25 million tons of rubble and debris in Japan.
An estimated 230,000 automobiles and trucks were damaged or destroyed in the disaster. As of the end of May 2011, residents of Iwate, Miyagi, and Fukushima prefectures had requested deregistration of 15,000 vehicles, meaning that the owners of those vehicles were writing them off as unrepairable or unsalvageable.
Ports.
All of Japan's ports were briefly closed after the earthquake, though the ones in Tokyo and southwards soon re-opened. Fifteen ports were located in the disaster zone. The north-eastern ports of Hachinohe, Sendai, Ishinomaki and Onahama were destroyed, while the Port of Chiba (which serves the hydrocarbon industry) and Japan's ninth-largest container port at Kashima were also affected, though less severely. The ports at Hitachinaka, Hitachi, Soma, Shiogama, Kesennuma, Ofunato, Kamashi and Miyako were also damaged and closed to ships. All 15 ports reopened to limited ship traffic by 29 March 2011. A total of 319 fishing ports, about 10% of Japan's fishing ports, were damaged in the disaster. Most were restored to operating condition by 18 April 2012.
The Port of Tokyo suffered slight damage; the effects of the quake included visible smoke rising from a building in the port with parts of the port areas being flooded, including soil liquefaction in Tokyo Disneyland's parking lot.
Dams and water problems.
The Fujinuma irrigation dam in Sukagawa ruptured, causing flooding and washing away five homes. Eight people were missing and four bodies were discovered by the morning. Reportedly, some locals had attempted to repair leaks in the dam before it completely failed. On 12 March, 252 dams were inspected and it was discovered that six embankment dams had shallow cracks on their crests. The reservoir at one concrete gravity dam suffered a small non-serious slope failure. All damaged dams are functioning with no problems. Four dams within the quake area were unreachable. When the roads clear, experts will be dispatched to conduct further investigations.
In the immediate aftermath of the calamity, at least 1.5 million households were reported to have lost access to water supplies. By 21 March 2011, this number fell to 1.04 million.
Electricity.
According to the Japanese trade ministry, around 4.4 million households served by Tōhoku Electric Power (TEP) in northeastern Japan were left without electricity. Several nuclear and conventional power plants went offline after the earthquake, reducing TEPCO's total capacity by 21 GW. Rolling blackouts began on 14 March due to power shortages caused by the earthquake. The Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO), which normally provides approximately 40 GW of electricity, announced that it could only provide about 30 GW. This was because 40% of the electricity used in the greater Tokyo area was supplied by reactors in the Niigata and Fukushima prefectures. The reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi and Fukushima Dai-ni plants were automatically taken offline when the first earthquake occurred and sustained major damage related to the earthquake and subsequent tsunami. Rolling blackouts of approximately three hours were experienced throughout April and May while TEPCO scrambled to find a temporary power solution. The blackouts affected Tokyo, Kanagawa, Eastern Shizuoka, Yamanashi, Chiba, Ibaraki, Saitama, Tochigi, and Gunma prefectures. Voluntary reduced electricity use by consumers in the Kanto area helped reduce the predicted frequency and duration of the blackouts. By 21 March 2011, the number of households in the north without electricity fell to 242,927.
Tōhoku Electric Power was not able to provide the Kanto region with additional power, because TEP's power plants were also damaged in the earthquake. Kansai Electric Power Company (Kepco) cannot share electricity, because its system operates at 60 hertz, whereas TEPCO and TEP operate their systems at 50 hertz; this is due to early industrial and infrastructure development in the 1880s that left Japan without a unified national power grid. Two substations, one in Shizuoka Prefecture and one in Nagano Prefecture, were able to convert between frequencies and transfer electricity from Kansai to Kanto and Tōhoku, but their capacity to do so is limited to 1 GW. With the damage to so many power plants, it may be years before a long-term solution can be found.
In effort to help alleviate the shortage, three steel manufacturers in the Kanto region are contributing electricity produced by their in-house conventional power stations to TEPCO for distribution to the general public. Sumitomo Metal Industries can produce up to 500 MW, JFE Steel 400 MW, and Nippon Steel 500 MW of electric power Auto and auto parts makers in Kanto and Tohoku agreed in May 2011 to operate their factories on Saturdays and Sundays and close on Thursdays and Fridays to assist in alleviating the electricity shortage during the summer of 2011.
Oil, gas and coal.
A -per-day oil refinery of Cosmo Oil Company was set on fire by the quake at Ichihara, Chiba Prefecture, to the east of Tokyo. It was extinguished after ten days, injuring six people, and destroying storage tanks. Others halted production due to safety checks and power loss.
In Sendai, a -per-day refinery owned by the largest refiner in Japan, JX Nippon Oil & Energy, was also set ablaze by the quake. Workers were evacuated, but tsunami warnings hindered efforts to extinguish the fire until 14 March, when officials planned to do so.
An analyst estimates that consumption of various types of oil may increase by as much as per day (as well as LNG), as back-up power plants burning fossil fuels try to compensate for the loss of 11 GW of Japan's nuclear power capacity.
The city-owned plant for importing liquefied natural gas in Sendai was severely damaged, and supplies were halted for at least a month.
In addition to refining and storage, several power plants were damaged. These include Sendai #4, New-Sendai #1 and #2, Haranomachi #1 and #2, Hirono #2 and #4 and Hitachinaka #1.
Nuclear power plants.
The Fukushima Daiichi, Fukushima Daini, Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant and Tōkai nuclear power stations, consisting of a total eleven reactors, were automatically shut down following the earthquake. Higashidōri, also on the northeast coast, was already shut down for a periodic inspection. Cooling is needed to remove decay heat after a Generation II reactor has been shut down, and to maintain spent fuel pools. The backup cooling process is powered by emergency diesel generators at the plants and at Rokkasho nuclear reprocessing plant. At Fukushima Daiichi and Daini, tsunami waves overtopped seawalls and destroyed diesel backup power systems, leading to severe problems at Fukushima Daiichi, including three large explosions and radioactive leakage. Subsequent analysis found that many Japanese nuclear plants, including Fukushima Daiichi, were not adequately protected against tsunami. Over 200,000 people were evacuated.
The 7 April aftershock caused the loss of external power to Rokkasho Reprocessing Plant and Higashidori Nuclear Power Plant but backup generators were functional. Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant lost 3 of 4 external power lines and temporarily lost cooling function in its spent fuel pools for "20 to 80 minutes". A spill of "up to 3.8 liters" of radioactive water also occurred at Onagawa following the aftershock.
A report by the IAEA in 2012 found that the Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant, the closest nuclear plant to the epicenter of the 2011 earthquake and tsunami, had remained largely undamaged. The plant's 3 reactors automatically shut down without damage and all safety systems functioned as designed. The plant's 14 meter (46-foot) high seawall successfully withstood the tsunami.
Europe's Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger addressed the European Parliament on 15 March, explaining that the nuclear disaster was an "apocalypse". As the nuclear crisis entered a second month, experts recognized that Fukushima Daiichi is not the worst nuclear accident ever, but it is the most complicated. Nuclear experts stated that Fukushima will go down in history as the second-worst nuclear accident ever... while not as bad as Chernobyl disaster, worse than Three Mile Island accident. It could take months or years to learn how damaging the release of dangerous isotopes has been to human health and food supplies, and the surrounding countryside.
Later analysis indicated three reactors at Fukushima I (Units 1, 2, and 3) had suffered meltdowns and continued to leak coolant water, and by summer the Vice-minister for Economy, Trade and Industry, the head of the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency, and the head of the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy, had lost their jobs.
Fukushima meltdowns.
Japan declared a state of emergency following the failure of the cooling system at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, resulting in the evacuation of nearby residents. Officials from the Japanese Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency reported that radiation levels inside the plant were up to 1,000 times normal levels, and that radiation levels outside the plant were up to 8 times normal levels. Later, a state of emergency was also declared at the Fukushima Daini nuclear power plant about 11 km (7 mi) south. This brought the total number of problematic reactors to six.
It was reported that radioactive iodine was detected in the tap water in Fukushima, Tochigi, Gunma, Tokyo, Chiba, Saitama, and Niigata, and radioactive cesium in the tap water in Fukushima, Tochigi and Gunma. Radioactive cesium, iodine, and strontium were also detected in the soil in some places in Fukushima. There may be a need to replace the contaminated soil. Many radioactive hotspots were found outside the evacuation zone, including Tokyo. Food products were also found contaminated by radioactive matter in several places in Japan. On 5 April 2011, the government of the Ibaraki Prefecture banned the fishing of sand lance after discovering that this species was contaminated by radioactive cesium above legal limits. As late as July 2013 slightly elevated levels of radioactivity were found in beef on sale at Tokyo markets. No death or morbidity has so far been reported as a result of the radioactive emissions.
Incidents elsewhere.
A fire occurred in the turbine section of the Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant following the earthquake. The blaze was in a building housing the turbine, which is sited separately from the plant's reactor, and was soon extinguished. The plant was shut down as a precaution.
On 13 March the lowest-level state of emergency was declared regarding the Onagawa plant as radioactivity readings temporarily exceeded allowed levels in the area of the plant. Tohoku Electric Power Co. stated this may have been due to radiation from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear accidents but was not from the Onagawa plant itself.
As a result of the 7 April aftershock, Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant lost 3 of 4 external power lines and lost cooling function for as much as 80 minutes. A spill of a couple liters of radioactive water occurred at Onagawa.
The number 2 reactor at Tōkai Nuclear Power Plant was shut down automatically. On 14 March it was reported that a cooling system pump for this reactor had stopped working; however, the Japan Atomic Power Company stated that there was a second operational pump sustaining the cooling systems, but that two of three diesel generators used to power the cooling system were out of order.
Wind power.
None of Japan's commercial wind turbines, totaling over 2300 MW in nameplate capacity, failed as a result of the earthquake and tsunami, including the Kamisu offshore wind farm directly hit by the tsunami.
Transport.
Japan's transport network suffered severe disruptions. Many sections of Tōhoku Expressway serving northern Japan were damaged. The expressway did not reopen to general public use until 24 March 2011. All railway services were suspended in Tokyo, with an estimated 20,000 people stranded at major stations across the city. In the hours after the earthquake, some train services were resumed. Most Tokyo area train lines resumed full service by the next day—12 March. Twenty thousand stranded visitors spent the night of 11–12 March inside Tokyo Disneyland.
A tsunami wave flooded Sendai Airport at 15:55 JST, about 1 hour after the initial quake, causing severe damage. Narita and Haneda Airport both briefly suspended operations after the quake, but suffered little damage and reopened within 24 hours. Eleven airliners bound for Narita were diverted to nearby Yokota Air Base.
Various train services around Japan were also canceled, with JR East suspending all services for the rest of the day. Four trains on coastal lines were reported as being out of contact with operators; one, a four-car train on the Senseki Line, was found to have derailed, and its occupants were rescued shortly after 8 am the next morning. Minami-Kesennuma Station on the Kesennuma Line was obliterated save for its platform; 62 of 70 (31 of 35) JR East train lines suffered damage to some degree; in the worst-hit areas, 23 stations on 7 lines were washed away, with damage or loss of track in 680 locations and the 30-km radius around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant unable to be assessed.
There were no derailments of Shinkansen bullet train services in and out of Tokyo, but their services were also suspended. The Tōkaidō Shinkansen resumed limited service late in the day and was back to its normal schedule by the next day, while the Jōetsu and Nagano Shinkansen resumed services late on 12 March. Services on Yamagata Shinkansen resumed with limited numbers of trains on 31 March.
Derailments were minimized because of an early warning system that detected the earthquake before it struck. The system automatically stopped all high-speed trains, which minimized the damage.
The Tōhoku Shinkansen line was worst hit, with JR East estimating that 1,100 sections of the line, varying from collapsed station roofs to bent power pylons, will need repairs. Services on the Tōhoku Shinkansen partially resumed only in Kantō area on 15 March, with one round-trip service per hour between Tokyo and Nasu-Shiobara, and Tōhoku area service partially resumed on 22 March between Morioka and Shin-Aomori. Services on Akita Shinkansen resumed with limited numbers of trains on 18 March. Service between Tokyo and Shin-Aomori was restored by May, but at lower speeds due to ongoing restoration work; the pre-earthquake timetable was not reinstated until late September.
The rolling blackouts brought on by the crises at the nuclear power plants in Fukushima had a profound effect on the rail networks around Tokyo starting on 14 March. Major railways began running trains at 10–20 minute intervals, rather than the usual 3–5 minute intervals, operating some lines only at rush hour and completely shutting down others; notably, the Tōkaidō Main Line, Yokosuka Line, Sōbu Main Line and Chūō-Sōbu Line were all stopped for the day. This led to near-paralysis within the capital, with long lines at train stations and many people unable to come to work or get home. Railway operators gradually increased capacity over the next few days, until running at approximately 80% capacity by 17 March and relieving the worst of the passenger congestion.
Telecommunications.
Cellular and landline phone service suffered major disruptions in the affected area. Immediately after the earthquake cellular communication was jammed across much of Japan due to a surge of network activity. On the day of the quake, American broadcaster NPR was unable to reach anyone in Sendai with working phone or Internet. Internet services were largely unaffected in areas where basic infrastructure remained, despite the earthquake having damaged portions of several undersea cable systems landing in the affected regions; these systems were able to reroute around affected segments onto redundant links. Within Japan, only a few websites were initially unreachable. Several Wi-Fi hotspot providers reacted to the quake by providing free access to their networks, and some American telecommunications and VoIP companies such as AT&T, Sprint, Verizon, T-Mobile and VoIP companies such as netTALK and Vonage have offered free calls to (and in some cases, from) Japan for a limited time, as did Germany's Deutsche Telekom.
Defense.
Matsushima Air Field of the Japan Self-Defense Force in Miyagi Prefecture was struck by the tsunami, flooding the base and resulting in damage to all 18 Mitsubishi F-2 fighter jets of the 21st Fighter Training Squadron. 12 of the aircraft were scrapped, while the remaining 6 were slated for repair at a cost of 80 billion yen ($1 billion), exceeding the original cost of the aircraft. At the 2nd Regional Headquarters of the Japan Coast Guard in Shiogama, Miyagi, 2 patrol boats were swept away.
Space center.
JAXA (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency) evacuated the Tsukuba Space Center in Tsukuba, Ibaraki. The Center, which houses a control room for part of the International Space Station, was shut down and some damage was reported.
The Tsukuba control center resumed full operations for the space station's Kibo laboratory and the HTV cargo craft on 21 March 2011.
Cultural properties.
754 cultural properties were damaged across nineteen prefectures, including five National Treasures (at Zuigan-ji, Ōsaki Hachiman-gū, Shiramizu Amidadō, and Seihaku-ji); 160 Important Cultural Properties (including at Sendai Tōshō-gū, the Kōdōkan, and Entsū-in, with its western decorative motifs); one hundred and forty-four Monuments of Japan (including Matsushima, Takata-matsubara, Yūbikan, and the Site of Tagajō); six Groups of Traditional Buildings; and four Important Tangible Folk Cultural Properties. Stone monuments at the UNESCO World Heritage Site: Shrines and Temples of Nikkō were toppled. In Tokyo, there was damage to Koishikawa Kōrakuen, Rikugien, Hamarikyū Onshi Teien, and the walls of Edo Castle. Information on the condition of collections held by museums, libraries and archives is still incomplete. There was no damage to the Historic Monuments and Sites of Hiraizumi in Iwate prefecture, and the recommendation for their inscription on the UNESCO World Heritage List in June was seized upon as a symbol of international recognition and recovery.
Aftermath.
The aftermath of the earthquake and tsunami included both a humanitarian crisis and a major economic impact. The tsunami resulted in over 340,000 displaced people in the Tōhoku region, and shortages of food, water, shelter, medicine and fuel for survivors. In response the Japanese government mobilized the Self-Defence Forces (under Joint Task Force - Tohoku, led by Lieutenant General Eiji Kimizuka), while many countries sent search and rescue teams to help search for survivors. Aid organizations both in Japan and worldwide also responded, with the Japanese Red Cross reporting $1 billion in donations. The economic impact included both immediate problems, with industrial production suspended in many factories, and the longer term issue of the cost of rebuilding which has been estimated at ¥10 trillion ($122 billion). In comparison to the 1995 Great Hanshin earthquake, the East Japan Earthquake brought serious damage to an extremely wide range.
The aftermath of the twin disasters also left Japan's coastal cities and towns with nearly 25 million tons of debris. In Ishinomaki alone, there were 17 trash collection sites 180 metres long and at least 4.5 metres high. An official in the city's government trash disposal department estimated that it would take three years to empty these sites.
Humanitarian response.
According to Japan's foreign ministry, 116 countries and 28 international organizations offered assistance. Japan specifically requested assistance from teams from Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, and the United States.
Media coverage.
Japan's national public broadcaster, NHK, and Japan Satellite Television suspended their usual programming to provide ongoing coverage of the situation. Other nationwide Japanese and international TV networks also broadcast uninterrupted coverage of the disaster. Ustream Asia broadcast live feeds of NHK, Tokyo Broadcasting System, Nippon TV, Fuji TV, TV Asahi, TV Tokyo, Tokyo MX, TV Kanagawa, and CNN on the Internet starting on 12 March 2011. YokosoNews, an Internet webcast in Japan, dedicated its broadcast to the latest news gathered from Japanese news stations, translating them in real time to English. All warnings were broadcast by NHK in five languages: Japanese, English, Mandarin, Korean and Portuguese (Japan has small Chinese, Korean and Brazilian populations).
It was noted that the Japanese news media has been at times overly cautious to avoid panic and reliant on confusing statements by experts and officials.
In this national crisis, the Japanese government provided Japanese Sign Language (JSL) interpreting at the press conferences related to the earthquake and tsunami. Television broadcasts of the press conferences of Prime Minister Naoto Kan and Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano included simultaneous JSL interpreters standing next to the Japanese flag on the same platform.
According to Jake Adelstein, most Japanese media accepted and parroted the misinformation put out by the Japanese government and TEPCO about the unfolding Fukushima nuclear crisis. Notable exceptions, according to Adelstein, were newspapers "Sankei Shimbun" and "Chunichi Shimbun" which questioned the accuracy of the information coming from the government and TEPCO. Because of the unquestioning nature of most Japanese media to hold to the "party line", many Japanese mid-level officials and experts spoke to foreign media to get their opinions and observations publicized.
Atsushi Funahashi, director of "Nuclear Nation" notes that "when the overseas media was calling Fukushima a ‘meltdown,’ the Japanese government and media waited two months before admitting it."
Scientific and research response.
A large amount of data was collected that provides "the possibility to model in great detail what happened during the rupture of an earthquake." The effect of this data is expected to be felt across other disciplines as well, and this disaster will "provide unprecedented information about how buildings hold up under long periods of shaking – and thus how to build them better."
Seismologists had anticipated that the "big one" would strike the same place as the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake—in the Sagami Trough, southwest of Tokyo. Since 1976, when Katsuhiko Ishibashi said a large earthquake in the Suruga Trough was forthcoming, the government tracked plate movements, in preparation for the so-called Tokai earthquake. Occurring 373 km (232 mi) northeast of Tokyo, the Tōhoku earthquake came as a surprise to seismologists, since the Japan Trench was known for creating large quakes, but was not expected to generate quakes above an 8.0 magnitude.

</doc>
<doc id="31150166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150166" title="Ralph Landrum">
Ralph Landrum

Ralph Landrum (born August 16, 1957) is an American professional golfer.
Landrum was born in Covington, Kentucky. He played college golf at the University of Kentucky. He turned professional in 1979.
Landrum played on the PGA Tour from 1983 to 1985. His best finish was a T-2 at the 1984 Danny Thomas Memphis Classic. His best finish in a major was a T-8 at the 1983 U.S. Open. After his touring career, he worked as a club and teaching professional.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
WD = withdrew from tournament<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="31150186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150186" title="Kopsis Glacier">
Kopsis Glacier

Kopsis Glacier (, ‘Lednik Kopsis’ \'led-nik 'kop-sis\) is a 13 km long and 4 km wide glacier on the east side of north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica that is draining northeastwards from Panicheri Gap, Voysil Peak and Mount Gozur to join Embree Glacier northwest of Mirovyane Peak.
The glacier is named after the medieval town of Kopsis in Central Bulgaria.
Location.
Kopsis Glacier is centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31150187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150187" title="Lyn Lott">
Lyn Lott

Lyn Lott (born April 9, 1950) is an American professional golfer.
Lott was born in Douglas, Georgia. He won several amateur golf tournaments in Georgia including the Georgia State Junior Amateur, Georgia State Amateur, and Georgia Open, as a 17-year-old amateur. He played college golf at the University of Georgia where he was a two-time All-American. During his time at UGA, the team won four consecutive Southeastern Conference titles and Lott won two individual events.
Lott played on the PGA Tour from 1974 to 1983. His best finishes were three third-place finishes: 3rd at the 1976 Canadian Open, T-3 at the 1977 Byron Nelson Golf Classic, and T-3 at the 1981 Greater Milwaukee Open. He twice finished in the top-10 in a major: T-7 at the 1977 U.S. Open and T-8 at the 1976 U.S. Open.
Lott was inducted into the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame in 1998 and the Georgia Golf Hall of Fame in 2005.
Results in major championships.
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied <br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="31150199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150199" title="One Horse Blue (1993 album)">
One Horse Blue (1993 album)

One Horse Blue is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music group One Horse Blue. It was released by Savannah Records in 1993. The album peaked at number 4 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31150200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150200" title="Natanael de Souza Santos Júnior">
Natanael de Souza Santos Júnior

Natanael de Souza Santos Junior (25 December 1985), shortly Santos is a Brazilian footballer, who currently plays as striker for Suwon Samsung Bluewings in the K League Classic. Santos is natural from the city of Mortugaba in the state of Bahia, Brazil.
Club career.
Jeju United.
On 9 February 2010, Santos joined Jeju United. In his first season with the Jeju, Santos scored 12 league goals and had four assists and added four goals and an assist in the pillage Cup.
Wuhan Zall.
On 12 February 2013, Wuhan Zall's owner Yan Zhi announced that Santos will join their team for Chinese Super League season 2013. After playing 14 league matches without score, he transferrefd to K League Classic side Suwon Samsung Bluewings on 13 July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31150219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150219" title="Michael Konyves">
Michael Konyves

Michael Konyves is a Canadian film and television screenwriter. Best known for his Genie Award-nominated screenplay for the 2010 film "Barney's Version", his past credits include the television films "Solar Attack", "Descent" and "".

</doc>
<doc id="31150232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150232" title="Dave Rummells">
Dave Rummells

Dave Rummells (born January 26, 1958) is an American professional golfer.
Born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Rummell was raised in West Branch, played college golf at the University of Iowa, and turned professional in 1981.
Rummells played on the PGA Tour from 1986 to 1994, and his best finish was second at the Buick Invitational of California in 1993. He twice finished in the top-10 in a major, both at the PGA Championship: fifth in 1989 and tied for sixth in 1988.
Rummells played on both the PGA Tour and Web.com Tour from 1995 to 2007. He won two events on the Web.com Tour (then the Nike Tour): the 1996 Nike South Carolina Classic and the 1997 Nike Knoxville Open. After turning 50 in 2008, he played on the Champions Tour and his best finish was in his first event: T-20 at the Regions Charity Classic in 2008.
Results in major championships.
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half way cut<br>
WD = withdrew from tournament<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place.<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="31150233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150233" title="Morse Message (1962)">
Morse Message (1962)

In 1962, a radio message in Morse code was transmitted from Evpatoria Planetary Radar (EPR) and directed to planet Venus. The word "MIR" (, it means both "peace" and "world") was transmitted from the EPR on November 19, 1962, and the words "LENIN" () and "SSSR" (, acronym for the Soviet Union (Союз Советских Социалистических Республик)) on November 24, 1962, respectively. All three words were sent using the Morse code. In Russian, this letter is called Radio Message "MIR, LENIN, SSSR". This message is the first radio broadcast for extraterrestrial civilizations in the history of mankind, it was also used as a test for the radar station (but was not used for measuring the distance to Venus because for distance measurements the EPR uses coherent waveform with frequency manipulation): The signal reflected from surface of Venus and was received 4 minutes 32.7 seconds (Nov 19) and 4 minutes 44.7 seconds (Nov 24) later.
Now this radio message is flying to the star HD 131336 in the Libra constellation (the famous star Gliese 581, the addressee of A Message From Earth and Hello From Earth, is also located in the Libra).

</doc>
<doc id="31150253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150253" title="2011 Faroe Islands Cup">
2011 Faroe Islands Cup

The 2011 Faroe Islands Cup was the 57th edition of the Faroe Islands domestic football cup. It started on 26 March 2011 and ended with the final on 8 August 2011. EB/Streymur were the defending champions, having won their third cup title the previous year. The winner of the competition will qualify for the first qualifying round of the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League.
Only the first teams of Faroese football clubs were allowed to participate. The Preliminary Round involved only teams from 1. deild, 2. deild and 3. deild competitions. Teams from the highest division entered the competition in the First Round.
Preliminary round.
Entering this round are two clubs from the 1. deild, two clubs from the 2. deild and two clubs from the 3. deild. These matches will take place on 26 March 2011. The draw for this round of the competition took place on 7 March 2011.
First round.
Entering in this round are the three winners from the Preliminary Round, all ten clubs from the Faroe Islands Premier League and three clubs from the 1. deild. These matches will take place on 2 April 2011. The draw for this round of the competition took place on 7 March 2011.
Quarterfinals.
Entering this round are the eight winners from the First Round. These matches will take place on 4 May 2011.
Semifinals.
Entering this round are the four winners from the Quarterfinals. These ties will be played over two legs and will be played on 19 May 2011 and 14 June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31150255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150255" title="Kempe Gowda (film)">
Kempe Gowda (film)

Kempe Gowda is a 2011 Kannada action film starring Sudeep and Ragini Dwivedi in the lead roles. The film was directed by Sudeep and produced by Shankare Gowda. The film is a remake of the Tamil superhit film "Singam" which starred Surya and Anushka Shetty and written by famous Tamil director Hari who is well known for his successful village style movies. Arjun Janya has composed the music. This movie was also remade into Hindi as "Singham" starring Ajay Devgn and Kajal Aggarwal in lead roles. It has been dubbed in Hindi as "Bajirao The Fighter".
Plot.
Kempe Gowda is a sub-inspector in a dusty village of Rona in Hubli, his native, where he is adored. Armugam, a notorious criminal, is brought down to his knees at the local police station. Their egos clash and Armugam, who has never had to face an opposition before, decides to teach Gowda a lesson. He is transferred to Bangalore, where Amugam's writ runs large. As the cop begins to unearth Armugam's misdeeds, he realizes that he is up against a real challenge.
Release.
Kempe Gowda was released in 100+ theaters on 10 March 2011 across the state.
Response.
Kempe Gowda earned a bumper of for producer during the first week. It collected more than at the box office and declared as a super hit of the year.
Awards & Nominations.
59th Filmfare Awards South :-
1st South Indian International Movie Awards :-
4th Suvarna Film Awards :-
Bangalore Times Film Awards :-
1st Kannada International Music Awards (KiMA):-
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of Kempegowda released by Anand Audio was declared a superhit upon its release. The songs composed by Arjun Janya to the lyrics of V. Nagendra Prasad remained popular for several weeks on radio.

</doc>
<doc id="31150256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150256" title="I Remember Thelonious">
I Remember Thelonious

I Remember Thelonious is a live album by soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy and pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Italy in 1992 and released on the Nel Jazz label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 3 stars stating "Waldron makes the best of the situation and provides superb accompaniment for Lacy's adventurous flights as well as offering his trademarked dark but fascinating solos... This is a fascinating if not quite essential CD by Steve Lacy and Mal Waldron.". 

</doc>
<doc id="31150262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150262" title="Bangey Heights">
Bangey Heights

Bangey Heights (, ‘Bangeyski Vazvisheniya’ \ban-'gey-ski v&-zvi-'she-ni-ya\) are the heights rising to 2900 m at Bezden Peak and including also Golemani Peak, Oreshak Peak, Fucha Peak, Mount Schmid and Mount Hleven in north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, extending 12 km in southwest-northeast direction and 10 km in northwest-southeast direction. They are bounded by Patleyna Glacier to the west, Embree Glacier to the northwest and northeast, and Kopsis Glacier to the southeast, and linked to Probuda Ridge to the southwest by Chepino Saddle, and to Maglenik Heights to the south by Panicheri Gap. Their interior is drained by Marsa Glacier and Padala Glacier.
The heights are named after the settlement of Bangeytsi in Northern Bulgaria.
Location.
Bangey Heights are centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31150265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150265" title="1997 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament">
1997 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament

The 1997 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament was held from February 28–March 3, 1997 at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was Old Dominion, who received an automatic bid to the 1997 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="31150267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150267" title="Wildflowers (Cassandra Vasik album)">
Wildflowers (Cassandra Vasik album)

Wildflowers is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Cassandra Vasik. It was released by Epic Records in 1991. The album includes the Top 5 single "Which Face Should I Put on Tonight."
Track listing.
All songs written by Tim Thorney and Erica Ehm

</doc>
<doc id="31150277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150277" title="Sir James Kirkpatrick, 8th Baronet">
Sir James Kirkpatrick, 8th Baronet

Sir James Kirkpatrick, 8th Baronet (22 March 1841 – 10 November 1899) was the 8th Kirkpatrick Baronet of Closeburn, Dumfriesshire. In his youth he was a keen sportsman, and helped organise the Scottish football team in the representative matches between March 1870 and February 1872. He also played in goal for the Wanderers when they won the FA Cup in 1878.
Family and professional career.
Kirkpatrick was born in Canada, the second son of Sir Charles Sharpe Kirkpatrick, 6th Baronet and Helen Stuart Kirk. His father died in 1867 at which time his brother, Thomas, succeeded to the title; Thomas died childless in 1880 and the title passed to James.
He was educated privately before joining the Admiralty as a clerk where he progressed to become Private Secretary to Lord George Hamilton, the First Lord of the Admiralty.
He married Mary Steward of Peckham, Surrey on 24 April 1872 and they had six children:
Kirkpatrick died at the family home in Forest Hill, Kent on 10 November 1899, aged 58.
Football career.
Kirkpatrick was a member of the Civil Service Football Club and also of the Wanderers. His first Wanderers appearance came on 2 February 1867 in a 1–0 defeat by C.C.C. on Clapham Common; the team sheet for that match also includes a "C. Kirkpatrick", possibly his younger brother Charles. He became a frequent member of the Wanderers XI, making a total of 58 appearances over the next 11 years, generally as goalkeeper although he played occasionally as an outfield player, even scoring two goals, against Forest Club in 1870 and Gitanos in 1876. 
In the "Football Annual" for 1875, he was described as "a goalkeeper is always excellent, and Surrey owes much to him in that position" while the 1879 edition said that he was "a very useful goalkeeper; fields well, and does not lose his head". Other editions described him as "a useful player all round, a good back and excellent goalkeeper". By 1874, he was chiefly known as a goalkeeper, whose "flying days [were numbered in the past".
In 1870, he helped Arthur Kinnaird to organise the Scottish team to play against England in the first of the series of international football matches. The Scotsmen were all based in London and the Home Counties. The advertisement placed in the "Sportsman" newspaper stated:A match between the leading representatives of the Scotch and English sections will be played at The Oval on Saturday 19 February, under the auspices of the Football Association. Players duly qualified and desirous of assisting either party must communicate with Mr AF Kinnaird of 2 Pall Mall East, SW or Mr J Kirkpatrick, Admiralty, Somerset House, WC on behalf of the Scotch, or with Mr Charles W Alcock, Boy Court, Ludgate Hill, EC or Mr RG Graham, 7 Finch Lane, EC on the part of the English.
For the inaugural international match, Kirkpatrick was Scotland's goalkeeper and captain. The Scots opened the scoring with a quarter of an hour to play after England's goalkeeper, Alfred Thornton was moved upfield thus allowing Robert Crawford to score with a shot from distance. England fought back to score through Alfred Baker to salvage a draw a minute from the end of the game. Kirkpatrick retained his place for the next three international matches, being captain again in the second. 
Although he had first played for the Wanderers in 1867, he was rarely available for their FA Cup ties. He was, however, an "umpire" for the first FA Cup Final in 1872. In 1877–78, he played in every round helping Wanderers to reach the final where they met a team from the Royal Engineers. The final was played at the Kennington Oval on 23 March 1878, the day after Kirkpatrick's 37 birthday. In the match, Kirkpatrick suffered a broken arm after fifteen minutes during a tussle on the goal-line; despite his injury, he managed to keep the ball out of the goal, and went on to play the remainder of the match despite his injury. Wanderers won the match 3–1 in their last appearance in the Final, thus claiming the trophy for the fifth time in seven years. The 1878 FA Cup Final was Kirkpatrick's final appearance for the Wanderers.
He also represented Surrey and served on the Football Association committee from 1869 to 1872.
Cricket career.
Kirkpatrick also played cricket for the Civil Service, Lansdown and Chiswick & Turnham Green clubs between 1863 and 1879 and played for the Gentlemen of the South in a first-class match against the Gentlemen of the North in July 1867 taking three wickets as his side claimed an eight wicket victory.

</doc>
<doc id="31150278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150278" title="Victoria Harbour (disambiguation)">
Victoria Harbour (disambiguation)

The main Victoria Harbour is in Hong Kong but may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31150279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150279" title="The Time Weekly">
The Time Weekly

The Time Weekly (Chinese: 时代周报; Pinyin:shidai zhoubao) is a weekly newspaper which covers current affairs. It is based in Guangzhou, China, and belongs to the Guangdong Publish Group(Chinese:广东省出版集团)
"The Time Weekly" was established in 2008 and is a partner with "The New York Times". It is published on Thursday every week and has 5 parts: Politics, Review, Economy, Culture and World.

</doc>
<doc id="31150290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150290" title="Feels Like Home (Cassandra Vasik album)">
Feels Like Home (Cassandra Vasik album)

Feels Like Home is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Cassandra Vasik. It was released by Epic Records in 1993. The album peaked at number 20 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31150300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150300" title="Per Nilsson (guitarist)">
Per Nilsson (guitarist)

Per Nilsson is a Swedish guitarist and producer. He is best known as one of the founding members of the melodic death metal/progressive metal band Scar Symmetry. He is also the guitarist for the Swedish progressive rock group Kaipa and, since January 2013, one of the guitarists of American melodic death metal band The Absence. He had contributed a guest solo before he joined for their 2007 album "Riders of the Plague". That same month, Guitar Messenger released a guitar instructional DVD with Per called Scar Guitar. Until 2013 he was endorsed by and exclusively used Ibanez guitars. He is now endorsed by Strandberg Guitars, who in collaboration with him has created the Strandberg Singularity, his first signature guitar. He has also been endorsed by EMG pickups since 2014.
He primarily plays extended range guitars, but uses an Ibanez JEM 6 string to record his solos.

</doc>
<doc id="31150322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150322" title="2011 Wests Tigers season">
2011 Wests Tigers season

The 2011 Wests Tigers season was the twelfth in the joint-venture club's history. They competed in the National Rugby League's 2011 Telstra Premiership, finishing the regular season 4th (out of 16) to qualify for their 2nd consecutive play-off series. They were knocked out of the finals by eventual grand finalists, the New Zealand Warriors.
Season Summary.
Robbie Farah retained his role as captain for the third year in a row. After an impressive end to the 2010 Telstra Premiership, the Tigers were keen to keep the same squad the retained all their starting side with the addition of Matt Utai.
In the week leading up to the start of the season, it was reported that Tigers star half Benji Marshall was being investigated into an alleged assault in the early hours of Saturday, 5 March. This incident occurred just days after Marshall was announced as the face of rugby league for 2011 and hours after Marshall appeared at an event for the charity he helped create, "Footy Rocks".
Match Results.
Finals Series.
March.
The Tigers started the season with an away loss to the Canterbury Bulldogs. Tigers prop Bryce Gibbs was a late withdrawal from the game, with Andrew Fifita replacing him in the starting lineup. The first try of the game was scored by a length-of-the-field try to Bulldogs outside back Josh Morris in the 27th minute. The Tigers hit back six minutes later with a good backline move which saw Benji Marshall throwing a cut-out pass to Lote Tuqiri to score the opening try of the Tigers account for 2011. Tuqiri has scored the opening try of the season for the Tigers for the second time in a row. Marshall missed the conversion from the sideline and the Tigers trailed 6-4 at halftime. The Tigers were first to score after the break through Chris Lawrence, with another Marshall assist, but tries to Pritchard and Keating saw the Bulldogs leading 16-8 after 64 minutes. Marshall then scored a try himself and converted it with 11 minutes remaining. But that was to be the closest the Tigers would get, as Steve Turner scored for the 'Dogs in the 75th minute, to seal the points with a 24-14 victory. Liam Fulton lead the tackle count for the Tigers with 44, with captain Robbie Farah also making a strong contribution with 38.
Tigers Lineup: McKinnon; Tuqiri, Ayshford, Lawrence, Utai; Marhsall, Lui; Fifita, Farah (c), Galloway, Fulton, Ellis, Heighington. "Interchange:" Moltzen, Dwyer, Payten, Woods.
Liam Fulton was ruled out before the teams were announced on Tuesday with a shoulder injury sustained in the Week 1 loss to the Bulldogs. Simon Dwyer was named in the run-on side. Gareth Ellis was in doubt a couple days before the match and that was confirmed at kick-off, when he and fellow big-man Bryce Gibbs also withdraw from the game. They were replaced by the Schirnack brothers. The Tigers opened up their account for 2011 with their first home game of the season, played at Leichhardt Oval. The error count was high and tries were hard to come by, but the Tigers eventually managed to come from behind to get the win. A first half Chris Lawrence try was cancelled out minutes later by Simon Mannering and the score was 6-6 at the break. Krisnan Inu managed to find himself scoring from dummy-half in the corner in the 50th minute, after some freakish lead-up work by Inu the play before. A side-line conversion by Seymour gave the visitors a 12-6 lead. With less than twenty minutes remaining the Tigers stepped it up to send Ayshford and the skipper, Farah, over to put the Tigers in the lead. Another try to Lawrence sealed the win in the 74th minute.
Tigers Lineup: McKinnon; Tuqiri, Ayshford, Lawrence, Utai; Marshall, Lui; Fifita, Farah (c), Galloway, Dwyer, A.Schirnack, Heighington. "Interchange:" Moltzen, Woods, Payten, J.Schirnack
Coming into the game the Tigers were again without influential second-rowers Fulton and Ellis, and the team fielded a similar line-up to the previous week. To add to their injury woes, however, Tuqiri only lasted 49 minutes coming off with a suspected broken arm. Chris Lawrence was also rushed to Campbelltown Hospital to relocate a dislocated hip with six minutes left in the game. The Tigers will be without both their left-sided attackers for several weeks. The Tigers started well, scoring the first try through Lawrence and ended the half with a commanding 16-4 lead. They went on to control much of the second half sealing the game after 69 minutes with a 34-10 lead. Disappointingly for fans and coach Tim Sheens, the Tigers let in three tries in the final ten minutes, including a 90-metre dash by Blake Ferguson to give the Raiders some credibility to the scoreline.
Tigers Lineup: McKinnon; Tuqiri, Ayshford, Lawrence, Utai; Marshall, Lui; Fifita, Farah (c), Galloway, Dwyer, Payten, Heighington. "Interchange:" Moltzen, Woods, J.Schirnack, A.Schirnack.
April.
The Tigers again had to field a depleted side without regular starters Tuqiri, Lawrence, Fulton, and Ellis, as well as Footy Show star and right winger Beau Ryan still sidelined with his pre-season injury. Bryce Gibbs was also expected not to play, but was a late inclusion to side wearing jersey number 20. This meant the naming of halfback Jacob Miller for his debut. Mitch Brown was recalled to replace Tuqiri, Tim Moltzen was selected in the centres and Geoff Daniela was named in the side for the first time this season on the bench. A quick reshuffle to the originally selected side meant that Miller had to wait 64 minutes before making his debut, with Moltzen switching to halfback and Daniela starting in the centres. Jason Schirnack was omitted from the team altogether. The Roosters came out crowing, scoring two tries in 13 minutes over the wounded Tigers outfit. The Tigers got one back straight after half-time through Aaron Woods, but were no real match for the 2010 Runners-Up. In a comical event seven minutes into the second-half, Roosters five-eighth Todd Carney bolted over referee Tony Archer after screaming through a line-break. The Roosters went on to score two minutes later through fullback Anthony Minichiello. With Roosters leading 18-6 with ten minutes to go, Minichiello was then sin binned for a professional foul (deliberately raking the ball from Tigers captain Robbie Farah after his line-break). However, the Tigers were unable to capitalize on the extra-man advantage, and it was the Roosters next to score through a magnificent inside ball from Pearce to Carney. The Roosters came away with the points with a 24-6 win.
Tigers Lineup: 1. McKinnon; 2. Brown, 3. Ayshford, 14. Daniela, 5. Utai; 6. Marshall, 4. Moltzen; 8. Fifita, 9. Farah (c), 10. Galloway, 11. Dwyer, 13. Heighington, 20. Gibbs. "Interchange:" 7. Miller, 12. A.Schirnack, 16. Woods, 17. Payten.
Round 5 - Heritage Round: Arch-old enemies the South Sydney Rabbitohs were the Tigers opponents for this historic celebration. It was the first match back from injury for Gareth Ellis, after initially not being named in the squad, Ellis passed a fitness test late in the week to become available. The unlucky player to miss out was Aaron Woods. The Rabbitohs got on the board early with some good footwork and passing from Chris Sandow and running by Roy Asotasi. The Rabbits seemed to dominate possession early in the match, but some good Tigers defence held them at bay. It took some individual brilliance from Benji Marshall to get the Tigers going. From the scrum win, he dodged, weaved and dummied his way into a hole from nothing to race 40 metres to score and convert his try. Still the Tigers defence looked strong and in the 35th minute another long range try was scored to Wade McKinnon off the back of some excellent work from skipper Robbie Farah out of dummy-half. The Tigers went to the break 12-6 in the lead. The Tigers were first to score upon resumption to Mitch Brown in the corner. They extended their lead to 22-6 moments later, in the 49th minute, when Marshall sent Simon Dwyer through a roaring gap to score. A penalty goal would all but seal victory in the 65th minute, but the Tigers weren't finished. Again Marshall sent Dwyer over in the 69th minute to stretch the lead to 30-6, and there the score would remain. With five minutes to go Marshall was sent to the sin bin for a profession foul (holding Souths back-rower Dave Taylor down too long). Marshall left the field to standing ovation for all his efforts on the night. The man-of-the-match award would go to Dwyer however, for his two tries and 31 tackles. This big victory was set up by some stunning Tigers defence in the first half. Injuries to Keith Galloway and Geoff Daniela put a dampener on an otherwise brilliant Tigers performance.
Tigers Lineup: 1. McKinnon; 2. Brown, 3. Ayshford, 4. Daniela, 5. Utai; 6. Marshall, 7. Moltzen; 8. Gibbs, 9. Farah (c), 10. Galloway, 11. Dwyer, 18. Ellis, 13. Heighington. "Interchange:" 12. A.Schirnack, 14. Miller, 15. Fifita, 17. Payten.
The Tigers started without three players originally named at the start of the week: McKinnon, Ryan, and Woods. This meant call-ups for NSW Cup players, winger Sam Latu, fullback Sean Meaney, and back-rower Mark Flanagan for the first time this season. Moltzen switched to fullback and young Jacob Miller started at halfback in his stead. The Tigers couldn't have asked for any more of a perfect start. From the first set of six, the Titans dropped the ball and the Tigers were on the attack. They got a repeat set when Miller grubbered the ball into the in-goal where Capewell was caught. From the resultant set, the Titans got the ball, when a Tigers kick failed to make it past the defence. Titans halfback, Scott Prince, however, decided to throw a flick pass inside his own 20 metres which failed to find its target. The Tigers got the ball back and this time did not pass up the opportunity to take some points. A brilliantly executed kick from Marshall in behind the defensive line saw a rampaging Simon Dwyer diving to ground the ball over the line. This set the tone for the next twenty minutes. The Tigers turned down the opportunity to score a try in the ninth, opting for a penalty conversion. Marshall extended the lead by two points. They would be invited back into Titans territory when Prince kicked the ball out on the full from the resultant kick-off. The Tigers scored through Chris Heighington in the eleventh minute, cleaning up the scraps on a last play kick. The Tigers would continue to dominate the match, until the Titans hit back with two quick tries to William Zillman in the 25th and 28th minute. At half-time, the Tigers would remain in the lead 14-8. The second half began as a polar opposite to the first. The Tigers were the ones playing ordinary, drop-ball football and the Titans had more opportunities. Off the back of a penalty, Scott Prince scored a fantastic solo try when he threw a dummy and sliced through the Tigers defence to level the scores in the 73rd minute. The Titans then got their second win of the season with what would end up being the last play of the match. As the Tigers looked to put pressure on a potential field goal attempt, Minichiello simply strolled over the line off a Nathan Friend short pass, one out from the ruck.
Tigers Lineup: 7. Moltzen; 19. Latu, 3. Ayshford, 4. Brown, 5. Utai; 6. Marshall, 14. Miller; 8. Gibbs, 9. Farah, 10. Payten, 11. Dwyer, 12. Ellis, 13. Heighington. "Interchange:" 15. Fifita, 16, A.Schirnack, 18. Meaney, 20. Flanagan.

</doc>
<doc id="31150328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150328" title="Mike DeStefano">
Mike DeStefano

Mike DeStefano (November 29, 1966 – March 6, 2011) was an American stand-up comedian. He used material from his heroin addiction, which began at age 15, and his recovery in brutally honest, profanity-laced routines. He also was a drug counselor to others.
Career.
His first gig was in Florida, and that convinced him there was something to live for, and that he had options outside of taking his own life. His second gig was at a Narcotics Anonymous convention in Atlanta, Georgia, where he stepped before the microphone after a rained-out pool party and started ranting about drugs.
A regular at clubs in New York and around the country, DeStefano gained popularity after appearing on television on Comedy Central’s "Live at Gotham". He also appeared on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", Showtime's "Whiteboyz in the Hood" and other radio and television shows, and at popular comedy festivals, most notably US Comedy Arts Festival and Montreal's "Just for Laughs" festival. In 2010, he competed in the seventh season of NBC's "Last Comic Standing" and finished in fourth place.
On October 9, 2010 DeStefano appeared with Jim Norton, Rich Vos and Robert Kelly in the Comedy Central stand-up special "Comics Anonymous"; all four comedians appearing in the special were former addicts who had been clean and sober for 10 years or more. DeStefano was also an executive producer on the special, which was dedicated to their friend, comedian Greg Giraldo, who had died of a drug overdose the month before.
Death.
On March 6, 2011, Mike DeStefano died as a result of a heart attack. His death came hours after filming a video for funnyordie.com. DeStefano's funeral was held three days later on March 9 as well as March 10 at the Schuyler Hill Funeral Home in New York.
Unfinished Projects.
DeStefano's death came just days before he was scheduled to perform his one-man show, "A Cherry Tree in the Bronx", in New York. He had just finished a run of shows titled "Drugs, Disease and Death: A Comedy", which was largely based on being HIV positive, his past drug addiction and his wife Fran's death several years earlier after her drug addiction and affliction with AIDS.

</doc>
<doc id="31150335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150335" title="Chepino Saddle">
Chepino Saddle

Chepino Saddle (, ‘Chepinska Sedlovina’ \'che-pin-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is the saddle of elevation 2500 m in north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, linking Probuda Ridge to the southwest to Bangey Heights to the northeast. It is part of the glacial divide between Embree Glacier to the north and Ellen Glacier to the south.
The saddle is named after the settlement of Chepino in Western Bulgaria and the homonymous Chepino Valley in Southern Bulgaria.
Location.
Chepino Saddle is centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31150336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150336" title="Bubnov">
Bubnov

Bubnov () or Bubnow () is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31150340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150340" title="Justin Graham">
Justin Graham

Justin Jaymes Graham (born September 10, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for BK Inter Bratislava of Slovak Extraliga. Graham played college basketball at San Jose State University.
Early life and high school.
When Graham was in second grade, he met future San Jose State teammate Adrian Oliver. They would next play in the same Amateur Athletic Union team while in high school. At Ripon High School, Graham was a Division IV all-state selection in 2006 and led his team and league in scoring, assists, blocked shots and steals that year. In the fall of 2005, Graham signed a National Letter of Intent to play for the San Jose State Spartans. San Jose State signed him on November 9, 2005.
College career.
After redshirting the 2006-07 season, Graham averaged 2.9 assists per game and became the first San Jose State freshman to lead the team in assists. His next two seasons, Graham played or started in every game of the season. In the 2008-09 season, Graham was a conference leader in steals and assists: in the WAC, he had the second-most average assists per game and third-most steals. Before Graham's first playing season, coach George Nessman felt that Graham had "a chance to develop into a major difference-maker." On January 7, 2008, Graham scored on a jumper that would permanently put San Jose State in the lead over Santa Clara, and San Jose State won 62-59. Graham received his B.A. in communications in 2010., and his M.A. in Kinesiology in 2013.
In a four-overtime, 102-101 home loss to Boise State on January 7, 2011, Graham played all 60 minutes and scored 29 points, matching his career scoring high. With 50 seconds remaining in the second half, Graham scored a three-pointer and had San Jose State trailing 72-69; he then scored the tying jumper to force overtime. On February 23, 2011, Graham became the all-time leader in career assists at San Jose State in a 72-70 overtime victory over New Mexico State. That game was televised nationally on ESPN2, and New Mexico State won the 2010 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament.
Along with Adrian Oliver, Graham made the WAC all-defense team and was a first team all-WAC pick.
Professional career.
Vanoli Cremona (2011).
Graham signed with the Italian team Vanoli Cremona in August 2011. Graham played in two pre-season games. On September 6, Graham scored 11 points in Vanoli's 110-87 win over Scaligera Basket Verona. However, Vanoli lost the ENERCOM Trophy game on September 12 to Montepaschi Siena, 83-77, and Graham scored 2 points.
Bakersfield Jam (2011).
The Bakersfield Jam drafted Graham as the eighth pick in the third round of the 2011 NBA Development League Draft, 39th overall. On December 2, the Jam waived Graham due to injury. In 5 games with the Jam, Graham averaged 5.2 points, 2 rebounds, and 2.6 assists per game. The Jam re-acquired Graham on December 14 but waived him again on December 22.
Inter Bratislava (2012–present).
Graham signed with BK Inter Bratislava of Slovak Extraliga on September 28, 2012. In his debut with Inter Bratislava on October 6, Graham scored 15 points from making 6 of 10 field goals and 3 of 3 free throws. He also had 7 rebounds and a steal. On October 29, Graham scored a season-high 29 points in Bratislava's 102-88 win over SKP Banska Bystrica. Inter Bratislava won the Slovak Extraliga championship for the season, and Graham finished the season averaging 11.7 points, 6.1 rebounds, and 2.6 assists. In Bratislava's 82-80 win over MBK Rieker Komarno on June 1 to clinch the championship series, Graham scored 10 points on 3-for-3 field goal shooting and 4-for-6 free throw shooting; Graham also had 4 rebounds and 1 assist.
Personal life.
Both of Graham's parents, Steve Graham and Shari Hernandez, played college basketball at California State University, Stanislaus. Born in Turlock, California, Justin Graham's younger sister Jessica played basketball at the University of Idaho, another WAC school, and their parents divorced when Justin was four. He is also a step-grandson of Neal Walk, a former center for the Phoenix Suns who was the second overall pick of the 1969 NBA Draft.
Because Graham was diagnosed with vitiligo, he chooses to grow his hair long to prevent skin cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="31150365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150365" title="British Asian Trust">
British Asian Trust

The British Asian Trust was founded in 2007 by a group of British Asian business leaders at the suggestion of Prince Charles It is one of 20 Princes Charities. Founded by HRH The Prince of Wales and led by the community, The British Asian Trust aims to transform lives by investing in charities making the greatest impact on poverty in South Asia and the UK. The Trust works for lasting change by increasing the power of charitable giving in the critical areas of education, health and livelihoods.
Since its establishment in 2007, the Trust has touched the lives of 350,000 disadvantaged people in Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Sir Lanka and the UK. Currently 12 charities receive support and over £1 million has been leveraged in matched funding through four major co-funders.
Scope.
The British Asian Trust works to tackle urgent problems facing disadvantaged communities in South Asia and the UK. It supports 11 local charity partners in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and the UK.
Focus.
Funding for Trust charity partners is divided into three areas: livelihoods (43 percent), education (36 percent) and health (21 percent).
Livelihoods.
To create livelihoods for people living in poverty, The Trust works with Mann Deshi Udyogini Business School for Rural Women, India Saath, India; Barefoot College, India; Bharti Foundation, India; The Prince’s Charities, UK Street League, UK and B’Yeah, Bangladesh.
Education.
Education charities supported by the Trust are: Developments in Literacy, Pakistan; and Mumbai Mobile Crèches, India.
Health.
Health charities receiving funding from the Trust are The Layton Rahmatulla Benevolent Trust, Wells for India and The Jal Bhagirathi Foundation, India.
Ambassadors and Directors.
As of February 2014, thirty four ambassadors from the worlds of television, film, sport and cuisine support the Trust including comedian Sanjeev Bhaskar, cricketer Isa Guha, celebrity chef Atul Kochhar, popular boyband One Direction's Zayn Malik, BBC News presenter Mishal Husain and entrepreneur James Caan.
On the Board of Trustees, headed by Chairman Manoj Badale, are Asif Rangoonwala, Salman Mahdi, Chris Mathias and Rajan Singh. The Executive Director is Hitan Mehta.

</doc>
<doc id="31150370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150370" title="Candle in the Window">
Candle in the Window

Candle in the Window is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Joan Kennedy. It was released by MCA Records in 1990. The album peaked at number 26 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31150380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150380" title="Bezden Peak">
Bezden Peak

Bezden Peak (, ‘Vrah Bezden’ \'vr&h 'bez-den\) is the peak rising to 2900 m in the Bangey Heights of north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is surmounting Patleyna Glacier to the north and Ellen Glacier to the south.
The peak is named after the settlement of Bezden in Western Bulgaria.
Location.
Bezden Peak is located at , which is 4.26 km east-northeast of Mount Todd, 9.9 km southeast of Mount Goldthwait, 3.23 km south of Golemani Peak and 5.6 km north-northwest of Voysil Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31150404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150404" title="Water scarcity in Africa">
Water scarcity in Africa

Water scarcity or lack of safe drinking water is one of the world's leading problems affecting more than 1.1 billion people globally, meaning that one in every six people lacks access to safe drinking water. The Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation set up by the World Health Organization (WHO) and United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) defines safe drinking water as "water with microbial, chemical and physical characteristics that meets WHO guidelines or national standards on drinking water quality." Hydrologists generally assess water scarcity by looking at a population-to-water equation that treats 1,700 cubic meters per person as the national threshold for meeting water requirements for agricultural and industrial production, energy, and the environment. Availability below the threshold of 1,000 cubic meters represents a state of "water scarcity", while anything below 500 cubic meters represents a state of "absolute scarcity". 
As of 2006, one third of all nations suffered from clean water scarcity, but Sub-Saharan Africa had the largest number of water-stressed countries of any other place on the planet and of an estimated 800 million people who live in Africa, 300 million live in a water stressed environment. According to findings presented at the 2012 Conférence on "Water Scarcity in Africa: Issues and Challenges", it is estimated that by 2030, 75 million to 250 million people in Africa will be living in areas of high water stress, which will likely displace anywhere between 24 million and 700 million people as conditions become increasingly unlivable.
Impact on development.
Health.
The most immediately apparent impact of water scarcity in Africa is on the continent's health. With a complete lack of water, humans can only live up to 3 to 5 days on average. This often forces those living in water deprived regions to turn to unsafe water resources, which, according to the World Health Organization, contributes to the spread of waterborne diseases including malaria, typhoid fever, cholera, dysentery and diarrhea, and can lead to diseases such as trachoma, plague, and typhus. Additionally, water scarcity causes many people to store water within the household, which increases the risk of household water contamination and incidents of malaria and dengue fever spread by mosquitos. These waterborne diseases are not usually found in developed countries because of sophisticated water treatment systems that filter and chlorinate water, but for those living with less developed or non-existent water infrastructure, natural, untreated water sources often contain tiny disease-carrying worms and bacteria. Although many of these waterborne sicknesses are treatable and preventable, they are nonetheless one of the leading causes of disease and death in the world. Globally, 2.2 million people die each year from diarrhea-related disease, and at any given time fifty percent of all hospital beds in the world are occupied by patients suffering from water-related diseases. Infants and children are especially susceptible to these diseases because of their young immune systems, which lends to elevated infant mortality rates in many regions of Africa.
When infected with these waterborne diseases, those living in African communities suffering from water scarcity cannot contribute to the community’s productivity and development because of a simple lack of strength. Additionally, individual, community, and governmental economic resources are sapped by the cost of medicine to treat waterborne diseases, which takes away from resources that might have potentially been allocated in support of food supply or school fees. Also, in term of governmental funding, the Water Supply and Sanitation Collaborative Council (WSSCC) estimates that in Sub-Saharan Africa, treatment of diarrhea due to water contamination consumes 12% of the country’s health budget. With better water conditions, the burden on healthcare would be less substantial, while a healthier workforce would stimulate economic growth and help alleviate the prevalence of poverty.
Agriculture.
The Human Development Report reports that human use of water is mainly allocated to irrigation and agriculture. In developing areas, such as those within Africa, agriculture accounts for more than 80% of water consumption. This is due to the fact that it takes about 3,500 liters of water to produce enough food for the daily minimum of 3,000 calories, and food production for a typical family of four takes a daily amount of water equivalent to the amount of water in an olympic-sized swimming pool. Because the majority of Africa remains dependent on an agricultural lifestyle and 80% to 90% of all families in rural Africa rely upon producing their own food, water scarcity translates to a loss of food security. At this point, with less than a third of the contient's potential using irrigation most of rural African communities are not tapping into their irrigation potential, and according to the UN Economic Commission for Africa and New Partnership for Africa’s Development, "irrigation is key to achieving increased agricultural production that is important for economic development and for attaining food security". The doubling of Africa's irrigated land is currently high on many political agendas, which can potentially be addressed through markets, commodity selection, ownership, land tenure, reliable water storage, and international agreements.
But for many regions, there is a lack of financial and human resources to support infrastructure and technology required for proper crop irrigation. Because of this, the impact of droughts, floods, and desertification is greater in terms of both African economic loss and human life loss due to crop failure and starvation. Additionally, lack of water causes many Africans to use wastewater for crop growth, causing a large number of people to consume foods that can contain chemicals or disease-causing organisms transferred by the wastewater. Thus, for the extremely high number of African areas suffering from water scarcity issues, investing in development means sustainably withdrawing from clean freshwater sources, ensuring food security by expanding irrigation areas, and effectively managing the effects of climate change.
Education.
Available clean water for women and children in Africa translates to greater potential for education, and thus prosperity, power, literacy, hygiene, security, and equality.
Women.
African women and men's divergent social positions lead to differences in water responsibilities, rights, and access, and so African women are disproportionally burdened by scarcity of clean drinking water. In most African societies, women are seen as the collectors, managers, and guardians of water, especially within the domestic sphere that includes household chores, cooking, washing, and child rearing. Because of these traditional gender labor roles, women are forced to spend around sixty percent of each day collecting water, which translates to approximately 200 million collective work hours by women globally per day and a decrease in the amount of time available for education. Water scarcity exacerbates this issue, as indicated by the correlation of decrease in access to water with a decrease in combined primary, secondary, and tertiary enrollment of women.
For African women, their daily role in clean water retrieval often means carrying the typical jerrycan that can weigh over 40 pounds when full for an average of six kilometers each day. This has health consequences such as permanent skeletal damage from carrying heavy loads of water over long distances each day, which translates to a physical strain that contributes to increased stress, increased time spent in health recovery, and decreased ability to not only physically attend educational facilities, but also mentally absorb education due to the effect of stress on decision-making and memory skills. Also in terms of health access to safe and clean drinking water leads to greater protection from water-born illnesses which increases women's capabilities to attend school.
The detriment water scarcity has on educational attainment for women in turn affects the social and economic capital of women in terms of leadership, earnings, and working opportunities. As a result of this, many women are unable to hold professional employment. The lost number of potential school days and education hinders the next generation of African women from breaking out of the cycle of unequal opportunity for gainful employment, which serves to perpetuate the prevalence of unequal opportunity for African women and adverse effects associated with lacking income from gainful employment. Thus, improved access to water influences women's allocation of time, level of education, and as a result their potential for higher wages associated with recognized and gainful employment.
Children.
In addition, the issue of water scarcity in Africa prevents many young children, especially girls, from attending school and receiving an education. They are expected to not only aid their mothers in water retrieval, but to also help with the demands of household chores that are made more time-intensive because of a lack of readily available water. Furthermore, a lack of clean water means the absence of sanitary facilities and latrines in schools, and so once puberty hits, this has a more serious impact on female children. In terms of lost educational opportunity, it is estimated that this would result in 272 million more school attendance days per year if adequate investment were made in drinking water and sanitation.
For parents, an increase in access to reliable water resources reduces vulnerability to shocks, which allows for increased livelihood security and for families to allocate a greater portion of their resources to caring for their children. This means improved nutrition for children, a reduction in school days missed due to health issues, and greater flexibility to spend resources on providing for the direct costs associated with sending children to school. And if families escape forced migration due to water scarcity, children's educational potential is even further improved with better stability and uninterrupted school attendance.
Productivity and development.
Poverty is directly related to the accessibility of clean drinking water- without it, the chances of breaking out of the poverty trap are extremely slim. This concept of a "water poverty trap" was developed by economists specifically observing sub-Saharan Africa and refers to a cycle of financial poverty, low agricultural production, and increasing environmental degradation. In this negative feedback loop, this creates a link between the lack of water resources with the lack of financial resources that effect all societal levels including individual, household, and community. Within this poverty trap, people are subjected to low incomes, high fixed costs of water supply facilities, and lack of credit for water investments, which results in a low level of investment in water and land resources, lack of investment in profit-generating activities, resource degradation, and chronic poverty. Compounding on this, in the slums of developing countries, poor people typically pay five to ten times more per unit of water than do people with access to piped water because of issues - including the lack of infrastructure and government corruption - which is estimated to raise the prices of water services by 10% to 30%.
So, the social and economic consequences of a lack of clean water penetrate into realms of education, opportunities for gainful employment, physical strength and health, agricultural and industrial development, and thus the overall productive potential of a community, nation, and/or region. Because of this, the UN estimates that Sub-Saharan Africa alone loses 40 billion potential work hours per year collecting water.
Conflict.
The explosion of populations in developing nations within Africa combined with climate change is causing extreme strain within and between nations. In the past, countries have worked to resolve water tensions through negotiation, but there is predicted to be an escalation in aggression over water accessibility.
Africa's susceptibility to potential water-induced conflict can be separated into four regions: the Nile, Niger, Zambezi, and Volta basins. Running through Egypt, Ethiopia, and Sudan, the Nile's water has the potential to spark conflict and unrest. In the region of the Niger, the river basin extends from Guinea through Mali and down to Nigeria. Especially for Mali - one of the world's poorest countries - the river is vital for food, water and transportation, and its over usage is contributing to an increasingly polluted and unusable water source. In southern Africa, the Zambezi river basin is one of the world's most over-used river systems, and so Zambia and Zimbabwe compete fiercely over it. Additionally, in 2000, Zimbabwe caused the region to experience the worst flooding in recent history when the country opened the Kariba Dam gates. Finally, within the Volta river basin, Ghana is dependent on its hydroelectric output, but plagued by regular droughts which effect the production of electricity from the Akosombo Dam and limit Ghana's ability to sustain economic growth. Paired with the constraints this also puts on Ghana's ability to provide power for the area, this could potentially contribute to regional instability.
At this point, federal intelligence agencies have issued the joint judgment that in the next ten years, water issues are not likely to cause internal and external tensions that lead to the intensification war. But if current rates of consumption paired with climatic stress continue, levels of water scarcity in Africa are predicted by UNECA to reach dangerously high levels by 2025. This means that by 2022 there is the potential for a shift in water scarcity's potential to contribute to armed conflict. Based on the classified National Intelligence Estimate on water security, requested by Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and completed in Fall 2011, after 2022 water will be more likely to be used as a weapon of war and potential tool for terrorism, especially in North Africa. On World Water Day, the State Department stated that water stress, "will likely increase the risk of instability and state failure, exacerbate regional tensions and distract countries from working with the United States on important policy objectives." Specifically referring to the Nile in Egypt, Sudan, and nations further south, the report predicts that upstream nations will limit access to water for political reasons, and that terrorists may target water related infrastructures, such as reservoirs and dams, more frequently. Because of this, the World Economic Forum’s 2011 Global Risk Report has included water as one of the world’s top five risks for the first time.
Reasons for scarcity.
Climate change.
According to the Africa Partnership Forum, “Although Africa is the continent least responsible for climate change, it is particularly vulnerable to the effects,” and the long-term impacts include, “changing rainfall patterns affecting agriculture and reducing food security; worsening water security; decreasing fish resources in large lakes due to rising temperature; shifting vector-borne diseases; rising sea level affecting low-lying coastal areas with large populations; and rising water stress”.
More specifically, the Human Development Report predicts warming paired with 10% less rainfall in interior regions of Africa, which will be amplified by water loss due to water loss increase from rising temperature. This warming will be greatest over the semi-arid regions of the Sahara, along the Sahel, and interior areas of southern Africa. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports that climate change in Africa has manifested itself in more intense and longer droughts in the subtropics and tropics, while arid or semi-arid areas in northern, western, eastern, and parts of southern Africa are becoming drier and more susceptible to variability of precipitation and storms.
The Human Development Report goes on to explain that because of Africa’s dependence on rain-fed agriculture, widespread poverty, and weak capacity, the water issues caused by climate change impact the continent much more violently compared to developed nations that have the resources and economic diversity to deal with such global changes. This heightened potential for drought and falling crop yields will most likely lead to increased poverty, lower incomes, less secure livelihoods, and an increased threat of chronic hunger for the poorest people in sub-Saharan Africa. Overall this means that water stress caused by changing amounts of precipitation is particularly damaging to Africa and thus climate change is one of the major obstacles the continent must face when trying to secure reliable and clean sources of water.
Physical scarcity and economic scarcity.
Water scarcity is both a natural and human-made phenomenon. It is thus essential to break it down into two general types: Economic scarcity and physical scarcity. Economic scarcity refers to the fact that finding a reliable source of safe water is time consuming and expensive. Alternatively, physical scarcity is when there simply is not enough water within a given region.
The 2006 United Nations Economic Commission for Africa estimates that 300 million out of the 800 million who live on the African continent live in a water-scarce environment. Specifically in the very north of Africa, as well the very south of Africa, the rising global temperatures accompanying climate change have intensified the hydrological cycle that leads to dryer dry seasons, thus increasing the risk of more extreme and frequent droughts. This significantly impacts the availability, quality and quantity of water due to reduced river flows and reservoir storage, lowering of water tables and drying up of aquifers in the northern and southern regions of Africa.
Included in the category of physical scarcity is the issue of overexploitation. This is contributing to the shrinking of many of Africa's great lakes, including the Nakivale, Nakaru, and Lake Chad, which has shrunk to 10% of its former volume. In terms of policy, the incentives for overuse are among the most damaging, especially concerning ground water extraction. For ground water, once the pump is installed, the policy of many countries is to only constrain removal based on the cost of electricity, and in many cases subsidize electricity costs for agricultural uses, which damages incentives to conserve such resources. Additionally, many countries within Africa set the cost of water well below cost-recovery levels, thus discouraging efficient usage and threatening sustainability.
The majority of Sub-Saharan Africa suffers from economic scarcity because of the population’s lack of the necessary monetary means to utilize adequate sources of water. Both political reasons and ethnic conflict have contributed to this unequal distribution of resources. Out of the two forms of water scarcity, economic scarcity can be addressed quickly and effectively with simple infrastructure to collect rainwater from roofs and dams, but this requires economic resources that many of these areas lack due to an absence of industrial development and widespread poverty.
Regional Variance.
Northern Africa and Sub-Saharan Africa are progressing towards the Millennium Development Goal on water at different paces. While Northern Africa has 92% safe water coverage, Sub-Saharan Africa remains at a low 60% of coverage - leaving 40% of the 783 million people in that region without access to clean drinking water.
Some of these differences in clean water availability can be attributed to Africa's extreme climates. Although Sub-Saharan Africa has a plentiful supply of rainwater, it is seasonal and unevenly distributed - leading to frequent floods and droughts. Additionally, prevalent economic development and poverty issues, compounded with rapid population growth and rural-urban migration have rendered Sub-Saharan Africa as the world's poorest and least developed region. Thus, this poverty constrains many cities in this region from providing clean water and sanitation services and preventing the further deterioration of water quality even when opportunities exist to address these water issues. Additionally, the rapid population growth leads to an increased number of African settlements on flood-prone, high-risk land.
Addressing the issue.
International and Non-Governmental Organization's efforts.
To adequately address the issue of water scarcity in Africa, the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa emphasizes the need to invest in the development of Africa’s potential water resources to reduce unnecessary suffering, ensure food security, and protect economic gains by effectively managing droughts, floods, and desertification. Some suggested and ongoing efforts to achieve this include an emphasis on infrastructural implementations and improvements of wells, rainwater catchment systems, and clean-water storage tanks.
Efforts made by the United Nations in compliance with the Millennium Development Goals have targeted water scarcity not just for Africa, but globally. The compiled list includes eight international development goals, seven of which are directly impacted by water scarcity. Access to water affects poverty, food scarcity, educational attainment, social and economic capital of women, livelihood security, disease, and human and environmental health. Because addressing the issue of water is so integral to reaching the MDGs, one of the sub-goals includes halving the proportion of the globe’s population without sustainable access to safe drinking water by 2015. In March 2012, the UN announced that this goal has been met almost four years in advance, suggesting that global efforts to reduce water scarcity are on a successful trend.
As one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council, the United States plays an integral role in promoting solutions to aid with clean water scarcity. One of many efforts include USAID’s WASH- the WASH for Life partnership with the Gates Foundation- that works to promote water, sanitation, and hygiene. With this, the U.S. "will identify, test, and scale up evidence-based approaches for delivering these services to people in some of the poorest regions". Additionally, in March 2012, Hillary Clinton announced the U.S. Water Partnership, which will bring together people from the private sector, the philanthropic community, non-governmental organizations, academics, experts, and the government in an attempt to look for system-wide solutions. The technologies and ability to tackle the issue of water scarcity and cleanliness are present, but it is highly a matter of accessibility. Thus, the partnership will aim at making these solutions available and obtainable at a local level.
In addition to the role the United States, the United Nations, and other international governmental bodies, a number of NGOs have formed water charities centered around the goal of providing clean water for the continent by 2015. These charities are based on individual and group donations, which are then invested in a variety of methods and technologies to bring clean water to regions in Africa. Some notable NGOs working towards this goal include, but are not limited to:
Solutions and technologies.
The more basic solutions to help provide Africa with drinkable and usable water include well-digging, rain catchment systems, de-worming pills, and hand pumps, but high demand for clean water solutions has also prompted the development of some key creative solutions as well.
Some non-profit organizations have focused on the aspect of drinking water contamination from sewage waste by installing cost-effective and relatively maintenance-free toilets, such as Drop In The Bucket’s “Eco-sanitation Flush Toilet” or Pump Aid’s “Elephant Toilet”. The Elephant Toilet uses community-sourced resources in construction to build a relatively simple waste disposal mechanism that separates solids from liquids to promote faster decomposition and lower the impact on ground water. In comparison, the Eco-Sanitation Flush Toilet also uses no power of any kind, but actually treats sewage rather than just storing it so that the toilet’s output is only water. Both solutions are then simple for residents of African communities to maintain and have a notable impact on the cleanliness of local water sources.
Other solutions to clean water scarcity issues have focused on innovative pump systems, including hand-pumps, Water for People’s “Play Pumps”, and Pump Aid’s “Elephant Pumps”. All three designs are built to aid communities in drawing clean water from wells. The hand pump is the most basic and simple to repair, with replacement parts easily found. Using a more creative approach, Play Pumps combine child’s play with clean water extraction through the use of playground equipment, called a roundabout. The idea behind this is as children play on the roundabout, water will simultaneously be pumped from a reservoir tank to either toilets, hand-washing stations, or for drinking water. Some downsides to the PlayPump, though, are its inability to address situations of physical water scarcity and the danger of exploitation when children's play is equated with pumping water. Alternatively, Elephant Pumps are simple hand water pumps. After a well is prepared, a rope-pump mechanism is installed that is easy to maintain, uses locally sourced parts, and can be up and running in the time span of about a week. The Elephant Pump can provide 250 people with 40 litres of clean water per person per day.
Moving beyond sanitary waste disposal and pumps, clean water technology can now be found in the form of drinking straw filtration. Used as solution by Water Is Life, the straw is small, portable, and costs USD$10 per unit. The filtration device is designed to eliminate waterborne diseases, and as a result provide safe drinking water for one person for one year.
Overall, a wide range of cost-effective, manageable, and innovative solutions are available to help aid Africa in producing clean, disease-free water. Ultimately what it comes down to is using technology appropriate for each individual community’s needs. For the technology to be effective, it must conform to environmental, ethical, cultural, social, and economic aspects of each Africa community. Additionally, state governments, donor agencies, and technological solutions must be mindful of the gender disparity in access to water so as to not exclude women from development or resource management projects. If this can be done, with sufficient funding and aid to implement such technologies, it is feasible to eliminate clean water scarcity for the African continent by the Millennium Development Goal deadline of 2015.
Limitations.
Africa is home to both the largest number of water-scarce countries out of any region, as well as home to the most difficult countries to reach in terms of water aid. The prevalence of rural villages traps many areas in what the UN Economic Commission for Africa refers to as the "Harvesting Stage", which makes water-scarce regions difficult to aid because of a lack of industrial technology to make solutions sustainable. In addition to the geographic and developmental limiting factors, a number of political, economic reasons also stand in the way of ensuring adequate aid for Africa. Politically, tensions between local governments versus foreign non-governmental organizations impact the ability to successfully bring in money and aid-workers. Economically, urban areas suffer from extreme wealth gaps in which the overwhelming poor often pay four to ten times more for sanitary water than the elite, hindering the poor from gaining access to clean water technologies and efforts. As a result of all these factors, it is estimated that fifty percent of all water projects fail, less than five percent of projects are visited, and less than one percent have any long-term monitoring.

</doc>
<doc id="31150418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150418" title="Tumidotheres maculatus">
Tumidotheres maculatus

Tumidotheres maculatus is a species of crab that lives commensally or parasitically in the mantle cavity of molluscs. It is found along much of the western Atlantic Ocean and was first described by Thomas Say in 1818.
Distribution.
"Tumidotheres maculatus" has a wide range in the western Atlantic Ocean, extending from the seas of Martha's Vineyard (United States) to Golfo San Matías (Argentina).
Description.
There is conspicuous sexual dimorphism in "T. maculatus" which corresponds with the differing ecology of the two sexes. Males are typically less than in carapace width, and are able to leave the host. Females grow up to wide, and, having reached adulthood, spend their entire lives in the host.
Ecology.
"Tumidotheres maculatus" is an endosymbiont of molluscs; it is unclear whether the host is harmed by the crabs presence, that is whether the relationship is commensal or parasitic. It is associated with a wide range of mollusc hosts, most of which are bivalves. They include "Argopecten irradians", "Atrina rigida", "Modiolus americanus", "Mytilus edulis" and "Flexopecten felipponei". It has also been found in a tunicate of the genus "Molgula", in the tubes of the tubeworm "Chaetopterus variopedatus" and on the asteroid (starfish) "Asterias vulgaris".
In molluscan hosts, "T. maculatus" uses its legs to cling to the gills of its host, and feeds on strands of food aggregated by the host. Reported rates of infestation of "T. maculatus" on mollusc hosts vary widely, from 0%–20% on "Argopecten irradians" at St. Joseph Bay, Florida, to 97.6% on "Mytilus edulis" at Quicks Hole, Massachusetts.
Taxonomy.
"Tumidotheres maculatus" was first described by Thomas Say in 1818, under the name "Pinnotheres maculatus". It was transferred to the new genus "Tumidotheres", alongside "T. margarita" by Ernesto Campos in 1989. It may be the species referred to by Carl Linnaeus as "Cancer parasiticus" in his 1763 work "Centuria Insectorum", and the one he called "Cancer pinnophylax" in the 1767 12th edition of "Systema Naturae".

</doc>
<doc id="31150446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150446" title="Golemani Peak">
Golemani Peak

Golemani Peak (, ‘Vrah Golemani’ \'vr&h go-le-'ma-ni\) is the peak rising to 2800 m in the Bangey Heights of north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It surmounts Patleyna Glacier to the southwest, Marsa Glacier to the north and Padala Glacier to the east.
The peak is named after the settlements of Golemani and Golemanite in Northern Bulgaria.
Location.
Golemani Peak is located at , which is 3.23 km north of Bezden Peak, 6.17 km northeast of Mount Todd, 7.87 km southeast of Mount Goldthwait, 5.06 km south-southwest of Mount Schmid and 12.17 km west-northwest of Zimornitsa Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31150448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150448" title="Higher Ground (Joan Kennedy album)">
Higher Ground (Joan Kennedy album)

Higher Ground is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music artist Joan Kennedy. It was released by MCA Records in 1992. The album peaked at number 24 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31150452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150452" title="WIPI1">
WIPI1

WD repeat domain phosphoinositide-interacting protein 1 (WIPI-1), also known as Atg18 protein homolog (ATG18) and WD40 repeat protein interacting with phosphoinositides of 49 kDa (WIPI 49 kDa), is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "WIPI1" gene.
Structure and function.
WD40 repeat proteins are key components of many essential biologic functions. They regulate the assembly of multiprotein complexes by presenting a beta-propeller platform for simultaneous and reversible protein–protein interactions. Members of the WIPI subfamily of WD40 repeat proteins, such as WIPI1, have a 7-bladed propeller structure and contain a conserved motif for interaction with phospholipids.

</doc>
<doc id="31150459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150459" title="Neri Naig">
Neri Naig

Neri Naig (born 7 September 1985) is a Filipina actress. She was discovered after joining Star Circle Quest, a reality show of ABS-CBN in search of new actors and actresses and landed as the 6th runner-up.
Career.
She joined Star Circle Quest but was not able to bag the title. After an absence of several years, she is now staging a career comeback with the help of her manager, Boy Abunda. Recently, she has been featured in shows like "SCQ Reload: OK Ako!", "Nasaan Ka Man", "Ang Panday", "Sana Maulit Muli", "Ysabella" and a vampire in "Imortal".
Personal life.
Naig is currently in a relationship with Chito Miranda, vocalist of the band Parokya ni Edgar.
On August 3, 2013, three sex video snippets of Miranda having sex with three different women on different occasions were shown on YouTube. The video snippets with the other two women were taken down the same day, but the video with Naig became a viral hit that was shared in different blogs and social media sites. On his Twitter account, Miranda said his room was recently robbed. Among those stolen was his hard disk drive, where photo and video files were stored. On Parokya ni Edgar's Facebook page and on Miranda's Instagram page, Miranda expressed his sadness on the leaking of the private video. He also asked for forgiveness from both his and Naig's families.
A second more graphic clip, which is 11 minutes and 20 seconds long,different from the first video that spread in August was uploaded Monday afternoon on a Facebook page.
In early December 2013, it was officially announced that Miranda and Naig were engaged.

</doc>
<doc id="31150462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150462" title="Parul Sehgal">
Parul Sehgal

Parul Sehgal is an Indian American literary critic. She is an editor at "The New York Times Book Review", and her reviews are also published in "Bookforum", "Slate, Tin House, NPR.org", the "Literary Review", "O Magazine", "The Plain Dealer", "The Irish Times", and "Time Out New York".
Sehgal is notable for winning the prestigious 2010 National Book Critics Circle Award "Nona Balakian Citation for Excellence in Reviewing". She also won the 2008 Pan African Literary Forum’s OneWorld Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="31150468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150468" title="Rodionova">
Rodionova

Rodionova is a Slavic female surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31150484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150484" title="Bell of Good Luck">
Bell of Good Luck

The Bell of Good Luck () is a large bell located in Foquan Temple (佛泉寺) in Pingdingshan, Henan, China. It's close to one of the Spring Temple, one of the world's tallest Buddha statues. The bell weighs 116 metric tons, and is 8.108 metres in height and 5.118 metres in diameter at its widest point. The Bell of Good Luck therefore, at the time of its construction, claimed the title of heaviest functioning bell in the world.
The bell was cast in December 2000 and first rung at midnight on New Year's Eve the same month. The bell's shoulder section is adorned with 36 lotus petal patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="31150488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150488" title="Finnentrop–Freudenberg railway">
Finnentrop–Freudenberg railway

The Bigge Valley Railway () is a 24 kilometre long, single-tracked branch line from Finnentrop via Attendorn and Olpe to Freudenberg in western Germany. It is not electrified and the section of line from Olpe to Freudenberg is now closed. The section between Olpe and Finnentrop is regularly worked by local railway passenger services (SPNV). The line runs from Finnentrop to Wenden in the valley of the River Bigge.
From Finnentrop to Olpe the Bigge Valley Railway is operated as Route no. 442.

</doc>
<doc id="31150489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150489" title="Oreshak Peak">
Oreshak Peak

Oreshak Peak (, ‘Vrah Oreshak’ \'vr&h o-re-'shak\) is the peak rising to 2800 m in the Bangey Heights of north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is surmounting Patleyna Glacier to the south-southwest, Embree Glacier to the west and north, and Marsa Glacier to the east.
The peak is named after the settlements of Oreshak in Northern and Northeastern Bulgaria.
Location.
Oreshak Peak is located at , which is 1.75 km north-northwest of Golemani Peak, 6.86 km north-northeast of Mount Todd, 6.36 km east-southeast of Mount Goldthwait, 4.43 km southwest of Mount Schmid and 2.66 km west of Fucha Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31150502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150502" title="Pop Master">
Pop Master

"Pop Master" is the 24th single by Japanese singer and voice actress Nana Mizuki, released on April 13, 2011, together with her 23rd single, "Scarlet Knight".

</doc>
<doc id="31150511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150511" title="WDR45L">
WDR45L

WD repeat domain phosphoinositide-interacting protein 3 (WIPI-3), also known as WD repeat-containing protein 45-like is a protein that in humans is encoded by the gene.
Structure and function.
WIPI-3 is a member of the WIPI or SVP1 family of WD40 repeat-containing proteins. The protein contains seven WD40 repeats that are thought to fold into a beta-propeller structure that mediates protein–protein interactions, and a conserved motif for interaction with phospholipids.

</doc>
<doc id="31150529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150529" title="Gradnik">
Gradnik

Gradnik () is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Mass grave.
Gradnik is the site of a mass grave from the Second World War. The Pintarca Mass Grave () is located on the southwest slope of a large sinkhole about 700 m east of Omota. It contains the remains of four to six people killed by the Partisans in October 1943.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and belongs to Parish of Semič. It was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1523 and was restyled in the Baroque in the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31150532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150532" title="Fucha Peak">
Fucha Peak

Fucha Peak (, ‘Vrah Fucha’ \'vr&h 'fu-cha\) is the peak rising to 2600 m in the central part of Bangey Heights, north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It surmounts Marsa Glacier to the west and Padala Glacier to the southeast.
The peak is named after the settlements of Mala (Little) Fucha and Golema (Great) Fucha in Western Bulgaria.
Location.
Fucha Peak is located at , which is 2.45 km northeast of Golemani Peak, 2.66 km east of Oreshak Peak, 2.8 km south by west of Mount Schmid, and 11.43 km northwest of Zimornitsa Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31150551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150551" title="M. N. Kaul">
M. N. Kaul

Shri M.N. Kaul (16 Sept. 1901-20 November 1984) was former Secretary of 1st Lok Sabha, 2nd Lok Sabha and Secretary-General of 3rd Lok Sabha (Lower House of Parliament of India). He was appointed Secretary of Lok Sabha Constituted after the First General Election of Lok Sabha in India. He retired on 31 August 1964 at the age of 63 and after 17 years of service as Secretary.
Early Life and Career.
He was born in Kashmir and studied at University of Cambridge and London School of Economics. He also practised as a lawyer at Allahabad High Court.

</doc>
<doc id="31150554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150554" title="Hrib pri Cerovcu">
Hrib pri Cerovcu

Hrib pri Cerovcu (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies just north of Cerovec pri Črešnjevcu. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31150566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150566" title="Steven Van Broeckhoven">
Steven Van Broeckhoven

Steven Van Broeckhoven (27 September 1985) is a Belgian windsurfer, specialized in freestyle. In 2010 he was ranked #4 on the PWA overall ranking Freestyle Men.
Training.
Steven Van Broeckhoven had his first windsurfing experiences at the Vossemeren in Lommel, Belgium. After learning the basics, he started windsurfing at Lake Grevelingen in the Netherlands. Nowadays he trains at Tarifa, Kaapstad and Bonaire, but still refers to Lake Grevelingen as his homespot.
Major achievements.
2007
Recognition.
In 2009 Steven Van Broeckhoven was elected as "Rookie of the Year" by the PWA and in 2011 he won the "Zilveren Laurier", which symbolizes the "sportsman of the year of Limburg". He was also nominated "Yachtsman of the year 2010". On May 4, 2011 Steven Van Broeckhoven has won his first PWA World Cup title.
2011 1st PWA Freestyle, overall

</doc>
<doc id="31150572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150572" title="Hrib pri Rožnem Dolu">
Hrib pri Rožnem Dolu

Hrib pri Rožnem Dolu (; ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Rožni Dol in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31150582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150582" title="Kal, Semič">
Kal, Semič

Kal () is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local church is dedicated to Saint Leonard () and belongs to the Parish of Semič. It dates to the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31150593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150593" title="Antonio Sbardella">
Antonio Sbardella

Antonio Sbardella (17 October 1925 – 14 January 2002) was an Italian football player, referee and sports official. He is best known for refereeing at the 1970 FIFA World Cup.
Career.
Born in Palestrina near Rome, Sbardella first got involved in football playing as a goalkeeper at youth levels of the local powerhouse Lazio. However Sbardella never appeared in the Serie A as he failed to rise through the ranks at Lazio, and he eventually finished his playing career at Artiglio, a small Rome-based Serie C club. 
He then took up refereeing, and in his domestic career he officiated a total of 167 Serie A matches. Along with Concetto Lo Bello he was considered one of the top two Italian referees of the 1960s and 1970s.
The pinnacle of his career came at the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico, in which he refereed two matches, including the third place play-off between West Germany and Uruguay. Sbardella had been designated to referee the final, but was eventually replaced by East Germany's Rudi Glöckner because Italy national football team had reached the final.
In club football his highlights include officiating two Coppa Italia finals (the 1963 final between Atalanta and Torino and the 1966 final between Catanzaro and Fiorentina), and the second leg of the 1967 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup final between Leeds United and Dinamo Zagreb.
After retiring from refereeing, Sbardello became a sports official and was sports director at Lazio, Roma and Triestina football clubs in the 1970s and 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="31150612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150612" title="Komarna Vas">
Komarna Vas

Komarna Vas (; or "Obertappelwerch") is a village on the eastern edge of Kočevski Rog in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It was inhabited by Gottschee Germans that were mostly expelled in 1941 during the Second World War. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local church was burned down in 1942. It was dedicated to the Virgin Mary, Queen of All Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="31150618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150618" title="AKLT Model">
AKLT Model

The AKLT model is an extension of the one-dimensional quantum Heisenberg spin model. The proposal and exact solution of this model by Affleck, Lieb, Kennedy and Tasaki provided crucial insight into the physics of the spin-1 Heisenberg chain. It has also served as a useful testbed for such concepts as valence bond solid order, symmetry protected topological order and matrix product state wavefunctions.
Background.
A major motivation for the AKLT model was the Majumdar-Ghosh chain. Because two out of every set of three neighboring spins in a Majumdar-Ghosh ground state are paired into a singlet, or valence bond, the three spins together can never be found to be in a spin 3/2 state. In fact, the Majumdar-Ghosh Hamiltonian is nothing but the sum of all projectors of three neighboring spins onto a 3/2 state.
The main insight of the AKLT paper was that this construction could be generalized to obtain exactly solvable models for spin sizes other than 1/2. Just as one end of a valence bond is a spin 1/2, the ends of two valence bonds can be combined into a spin 1, three into a spin 3/2, etc.
Definition.
Affleck et al. were interested in constructing a one-dimensional state with a valence bond between every pair of sites. Because this leads to two spin 1/2s for every site, the result must be the wavefunction of a spin 1 system.
For every adjacent pair of the spin 1s, two of the four constituent spin 1/2s are stuck in a total spin zero state. Therefore each pair of spin 1s is forbidden from being in a combined spin 2 state. By writing this condition as a sum of projectors, AKLT arrived at the following Hamiltonian
formula_1
This Hamiltonian is similar to the spin 1, one-dimensional quantum Heisenberg spin model
but has an additional spin interaction term.
Ground State.
By construction, the ground state of the AKLT Hamiltonian is the valence bond solid with a single valence bond connecting every neighboring pair of sites. 
Pictorially, this may be represented as
Here the solid points represent spin 1/2s which are put into singlet states. The lines connecting the spin 1/2s are the valence bonds indicating the pattern of singlets. The ovals are projection operators which "tie" together two spin 1/2s into a single spin 1, projecting out the spin 0 or singlet subspace and keeping only the spin 1 or triplet subspace. The symbols +, 0 and - label the standard spin 1 basis states (eigenstates of the formula_2 operator).
Spin 1/2 Edge States.
For the case of spins arranged in a ring (periodic boundary conditions) the AKLT construction yields a unique ground state. But for the case of an open chain, the first and 
last spin 1 have only a single neighbor, leaving one of their constituent spin 1/2s unpaired. As a result, the ends of the chain behave like free spin 1/2 moments even though 
the system consists of spin 1s only.
The spin 1/2 edge states of the AKLT chain can be observed in a few different ways. For short chains, the edge states mix into a singlet or a triplet giving either a unique ground state or a three-fold multiplet of ground states. For longer chains, the edge states decouple exponentially quickly as a function of chain length leading to a ground state manifold that is four-fold degenerate. By using a numerical method such as DMRG to measure the local magnetization along the chain, it is also possible to see the edge states directly and to show that they can be removed by placing actual spin 1/2s at the ends. It has even proved possible to detect the spin 1/2 edge states in measurements of a quasi-1D magnetic compound containing a small amount of impurities whose role is to break the chains into finite segments.
Matrix Product State Representation.
The simplicity of the AKLT ground state allows it to be represented in compact form as a matrix product state.
This is a wavefunction of the form
formula_3.
Here the As are a set of 3 matrices labeled by formula_4 and the trace comes from assuming periodic boundary conditions.
The AKLT ground state wavefunction corresponds to the choice:
formula_5
formula_6
formula_7
where the formula_8 are Pauli matrices.
Generalizations and Extensions.
The AKLT model has been solved on lattices of higher dimension, even in quasicrystals . 
The model has also been constructed for higher Lie algebras including SU(n), SO(n), Sp(n) and extended to the quantum groups SUq(n).

</doc>
<doc id="31150626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150626" title="Sushil Rajpal">
Sushil Rajpal

Sushil Rajpal is an Indian director and producer. He was born and brought up in Bihar. He is alumnus of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) and famous for directing his National Award winning film "Antardwand".
Early life.
Sushil Rajpal was born and brought up in a bihari family in Bihar. He joined the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune. He is director of National Award winner film "Antardwand" in which almost entire cast was from Bihar and he is also native of Bihar.
Career.
He started his Bollywood career with the film "Diksha" as an Assistant Cinematographer.
Sushil Rajpal, whose directorial debut, true to life film Antardwand, received 95% of the good reviews and accolades from the industry, including a National Award. "Antardwand" (; English translation: "Inner conflict") is a 2010 Indian film co-written, produced and directed by Sushil Rajpal. The film stars Raj Singh Chaudhary and Swati Sen in the leading roles while Vinay Pathak and Akhilendra Mishra play supporting roles. Made on a budget of , the film is based on the practice of groom kidnapping that is seen in Bihar of India. The film won the National Film Award for Best Film on Social Issues at the 2009 National Awards. It had its commercial release on 27 August 2010

</doc>
<doc id="31150630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150630" title="Sony Computer Entertainment America v. George Hotz">
Sony Computer Entertainment America v. George Hotz

SCEA v. Hotz was a lawsuit in the United States by Sony Computer Entertainment of America against George Hotz and associates of the group fail0verflow for jailbreaking and reverse engineering the PlayStation 3.
Timeline.
On January 11, 2011, Sony sued Hotz, Hector Martin Cantero, Sven Peter and Does 1 through 100, purportedly including members of fail0verflow on 8 claims, including violation of the DMCA, computer fraud, and copyright infringement. The law firm used by Sony is Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP. In response to the suit, Carnegie Mellon University professor David S. Touretzky mirrored Hotz's writings and issued a statement supporting that Hotz's publication is within his right to free speech.
On January 27, 2011, Sony's request for a temporary restraining order (TRO) was granted by the US District Court for the Northern District of California. This forbade him from distributing the jailbreak, helping or encouraging others to jailbreak, and distributing information they've learned during the creation of the jailbreak. It also ordered him to turn over computers and storage media used in the creation of the jailbreak to Sony's lawyers. Professor Touretzky's mirror was voluntarily censored following issue of the TRO, but Hotz's writings and software have been mirrored elsewhere.
On February 12, 2011, Hotz posted a rap video on his official YouTube page explaining his Sony lawsuit.
On February 19, 2011, Hotz started a blog about the Sony lawsuit.
On March 6, 2011, the court issued an approval that Sony's lawyers were allowed access to all the IP addresses of all the people who visited geohot's blog for the purposes of establishing jurisdiction. Sony said the server logs would demonstrate that many of those who downloaded Hotz’s hack reside in Northern California — thus making San Francisco a proper venue for the case.
On April 11, 2011, it was revealed that Hotz and Sony had reached a settlement out of court. This included a permanent injunction against Hotz doing any more hacking work on any Sony products. to prevent any future firmwares from being decrypted.
The claims (filed in United States district court for Northern California, San Francisco):
Alleged Anonymous attacks in response to lawsuit.
The activist group Anonymous announced their intent to attack Sony websites in response to Sony's lawsuit and, specifically due to Sony's gaining access to the IP addresses of all the people who visited geohot's blog, terming it an 'offensive against free speech and internet freedom'. The attack would be a form of Hacktivism. Although Anonymous admitted responsibility to subsequent attacks on the Sony websites, much speculation has arisen concerning a sustained collapse of the PlayStation Network in April. Anonymous has denied any involvement in the PlayStation Network outage. However, Sony announced on May 4, 2011, "We discovered that the intruders had planted a file on one of our Sony Online Entertainment servers named “Anonymous” with the words “We are Legion.”

</doc>
<doc id="31150651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150651" title="Panicheri Gap">
Panicheri Gap

Panicheri Gap (, ‘Panicherska Sedlovina’ \pa-ni-'cher-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is the flat, ice-covered saddle of elevation 2100 m in north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, linking Bangey Heights to the north to Maglenik Heights to the south. It is part of the glacial divide between Kopsis Glacier to the east and Ellen Glacier to the west.
The gap is named after the settlement of Panicheri in Southern Bulgaria.
Location.
Panicheri Gap is centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31150658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150658" title="EU-Malaysia Chamber of Commerce and Industry">
EU-Malaysia Chamber of Commerce and Industry

In May 2003 the EU-Malaysia Chamber of Commerce and Industry (EUMCCI) emerged from the former European Union Business Council (EUBC).
EUMCCI is a public non-profit organisation and doesn’t get any funding from EU. The Chamber is financed by projects, events, memberships and sponsorships. It is an umbrella organisation of all EU chambers of commerce and business councils, whose members are also EUMCCI members, altogether 1088 corporations.
The aim of EUMCCI is to promote, support and develop EU business interests in Malaysia as well as facilitate trade, commerce and investments between EU and Malaysia. In order to fulfill its mission, EUMCCI carries out activities that will catalyze and stimulate networking of European companies in Malaysia with the Malaysian business community, business associations, relevant ministries, official representations and other Chambers in Asia. These activities are balanced between social and business activities.
EUMCCI Board.
Chairman: David Jones
Honorary Treasurer: Dato’ Robert Teo
Directors:
Austria: Franz Schröder
Cyprus: Wan Azuar Dato Wan Daud
Czech Republic: Milan Vagner
Denmark: Kim Hansen
France: David Attar
Finland: Jari Niemi
Germany: Alexander Stedtfeld
Greece: Dr Stellios Plainiotis
Ireland: Ron Anderson
Italy: Alberto Ciaramicoli
Malaysia: Caesar Loong
Malta: Paul Vincent Galea
Netherlands: Marco Winter
Poland: Czeslaw Klimczak
Slovak Republic: H.E. Milan Laijciak
Spain: Luis Lopez
Sweden: Hans Bjornered
United Kingdom: Jon Addis
EUMCCI Committees.
The EUMCCI Committees are platforms for EUMCCI members of specific sectors. The Committees meet regularly to discuss issues affecting their particular industries, to hold seminars with guest speakers from the government, academia and business and to lobby with the government. Each committee is responsible for writing a Trade Issues and Recommendations paper outlining the most pressing business problems and recommendations for the government to reduce these issues. Every year all Position Papers drafted by the Committees are compiled into a “EUMCCI Trade Issues & Recommendations” paper. This document is circulated among Government administrations, relevant authorities in Malaysia and the European Commission in Brussels
At the moment EUMCCI has 14 committees:
Publications.
EUMCCI has a wide range of publications available. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="31150677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150677" title="It's All True (Junior Boys album)">
It's All True (Junior Boys album)

"It's All True" is the fourth studio album by Canadian indie-tronica duo Junior Boys released on June 13, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31150683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150683" title="Krupa, Semič">
Krupa, Semič

Krupa (; ) is a small village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies at the source of the Krupa River, a left tributary of the Lahinja River. The area is part of the historical region of White Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
This village is known for the spring of the Krupa River. This river is infamous because of its PCB pollution due to improper handling of PCB waste material which has been used for decades by the capacitor manufacturing company Iskra kondenzatorji in nearby Semič.

</doc>
<doc id="31150714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150714" title="List of Lepidoptera of New Zealand">
List of Lepidoptera of New Zealand

Lepidoptera of New Zealand consist of both the Butterflies and Moths recorded from the islands of New Zealand. According to a recent estimate, there are a total of approximately 1,800 Lepidoptera species present in New Zealand. Of these, about 1,600 are endemic. Lepidoptera is the third largest insect order in New Zealand.
This page provides a link to either individual species or genera. The latter is used when all species of the genus are endemic to New Zealand, the individual species can be found on the genus page.

</doc>
<doc id="31150716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150716" title="Lake Eber">
Lake Eber

Lake Eber is a fresh water lake in Afyon Province, Turkey.
Geography.
The lake is between the district centers of Çay, Bolvadin and Sultandağı of Afyon Province. The midpoint is at about . The altitude of the water surface with respect to sea level is . The surface area fluctuates and at times it may be exceed . In past the maximum recorded depth was .
Geologic history.
Lake Eber is a part of Akarçay closed basin, a tectronic basin about . At the conclusion of the last glacier age (Pleistocene) a vast lake was formed in the basin. But after the water level dropped, the lake was fragmentized into two lakes. Lake Eber is at the north west and Lake Akşehir which shares the same history lies at the south east. Presently the distance between the two lakes (nearest points) is about .
Tributaries.
The tributaries are rivulets from the Sultan Mountains at the south. When the level increases beyond a certain level the water is fed to the nearby lower level Akşehir lake by a channel (Eber channel).
The ecology.
The main plants of the lake are Typha latifolia, Phragmites australis, Lycopus europaeus and Mentha aquatica. The lake is known for the reed beds. Sometimes the remains of reed beds which detach from the land, constitute floating islands on the lake and may be used by the fishermen. The fish species are Cyprinus carpio, Cyprinus carpio, Esox lucius and Gobio gobio. The lake is also known for various waterfowls.
Environmental issues.
Due to global warming and misuse of water sources the surface area of the lake is shrinking. ( The neighbouring lake Akşehir has been mostly dried up.) Up to 1992, the most important problem was water pollution. However in 1992 the lake was declared as Natural Protected Area. (). 

</doc>
<doc id="31150778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150778" title="Phineas Timothy Miller">
Phineas Timothy Miller

Phineas Timothy Miller (May 3, 1810 – February 21, 1850) Was an American physician and a founding member of Yale's Skull and Bones Society.
Early life.
Phineas Timothy Miller, son of Samuel and Mary (Gilbert) Miller, of Middletown, Connecticut, was born on 3 May 1810.
Career.
He remained in New Haven after graduation, for study in the Yale Medical School, where he received his degree in medicine in 1835, And along with notable classmates such as Alphonso Taft, he helped to found Skull and Bones in 1832.
In 1841 he was made the Director of the New Haven Hospital.
He continued to practice his profession as a physician until 1849, with the exception of a short time spent operating an apothecary in New York City.
In January, 1849, he sailed from this city in the schooner "Montague" with a company bound for California. While in the mining region he was seized with chronic dysentery, and after being much enfeebled he embarked for home on the ship "Clarissa Perkins". He died on shipboard, on February 21, 1850, in his 40th year, and was buried at sea.
Family.
He married, in Rocky Hill parish, in Wethersfield, Connecticut, on August 31, 1836, Elvira, daughter of Henry and Anna (Butler) Whitmore, who survived him. Their children were three daughters and a son. The son and one daughter died in infancy.

</doc>
<doc id="31150788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150788" title="Schinia carrizoensis">
Schinia carrizoensis

The Carrizo Flower Moth ("Schinia carrizoensis") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from central California.
The wingspan is about 31 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31150797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150797" title="Siricilla Rajaiah">
Siricilla Rajaiah

Siricilla Rajaiah (born 9 May 1953) is an Indian politician and a member of Lok Sabha, Lower House of the Parliament of India. He belongs to Indian National Congress.
Early life.
Rajaiah was born in Lingapur village in Karimnagar district to Bakkaiah and Shanthamma. He did his B.Sc.(Agriculture) from N.G.Ranga Agricultural University.
Career.
Rajaiah represents Warangal parliamentary constituency.
Personal life.
Rajaiah is married to Madhavi. They have a son and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="31150806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150806" title="Krvavčji Vrh">
Krvavčji Vrh

Krvavčji Vrh (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies on the local road leading east out of Semič to Metlika. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local church is dedicated to Saint Florian and belongs to the Parish of Semič. It is a 16th-century building that was refurbished in the Baroque style in the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31150816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150816" title="Ypsolopha sublucella">
Ypsolopha sublucella

Ypsolopha sublucella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from California.
The larvae feed on oaks of the section "Protobalanus", including "Quercus vaccinifolia".

</doc>
<doc id="31150820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150820" title="Pinaki Chaudhuri">
Pinaki Chaudhuri

Pinaki Chaudhuri পিনাকী চৌধুরী (born, 1940) as a young man was a tabla player, trained by Ustad Kermatullah Khan. After some time he gave up playing the 'Tabla and 1977 began producing films, including, "Suriyasakshi" and "Father".

</doc>
<doc id="31150824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150824" title="Monte Smith">
Monte Smith

Monte Smith is a former guard in the National Football League. He was drafted in the ninth round of the 1989 NFL Draft by the Denver Broncos and played that season with the team. After a year away from the NFL, he was again a member of the team during the 1991 NFL season, but did not see any playing time in a regular season game.

</doc>
<doc id="31150825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150825" title="Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -52 kg">
Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -52 kg

The women's featherweight (52 kg/114.4 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the lightest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving nine fighters from two continents (Europe and Asia). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules. 
Due to the low number of competitors unsuitable for a tournament designed for sixteen, seven women had byes through to the quarter finals. The tournament was won by Turkey's Seda Duygu Aygün who defeated Ukrainian Nadiya Khayenok in the final by unanimous decision. Aliya Boranbayeva from Kazakhstan and Maria Krivoshapkina from Russia won bronze medals for their semi final appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="31150831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150831" title="List of Presidents of the National Assembly of the Republic of the Congo">
List of Presidents of the National Assembly of the Republic of the Congo

Presidents of the National Assembly of the Republic of the Congo
Sources.
kombo matsiona 1984-1989

</doc>
<doc id="31150840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150840" title="Ypsolopha cervella">
Ypsolopha cervella

Ypsolopha cervella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found from Vancouver Island southward in the Pacific states to San Diego County in California and Arizona.
The wingspan is about 19 mm. There is one generation per year, with adults emerging in June. Adults are polymorphic.
The larvae feed on oaks of the sections "Erythrobalanus" and "Lepidobalanus", including "Quercus chrysolepis" and "Quercus gambelii". Young larvae feed on newly emerging terminal buds. Later instars feed on the undersides of expanding leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="31150842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150842" title="2010 Nagoya Grampus season">
2010 Nagoya Grampus season

The 2010 Nagoya Grampus season is Nagoya Grampus's 18th season in the J. League Division 1 and 29th overall in the Japanese top flight. They also competed in the 2010 J. League Cup, 2010 Emperor's Cup.
Players.
Current squad.
 
 
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31150846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150846" title="Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -56 kg">
Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -56 kg

The women's lightweight (56 kg/123.2 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second lightest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving nine fighters all based in Europe. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules. 
As there were too few fighters for a sixteen-person tournament, seven women had a bye through to the quarter finals. Serbia's Milena Dincic beat Russia's Lidia Andreeva by unanimous decision in the gold medal match. Pole Alicja Piecyk and Swede Elisa Albinsson took the bronze medal positions.

</doc>
<doc id="31150849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150849" title="Flareup (Transformers)">
Flareup (Transformers)

Flareup is the name of several fictional characters in the various Transformers universes. The name Flareup was adopted by Hasbro's legal department when they were unable to okay the use of Firestar.
Transformers: Timelines.
Flareup was a student of the Autobot Firestar.
According to the toy designers they originally planned for this character to be a new version of "Generation 1" Firestar, but when that name was unavailable they called her Flareup and made her Firestar's student.
Reception.
Flareup was named the 5th top unfortunately named Transformer by Topless Robot.
Fun Publications.
Flareup first appears in the 2005 Botcon exclusive story "Descent into Evil". She is part of Ironhide's squad, sent to investigate Deathsaurus' attempts to clone an army of Insecticons. She and the other members of the squad are captured, but are rescued when backup arrives.
Flareup appears as a resident of Axiom Nexus in the 2008 BotCon voice actor play "Bee in the City", voiced by Anastasia Matejka. In this story, Professor Sumdac attempts to create a teleportation system to get the Autobots to Cybertron, but an interaction with Sari Sumdac's key ends up transporting Optimus Prime, Bumblebee and Sari to Transtech Cybertron, where they meet Flareup and are detained by Shockwave. Bumblebee teams up with "Beast Wars" Megatron to free his comrades, but then has to stop Megatron from taking the key for himself. Afterwards the Autobots and Sari return to their own dimension.
Transformers.
Flareup was originally the name for the character that would eventually become Elita-1, the sister of Arcee and Chromia. This character is not related to Elita-1 who appeared in the toy line and Comic Books for the first film. Although not portrayed in the live-action movie, Elita-One now has a toy in the movie line, although it is a redeco of an Arcee from "".
According to writer Roberto Orci, he planned for the three motorcycles to be a single individual named Arcee, but director Michael Bay went with the idea of the Hasbro biographies of the three motorcycles being individuals.
Transformers: Animated.
Flareup is a minor character in the "Transformers Animated" series. Susan Blu voices her in a southern accent, honoring Anastasia Matejka's rendition of the character. As a pun on her name, her lower legs resemble Flares.
Animated Series.
Flareup first appeared in a crowd scene at the end of "Decepticon Air". She next appeared in "This is Why I Hate Machines", when Captain Fanzone was Transwarped to Cybertron. Disgusted by the organic creature, she urged Grandus to step on him.

</doc>
<doc id="31150852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150852" title="JS Saoura">
JS Saoura

Jeunesse Sportive de la Saoura (), known as JS Saoura or JSS for short, is an Algerian association football club based in the town of Méridja in the Béchar Province. The club is currently playing in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
History.
In the 2009–2010 season, JS Saoura won the West division of the 2009–10 Inter-Régions Division. The previous season, JS Saoura was playing in the Regional Béchar League, where it also finished first and won promotion to the Inter-Régions Division.
In the 2010–2011 season, JS Saoura finished first in the Centre-Ouest division of the Championnat National de Football Amateur to win promotion to the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2 for the first time in its history.
On April 17, 2012, JS Saoura beat SA Mohammadia 3–1 in their week 28 match up of the 2011-12 Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2 to guarantee promotion to the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.

</doc>
<doc id="31150869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150869" title="Taiji Cave">
Taiji Cave

Taiji Cave () is a karst cave located on Shilong Mountain (石龙山) in Guangde County, Xuancheng City, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China, where the provinces of Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Anhui meet. Ming Dynasty writer and poet Feng Menglong described the cave as one of the "Four Absolutes Under Heaven" (天下四绝 "Tīanxià Sìjué"). It is also considered a primary "Place of Enlightenment" (道教道场 "Dàojiào Dàochǎng") by Taoists, similar to the Bodhimanda of Buddhism. The 200 million-year old cave is divided into dry and wet layers representing the yin and yang of Chinese philosophy. 
In February 2004, the Chinese State Council included the cave on its fifth list of National Scenic Attractions. It is also a 4A rated National Tourism Area.
Overview.
At in length and covering a surface area of , Taiji Cave is the largest natural limestone cave in East China. The cave's first chamber extends to and has a height of . To date nineteen separate chambers have been opened to visitors. There are more than 160 features inside the cave, including the "Ten Large Landscapes" (十大景观 "Shí Dà Jǐngguān").
By boat it is possible to explore the water-filled level of the cave where there are many unusual rock formations.
The "Ten Large Landscapes".
These interior features of the cave are largely based on their resemblance to other objects. Some are individual rock formations, whilst others are groups.
Local places of interest.
Dotted around the cave there are many places of historic interest including the "Hidden Dragon Bridge" (卧龙桥 "Wòlóng Qiáo") where Emperor Guangwu (5 BCE–29 CE) took refuge during the Han Dynasty, the military command platform (将军台 "Jiāngjūn Tái") of General Lu Meng (178–220 CE) and the "Sabre Gorge Stone" (剑峡石) of Song Dynasty patriot Yue Fei (1103–1142 CE). Outside the cave lies the Inkstone Lake (砚池湖 "Yànchí Hú"), said to be the location where Song Dynasty politician and writer Fan Zhongyan washed his inkstone.

</doc>
<doc id="31150871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150871" title="Xalîd Reşîd">
Xalîd Reşîd

Xalîd Reşîd (); was born in Sulaymaniyah, Kurdistan, and currently resides in Stockholm, Sweden. He is recognized as one of the most influential interpreters of Kurdish music academically, with an extended knowledge in Persian and Azerbaijani music. Xalîd Reşîd extensively studied oriental musical instruments such as the balaban, which is widely used in Kurdish folk music, the flutes nây and blûr, the oûd (lute) and various percussion instruments.
He has received two awards called "Stipendiom" from the Swedish Ministry of Culture (Kulturdepartementet).
He left Kurdistan for Europe in 1980 and took up residence in Sweden. After taking courses in Swedish he joined the fine arts academy and the music department. Then he attended university in Sweden, studying archaeology, obtaining his masters degree in 1991. He has written two books on the archeological sites of Kurdistan.
In 1996 he was elected head of the Kurdish artists congress in Europe and entrusted with the task of forming a national Kurdish orchestra. He started academic studies in music again in 1999, this time in Russia, and recorded some classical Kurdish songs there.

</doc>
<doc id="31150873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150873" title="Sun-chang Lo">
Sun-chang Lo

Sun-chang Lo is a photographer, artist, architect.
Early life.
Sun-chang Lo is a Chinese American photographer, artist, architect. Born in Guangzhou, China, and has lived and studied in Taiwan, Japan, Hong Kong and the United States.
Following graduation from the Cooper Union, New York City, in 1972, he was a recipient of the Japanese Monbukagakusho Scholarship from 1974 to 1976. While studying under Professor Kazuo Shinohara at the Tokyo Institute of Technology, analysis and synthesis of the theories and histories of Chinese and Japanese architecture landed him two consecutive awards in the 1975 and 1976 Japan Architect International Residential Competitions.
Architecture, design and photography.
From 1977 to 1979, while participating in the Lukang Landmark Preservation Project, he taught architecture and design at Tunghai University, Taiwan. Back in his New York City home base, he and his wife/partner, Jean, pursued a multi-discipline design practice ranging from architecture, interior, fashion and graphic design, to photography, surveying and model making.
From 1993 to 2008 he taught art and architecture, design, drawing and photography at the Department of Architecture at the University of Hong Kong.
Currently.
In 2008, Sun-chang Lo was referenced in The Hong Kong Art Archive.
He is presently a freelance architect/artist/photographer living in New York city.

</doc>
<doc id="31150887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150887" title="Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -60 kg">
Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -60 kg

The women's middleweight (60 kg/132 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third lightest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving eleven fighters from four continents (Europe, Asia, Africa and South America). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules. 
Due to the lower than expected competitors for a sixteen-person tournament, five of the fighters had byes through to the quarter finals. The tournament was won by Valerija Kurluk from Kazakhstan who defeated the Russian Fatima Bokova by split decision in their gold medal match. Italian Barbara Plazzoli and Croatian Ana Mandic were rewarded for their semi final positions with bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31150893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150893" title="Lipovec, Semič">
Lipovec, Semič

Lipovec () is a small settlement just south of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The Municipality of Semič is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31150899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150899" title="Ypsolopha querciella">
Ypsolopha querciella

Ypsolopha querciella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona and Utah.
The wingspan is about 17 mm.
The antennae are white with black annulations. The labial palpi are light brown on the outside and whitish on the inside. The tuft is longer than the terminal joint, which is white. The face and head are canary yellow and the thorax is light reddish-brown. The forewings are light golden brown and lightest and more yellowish along the costal edge and with strong silvery and greenish reflections. On the dorsal edge are two faint parallel outwardly oblique darker 
brown streaks, one at basal third and one at the middle of the wing, reaching beyond the fold and two other subobsolete streaks perpendicular to these, all together forming a faint inverted open W. The hindwings are light ochreous fuscous and the legs and underside of the body are golden white.
The larvae feed on "Quercus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31150909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150909" title="Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -65 kg">
Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -65 kg

The women's light heavyweight (65 kg/143 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third heaviest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving just six fighters - all based in Europe. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules. 
As there were too few fighters for an eight-woman tournament, two of the competitors were given a bye through to the semi finals. Kamila Balanda from Poland defeated Mimma Mandolini from Italy in the final by split decision to win the gold medal. Defeated semi finalists Vera Avdeeva from Russia and Ina Ozerava from Belarus both won bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31150930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150930" title="Ypsolopha frustella">
Ypsolopha frustella

Ypsolopha frustella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including California.

</doc>
<doc id="31150936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150936" title="Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -70 kg">
Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -70 kg

The women's heavyweight (70 kg/154 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second heaviest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving eight fighters from two continents (Europe and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules. 
The tournament winner was Morocco's Amzail Bouchra who won gold by beating Russia's Elena Kondratyeva in the final by split decision. Defeated semi finalists Natasa Ivetic from Serbia and Croatian Nives Radic had to make do with bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31150938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150938" title="Maline pri Štrekljevcu">
Maline pri Štrekljevcu

Maline pri Štrekljevcu () is a small village north of Štrekljevec in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Maline" to "Maline pri Štrekljevcu" in 1955.
Cultural heritage.
Particularly in the northern part of the village many late 19th-century and early 20th-century traditional village houses and outbuildings are preserved and have been included on the Slovenian Ministry of Culture's Registry of Immovable Cultural Heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="31150987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150987" title="Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade +70 kg">
Women's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade +70 kg

The women's Super Heavyweight (over 70 kg/154 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the heaviest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving just five fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules. 
Due to the low levels of contestants, unsuitable for an eight-person tournament, three women had byes through to the semi finals. Poland's Paulina Biec won the gold medal defeating Serbian Olivera Milanovic in the final by unanimous decision. Defeated semi finalists Aigul Kozhagaliyeva from Kazakhstan and Benita Muller from South Africa won bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31150994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150994" title="Fusion engine">
Fusion engine

Fusion engine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31150995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150995" title="Murshidabad-Jiaganj (community development block)">
Murshidabad-Jiaganj (community development block)

Murshidabad-Jiaganj (community development block) is an administrative division in Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Murshidabad and Jiaganj police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is at Murshidabad.
Geography.
Jiaganj is located at 
Murshidabad-Jiaganj community development block has an area of 208.62 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats in Murshidabad-Jiaganj block/ panchayat samiti are: Bahadurpur, Dahapara, Dangapara, Kapasdanga, Mukundabagh, Nutungram, Prosadpur and Tentulia.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Murshidabad-Jiaganj block has a total population of 199,261, out of which 103,421 were males and 96,200 were females. Murshidabad-Jiaganj block registered a population growth of 26.11 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31150996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150996" title="Moverna Vas">
Moverna Vas

Moverna Vas (; , ) is a small village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies on the left bank near the source of the Krupa River, a left tributary of the Lahinja River. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Artefacts from the mesolithic, neolithic, chalcolithic, and Bronze Age periods have been identified in a karst cave known as the Jew's House ().

</doc>
<doc id="31151016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151016" title="Louis-Édouard Garrido">
Louis-Édouard Garrido

Louis-Édouard Garrido (1893–1982) was a French painter.
Biography.
Louis-Édouard Garrido was a French painter, the son of Spanish artist Leon Eduardo Garrido. Established in Normandy, Louis-Édouard Garrido painted superb landscapes in the area of Saint-Vaast, as well as portraits and still-lfes. The artist has been the director of the Beaux Arts school of Caen (Normandy), as well as the currator of the Musée des beaux-arts in Caen. Louis Edouard Garrido was also the president of the artist association of Lower Normandy.
Sources.
the official website of the City of St-Vaast

</doc>
<doc id="31151019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151019" title="Ypsolopha walsinghamiella">
Ypsolopha walsinghamiella

Ypsolopha walsinghamiella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona and California.
The wingspan is about 20-25 mm.
The antennae are whitish, sharply annulated with black. The labial palpi have a very long tuft on the second joint, more than twice as long as terminal joint. They are whitish and thickly mottled with black. The face and head are whitish-gray with a few black scales and the thorax is light iron gray with a central longitudinal darker, blackish line. The forewings are light bluish-gray, overlaid with white, light ochreous, dark gray and black scales. The dark and light scales are so arranged in narrow longitudinal undefined lines as to give the wing an indistinct striated appearance. The extreme dorsal edge is darker than the rest of the wing, blackish fuscous, and is limited above by a thin wavy more or less interrupted white line. Above this line in the dorsal part of the wing are several small tufts of erect black scales. The hindwings are rather dark shining fuscous and the legs and underside of the body are whitish-gray, mottled with black scales.

</doc>
<doc id="31151029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151029" title="Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -52 kg">
Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -52 kg

The women's featherweight (52 kg/114.4 lbs) K-1 category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the lightest of the female K-1 tournaments. There were seven women from two continents (Europe and Africa) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under K-1 rules. 
As there was one too few competitors for an eight-person tournament, one woman had a bye through to the semi finals. The gold medal match was won by Rajaa Hajdaowi from Morocco who defeated Russia's Yulia El Skaya in the final. Defeated semi finalists Hungarian Eva Ott and Serbian Natasa Ninic made do with bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31151030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151030" title="Ypsolopha electropa">
Ypsolopha electropa

Ypsolopha electropa is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from North America.

</doc>
<doc id="31151032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151032" title="Nestoplja Vas">
Nestoplja Vas

Nestoplja Vas (; , ) is a small village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Geography.
Nestoplja Vas is a clustered village south of Semič on a level area with many sinkholes and planted in apple and plum orchards. The Belečnik Woods stands west of the settlement; it primarily consists of chestnut and oak trees. Fields and some vineyards lie to the south. The Močila Marsh lies west of the settlement in the valley towards Brezje pri Vinjem Vrhu; during rainy periods water collects in the marsh.
Name.
Nestoplja Vas was attested in written sources in 1414 as "ze Nepleins" (and as "Neppleinsgeschiess" in 1447). The name is derived from "*Ne(o)stǫpľa vьsь" 'Neostǫpa's village', referring to an early inhabitant of the place. In the past the German name was "Nestopelsdorf".
History.
The settlement was listed in documents in the Auersperg archives in 1462. According to the Auersperg land registry of 1501, it consisted of four full farms, but two of them had been abandoned because of Ottoman attacks. A plaque on the wall of a house burned on 8 August 1942 commemorates three Partisans killed by Italian forces on 25 February 1942. From the end of October 1944 until the end of the Second World War, the Partisan General Staff maintained a bunker containing foodstuffs and leather in a house in the village.
Church.
The local church is located in the neighboring settlement of Starihov Vrh.

</doc>
<doc id="31151037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151037" title="Bhagawangola II (community development block)">
Bhagawangola II (community development block)

Bhagawangola II (community development block) is an administrative division in Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Ranitala police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Nasipur Balagachi.
Geography.
Nashipur is located at 
Bhagawangola II community development block has an area of 149.59 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats in Bhagawangola II block/ panchayat samiti are: Akheriganj, Amdahara, Baligram, Karibona, Nashipore and Saralpore.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Bhagawangola II block has a total population of 129,907, out of which 66,813 were males and 63,094 were females. Bhagawangola II block registered a population growth of 17.83 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Bhagawangola II block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination.

</doc>
<doc id="31151045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151045" title="Lalgola (community development block)">
Lalgola (community development block)

Lalgola (community development block) is an administrative division in Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Lalgola police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Lalgola.
Geography.
Lalgola is located at 
Lalgola community development block has an area of 134.00 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats in Lalgola block/ panchayat samiti are: Airmari Krishnapur, Bahadurpur, Bilborakopra, Dewansarai, Jasaitala, Kalmegha, Lalgola, Maiya, Manikchak, Nashipur, Paikpara and Ramchandrapur.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Lalgola block has a total population of 267,593, out of which 136,853 were males and 130,710 were females. Lalgola block registered a population growth of 29.40 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Lalgola block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination.

</doc>
<doc id="31151054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151054" title="Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -56 kg">
Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -56 kg

The women's lightweight (56 kg/123.2 lbs) K-1 category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second lightest of the female K-1 tournaments. There were six women from two continents (Europe and Africa) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under K-1 rules. 
Due to the low-level of competitors for an eight-woman tournament, two fighters had byes through to the semi finals. The tournament winner was Morocco's Souad Rochdi who defeated Alena Kuchynskaya from Belarus in the final to win the gold medal. Poland's Natalia Grabowska and Italian Donatella Panu won bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31151060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151060" title="Omota">
Omota

Omota () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies northeast of Semič, just off the local road to Gradnik. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31151065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151065" title="Ypsolopha elongata">
Ypsolopha elongata

Ypsolopha elongata is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from North America, including Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="31151076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151076" title="Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -60 kg">
Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -60 kg

The women's middleweight (60 kg/132 lbs) K-1 category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third lightest of the female K-1 tournaments. There were five women from two continents (Europe and Africa) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under K-1 rules. 
As there were not enough fighters for an eight-person tournament, three of the women had byes through to the semi finals. The tournament was won by Alena Muratava from Belarus who defeated Kseniya Belskaya from Russia in the final to win gold. Serbia's Suzana Radovanovic and Italy's Paola Cappucci won bronze medals for reaching the semi finals.

</doc>
<doc id="31151078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151078" title="Edern">
Edern

Edern may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31151087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151087" title="Oskoršnica">
Oskoršnica

Oskoršnica () is a settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. The entire area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. 

</doc>
<doc id="31151088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151088" title="Rosita Forbes">
Rosita Forbes

Rosita Forbes, née Joan Rosita Torr (16 January 1890 - 30 June 1967) was an English travel writer and explorer. In 1920-21 she was the first European woman to visit the Kufra Oasis in Libya (together with the Egyptian explorer Ahmed Hassanein), in a period when this was closed to westerners. 

</doc>
<doc id="31151091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151091" title="Garage Sale (The Office)">
Garage Sale (The Office)

"Garage Sale" is the nineteenth episode of the seventh season of the American comedy television series "The Office" and the show's 145th episode overall. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 24, 2011. The episode was written by Jon Vitti and directed by series cast member, Steve Carell. The episode marks his third director's credit for the series and the final physical appearance of Amy Ryan, having appeared as a regular since "Classy Christmas".
In the episode, Michael (Steve Carell) decides to propose to Holly (Amy Ryan), and runs into trouble thinking of how to do it well with his expensive diamond ring. He consults several coworkers on advice and for ideas on how to propose. Meanwhile, Dunder Mifflin Scranton's warehouse and crew hosts a public garage sale. 
"Garage Sale" was met with critical acclaim by both television reviewers as well as fans. Furthermore, "HitFix" reviewer Alan Sepinwall wrote that the episode could have served as Carell's last episode. It is considered one of the best episodes of "The Office". According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was viewed by more than 7 million viewers and received a 3.4 rating/10% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 which marked a slight rise in the ratings from the previous episode, "Todd Packer".
Synopsis.
Michael decides to propose to Holly, and runs into trouble thinking of how to do it in the most elaborate way possible with his expensive diamond ring (which cost what he believes is the traditional "three years' salary"). His first idea: to pour gasoline in the parking lot in the shape of letters, light them on fire, and show it to Holly. Pam quickly stops it before Michael destroys the entire office. Everyone Michael consults, Pam, Jim, Ryan, and Oscar, believe Holly truly is "the one" for him and they give him anecdotes and ideas. He decides to call Holly's father to ask his permission (although he leaves a message rather than speak to him personally). Holly catches onto the idea when she calls her parents herself, but she notices her parents seeming somewhat mentally disoriented. She talks to Michael later and says she wants to move back to Colorado to be there for her dad whom she is worried about, and Michael supports her decision. She tries proposing to Michael herself, but Michael quickly ends the conversation before she can ask him, since he wants to propose and not be proposed to. She misunderstands his intentions (thinking he does not want to marry her rather than him disagreeing with the method in the proposal) and is shocked.
Michael takes Holly on a walk through the office, pointing out the locations of various events throughout their courtship. He opens the door to the kitchen, revealing all of the other employees holding candles. Various members of the office ask Holly if she will marry them (all of Michael's plan) and she politely says no. Michael then leads Holly out to her desk, which is surrounded by dozens, if not hundreds of candles. Michael gets down on his knee and begins to make a speech when the sprinklers go off from the candles in the office. The water drenches everyone in the office and Michael proposes in a speech pattern similar to Yoda, reminiscent of the Season 4 finale when Holly is trying to fix her chair, as well as when Jim proposes to Pam in the rain in the Season 5 premiere. Holly accepts. They laugh and take it in stride. Everyone then begins to congratulate Michael. However, Michael announces he is moving to Colorado with Holly. The scene ends with his employees in shock. 
Meanwhile, Dunder Mifflin Scranton's warehouse and crew host a public garage sale. During the sale, Dwight attempts to walk away with the most expensive item by trading smaller items with his office mates beginning with a thumbtack (a reference to One red paperclip) and continuously trading up from table to table. One item on Jim and Pam's table that piques his interest is a packet of "miracle legumes." Dwight initially believes that they contain no magic, but is astonished when they reappear after Jim had seemingly destroyed the packet. Eventually, his curiosity gets the better of him and he trades Jim a $150 telescope for the legumes. At the end of the episode, Dwight is seen planting the seeds and Jim secretly replaces the empty pots with full-grown plants.
Andy, Darryl, and Kevin play and bet on the "Dallas" board game (which Kevin had for sale). As the instruction booklet is not with the game, Andy and Darryl make up the rules as they go along, much to Kevin's objection. Eventually, Kevin notices the money they had bet on the game with is missing, and storms out. As Darryl and Andy look at each other in confusion, Kevin reveals to the cameras that "he" has the money, stating, "And "that"... is "Dallas"", mocking Andy and Darryl's previous statement.
Production.
This episode was written by consulting producer Jon Vitti, his second writing credit of the series since joining the staff at the beginning of the seventh season. It was directed by series star Steve Carell, the third episode he has directed for the series. The episode marked Amy Ryan's last physical appearance on the series, so far, although she did speak in "Goodbye, Michael". Ryan later said in an interview with "New York" that "The script was so sweet anyway that it made us all have a good cry" especially adding the fact that it was her final appearance. She also expressed her confidence that the series could survive without Carell and that it was the right move for him to leave. Vitti later submitted the episode for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series, but it was not nominated.
Cultural references.
"Garage Sale" features several callbacks to previous episodes. Kevin's skills at poker were previously shown in "Casino Night". Michael's St. Pauli Girl sign was previously shown in "Dinner Party". Michael mentions when Toby left for Costa Rica from "Night Out".
Reception.
Ratings.
In its original American broadcast, "Garage Sale" was viewed by an estimated 7.07 million viewers and received a 3.4 rating/10% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that it was seen by 3.4% of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 10% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This marked a slight rise in the ratings from the previous episode, "Todd Packer", which received series lows. The episode ranked second in its timeslot beating the Fox crime drama "Bones", which was seen by 8.78 million households; and CBS coverage of NCAA basketball, which was seen by 6.82 million household; but it was defeated by the ABC medical drama "Grey's Anatomy", which was seen by an average 10.1 million households.
Reviews.
This episode received critical acclaim and is considered one of the best "Office" episodes. "HitFix" reviewer Alan Sepinwall called it one of his "favorite 'Office' episodes ever'" and also called it one of the greatest romantic sitcom episodes of all-time. He also said the episode could have served as Carell's last episode. He also praised "Garage Sale" for its multiple sublots, its exploration of the ensemble cast, and Jim's prank against Dwight. Sepinwall named it one of the best TV episodes of 2011 for series that were not great the whole year. He praised it for showcasing "the ridiculous and romantic sides of 'The Office'". He also wrote that it gave Fischer and Krasinski their best material for the series in years. Cindy White of IGN praised it for its mix of comedy and drama. She also complemented it for the showcase of the cast. She ultimately gave the episode a 9/10. James Poniewozik of "TIME" said it "was unspectacular as an episode overall but did build to a delightful moment as Michael finally proposed to Holly." He later named it one of his honorable mentions for the top 10 TV episodes of 2011. 
"The A.V. Club" writer Myles McNutt called the episode a "spiritual successor to 'Casino Night', which remains one of my all-time favorite episodes of the series" for "turning what could feel like a gimmicky sitcom scenario into something that feels distinct to both the office characters [...] and "The Office"". He ultimately gave the episode an A-. Kevin Fallon of "The Atlantic" compared the proposal to other television proposals on "Friends", "Cheers" and "Frasier". "New York" writer Willer Paskin praised the writers for being adept at writing for romance. Following the airing of the episode, Colorado governor John Hickenlooper issued a press release appointing Michael Scott to the position of Director of Paper Distribution in the Department of Natural Resources. "Garage Sale" was voted the third-highest-rated out of 24 from the seventh season, according to an "Survivor" episode poll at the fansite "OfficeTally". It was later named the 20th-best episode of the series according to an episode poll by "OfficeTally". BuddyTV named the episode the 19th-best TV episode of 2011 and it was the only episode of the series to make the list.

</doc>
<doc id="31151096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151096" title="Constriction of video">
Constriction of video

Constriction ( Graphics Media).
In computer field, constriction is a method of decreasing resolution of a video. The video quality is decreased to allow non authorized users to see video with less resolution, quality.
Details.
Some videos have licenses and an owner of video may not want to all to see the video with same resolution, quality. He may allow non licensed users to see the video with lower quality and may ask to purchase the video to see it with full resolution. To decrease the quality of the video the frame of image to be shown if rendered in memory with smaller resolution. Again that memory is considered as a source frame and tried to render upon big rectangle to be displayed.
Implementation.
Constriction can be implemented in the software and can be accelerated using a graphics card. A video may contains multiple streams(multi stream videos which run parallel to each other) which could be combined in a single frame and then shown finally as a single frame. In the case of graphics accelerated constriction how to render it is dependent on the writer of the graphics driver. There is no standard which defines whether constriction should be applied to single stream or all streams in the videos.

</doc>
<doc id="31151097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151097" title="Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -65 kg">
Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -65 kg

The women's light heavyweight (65 kg/143 lbs) K-1 category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third heaviest of the female K-1 tournaments. There were just three women present at the competition, all based in Europe. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under K-1 rules. 
Due to the low level of competitors, one of the women received a bye straight through to the final. In the end it was Belarus's Ala Ivashkevich who won gold, defeating Russian Elena Solareva in the final. The tournaments only other fighter, Jelena Djuric from Serbia, received the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="31151122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151122" title="Iphianeira">
Iphianeira

In Greek mythology, the name Iphianeira (; ) may refer to two women, great-grandmother and great-granddaughter:

</doc>
<doc id="31151128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151128" title="Borja Gómez Pérez">
Borja Gómez Pérez

Borja Gómez Pérez (born 14 May 1988) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Hércules CF on loan from Granada CF as a central defender.
Football career.
Gómez was born in Madrid. An unsuccessful graduate from Real Madrid's youth system, he made his professional debuts with another team in the community, AD Alcorcón, going on to play three full seasons in Segunda División B.
In the 2010–11 campaign Gómez had his first Segunda División experience, with another outfit from the Spanish capital, Rayo Vallecano. On 2 March 2011, after having played all the minutes in his 11 league appearances, he signed a three-year contract with Ukrainian Premier League team FC Karpaty Lviv.

</doc>
<doc id="31151137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151137" title="Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -70 kg">
Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -70 kg

The women's heavyweight (70 kg/154 lbs) K-1 category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second heaviest of the female K-1 tournaments. There were only four women from two continents (Europe and Africa), taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under K-1 rules. 
The tournament winner was Serbian Eva Halasi who defeated Moroccan Rabih Soukayna in the final to take the gold medal. Defeated semi finalists Belarusian Maryna Kalinina and Russian Ekaterina Rokunova received bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31151144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151144" title="Eyes Lips Face">
Eyes Lips Face

Eyes Lips Face, also known as e.l.f. Cosmetics, is an international cosmetics brand based in New York City. Founded by Joseph Shamah and Scott Vincent Borba in 2004, it sells products largely at $1, $3, and $5 price points. Items include bath and skin-care products, mineral-based makeup, professional tools, eyeliners, lipstick, glosses, blushes, bronzers, brushes, and mascara, among others.
According to the company, its products are 100% "cruelty-free", and it supports PETA's no fur campaign. e.l.f. Cosmetic's products have been reviewed in "Glamour", "Allure", "Self", "InStyle", and "Good Housekeeping", and are sold in 17 countries and stores including Target, Kmart, Dollar General, and Walmart. Over half the company's sales come from its website, which doubles as a social networking site with over two million members.
History and Operations.
e.l.f. Cosmetics was founded by Joseph Shamah and Scott Vincent Borba in June 2004. The duo originally met at a party in 2002; Shamah was a 23-year-old New York University business student. Borba was a 31-year-old Los Angeles beauty-industry veteran, responsible for previously launching brands such as Hard Candy cosmetics. Both were enthusiastic about an inexpensive, high-quality cosmetics line for women, and decided to form a company together. A few days after the party they sat down to brainstorm, and a business plan was created within months. Borba claims the idea originated from seeing women with expensive cars such as BMWs and Mercedes-Benzes buying bargain-price cosmetics at 99-cent stores in Los Angeles.
e.l.f.(short for Eyes Lips Face) Cosmetics was officially launched in New York City on June 2004, also with the assistance of Shamah's father Alan. They continue to sell high-quality cosmetics at $1, $3, and $6 price points.
On February 3, 2014, TPG Growth bought a majority stake in E.l.f. Cosmetics. Joey Shamah was replaced by Tarang P. Amin, who "has been appointed president, chief executive officer and director of E.l.f. Cosmetics".
Product.
The company started with only 13 makeup products, but has since developed more than 300 products that include bath products, skin-care products, mineral-based makeup, professional tools, eyeliners, lipstick, glosses, blushes, bronzers, brushes, mascara, and more. Most items cost $3. The variety of e.l.f. products allows the company to target a demographic with a broad age range, from teenagers to women in their 40s and 50s.
The company carries different product lines, which include e.l.f. Studio, e.l.f. Minerals, and e.l.f. Essentials. There used to be e.l.f. Bath & Body, which includes moisturizers, cleanser, and fragrances.They have now stopped making those products.
Sales.
Retail.
e.l.f. Cosmetics is currently available in 17 countries including the United States, Canada, Australia, Saudi Arabia, France, The United Kingdom, Colombia, and Spain. Products can be purchased at regional drug chains across the United States and Canada. In March 2010, e.l.f.'s $1 and Studio line of products were placed in over 700 Target stores, with most individual items prices at $1 and $3. Another Target expansion to include most outlets is planned for March 2011. Other stores include Kmart, Dollar General, and Walmart. e.l.f. is also sold at various supermarkets and women's apparel discount retailers, often in four-tiered spinners or "fish bowls" in impulse-buy sections.
Website.
In 2004, the company was having only partial success stocking its products in retail stores, including dollar stores. "Glamour" magazine wanted to feature an e.l.f. product, but told the company they couldn't unless the product was nationally available for their 2 million-person readership base. e.l.f. Cosmetics at that point had a website intended as a product showcase, and that year it relaunched the site as an e-commerce site, quickly shipping out thousands of orders. Since the premiere of the new site, e.l.f. products have been featured in "Glamour" over seven times. The website is now the brand's primary sales vehicle, and accounted for approximately 50% of all sales in 2008.
In June 2007, e.l.f. launched Ask Achelle, a beauty blog and advice column that touts products (not only e.l.f.) and talks about celebrity sightings. Since then, the length of customer visits to the website has tripled. All product pages on the site host a "chat now" button that lets customers connect directly with one of the company's in-house professional makeup artists. The site hosts a "virtual makeover lab", where customers can digitally test products on models or their own photos. Customers can create a personal profile, publish and comment on blogs, converse with other customers, and access a beauty encyclopedia. They can also create a "beauty profile", and are recommended e.l.f. products according to their skin type, hair and eye colors, and typical beauty regimen. Also included is the option to create a wish-list that connects to Facebook, or view educational web videos on makeup techniques and styles.
The website currently includes over two million members.
In 2007, the company began to invest heavily in email marketing, and its weekly email campaigns are considered by "eCommerce-Guide" to be the company's strongest promotion. The company offers a near-constant supply of promotions to its customers, largely through its website. Subscribers on the mailing list can earn points or gift certificates for making web referrals that turn into sales transactions. Shamah claimed that as of September 2009, more than 500,000 friend referrals had come back to make a purchase.
It also frequently hosts online events, and since 2010 has asked customers of all ages and ethnicities to submit to a casting resource to select a yearly model-representative for the brand. Four selected individuals are brought to New York City to receive makeovers from Achelle Dunaway, e.l.f.'s Creative Director and lead makeup artist, as well as participate in a photo shoot. There are various cash prizes for nominees, and the winner is dubbed "face of e.l.f."
Media presence.
e.l.f. products have been favorably reviewed in dozens of major magazines, including "Glamour", "Allure", "Self", "InStyle", and "Good Housekeeping". A segment on e.l.f. has premiered on the "Style Network" as well. The business has been profiled by publications such as "Entrepreneur", "CNN", "Retail Merchandiser," "Information Week", and "The Wall Street Journal". In December 2010, the e.l.f. product '100-Piece Endless Eyes Pro Eyeshadow Palet' was featured in "The O List: Holiday Edition" ("Oprah's Favorite Things") in Oprah Winfrey's "" magazine. The magazine stated the set included "almost every color imaginable", and the product quickly sold entirely out of stock. In January 2011, e.l.f. reintroduced the product at half price, or $10.
Campaigns.
During October 2004, just months after its founding, e.l.f. donated 20% of the proceeds from its 'Shimmering Facial Whip' to Win Against Breast Cancer's research and facilities. It also provided "Color Therapy Care Packages" to breast cancer patients in inner-city hospitals in Los Angeles.
The brand only uses products that are 100% "cruelty-free". In 2007, it was announced that e.l.f. was selling tweezers in a faux leather case that read "e.l.f. Professional Supports PETA in the Fur Free Campaign. 50% of the proceeds from sales of these tweezers go straight to PETA!" CEO Joseph Shamah later earned PETA's "Trail-Blazer Award", given for "compassion and commitment to never testing on animals."
e.l.f. Cosmetics announced the "Mi & You Can Make a Difference" campaign days after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami disaster, which helped fund relief efforts. The program donated 5% of all online purchases to the Red Cross for Japan's crisis recovery initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="31151154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151154" title="Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade +70 kg">
Women's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade +70 kg

The women's super heavyweight (over 70 kg/154 lbs) K-1 category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the heaviest of the female K-1 tournaments. There were just the four women from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under K-1 rules. 
The tournament winner was Hungarian Zita Zatyko who defeated Moroccan Samira El Haddad in the final to take the gold medal. Defeated semi finalists Russian Albina Vaskeykina and Syrian Azza Attoura received bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31151163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151163" title="Ypsolopha heteraula">
Ypsolopha heteraula

Ypsolopha heteraula is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from North America.

</doc>
<doc id="31151168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151168" title="Vittana">
Vittana

Vittana is a non-governmental organization that allows people to lend money via the Internet to students in the developing world. It is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in Seattle. Vittana focuses on student loans because student loans are nearly unavailable in developing countries.
The loans issued by Vittana range from $200 to $1,500 and are funded by individual lenders through Kiva's lending platform and through Vittana's funds. Students are given cash advances for educational expenses before money from donors has been collected. The cash advance provided by a partner organization is covered when Kiva or Vittana has aggregated sufficient money from donors. One hundred percent of the loans are given to the student. A mother or a close relative acts as a co-signer. The recipient of the loan can repay the loan after landing a job. Vittana students have had a 98% repayment rate. Vittana's first comprehensive impact study showed that students increased their incomes an average of 93% after graduation.
Vittana has collaborated with several organizations such as the Clinton Global Initiative, Brigham Young University, Frog Design, Grameen Foundation, HOPE International, Lex Mundi, Orrick, Perkins Coie, Pop!Tech, Unitus and University of Washington, Seattle. In collaboration with Clinton Global Initiative as a key education partner, Vittana partnered with Africa's microfinance institutions to launch lending programs which fund post-secondary education for young people. The loans are able to help 10,000 students complete higher education by 2015. Amazon.com has backed Vittana's educational loans.

</doc>
<doc id="31151174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151174" title="Ypsolopha leptaula">
Ypsolopha leptaula

Ypsolopha leptaula is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from North America.

</doc>
<doc id="31151182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151182" title="Mona Foundation">
Mona Foundation

Mona Foundation is a non-profit organization that supports grassroots initiatives focused on education and raising the status of women and girls in the US and abroad. They believe that universal education and gender equity are the cornerstones of the eradication of poverty, disease, and conflict. 
Mona Foundation is named after Mona Mahmudnizhad, an Iranian high school student who was executed in 1983 for her religious beliefs – Bahá'í – and teaching of children classes.
Methods.
One of Mona Foundation's main objective is to meet the educational needs of the country it operates in. It achieves these objectives by giving 100% of designated funds, and 97% of general funds, directly to its projects, to-date impacting the lives of more than 30,000 children, women and their families. In addition, they provide logistical and material resources, as well as technical trainings and strategic consulting for its projects. Even though education is important for both sexes, educating female has 50-60% higher amount of return than male. Donors are able to view their donation online towards the specific request made from the school.
Services in Haiti.
Ongoing projects in Haiti includes four schools and one training agency: Anís Zunúzí Bahá'í School, George Marcellus, New Horizon, Zunuzi Annex and CAFT(Centre d’apprentissage et de Formation pour la Transformation). 
By identifying specific need of the Haitians community, Mona Foundation uses funds donated by the general public to support educational needs, general funds, infrastructure, operation funds, scholarship and teacher training.
Situation in Haiti.
Issues faced by Haiti like corruption and lack of infrastructure hinder their development even if foreign aids are given. The incentive to not study and work is a common issue faced by the youth in Haiti as poverty is widespread and the need to support their family. Hence without the support from within the community itself, foreign aid may not seem to be useful. In fact much of the effort put in the previous decade by various organizations have proven to be ineffective. Thus Mona Foundation had help to alleviate these two issues by providing resources through direct contact of the manager in Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="31151184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151184" title="Xinfengjiang Dam">
Xinfengjiang Dam

The Xinfengjiang Dam ("also known as the" Xinfeng Dam) is a gravity dam on the Xinfeng River, upstream of its confluence with the Dong River, and just west of Heyuan City in Guangdong Province, China. The dam's power station has a 292.5 MW installed capacity and its reservoir supplies water for farming along with drinking water to Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Hong Kong. Construction on the dam began in 1958, the first generator was operational in 1960 and the dam complete in 1962. The dam's reservoir-filling is attributed to several earthquakes within the project area including a 6.1-magnitude (Mw) on March 19, 1962.
Background.
Construction on the dam began in 1958, a total of of earth was excavated at the construction site. On October 20, 1959 the reservoir behind the dam began to fill and in November there were several small earthquakes within the reservoir zone. When the water level reached above sea level (ASL) in May 1960, there were three to four earthquakes at a 3.1-Mw and on July 18, when the water level ASL, a 4.3-Mw earthquake occurred. On March 19, 1962 when the reservoir reached ASL there was a 6.1-Mw earthquake with an epicenter downstream from the dam which destroyed several houses in the area. After the earthquake and as a precaution, cavities within the foundation were reinforced with concrete. This and other upgrades brought the dam to a 9.5-Mw-rated resistant design.
Design.
The dam is a tall, wide gravity dam. Its crest width is and it has a structural volume of of concrete. Above the dam is a drainage area and it withholds a reservoir of . The dam contains a surface controlled spillway with three floodgates, each with a maximum discharge capacity for a total of . The discharge tunnel on the dam's left bank has a diameter, is long and has a capacity. The dam's reservoir has a flood storage capacity, rated for a once in a hundred year flood. The dam's power station is located at its base (toe) and contains four Francis turbine generators. Three are rated at 72.5 MW and the fourth at 75 MW for a total design capacity of 292.5 MW but the power plant can operate at a maximum 315 MW after later upgrades.

</doc>
<doc id="31151217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151217" title="Canon BG-ED3">
Canon BG-ED3

The Canon BG-ED3 is a battery grip manufactured by Canon for certain models of its EOS digital SLR camera range. It was originally designed for the Canon EOS D30. It can hold 2 BP-511 or BP-511A batteries, effectively doubling the battery life of these cameras. The BG-ED3 can also accept the DR-400 DC Coupler, which when attached to a CA-PS400 or AC adapter ACK-E2, draws directly from an AC power source. A BG-ED3 is not necessary to use a compatible EOS camera with the DR-400. This battery grip also has extra buttons for controlling the camera. It has a shutter release button on the corner, making it easier to shoot vertically framed shots, as the button will be under the right index finger of the photographer. There are other buttons, a switch, and a dial. A larger dial is used to turn the screw that secures the grip to the camera body. The camera body's battery cover can be removed without tools since it is held in place with a spring-loaded pin that can be retracted by a fingernail. The BG-ED3 has space to store the camera body's detached battery cover next to the post that slides into the camera body's battery compartment.
It is also compatible with the Canon EOS 10D, D30 and D60 cameras.

</doc>
<doc id="31151224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151224" title="Osojnik, Semič">
Osojnik, Semič

Osojnik () is a settlement north of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. Traditionally the area was part of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
Osojnik was attested in written sources in 1477 as "Ossoynigk" and "Ossenigkh" (and in 1674 as "Ossoinigkh"). The name is derived from the Slovene common noun "osoje" 'shady side' via the derived adjective "osojen" 'shady', referring to its geographical location.
History.
During the feudal era, Osojnik belonged to the Dominion of Gradac, although the vineyards were controlled by the Dominion of Krupa. The freeholder Janez Konda served as a judicial officer in Osojnik from 1727 to 1738. On 4 July 1943, Italian troops burned nearly the entire village while withdrawing before a Partisan attack at Hom Hill. 
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Osojnik include:

</doc>
<doc id="31151251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151251" title="Only Time Will Tell (novel)">
Only Time Will Tell (novel)

Only Time Will Tell is a first part of the seven in Clifton Chronicles by Jeffrey Archer. The book was published worldwide in 2011. It was launched by Jeffrey Archer himself at Bangalore, India in March 2011, as the beginning of a global book tour.
Plot.
The plot revolves around the main protagonist Harry Clifton, spanning the time between 1920 and the beginning of the Second World War. The novel is set in Bristol, England, from 1919 to 1940 and centers on Harry Clifton, a young boy destined to follow in the footsteps of his father and uncle and work on the docks until a new world is opened up to him. Harry has the gift of song, and when Miss Monday, the choir mistress, Mr. Holcombe, his elementary school teacher, and Old Jack Tar, a Boer War hero and loner all help him, his life is changed forever. Harry’s mother, Maisie, works as a waitress and scrimps and saves to send her son to school and give him a better life.
Maisie’s sacrifices and the secret of Harry’s parentage are the main focus of Only Time Will Tell. Harry has grown up thinking Arthur Clifton is his father and that he died in the war. Maisie knows the truth about Harry’s parentage, and a few people know the truth about Arthur Clifton’s death, but no one tells Harry anything.
While Harry is off at school befriending Giles Barrington, the son of the man who owns the shipping company where Harry’s father and uncle work and who knows what happened to Arthur Clifton, Maisie deals with countless personal tragedies and must make some tough decisions to continue Harry’s schooling. At the same time, it looks as though England may go to war with Germany, and Harry must consider what this means for his future.
Reception.
The novel quickly became a bestseller, reaching number one a day after its release. All the copies of books were sold out the day it was launched by Archer in India.

</doc>
<doc id="31151264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151264" title="Everlasting blossoms">
Everlasting blossoms

Everlasting Blossoms 「永春花」 is one brand of Artificial flower in Taiwan. It was created by the Chinese lady named Mrs. Anna Ho (何連郁文) ever since 1967. 
Anna's masterpiece on Lotus Bonsai (one of the Everlasting Blossom brilliant handicraft created by Mrs. Anna Ho
Origins.
The very first Everlasting Blossoms originated came from an idea "I need to preserve something precious and lasting for Paul (Anna's husband) in case I die before him." 
Anna utilized her creativity and Chinese handicraft heritage to make the knitting wool flower blossoms forever.
Paul in return to show his appreciation named the chef-d'oeuvre as "Everlasting Blossoms".
Contribution.
Since Anna keep promoting the traditional Chinese hand-made arts for years, she successfully enlighten the young generation to refocus on the knitting handicraft in Taiwan.
The reason why Anna regain people's attention on traditional Chinese embroidery is because she made the real flower look-like artworks with 3D layout by knitting wool only. The visitors from all everlasting blossoms exhibitions agree it is barely to recognize the flowers on the table are not real, the only difference between everlasting blossoms and real flower is scent. 
The notability on art for everlasting blossoms is no high-tech nor plastic material inside the embroidery but innovation from traditional Chinese needleworks.
Anna trained a lot of Taiwanese artist before she died and the everlasting blossoms are not only the training material but an art masterpiece and part of Chinese culture already.
Notability.
Everlasting Blossoms shimmered her glory for the people who endeavor to Chinese culture in late 20th century. There were a lot of news paper reported this unique cultural heritage back to those days. 
Anna also conducted several classes in order to fulfill her commitment :"To share the embroidery skill to all the people who want to learn the way to sew an everlasting blossoms". 
One of the famous Chinese writer 謝冰瑩 Hsieh Ping-ying described how she admired Everlasting Blossoms when she was in San Francisco: "There is no any exhibition induce me to conduct second visit, however, Everlasting Blossoms made me visit three times."
 
Honor.
Anna won the awarded from Taichung Library, Taiwan, R.O.C. for her remarkable contribution on Everlasting Blossoms at March 20, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31151267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151267" title="Liberal Movement">
Liberal Movement

Liberal Movement may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31151289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151289" title="Beeckestijn">
Beeckestijn

Beeckestijn is a historical buitenplaats dating from the 18th century in a park by the same name in Velsen-Zuid, Netherlands.
History.
The Beeckestijn site was a buitenplaats in the 15th and 16th centuries before the current English-style garden was designed in the 18th century. The house and the accompanying gardens are listed for varying reasons in the National register of monuments. The original design of the current garden plan from 1772 was preserved in an engraving by the landscape designer Johann Georg Michael (1738-1800), who also designed the neighboring park Waterland. He was commissioned by the owner Jacob Boreel who had visited England and wished for a garden in the style of Stowe, Kewe Gardens and Wimpole. The gardens were partially redesigned in 1936 by the landscape designer Leonard Springer (1855-1940). Throughout the park are three bunkers from WWII that were sunk after the war by pumping the sand beneath them away. One of these bunkers is below the shell pond near the rear of the house.
The house had various owners until being bought by the Trip family in the 17th century. Jan Trip the younger expanded the house to its present state in 1716-1721. The main building seen today has a sculpture on the facade and some stuccos within by Ignatius van Logteren (1685-1732). The house was occupied as a residence until 1924 when it fell into disuse. In 1939 it was used by a Dutch regiment who caused a lot of damage, and in 1941 it was occupied by German infantry. In 1942 the three Atlantikwall bunkers were built in the garden. After the war the house was occupied by Canadians before becoming the property of Jonkvrouwe Agnes Cremer-Boreel who sold it to Velsen. The restoration was completed in 1969 and the property opened as a museum, with a yearly garden festival and a yearly pop festival taking place there.
In 2006 the museum with rooms in the style of the owner Jacob Boreel was closed. The property now belongs to the Vereniging Hendrick de Keyser, which restores and manages other heritage sites in the area. Beeckestijn is due to reopen as a museum of landscape, due to its importance as a relic of Dutch garden history, as well as its role in the nearby water management history (the house was originally on the Wijkermeer).

</doc>
<doc id="31151301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151301" title="Kenworthy">
Kenworthy

Kenworthy and Kenworth and similar may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="31151302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151302" title="Planina, Semič">
Planina, Semič

Planina (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies on the southern slopes of Mount Mirna () in the southern part of Kočevski Rog. It was inhabited by Gottschee Germans that were expelled in 1941 during the Second World War. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local parish church is dedicated to the Prophet Elijah and belongs to Roman Catholic Diocese of Novo Mesto. It was built in around 1730 and extended in the late 18th century. It was renovated in the early 21st century.

</doc>
<doc id="31151307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151307" title="Maglenik Heights">
Maglenik Heights

Maglenik Heights (, ‘Maglenishki Vazvisheniya’ \'m&-gle-nish-ki v&-zvi-'she-ni-ya\) are the heights rising to 2980 m at Mount Gozur and including also Roberts Peak, Chapman Peak, Ichera Peak, Voysil Peak, Zimornitsa Peak and Mirovyane Peak in north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, extending 26 km in north-south direction and 20 km in east-west direction. They are bounded by Ellen Glacier to the south and west, Embree Glacier and Kopsis Glacier to the north, and Rutford Ice Stream and Arapya Glacier to the east, and linked to Bangey Heights to the northwest by Panicheri Gap, and to Barnes Ridge to the east by Dropla Gap.
The heights are named after Maglenik Ridge in Southern Bulgaria.
Location.
Maglenik Heights are centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31151317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151317" title="Ypsolopha maculatella">
Ypsolopha maculatella

Ypsolopha maculatella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona and California.
The wingspan is about 20-22 mm.
The antennae are white, sharply annulated with dark brown except on the basal fourth. The labial palpi are white. The face is also white and the head and thorax are ochreous white. The forewings are ochreous white, while the basal half of the costal edge is ochreous fuscous. From the base runs a broad, dark, ochreous fuscous band outwards below the fold, touching the dorsal edge and then curving upwards to the fold. At the end of the cell is a large, oblong, pronounced, dark fuscous spot, produced into a still larger paler ochreous patch, which covers most of the apical third of the wing and emits three dark fingers to the costal edge. The hindwings are paler fuscous. The abdomen is ochreous white and the legs are white, mottled with black exteriorly.

</doc>
<doc id="31151320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151320" title="Luosifen">
Luosifen

Luosifen (Chinese: 螺蛳粉; Pinyin: luó sī fěn; lit. Snail rice noodle) is a Chinese noodle dish and a speciality of the city of Liuzhou, in Guangxi, southern China.
The dish consists of rice noodles boiled and served in a soup made from a stock made from river snails and pork bones which are stewed for hours with black cardamom, fennel seed, dried tangerine peel, cassia bark, cloves, pepper, bay leaf, licorice root, sand ginger, and star anise. The soup does not usually contain any snail meat but pickled vegetables, fu zhu, fresh green vegetables, peanuts and chili are usually added. Diners can also add extra chili, coriander leaf (cilantro), garlic etc. to suit their own taste.
The dish is served in both small "hole in the wall" type restaurants and in luxury hotel restaurants in Liuzhou city (the latter may include snails in the dish). In recent years, many several luosifen restaurants have been established in Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong etc as well as overseas. Instant versions are also available on the web at merchandising sites such as Taobao.

</doc>
<doc id="31151334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151334" title="Joe Brooks (footballer)">
Joe Brooks (footballer)

Joe Brooks was a footballer from Stalybridge, England. He played in the Football League for Glossop and Sheffield United, and the Southern League for Watford and Stalybridge Celtic. Early in his career, Brooks also played for his hometown's previous club, Stalybridge Rovers prior to its dissolution.

</doc>
<doc id="31151341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151341" title="European Local Democracy Week">
European Local Democracy Week

The “European Local Democracy Week” is an annual event with national and local events organised by participating local authorities in all Council of Europe member States. The purpose is to foster the knowledge of local democracy and promote the idea of democratic participation at a local level. While the week is overseen by the Council of Europe, it is each local and regional community which organizes events centered on the selected theme.
Background.
The week of October 15 is chosen every year for European Local Democracy Week as the European Charter of Local Self-Government was opened for signature by member states on that date in 1985 and the date is considered symbolic for European Local Democracy. In recognition of the fiftieth anniversary of the creation of the Conference of Local and Regional Authorities (the predecessor to today's Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, the first European Local Democracy Week took place in 2007. 
Each year has had a unique and relevant theme for each community to work with which are very important on the local level with past themes including the issue of Sustainability on the local level. The proposed theme for the upcoming European Local Democracy Week in 2011 is Human Rights at the local level. While the themes are universal for all of the local and regional communities, each community can interpret the theme is a manner that is more relevant to their specific needs. Events and activities organized can include poster campaigns, interactive websites, public meetings, exchanges, Open Days or specifically targeted events for different groups of people like children.
The leading theme in 2012 was Human rights make for more inclusive communities.In 2012, some 150 partners from 29 countries joined the ELDW. For the first time, municipalities in Morocco and Tunisia also registered as ELDW partners, in order to strengthen local democracy. A total of 342 activities and events were organised by towns, cities, regions, national and international associations. Motivating citizens to take part in decision-making processes at the grassroots level will be at the center of the 2013 edition of the European Local Democracy Week (ELDW), under the leading theme “active citizenship: voting, sharing, participating”. This theme has been endorsed by the new ELDW Political Co-ordinator, Congress Vice-President and member of the Municipal Council of Dubrovnik (Croatia), Dubravka Suica, further to a co-ordination meeting assembling representatives of European cities, regions and associations.
Purpose and Main Messages.
While there are many goals and purposes behind the European Local Democracy Week,the primary ones are the following (as listed in the Council of Europe literature):
The overriding messages to the annual event include:

</doc>
<doc id="31151342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151342" title="Adult and Non-Formal Education Association in Ethiopia">
Adult and Non-Formal Education Association in Ethiopia

Adult and Non-Formal Education Association in Ethiopia (ANFEAE) is a non-governmental organization that was established to promote sustainable development through the promotion of basic education in youths across Ethiopia. ANFEAE works with community-based institutions to help with implementation and management of educational projects, advocacy, educational training, material development, and networking and research. ANFEAE has regional project offices in Gambella, Oromiya, Benishangul Gumuz and Amhara regional states. Since its establishment, the organization has trained 1,200 civil servants and published 17 training manuals into four national languages. 
Mission.
ANFEAE works to tackle the major educational challenges that Ethiopia confronts by implementing and helping manage education projects. UNESCO outlines the basic structure of such programs in ANFEAE: “educational material is developed by a group consisting of teachers, learners and representatives from health and agriculture organizations. The training course lasts two years (300 hours of instruction in all) in classes of 25 participants, and costs a total of US$240,000, or less than US$40 per pupil. Funds come from USAID Via Pact Ethiopia, SIDA Via Pact Ethiopia, the Addis Abeba, World Bank-Small Grant Programme as well as donations from ANFEAE members. Some former learners become teachers, after a month's training. Each is responsible for 50 pupils and receives a monthly salary of US$45.” 
ANFAE's mission is to “help economic and social development of the country through promoting Life Long Learning and facilitating quality and life-enhancing education and training for adults, the youth and children in rural and urban areas of Ethiopia.” ANFEAE cites numerous outlets through which education in Ethiopia can be cultivated and enhanced: capacity building, research and documentation, women and empowerment, cross cutting issues, and networking and partnership. The goal is to promote community-based organizations, grassroots governmental institutions, literacy and learning initiatives among women, HIV/AIDS awareness, and the establishment and strengthening of partnerships and networks among educational institutions and communities.
Recognition.
In 2008, ANFEAE won the UNESCO International Literacy Prize for its “Literacy Plus” project. The project was based on the initiative that “women are the future of mankind.” According to EAEA, Literacy Plus is a women's empowerment program that “combines business, banking, peace building, conflict resolution, malaria control, animal management and literacy, a program in which women become social activists and social entrepreneurs, effective leaders who are bringing about change in their community.” Through this project, ANFEAE helped empower over 6,200 rural poor women by helping them acquire relevant literacy and business and management-related skills. According to ANFEAE director Alemayehu Haily Gebre, a survey of 3000 women, out of the total 6,200, showed that half of them (over 1,500) increased their revenues by 25%.

</doc>
<doc id="31151358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151358" title="National Tsunami Warning Center">
National Tsunami Warning Center

The National Tsunami Warning Center (NTWC) is one of two tsunami warning centers that are operated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) in the United States. It was called the West Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center (WC/ATWC) until October 1, 2013. The name was changed to reflect its geographical zone of responsibility. Headquartered in Palmer, Alaska, the NTWC is part of an international tsunami warning system (TWS) program and serves as the operational center for TWS of all coastal regions of Canada and the United States, except Hawaii, the Caribbean, and the Gulf of Mexico. The other tsunami warning center is the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) in Ewa Beach, Hawaii, serving participating members and other nations in the Pacific Ocean area of responsibility.
History.
Following the March 27, 1964 Alaska earthquake and tsunami, the NTWC (formerly known as The Palmer Observatory) was established in 1967 in Palmer, Alaska under the auspices of the Coast and Geodetic Survey. This earthquake alerted State and Federal officials that a facility was necessary to provide timely and effective tsunami warnings and earthquake information to the coastal areas of Alaska. Congress provided funds in 1965 to construct two new observatories and establish a tsunami warning system in Alaska. The first observatory constructed was at the U.S. Naval Station on Adak Island in the Andreanof Islands in the Central Aleutians. The City of Palmer, in the Matanuska Valley 42 miles northeast of Anchorage, was selected as the site for the primary observatory due to its proximity to bedrock for instrumentation and to communications facilities. Construction of the observatory installations, the task of engineering and assembling the data systems, and the hookup of the extensive telecommunications and data telemetry network was completed in the summer of 1967. With the dedication of the Palmer Observatory on September 2, 1967, the Alaska Regional Tsunami Warning System (ARTWS) became operational.
Originally, the tsunami warning responsibility for Alaska was shared by the three observatories located at Palmer, Adak and Sitka. Sitka, a seismological observatory since 1904, and Fairbanks were the only two seismic stations operating in Alaska in 1964. The responsibilities of Adak and Sitka were limited to issuing a tsunami warning for events occurring within 300 miles of their location. In later years, the responsibility to provide tsunami warning services for Alaska was transferred from the Adak and Sitka observatories to the Palmer Observatory. Sitka and Adak Observatories were eventually closed in the early 1990s, although the seismic instrumentation is still maintained.
In 1973, the Palmer Observatory was transferred to the National Weather Service's Alaska Region and changed its name to Alaska Tsunami Warning Center (ATWC). In 1982, its area of responsibility (AOR) was enlarged to include the issuing of tsunami warnings to California, Oregon, Washington, and British Columbia for potential tsunamigenic earthquakes occurring in their coastal areas. In 1996, the responsibility was again expanded to include all Pacific-wide tsunamigenic sources that could affect the California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia and Alaska coasts, and the name was changed to the West Coast/Alaska Tsunami Warning Center (WC/ATWC) to reflect those new responsibilities. 
In 2003, a new Tsunami Warning Center building was constructed in the yard of the original building. This new facility was the first LEED certified building in the state of Alaska, and within the U.S. Department of Commerce. LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certification is granted by the U.S. Green Building Council, and awards environmentally sensitive construction practices. This new facility provides upgraded power and communications capability, as well as office space for the expanded staff, assuring that the center will continue to provide quality products to the public well into the future.
Following the devastating Indian Ocean Tsunami in late 2004, the WC/ATWC expanded its scope to the U.S. Atlantic coast, and the Atlantic coast of Canada. On 1 October 2013, the name was changed to the National Tsunami Warning Center (NTWC) to reflect this expanded geographical zone of responsibility.
Overview of Center's Operations.
To accomplish its mission of providing accurate and timely tsunami bulletins to its area-of-responsibility (AOR) - which includes Canadian coastal regions, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, and the ocean coasts of all U.S. States except Hawaii - the NTWC detects, locates, sizes, and analyzes earthquakes worldwide. Earthquakes that activate the Center's alarm system initiate an earthquake and tsunami investigation which includes the following four basic steps: automatic locating and sizing the earthquake; earthquake analysis and review; sea level data analysis to verify the existence of a tsunami and to calibrate models; and disseminating information to the appropriate emergency management officials.
Tsunami bulletins are issued to state/province departments of emergency services; federal disaster preparedness agencies; National Weather Service offices; Canada's Atlantic Storm Prediction Center; Federal Aviation Administration offices; the U.S. Coast Guard; military bases; local emergency managers; United States Geological Survey offices; and many other recipients located in the U.S. and Canada. Earthquakes large enough to be felt near the coast, but below the tsunami warning/watch/advisory threshold size, prompt informational statements to the same recipients as warnings to help prevent needless evacuations.
In addition to its basic functions, the Center conducts a community preparedness program intended to increase public awareness of the tsunami hazard and improve tsunami planning at the community level. The Center also actively pursues developmental projects which enhance tsunami warning operations.
The Center operates 24 hours every day with two watchstanders on duty. Center personnel are notified of activity by an alarm system which is activated by several methods. 
·Sustained, strong oscillatory motion at individual seismometers. 
·Activation by multiple earthquake arrivals observed in sectors of the globe within a specified time interval. 
·Activation by a real-time seismic processing system when an earthquake exceeds a predetermined magnitude threshold for various regions throughout the world. 
·Deep ocean tsunami sensor detection of an event.
Bulletins.
Depending on the seismic data (Procedure Chart), NTWC will issue the following types of bulletins:
Tsunami Warning.
A tsunami warning is issued when a tsunami with the potential to generate widespread inundation is imminent, expected, or occurring. Warnings alert the public that dangerous coastal flooding accompanied by powerful currents is possible and may continue for several hours after initial arrival. Warnings alert emergency management officials to take action for the entire tsunami hazard zone. Appropriate actions to be taken by local officials may include the evacuation of low-lying coastal areas, and the repositioning of ships to deep waters when there is time to safely do so. Warnings may be updated, adjusted geographically, downgraded, or canceled. To provide the earliest possible alert, initial warnings are normally based only on seismic information.
Tsunami Advisory.
A tsunami advisory is issued when a tsunami with the potential to generate strong currents or waves dangerous to those in or very near the water is imminent, expected, or occurring. The threat may continue for several hours after initial arrival, but significant inundation is not expected for areas under an advisory. Appropriate actions to be taken by local officials may include closing beaches, evacuating harbors and marinas, and the repositioning of ships to deep waters when there is time to safely do so. Advisories are normally updated to continue the advisory, expand/contract affected areas, upgrade to a warning, or cancel the advisory.
Tsunami Watch.
A tsunami watch is issued to alert emergency management officials and the public of an event which may later impact the watch area. The watch area may be upgraded to a warning or advisory - or canceled - based on updated information and analysis. Therefore, emergency management officials and the public should prepare to take action. Watches are normally issued based on seismic information without confirmation that a destructive tsunami is underway.
Tsunami Information Statement.
A tsunami information statement is issued to inform emergency management officials and the public that an earthquake has occurred, or that a tsunami warning, watch or advisory has been issued for another section of the ocean. In most cases, information statements are issued to indicate there is no threat of a destructive tsunami and to prevent unnecessary evacuations as the earthquake may have been felt in coastal areas. An information statement may, in appropriate situations, caution about the possibility of destructive local tsunamis. Information statements may be re-issued with additional information, though normally these messages are not updated. However, a watch, advisory or warning may be issued for the area, if necessary, after analysis and/or updated information becomes available.
This definition applies to Mass News Dissemination Product Types, Tsunami Information Statements, and Tsunami Seismic Information Statements.
Cancellation.
A final product indicating the end of the damaging tsunami threat. A cancellation is usually issued after an evaluation of sea level data confirms that a destructive tsunami will not impact the warning, advisory, or watch area.
Deep-ocean tsunami detection.
In 1995, NOAA began developing the Deep-ocean Assessment and Reporting of Tsunamis (DART) system. By 2001, an array of six stations had been deployed in the Pacific Ocean.
Beginning in 2005, as a result of the tsunami caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, plans were announced to add 32 more DART buoys to be operational by mid-2007.
These stations give detailed information about tsunamis while they are still far off shore. Each station consists of a sea-bed bottom pressure recorder (at a depth of 1000–6000 m) which detects the passage of a tsunami and transmits the data to a surface buoy via acoustic modem. The surface buoy then radios the information to the NTWC via the GOES satellite system. The bottom pressure recorder lasts for two years while the surface buoy is replaced every year. The system has considerably improved the forecasting and warning of tsunamis in the Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="31151362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151362" title="Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis">
Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis

SCIA, the Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis, is a biennial scientific conference organized by the national pattern recognition societies in the Nordic countries (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden). The conference is officially sponsored by the International Association of Pattern Recognition which is the international roof organization for the national pattern recognition societies. The conference series was established by pattern recognition, image analysis and computer vision pioneers in the universities of the Nordic countries, but has become an international conference acknowledged by the researches in the fields of computer vision, image analysis, pattern recognition and multimedia. Like European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV) from Europe and International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis (PRIA) from Russia, it is considered an important conference in pattern recognition in Northern and Eastern Europe.
The submitted papers are peer-reviewed using the single-blind practice by 2-3 reviewers and the acceptance ratio is typically between 40-50%. The oral session is a single-track. The conference rotates between the four organizing countries. All accepted articles, both oral and poster, are published in the Springer Lecture Notes on Computer Science. The official language of the submissions and the conference is English.
In the conference banquet, the biennial award for the best Scandinavian PhD thesis in the fields of pattern recognition and image analysis is announced.

</doc>
<doc id="31151369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151369" title="Ypsolopha vintrella">
Ypsolopha vintrella

Ypsolopha vintrella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona and California.
The wingspan is about 17-22 mm.
The antennae are white with sharp prominent dark brown annulations. The labial palpi are white and the face, head and thorax are pure white. The forewings are white with indistinct and ill-defined, light ochreous fuscous markings, the most persistent of these are a central longitudinal row of three large oblong spots, more or less connected by single dark scales, 
and a series of equidistant costal, apical and dorsal spots around the edge of the apical third of the wing. There are also two ochreous fuscous costal spots, one at basal third and one at the middle of the wing, and two or more dorsal spots, but none of these markings are very constant. The hindwings are light gray, the abdomen is dark fuscous and the legs are white.

</doc>
<doc id="31151404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151404" title="Electric Coconut">
Electric Coconut

Electric Coconut (aka Elektrik Cokernut) was an English Moog band, formed in Surrey in the 1970s. The group consisted of Len Hunter and Bill Wellings of BWD Productions.
Bill Wellings, Australian ex-pat (and former catalogue model), had pioneered the anonymous pop cover versions concept with the "Top Six" EPs in the mid-60s (a series which gave a big break to a young arranger by the name of Johnny Harris).
Wellings formed BWD in the late sixties and did an exclusive deal with Music for Pleasure (MFP) - the first 'Hits' LP, "Hits 67", came out some time later. It was widely rumoured that this LP featured David Bowie singing on the track 'Penny Lane', but it was actually session man Tony Steven. "Hits 70" did feature Elton John, though.
The first "Hot Hits" LP came in 1970, and features versions of 'Vehicle' and 'Groovin' With Mr Bloe' (the latter played by Larry Adler). "Hot Hits Vol. 2" features Blue Mink's Barry Morgan on drums, as does "Vol 4".
Among the Music Directors regularly used by BWD Productions were Alan Moorhouse, Johnny Harris, Johnny Howard and Len Hunter.
BWD was based in Guildford. Bill Wellings is deceased, with the BWD catalogue now in the hands of his wife. BWD also recorded for the Contour label, using the name 'Cherry Orchard Productions' - "Swing Gently with Strauss" being one of their releases.
Discography.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="31151416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151416" title="Mirovyane Peak">
Mirovyane Peak

Mirovyane Peak (, ‘Vrah Mirovyane’ \'vr&h mi-'ro-vya-ne\) is the peak rising to 1500 m in Maglenik Heights, north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is surmounting Kopsis Glacier to the west, lower Embree Glacier to the north, and Young Glacier to the south.
The peak is named after the settlement of Mirovyane in Western Bulgaria.
Location.
Mirovyane Peak is located at , which is 3.46 km northeast of Zimornitsa Peak, 13.68 km southeast of Mount Schmid and 17.94 km north-northwest of Mount Besch. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31151426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151426" title="Ypsolopha undulatella">
Ypsolopha undulatella

Ypsolopha undulatella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona, Utah and Colorado.
The wingspan is about 20-24 mm.
The antennae are light fuscous with indistinct darker annulations. The labial palpi are white, dusted with black. The face, head and thorax are bluish white minutely dusted with black atoms, each scale being white with dark lines. The forewings are bluish silvery white, densely overlaid with black and brown in ill-defined wavy transverse lines. Each white scale is tipped 
with black. The apical part of the wing is strongly cupreous brown, especially around the edge. The hindwings are light fuscous, the abdomen is silvery fuscous and the legs are white dusted with black.

</doc>
<doc id="31151447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151447" title="Avtar Singh Rikhy">
Avtar Singh Rikhy

Shri Avtar Singh Rikhy ( born 1923) was a former Secretary-General of 6th Lok Sabha and 7th Lok Sabha (Lower House of Parliament of India). He succeeded Shri S. L. Shakdhar, after his appointment as the Chief Election Commissioner
Early life.
Dr. Kashyap had his higher education from Punjab University and Calcutta University. He was Double M.A. in History and English. He stood third in order of merit in the Punjab University in M.A. (English) 1945; diploma in Journalism, Punjab University 1944; diploma in Social Work (Welfare), Calcutta University, 1948 where he stood second in order of merit; after being successful in the All-India Combined Services Competitive Examination, 1945 served in Various administrative capacities in the Government, 1946-1956.

</doc>
<doc id="31151470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151470" title="Bennett's inequality">
Bennett's inequality

In probability theory, Bennett's inequality provides an upper bound on the probability that the sum of independent random variables deviates from its expected value by more than any specified amount. Bennett's inequality was proved by George Bennett of the University of New South Wales in 1962.
Let 
be independent random variables, and assume (for simplicity but without loss of generality) they all have zero expected value. Further assume almost surely for all , and let 
Then for any ,
where . 
See also Freedman (1975) and Fan et al. (2012) for a martingale version of Bennett's inequality and its improvement, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31151477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151477" title="Podreber, Semič">
Podreber, Semič

Podreber () is a settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31151489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151489" title="Ypsolopha lyonothamnae">
Ypsolopha lyonothamnae

Ypsolopha lyonothamnae is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the California Channel Islands.
The larvae feed on "Lyonothamnus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31151494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151494" title="Zimornitsa Peak">
Zimornitsa Peak

Zimornitsa Peak (, ‘Vrah Zimornitsa’ \'vr&h zi-'mor-ni-tsa\) is the peak rising to 1700 m in Maglenik Heights, north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is overlooking Kopsis Glacier to the northwest and Young Glacier to the southeast.
The peak is named after the settlement of Zimornitsa in Southern Bulgaria.
Location.
Zimornitsa Peak is located at , which is 7.9 km northeast of Mount Gozur, 11.43 km southeast of Fucha Peak, 3.46 km southwest of Mirovyane Peak and 17.87 km northwest of Mount Besch. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31151514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151514" title="Semantic Technology Institute International">
Semantic Technology Institute International

Semantic Technology Institute (STI) International is an association of global expert members in the fields of semantics and services, located in Austria. It has members mostly from Europe, but also from South Korea, Malaysia, and Singapore. 
STI International is governed by an Executive Board, and has an overall Board of representatives from all members, plus several distinguished "STI Fellows": Dr. Michael Brodie, Prof. Dr. Guus Schreiber, Prof. Dr. Jim Hendler, Dr. Mark Greaves, and Prof. Dr. Rudi Studer.
STI International is the organizer of several important annual international conferences in the fields of semantic technologies and future internet: the Extended (previously called European) Semantic Web Conference (ESWC) along with the ESWC Summer School on semantic technologies, and the Future Internet Symposium (FIS). The institute also initiates and organizes smaller events and symposia in Austria and world-wide.
The association owns a spinoff company, STI International Consulting und Research GmbH, which pursues the interests of the members in research (under the name STI Research) and in education/training (under the name Semsphere). 
Members.
Voting partners:
The network also has non-voting members that support its operations and have other benefits; the full list of members can be found at the institute's website.

</doc>
<doc id="31151556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151556" title="Potoki, Semič">
Potoki, Semič

Potoki () is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The railway line from Novo Mesto to Metlika runs just east of the settlement. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31151560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151560" title="Poverty in Haiti">
Poverty in Haiti

Poverty affects the Haitians in many aspects of everyday life, including housing, nutrition, education, healthcare, infant mortality rates, as well as environment. Haiti has constantly been plagued with low levels of living conditions, with many Haitians moving into the capital city of Port-au-Prince in a bid to escape poverty in the more rural areas of the country. Levels of poverty in Haiti are generally regarded as among the most severe in the western hemisphere. In 2012, the gross domestic product in Haiti was estimated to be US$13.15 billion by "The World Factbook", ranked 146 (out of 299 countries) in the world. Based on estimates by the World Bank in 2001, the percentage of people living below the poverty line is 78%.
Causes.
Structural violence.
One of the underlying problems that is creating poverty within Haiti is structural violence. As defined by Medical Anthropologist Dr. Paul Farmer, structural violence is the way by which social arrangements are constructed that put specific members or groups of a population in harm's way. Such groups include females and those belonging to lower socioeconomic classes Being one of the world's poorest countries, Haiti illustrates how prevailing societal frameworks perpetuate the suffering of certain individuals and communities. Due to social factors such as racism, pollution, poor housing, and varying forms of social disparity, structural violence limits the citizens of Haiti, particularly those living in rural areas or coming from less privileged backgrounds, from receiving the necessary assistance and support to escape the poverty trap. Studies have suggested that by addressing unfavorable bio-social phenomena, such as social inequalities, the impact of structural violence in perpetuating poverty can be reduced. Subsequently, improvements to the nation's standard of living and quality of life can also be attained.
Corruption.
In 2012, Haiti was ranked the tenth most corrupt country in the world by Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index, with a CPI score of 1.8. Studies conducted by Transparency International shows a strong correlation between corruption and poverty. Corruption increases poverty through lower economic growth rates, biased tax systems which would also lead to a widening disparity between the rich and the poor, poor implementation of social programs, lower welfare spending and unequal access to education. Specifically for Haiti, studies have shown that international donors have been slow to assist Haiti, mainly due to widespread corruption and structural problems present in the country. Overseas charitable organisations have contributed more than $2.6 billion of aid to Haiti since 1994, of which any obvious benefits have yet to be seen.
Infant mortality.
Haiti's infant mortality rate of 53 deaths per 1,000 live births (in 2011) is a result of the poor healthcare system. The lack of a well-planned education system is the cause of low literacy rates (45%) in the country.
Inequality.
Haiti ranks 59.5 in the Gini Coefficient index, with the richest 10% of Haitians receiving 47.83% of the nation's income, while the poorest 10% receive less than 0.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="31151567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151567" title="Voysil Peak">
Voysil Peak

Voysil Peak (, ‘Vrah Voysil’ \'vr&h voy-'sil\) is the peak rising to 2900 m in Maglenik Heights, north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is surmounting Kopsis Glacier tributaries to the north and east, and upper Ellen Glacier to the southwest.
The peak is named after the settlement of Voysil in Southern Bulgaria.
Location.
Voysil Peak is located at , which is 7.1 km east of Mount Press, 5.6 km south-southeast of Bezden Peak, 9.76 km west-southwest of Zimornitsa Peak and 4.07 km northwest of Mount Gozur. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31151576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151576" title="Erik Sabo">
Erik Sabo

Erik Sabo (born 22 November 1991) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Spartak Trnava.
He made his debut for Spartak Trnava against Slovan Bratislava on 25 February 2011.
Sabo made his national team debut against Montenegro on 23 May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31151578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151578" title="Iryna Zhychuk">
Iryna Zhychuk

Iryna Zhychuk is a Ukrainian painter and designer. Winner of Ukrainian Art Week. Participant of German Art Week, Russian Art Week, and Turkish Art Week.
Biography.
Zhychuk was born on April 21, 1985 in Gorohiv, Volyn, Ukraine.
2008 graduated from Lutsk State Technical University specialty graphic-designer. Now live in Lutsk. Married to Mykola Zhychuk. One of the founders of the NGO KvartyraFM.

</doc>
<doc id="31151610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151610" title="Tilt test (geotechnical engineering)">
Tilt test (geotechnical engineering)

In geomechanics, a tilt test is a simple test to estimate the shear strength parameters of a discontinuity. Two pieces of rock containing a discontinuity are held in hand or mounted in test equipment with the discontinuity horizontal. The sample is slowly tilted until the top block moves. The angle with the horizontal at onset of movement is called the "tilt-angle".
The size of the specimen is limited to 10–20 cm for hand-held tests, while machine-operated tilt test equipment may handle up to meter-sized samples. In the field, the angle can be determined most easily with an inclinometer as present in most geological or structural compasses.
Tilt-angle.
The "tilt-angle" equals the material friction of the discontinuity wall plus the roughness i-angle ("tilt-angle" = "φwall material" + "i") if no real cohesion is present (i.e. no cementing or gluing material between the two blocks), no infill material is present, the asperities do not break, and the walls of the discontinuity are completely fitting at the start of the test, while if the walls of the discontinuity are completely non-fitting, the "tilt-angle" equals the friction of the material of the discontinuity walls ("tilt-angle" = "φwall material"). If cementation or gluing material is present or asperities break, the "tilt-angle" represents a combination of the (apparent or real) cohesion and the friction along the discontinuity. If infill material is present, the "tilt-angle" is governed partially or completely by the infill, depending on the thickness of the infill and height of asperities.

</doc>
<doc id="31151619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151619" title="Warsaw Chopin Airport railway station">
Warsaw Chopin Airport railway station

Warsaw Chopin Airport railway station is a railway station located under the terminal of the Warsaw Chopin Airport in Warsaw, Poland. The station was built as part of Terminal 2 in 2008 but remained non-operational until the tracks to connect to the rail network were completed. The cost of the link to Warszawa Służewiec is 230 million złoty.
The station fully opened for service on 1 June 2012, when Szybka Kolej Miejska launched service to and . Koleje Mazowieckie will also have service in the near future to , to connect to the Warsaw-Modlin Mazovia Airport soon. The journey to central Warsaw takes slightly over 20 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="31151630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151630" title="Basel Connecting Line">
Basel Connecting Line

The Basel Connecting Line () is a railway line in the Swiss city of Basel and connects Basel Baden station on the right bank of the Rhine and Basel SBB station on the left bank. It is located on Swiss territory.
Most of the German long-distance trains on the Rhine Valley Railway end at Basel SBB station and run along the Connecting Line. Many Regional-Express trains of Deutsche Bahn (from Freiburg) and S-Bahn trains of the SBB GmbH (from Zell) also run over the Connecting Line to Basel SBB.
History.
The railway line was authorised by Article 4 of an international agreement of 15 October 1869, concerning the construction and operation of the Gotthard Railway. The building of the Connecting Line was licensed by the Swiss federal government on 14 March 1870. On 3 November 1873 the line was opened, including a one-line bridge over the Rhine. Following an agreement between the then Swiss Central Railway and the Grand Duchy of Baden State Railways, the Connecting Line was built as a joint line by both companies. The project was exclusively funded by the Central Railway, which became its owner and it is now owned by the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB). Since the railway reform, the rail infrastructure is managed exclusively by the SBB. SBB, Deutsche Bahn and many other companies operate on the line. The property boundary is at the 3.537 km chainage mark (at the north head of the Rhine bridge).
Technology.
The Basel Connecting Line, including railway Basel Baden station, Basel SBB station and Basel marshalling yard is equipped for Swiss locomotives without special technical equipment and can be used by services from Germany. The line is equipped with the German intermittent cab signalling system (Punktförmige Zugbeeinflussung) and the Swiss train protection system (Integra-Signum). Trains runs on the right, unlike elsewhere in the SBB network, in order to avoid the need to switch sides at Basel Baden station. The overhead line can be used by trains with both Swiss and German pantographs (maximum lateral deviation of 200 mm). The border between the overhead electrification systems is at the property boundary.

</doc>
<doc id="31151637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151637" title="Ichera Peak">
Ichera Peak

Ichera Peak (, ‘Vrah Ichera’ \'vr&h i-che-'ral\) is the peak rising to 2600 m in Maglenik Heights, north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is overlooking Ellen Glacier to the southwest and Young Glacier to the northeast.
The peak is named after the settlement of Ichera in Eastern Bulgaria.
Location.
Ichera Peak is located at , which is 18.88 km east of Mount Anderson, 4.21 km south-southeast of Mount Gozur, 9.78 km south-southwest of Zimornitsa Peak, 15.18 km west-northwest of Mount Besch and 5.93 km north-northwest of Chapman Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31151665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151665" title="Notre Dame Fighting Irish women's basketball">
Notre Dame Fighting Irish women's basketball

The Notre Dame Fighting Irish women's basketball team is the intercollegiate women's basketball program representing the University of Notre Dame in Notre Dame, Indiana. The program currently competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference of NCAA Division I. They have one NCAA National Championship. They play their home games in the Purcell Pavilion at the Edmund P. Joyce Center. The Fighting Irish are currently coached by Muffet McGraw.
History.
Current coach Muffet McGraw has been the women's head coach since 1987 and has led Notre Dame to five Final Four appearances (1997, 2001, 2011, 2012 and 2013), winning the National Championship in 2001 by beating Purdue 68-66. The 2001 team was led by 6-foot-5 center and future WNBA star Ruth Riley. Under McGraw's stewardship, Notre Dame has made it to the Sweet Sixteen in 6 out of the last 11 seasons, and has had 20-win seasons in 14 out of the past 15 seasons. She has led the Irish to 15 NCAA tournament appearances including a current streak of 13 straight. In the current streak, Notre Dame has made it to the second round in all but one of the appearances.
McGraw would take the Fighting Irish back to the Final Four in 2011 under the play of star point guard Skylar Diggins, beating Pat Summitt's Tennessee Lady Volunteers; the program's first win against the Lady Vols in 21 tries. That win was followed by an upset of the number one-ranked UConn Huskies (making Notre Dame the first team ever to beat both Tennessee and UConn in the same tournament) to advance the Fighting Irish to the 2011 championship game, where it lost to Texas A&M. The Irish would return to the championship game in 2012, losing to unbeaten Baylor after winning the Big East regular season title and beating UConn again to reach the final.
In the 2012-2013 season, the Irish, led by Diggins and shooting guard Kayla McBride, posted their best regular season record in school history (31-1), despite losing Big East defensive player of the year Devereaux Peters and two other starters to graduation. Their only regular season loss was to Baylor, and the team posted wins over #9 Tennessee in Knoxville and a narrow 1 point at #1 Connecticut. The Irish completed an undefeated 16-0 Big East regular season championship vs #3 Connecticut in the final game of the season, winning a triple overtime thriller to close out Diggins’ career in South Bend. UConn and Notre Dame would again meet in the Big East Tournament final, with Notre Dame winning narrowly 61-59 to claim their first ever Big East tournament championship. Notre Dame had lost to UConn in the finale 6 previous times. Notre Dame returned to a school record third Final 4 and are currently riding a school record 30-game win streak.
Awards and Honors.
National Awards.
Naismith College Player of the Year
AP National Player of the Year
Sports Illustrated National Player of the Year
NCAA Basketball Tournament Most Outstanding Player
Nancy Lieberman Award
Conference Awards.
Players.
Big East Player of the Year
Big East Freshman of the Year
Big East Defensive Player of the Year
Midwestern Collegiate Conference/Horizon League Player of the Year
North Star Conference Player of the Year
Coaches.
ACC Coach of the Year
Big East Coach of the Year
Midwestern Collegiate Conference/Horizon League Coach of the Year
North Star Conference Coach of the Year

</doc>
<doc id="31151671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151671" title="Xinfeng River">
Xinfeng River

The Xinfeng River (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Sunfung River; ) is a river in Guangdong Province, China and a tributary of the Dong River. Its confluence with the Dong is in Heyuan. The river is dammed by the Xinfengjiang Dam, creating the large Xinfengjiang Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="31151708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151708" title="Tsarskoye Selo Railway">
Tsarskoye Selo Railway

The Tsarskoye Selo Railway was the first public railway line in the Russian Empire. It ran for from Saint Petersburg to Pavlovsk through the nearby (4 km) Tsarskoye Selo. Construction began in May 1836, and the first test trips were carried out the same year between Tsarskoye Selo and Pavlovsk, using horse-drawn trains. The line was officially opened on 30 October 1837, when an 8-carriage train was hauled by a steam locomotive between Saint Petersburg and Tsarskoye Selo. Until the construction of the Moscow – Saint Petersburg Railway in 1851, it was the only passenger train line in Russia. In 1899 it was merged into the Moscow-Windau-Rybinsk Railways and now forms part of the Oktyabrskaya Railway.
History.
The first railways in Russia were short and narrow-track lines with wooden and then steel rails, which were used in the 18th century to transport carriages with ore at numerous mines of the Urals. In particular, the Nizhny Tagil line built in 1833–1834 was equipped with a steam locomotive and could transport a few miners, together with the load of ore. The steam locomotive was constructed by the Russian engineers, father and son Cherepanovs. However, their design had not found application outside of their factory, and most hardware for the Tsarskoye Selo Railways, including rails, carriages, locomotives and railroad switches, was purchased abroad.
The first European railways had demonstrated their great economic potential, and in August 1834, the Russian Mining Ministry invited a prominent Austrian-Czech engineer Franz Anton von Gerstner for exploring the possibility of building railways in Russia. After several month of travel through the country, in January 1835, he submitted a written report to Nicholas I and then met him in person, suggesting to build railways between Moscow and St. Petersburg and then between Moscow, Kazan and Nizhny Novgorod. The proposal of Gerstner was evaluated by a commission headed by Mikhail Speransky. The commission found the project feasible and recommended to start with a short railway between St. Petersburg, Tsarskoye Selo and the nearby Pavlovsk. This resolution was supported by the imperial decrees of 21 March and 15 April 1836.
Construction.
The construction and operation of the Tsarskoye Selo Railways was managed by a newly established joint-stock company headed by Count Alexander Bobrinsky (president), von Gerstner and businessmen Benedict Kramer and Ivan Konrad Plitt. The company had about 700 shareholders, both in Russia and in Europe. The works started in early May 1836 and were supervised by 17 engineers, some of whom were previously involved in railway construction in England. About 1800 workers were involved first and were then reinforced by 1400 soldiers. Aiming to promote the railways, the train terminal of Pavlovsk was built as an entertaining center. It then regularly hosted evening festivities with invited celebrities, such as concerts of Johann Strauss II in 1856.
The line was straight, with a slight downhill slope toward St. Petersburg and had 42 bridges. The bridges were mostly wooden and long, with one stone bridge long. Apart from the wide rail spacing of , the structure was regular, with long wooden ties separated by , resting on a layer of stones and gravel. Rails had a length of , and a weight of , . While the line near Tsarskoye Selo was completed already in 1836, the steam locomotives had not arrived yet, and the works near St. Petersburg were delayed by land purchasing problems. Therefore, in order to test the road, first two two-carriage trains were pulled by horses on the Sundays of 27 September and 4 and 11 October 1836. The journey of about 4 kilometers between Tsarskoye Selo and Pavlovsk was taking 15 minutes. Test trips with steam locomotives started in November 1836 on a long section between Pavlovsk and the village of Bolshoe Kuzmino. Gerstner conducted those tests himself, with more than a hundred trips in the first week, and was mostly preoccupied with not hitting the wondering crowds of people who arrived to watch the curiosity. Passengers of one of those trips were Nicholas I and his family. These tests demonstrated that the line could be operated through the Russian winter, proving the skeptics wrong.
Operation.
The first regular train left St. Petersburg on 30 October 1837 and in 35 minutes arrived to Tsarskoye Selo. This train of 8 carriages was pulled by a steam locomotive and its arrival was observed by numerous noble guests, including Nicholas I. Regular exploitation started in January 1838. Between January and April 1838, most trains were pulled by horses, and steam locomotives were used only on Sundays and public holidays. From April, horse power was eliminated, and almost 14,000 passengers had been served between 4 and 30 April. The trains ran without stops between St. Petersburg and Tsarskoye Selo, and from May 1838 were reaching Pavlovsk. All communication was first done by voice and whistle. An optical telegraph was installed in 1838. It consisted of piles separated by and a guard on duty in a shed nearby. Signals were set by raising 1, 2 or 3 black disks (daytime) or red lamps (night) on the pile and took about 30 minutes to transmit along the line. Electrical telegraph was installed in 1845, but dismantled in 1848 due to frequent failures; a more reliable system was set up in 1856.
First trips were irregular, and a train schedule was introduced from 15 May 1838, with five trips per day between 9am and 10pm (7am to 11pm in summer). Trains were leaving the terminal stations simultaneously in order to bypass each other at a specially designed crossing in the middle of the line. After a head-on collision of two trains on 11 August 1840 the traffic was conducted one way only. Some passengers were allowed to travel with their small horse-pulled carriages, which were transported on the open platforms of the train. Smoking in the trains was prohibited for reasons of safety of the nearby passengers. Violators were removed from the train and their names reported to their employers. The same rules applied to drunkards. Smoking trains were introduced in 1857. A second, parallel line was laid in summer 1876 that improved the safety and increased the capacity of the railways. A train repair workshop was built around that time in St. Petersburg.
The railways were profitable with the ratio of profit to expenses of about 1.7. Their operation was maintained by 236 employees whose salary took about 22% of the company profit. They line mostly transported people, with only about 5% of cargo trains. It was absorbed by the much bigger Moscow-Windau-Rybinsk Railways in 1899–1900 and converted to the standard gauge.
Carriages.
By 1837 the railroads had 6 locomotives, 44 passenger carriages and 19 cargo carriages. In the 1830s–1840s, each train pulled 8 carriages at an average speed of about ; the speed increased to some in the 1870s. The locomotives of were purchased in England and Belgium. They weighed about and reached a top on-line speed of about . The carriages had wooden frames and two pairs of cast iron wheels with steel rims. Their bottom parts were built in England and the top in Belgium or Russia. The top (passenger part) was nailed to the wooden bottom frame. The carriages had no heating, and their top parts had four different designs. Their capacity varied between 30 and 42 passengers.
Legacy.
The Tsarskoye Selo Railways had a short length, very limited capacity, and nearly no industrial value – it was mainly transporting the nobles for sightseeing in Tsarskoye Selo and festivities organized in Pavlovsk. Yet, it was regarded as an important step for development of the rail network in Russia. In particular, practice demonstrated the drawbacks of the rail spacing, and the following rail networks used the more standard gauge tracks. In the 1840–50s, the Tsarskoye Selo Railways was actively used for training of railroad personnel and various locomotive and railroad tests.
The opening of the Tsarskoye Selo Railways in 1837 was an extremely popular event reflected in the news, handicrafts and theater performances in Russia. A copper medal ( diameter) was minted to commemorate the opening of the railways. Its avers featured Peter I, Minerva and Nicholas I, as well as the text "The first railroad from St. Petersburg to Pavlovsk was opened on 30 October 1837. Nicholas I, the follower of Peter I, introduced railways to Russia." The reverse pictured a steam locomotive and read "The founders of the first railways Count Alexander Bobrinsky, Benedict Kramer and I. K. Plitt. The builder of the railways was Franz Gerstner, born Czech and cognate to Russians. Several hundred medals were minted to be distributed at the opening of the railways, but for uncertain reasons, Nicholas I did not approve that.

</doc>
<doc id="31151709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151709" title="Lukáš Kováč">
Lukáš Kováč

Lukáš Kováč (born 21 June 1987) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce.

</doc>
<doc id="31151710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151710" title="Tommy McCafferty">
Tommy McCafferty

Tommy 'The Ghost" McCafferty is an Irish kickboxer. He was born in Letterkenny, County Donegal. He is coached by the former three-time world kickboxing champion Paddy Toland at PT's Kickboxing Gym in Carrigans, County Donegal. McCafferty was the ISKA World Light middleweight and ISKA Middleweight kickboxing champion, 2008-2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31151725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151725" title="Ypsolopha colleaguella">
Ypsolopha colleaguella

Ypsolopha colleaguella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the Volga River valley in southern Russia and Kazakhstan (the area of the lower Irtysz River near the Chinese border).
The wingspan is 17.5–19.5 mm. The forewings are lanceolate and two-coloured. The division line between the two colours runs along the white narrow band passing in the half of its width from the base to the external margin. The part adjusted to the costal margin
Is white, but sometimes tinged dark-brown scales. The fragment adjusted to the rear margin is dark grey with a narrow whitish streak at the dorsum. There are irregularly distributed small dark dots over the whole area of the wing. The fringes are three-coloured and the colour of a given part matches that of the corresponding part of the wing. The hindwings are white-grey at the base and in the middle part, but distinctly dark grey at the apex. The fringes are of the same colour. The thorax is white-grey and the abdomen is white with a few grey scales. The legs are covered with two-coloured white-grey adherent scales.
Etymology.
The name of this species is a dedicated to the friends of the author that helped in his work on
Ypsolophidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31151726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151726" title="Piano Sonata in F major, K. 547a (Mozart)">
Piano Sonata in F major, K. 547a (Mozart)

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Piano Sonata in F major, K. 547a (Anh. 135) is a sonata in two movements. It was originally published as an original sonata by Breitkopf and Härtel in 1799 but was soon found to be an amalgam of movements culled from other compositions. It is sometimes called as Mozart's Piano Sonata No. 19.
Movements.
The work has two movements:
The set of six keyboard variations on an original Andante, K. 54/547b are sometimes played as an additional third movement to this piece. These variations are themselves also transcribed from the same violin sonata (K. 547) as the Allegro with its fourth variation (which was violin-centric in the original) re-written.

</doc>
<doc id="31151733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151733" title="Dropla Gap">
Dropla Gap

Dropla Gap (, ‘Sedlovina Dropla’ \ se-dlo-vi-'na dro-'pla\) is the flat, ice-covered saddle of elevation 850 m in north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, extending 1.35 km to link Maglenik Heights to the west and Barnes Ridge to the east. It is part of the glacial divide between Young Glacier to the north and Arapya Glacier to the south.
The gap is named after the settlements of Dropla in Northeastern and Southeastern Bulgaria.
Location.
Dropla Gap is centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31151768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151768" title="Ypsolopha cajaliella">
Ypsolopha cajaliella

Ypsolopha cajaliella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="31151770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151770" title="Erymanthus (name)">
Erymanthus (name)

In Greek mythology, the name Erymanthus (Ἑρύμανθος) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31151787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151787" title="Praproče, Semič">
Praproče, Semič

Praproče () is a settlement northwest of Gradnik in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31151799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151799" title="Dagmar Kolesárová">
Dagmar Kolesárová

Dagmar Kolesárová (born December 1990) is a Slovak beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Slovenskej Republiky 2011 and will represent her country in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant.
Early life.
A native of Revúca, Kolesárová is pursuing a bachelor's degree at the Faculty of Chemical and Food Technology, Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava.
Miss Universe SR 2011.
Kolesárová, who stands tall, competed as one of 13 finalists in her country's national beauty pageant, Miss Universe Slovenskej Republiky, broadcast live on March 5, 2011 from Bratislava, where she obtained the "Miss Diva Award" and became the eventual winner of the title, gaining the right to represent the Slovak Republic in Miss Universe 2011.
Miss Universe 2011.
As the official representative of her country to the 2011 Miss Universe pageant, broadcast live from São Paulo, Brazil on September 12, 2011, Kolesárová will vie to succeed current Miss Universe titleholder, Ximena Navarrete of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="31151801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151801" title="Paddy Toland">
Paddy Toland

Paddy Toland is the coach of the current Middle and Light Middleweight kickboxing champion, Tommy McCafferty (born in Letterkenny, Ireland) and the ISKA World Heavyweight and Cruiserweight champion, Daniel Quigley (born in Derry City, Northern Ireland).
Toland is himself a former three time "World" kickboxing champion.
Born in Killea, County Donegal, Ireland, Toland regularly trained in Derry. Due to the difficulty of finding sparring partners in Derry and Donegal, he found himself having to travel weekly to Waterford in order to keep in top shape for his upcoming fights.
Today, Toland runs his own gymnasium, PT's Kickboxing Gym in Carrigans, County Donegal. He has helped to develop the current ISKA European ladies Super Flyweight champion, Natalie McCarron, the current ISKA Commonwealth champion Aidan "Lights Out" Lafferty, as well as the two aforementioned World campions.

</doc>
<doc id="31151807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151807" title="Praprot">
Praprot

Praprot () is a small village southeast of Semič in southeast Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31151843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151843" title="Thai Union Group">
Thai Union Group

Thai Union Group, also known as Thai Union Frozen Products Public Company Limited (or the acronym TUF), is a Thailand based producer of various fish based food products.
For over 25 years, Thai Union Frozen Products PCL (TUF) has been bringing premium quality, safe, delicious and convenient seafood products to customers across the world. Today, TUF is regarded as the world’s largest producer of shelf-stable tuna products and is ranked among the largest seafood producers in the world, with annual sales exceeding USD 3.6 billion and a global workforce of over 32,000 people. 
TUF's brand portfolio includes well-known international brands Chicken of the Sea, John West, Petit Navire, Parmentier, Mareblu, and Century; as well as Thai-leading brands Sealect, Fisho and Bellotta. 
As a company committed to innovation and sustainability, TUF is proud to be a member of the United Nation Global Compact, and a founding member of the International Seafood Sustainability Foundation (ISSF). 
For further information, please visit the TUF website at http://www.thaiuniongroup.com/
Thailand’s largest canned-and frozen-seafood producer, it has processing plants in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the United States. Its 2010 purchase of MW Brands of France from Trilantic Capital Partners added plants in France, Portugal, the Seychelles and Ghana. Its fishing fleet consists of nine vessels, giving it a capacity of of whole round fish, making it the world’s largest canned-tuna producer.
Its brands include Chicken of the Sea and John West Foods.
History.
Thai Union Group was established on as Asian Pacific Thai Tuna Co, Ltd. with initial capital of BT฿25 million. In October the company was renamed to Thai Union Frozen Products Co, Ltd.
The company was listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand on .
In late 2010, Thai Union Frozen Products acquired MW Brands, the owner of John West from Trilantic Capital Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="31151854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151854" title="East baronets">
East baronets

There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname East, one in the Baronetage of Great Britain and one in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
The East Baronetcy of Hall Place, Maidenhead, Berkshire was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain for William East on 5 June 1766 who was High Sheriff of Berkshire the same year. The second baronet, Sir Gilbert East, was appointed High Sheriff of Berkshire in 1822.
The East Baronetcy of Calcutta was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom for Edward Hyde East on 25 April 1823. He was MP for Great Bedwyn (1792-1796) and Winchester (1823-1831). His son, the second baronet Sir James Buller East, was also MP for Winchester (1831-1832) and (1835-1864).
See also.
For the Clayton-East and Clayton-East-Clayton baronets of Marden Park, see Clayton baronets

</doc>
<doc id="31151859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151859" title="Euryale (disambiguation)">
Euryale (disambiguation)

Euryale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31151861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151861" title="Juazeiro do Norte Airport">
Juazeiro do Norte Airport

Orlando Bezerra de Menezes Airport is the airport serving Juazeiro do Norte, Brazil. It is named after a local politician and entrepreneur.
It is operated by Infraero.
History.
The airport has been operated by Infraero since 2002.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Juazeiro do Norte.

</doc>
<doc id="31151862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151862" title="Ypsolopha albiramella">
Ypsolopha albiramella

Ypsolopha albiramella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Italy, Croatia, Albania, Macedonia, Greece, Crete and Turkmenistan.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Ephedra distachya".

</doc>
<doc id="31151868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151868" title="Preloge, Semič">
Preloge, Semič

Preloge () is a small settlement in the hills northwest of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The Municipality of Semič is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31151881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151881" title="Herbert Andrewartha">
Herbert Andrewartha

Professor Herbert George Andrewartha, BS (UWA), MAgSc (Melb), DSc (Adel), FAA, (21 December 1907 – 27 January 1992) was a distinguished Australian research scientist in the fields of entomology, biology, zoology and animal ecology.
Biography.
Early years.
Andrewartha was born on 21 December 1907 in Perth, Western Australia to George and Elsie, the second of three children. His father was a teacher, and the family moved frequently from school to school in rural Western Australia.
Retirement and death.
Andrewartha retired in 1972. In 1975 he suffered a serious stroke, but continued writing his last book with Birch. He died on 27 January 1992 at the age of 84. He married Hattie Vevers Steele in Melbourne in 1934. His wife predeceased him: he was survived by his son Graeme and daughter Susan Dutch.

</doc>
<doc id="31151882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151882" title="Mamarchev Peak">
Mamarchev Peak

Mamarchev Peak (, ‘Mamarchev Vrah’ \ma-'mar-chev 'vr&h\) is the peak rising to 2500 m in the north part of Sullivan Heights in central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, and surmounting Pulpudeva Glacier to the west and Ellen Glacier to the north.
The peak is named after Georgi Mamarchev (1786-1846), leader of the Bulgarian liberation movement, in connection with the settlement of Mamarchevo in Southern Bulgaria.
Location.
Mamarchev Peak is located at , which is 2.37 km northwest of Mount Levack, 11.33 km east-northeast of Mount Bearskin, 11.08 km southeast of Mount Jumper and 5.28 km south of Roberts Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31151888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151888" title="SMS Prinz Adalbert">
SMS Prinz Adalbert

Three ships of the Imperial German Navy have been named SMS "Prinz Adalbert":

</doc>
<doc id="31151892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151892" title="Snowball (cocktail)">
Snowball (cocktail)

A Snowball is a mixture of advocaat and lemonade in approximately equal parts. It may have other ingredients, to taste.
It typically contains a squeeze of fresh lime juice, which is shaken with the advocaat before pouring into a glass and topping up with lemonade.
If not wanting to make fresh advocaat, which typically consists of 1 egg, 30 ml of simple syrup, and 60 ml of brandy, for the cocktail, then it may be substituted by using a commercial version. 
In the United Kingdom, it is often sold in both pubs and supermarkets during the winter in small bottles of approximately (known in the pub trade as "splits") and is usually drunk as a "winter warmer". 

</doc>
<doc id="31151894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151894" title="Ypsolopha blandella">
Ypsolopha blandella

Ypsolopha blandella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It has been recorded from the Amur Oblast in Russia, Estonia, Latvia, Spain, Japan, Korea and China.
The wingspan is 20–22 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31151900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151900" title="Annelyn Alba">
Annelyn Alba

Annelyn Alba (born November 5, 1986) is a badminton player and badminton trainer from Iloilo, Philippines.
Career.
2005 and 2008 Annelyn Alba won the senior title at the Yonex Sunrise Philippine National Open Badminton Championships. In 2005, she was also successful in the women's doubles together with Rina Batuigas. She still plays in Open Categories in different tournaments. In the 2011 Philippine Badminton Ranking System (PBaRS) she teamed up with Nikki Servando as her doubles partner. As a trainer she works with students and also with adults.

</doc>
<doc id="31151904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151904" title="Daniel Quigley">
Daniel Quigley

Daniel Quigley is a kickboxer from Derry, Northern Ireland. He is coached by the former three time world kickboxing champion Paddy Toland at PT's Kickboxing Gym in Carrigans, County Donegal and in Derry City.
Quigley is the current ISKA World Heavyweight & Cruiser-weight Kickboxing Champion. 2008-
He added the ISKA World Heavyweight title to his honours list by defeating Pacome Assi of France over 12 rounds in St. Columbs Hall, Derry City, Northern Ireland on 5 March 2011.
Quigley has appeared on RTÉ local television, appearing on the RTÉ "Nationwide" programme in 2009, following his World Cruiser-weight title win over England's Wayne Turner.
Quigley won the ISKA Professional World Super Heavyweight Kickboxing title in Derry City, Northern Ireland in March 2013. On 9 November 2013 he will fight in Derry for the ISKA World Super Cruiserweight OR title against Lucian Danilencu.

</doc>
<doc id="31151920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151920" title="Pribišje">
Pribišje

Pribišje (; ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Semič in Slovenia. The Municipality of Semič is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. The area is also part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. 

</doc>
<doc id="31151936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151936" title="Ypsolopha vittella">
Ypsolopha vittella

The Elm Autumn Moth ("Ypsolopha vittella") is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found from Europe through Siberia to Japan, including China, Asia Minor and Mideast Asia. The habitat consists of woodlands and copses.
The wingspan is 16–20 mm. It is a variable species, with some adults showing more blackish suffusion on the dorsal region. Adults are on wing from July to August. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on the leaves and flowers of "Ulmus" and "Fagus" species. They live in a slight silken web. Pupation takes place in a loose white cocoon on the trunk of the food plant or among plant debris on the ground. Other recorded foodplants include "Quercus", "Lonicera" and "Acer pseudosieboldianum".

</doc>
<doc id="31151946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151946" title="Edward Britton">
Edward Britton

Edward Britton (4 December 1909–3 January 2005) was a British trade union leader.
Britton studied at Bromley Grammar School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he edited the "Cambridge Review". On graduating, he was unemployed for six months. He found work as a teacher, and immediately joined the National Union of Teachers (NUT). He was exempted from military service during World War II due to his asthma. In 1951, he became head of Warlingham School in Surrey, then in 1956 became national president of the NUT.
In 1960 Britton was recruited as General Secretary of the Association of Teachers in Technical Institutes, during which time he worked with Reg Prentice to challenge the outcome of the Robbins Committee, and successfully lobbied for the opening of polytechnics. He resigned his post in 1969, in order to become General Secretary of the NUT, which he immediately convinced to affiliate to the Trades Union Congress. In 1974, he won a 30% pay increase for teachers. He retired in 1975, becoming a lecturer at the University of Sheffield, and also worked at Canterbury Christ Church College and served on Acas' central committee.

</doc>
<doc id="31151949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151949" title="C. K. Jain">
C. K. Jain

Shri C. K. Jain (born 3 May 1935) was a former Secretary-General of the 10th Lok Sabha and Lok Sabha Secretariat, Parliament of India (Lower House of Parliament of India) from 1 January 1992 to 31 May 1994.
Early life.
He was born at Etawah, Uttar Pradesh. He holds degrees of B.Com and LL.B. He practised law at Etawah District Court (1954–55) and later he joined Lok Sabha Secretariat (1955) and worked in various positions. He became Secretary General of Lok Sabha and Lok Sabha Secretariat in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="31151953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151953" title="Pugled, Semič">
Pugled, Semič

Pugled () is a small settlement near Semič in southeastern Slovenia. It lies in the White Carniola part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The Municipality of Semič is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
The name "Pugled" is derived from the Slovene word "pogled" 'bare hill with an open view' and referred to a landscape feature.

</doc>
<doc id="31151959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151959" title="Pulpudeva Glacier">
Pulpudeva Glacier

Pulpudeva Glacier (, ‘Lednik Pulpudeva’ \'led-nik pul-pu-'de-va\) is the 8.5 km long and 6 km wide glacier in Sullivan Heights, Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is draining the area northeast of Nebeska Peak, north of Johnson Col and northwest of Mount Farrell, flowing northwards west of Mount Levack, and (together with Crosswell and Patton Glaciers) joining Ellen Glacier northwest of Mamarchev Peak and southeast of Mount Jumper.
The glacier is named after the ancient Thracian town of Pulpudeva in Southern Bulgaria.
Location.
Pulpudeva Glacier is centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31151964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151964" title="Mithranandapuram Vamanamoorthy Temple">
Mithranandapuram Vamanamoorthy Temple

Mithranandapuram Vamanamoorthy Temple is a Hindu Temple situated in Cherpu of Thrissur District of Kerala, India. According to the legends, the idol worshiped here is more than 1,500 years old.
Story.
Mahabali, the king of the Daityas or Asuras, i.e., demons in the Treta Yuga, reached the zenith of power and fame. He owed his tremendous success and prosperity in life to his observance of an austere and virtuous lifestyle. He performed many ritual sacrifices or Yajna to consolidate his sway over the three worlds of the universe (Heaven, Earth and Underworld). Lord Vamana has blessed king Sri Mahabali on his request for three feet of mud; the mood of the deity in the temple is that of blessing the king Mahabali. Vishnu was immensely pleased with the goodness of Mahabali. He educated Bali about the demerits of pride and arrogance, which forbids man from optimum progress. He allowed Mahabali to take shelter in the Paradise of the sacred abode, where lived the pure Prahlada. MahaVishnu further blessed Mahabali, that he would be the ruler of the earth in the following age or Yuga. Those who sacrifice themselves in the lotus feet of the deity get his blessings.
Ownership.
The temple is owned by three uranmakkar: Alakkattu Mana, Pattachomarayath Mana and Akkarachittur Mana. The present administration of the temple is done by Sri. Krishnan Namboodiri, Kizhillath Mana, Perumbillissery on the strength of the authority given by the uranmakkar. The chief priest or Thanthri of the Temple is Nedumpilly Tharananellur Mana, Irinjalakuda. Lord Ganesha, Swamiyar (guru) and Lord Annapoorneswari are the other deities. 
Visiting.
One can get down at Perumbillissery Centre from the bus and walk less than 0.5 km west to reach the temple. Anybody in the centre can guide, as the temple is known to all. The temple is open from 5.30 AM to 10.30AM and 5.30 PM to 7.30 PM all days. This are subject to change on special days like Thiruvonam, Prathishta Dinam, Othukottu, lunar and solar eclipse days.
Othu Kottu festival.
The main festival of the temple is Sampoorna Yajurveda Yajna or Othu Kottu. Yajurveda Samhitha recital is one of the special prayers offered in the temple. Othu means Veda and Kottu means recitals. The whole text of Yajurveda is recited once in every three years by Yajurveda scholars from parts of Kerala. The Yajna is conducted by 10 Namboodiri families of the locality with co-operation of devotees.

</doc>
<doc id="31151966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151966" title="Thamesmead Housing Co-operative">
Thamesmead Housing Co-operative

The Thamesmead Housing Co-operative was a housing estate in Thamesmead, South East London in the London Borough of Greenwich. It was a purpose built housing cooperative and like others it was an experiment in building close-knit communities and as a way of helping single people and couples. 
It was dissolved in the 1990s and taken over by Hyde Housing Association (now The Hyde Group).
Co-operative.
Thamesmead Housing Co-operative was established to address the lack of housing for vulnerable single people in the area. Applicants to live on the CO-op were interviewed in order to establish their housing needs and also their ability to co-exist with others in shared houses. New tenants were required to purchase a £1 share in order to become a member of the co-operative, which entitled them to attend and vote in the annual general meeting, to elect or stand for the management committee, participate in the co-operative’s affairs and receive its services.
The co-operative consisted of an enclave of 40 flats and 20 shared houses in red brick. The flats were intended for couples but not families and the houses were shared by 4 - 6 people, some having a purpose build disabled unit attached. The buildings were laid out in five courtyards with addresses in Blyth Road and Slocum Close.
A hall and office were provided for purpose of holding meetings and managing the co-operative.
Transfer to Hyde Housing.
Difficulties in running the co-operative as a stand alone project led to the involvement of Hyde Housing Association which took over the management of the properties around 1990. Later it was established that the transfer process had not been correctly handled and the process was properly completed in the late 1990s. During the transition period the project ran under two names, the original Thamesmead Housing Co-Op and the ill fated Hyde Housing Version known as "Thamesmead Management Co-Op" at 29 Blyth Road, LONDON, SE28 8LJ, which was not recognized by the responsible Government body "The Housing Corporation" and caused the delay in formal transfer to Hyde Housing. Among the founder Members were Graham Simpson who later became the last Chair of the Original Co-Op,Paul Clewlow Treasurer and Dave O'Brien all who had lived on the scheme for a number of years. In its death throes the Co-Op was subject to a large number of fraudulent housing applications from Nigerian applicants who saw it as a source of cheap student accommodation rather than the having the common goal of the original ethos and as a result the ethnic make-up consisted of 96% African 3% British and 1% Asian This was wildly disproportionate and different to the local boroughs ethnicity and at that time made it stand out. Subsequently Thamesmead as a whole has been the favored residential starting point in the UK for most arriving West Africans to the extent that it is now known locally as "Little Lagos" 
The properties have continued as a shared housing scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="31151974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151974" title="English trunk">
English trunk

The so-called “English trunk” (Malle Anglaise) is made of wicker and was invented in France around 1870 by the Maison Moynat. Taking its inspiration from the type of wooden chests common in England at the time, originally intended to transport linen and bedding, but also used for pique-niques, the trunk was invented in France as a means of getting around obligatory weight restrictions for luggage.
Histoire.
This type of trunk first appeared around 1870. In some historical documents of the time it is referred to as a “basket” due to its wicker structure. Modeled on the style of English chests – which explains its more common name "the English trunk" – it is made up of a wicker frame covered first in leather then in a thick canvas making it waterproof. To ensure that it remained entirely waterproof, Moynat used a substance called Gutta-Percha to seal it.
The construction of this trunk called on the involvement of specialist basket-makers and leather craftsmen, who rarely worked together. The trunk was conceived as a solution for travellers who wished to get around the luggage restrictions in place on trains in France at the time. This extra light trunk (it weighed as little as 2kg) was seen as an alternative to the heavier items of luggage made of cardboard or leather and as a convenient way of avoiding excess baggage fines. Gradually the use of wicker and sealed canvas replaced the use of leather, and the invention of the trunk was such a success that in many countries around the world wicker trunks are still known today as Moynat trunks.

</doc>
<doc id="31151977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151977" title="Gesche Schünemann">
Gesche Schünemann

Gesche Schünemann (born 18 November 1982) is a German wheelchair basketball player and Paralympian who was part of the team that took the silver medal in the women's wheelchair basketball at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, and the gold medal winning team in wheelchair basketball at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
After a promising basketball career was cut short by an Anterior cruciate ligament injury when she was a teenager, Schünemann took up wheelchair basketball, playing her 
first game in 2000. She went on to win five national championships with RSV Lahn-Dill. She began training with the national team in November 2005, and made her international debut at the European championships in 2007.
Biography.
Gesche Schünemann was born in Gießen on 18 November 1982. She was a swimmer and basketball player. Playing in a seconds game against TSV Grünberg, she was knocked down by , resulting in a torn anterior cruciate ligament and cartilage damage. Several operations failed to restore her knee to a state where she could play professional basketball, although she is still able to walk.
This ended Schünemann's basketball career for a time. She moved to Tübingen, where she studied sports management with a focus on sports marketing at the University of Tübingen. In 2012, she worked full-time as a marketing consultant for an energy company. Schünemann, whose personal motto is "Never Give Up", did some coaching and played for the regional league, but her knee still bothered her and national league offers were cancelled.
Andreas Joneck, who later became the manager of RSV Lahn-Dill persuaded Schünemann to try wheelchair basketball. She began playing for the seconds on her 18th birthday. RSV Lahn-Dill went on to win the national championship in 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013, with Schünemann playing forward. In 2013, Schünemann moved to Hamburg, where her boyfriend Christian lives, and now plays forward-center for BG Baskets Hamburg, a mixed gender team. In April 2014, she was part of the BG Baskets Hamburg team that won the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation Euro League Challenge Cup, its first International title. 
In November 2005, Schünemann began training with the national team. She made her international debut at the European championships in 2007. The German national team won gold at the European championships, and went on to win it again in 2009 and 2011 before losing to the Netherlands in 2013. In September 2008, she participated in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, but Germany was beaten in the gold medal game by the team the United States, taking home Paralympic silver medals instead. After the Paralympics, the team's performance was considered impressive enough for it to be named the national "Team of the Year", and it received the Silver Laurel Leaf, Germany's highest sporting honour, from German President Horst Köhler.
The German team hoped for a rematch against the United States at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, but instead faced the team that had beaten the Americans, the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team. They defeated the Australians in front of a crowd of over 12,000 to win the gold medal, the first time that Germany had won in women's wheelchair basketball at the Paralympics since 1984. They were awarded a second Silver Laurel Leaf by President Joachim Gauck in November 2012, and were again named Team of the Year for 2012.
After the Paralympics, Schünemann was required to rest for three months after surgery to repair the damaged tendons of the little right finger, but returned for the European Championships in 2013, which Germany lost to the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="31151980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151980" title="List of Parliamentary Speakers in Asia in 1965">
List of Parliamentary Speakers in Asia in 1965

Parliamentary Speakers in Asia in 1965. This article contains a list of speakers of parliaments of both sovereign states, Pakistani provinces, the Asian Union Republics of the Soviet Union and British colonial territories.

</doc>
<doc id="31151996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151996" title="Rožni Dol">
Rožni Dol

Rožni Dol (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local church is dedicated to Mary Magdalene and belongs to the Parish of Semič. It was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1526, but was extensively rebuilt in the Baroque style in the mid 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31151997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151997" title="Ypsolopha sylvella">
Ypsolopha sylvella

Ypsolopha sylvella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in most of Europe.
The wingspan is 18–20 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on the leaves of "Quercus" species, but also on other deciduous trees such as "Corylus", "Carpinus betulus", "Betula" and "Myrica gale". They live in a slight silken spinning. Pupation takes place in a pale brown boat-shaped cocoon under a leaf, in a crevice in bark or among plant debris on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="31151998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31151998" title="Paracoccus marginatus">
Paracoccus marginatus

Paracoccus marginatus, commonly known as the papaya mealybug, is a small sap-sucking insect in the mealybug family, Pseudococcidae. It is found on a number of different hosts, including economically important tropical fruit trees and various ornamental plants.
Description.
The adult female has a yellowish segmented, flattened oval body about two millimetres long covered with mealy wax. There are a number of short waxy filaments projecting around the margin. The ovisac is well developed and visible underneath the posterior part of the body. Sometimes the wax looks like cotton wool and oozes drops of fluid. The adult male is pinkish and about one millimetre long, with well-developed wings each marked with a small basal vein. The antennae have eight segments in both sexes, a character which distinguishes this species from the hibiscus mealybug ("Maconellicoccus hirsutus").
Distribution.
This species is believed to be native to Belize, Costa Rica, Guatemala and Mexico. It has spread to certain Caribbean Islands, Hawaii and French Guiana, and also to parts of Southeast Asia, including India, Indonesia and Thailand. It was discovered in Bradenton, Florida, in the United States in 1998 feeding on hibiscus, and four years later it had been detected on eighteen different plant species in the state. It has since been found in Texas and California and it is likely to become more widely distributed on the Gulf Coast, and perhaps also in crops grown under glass further north in the United States.
It was recently noted in Réunion in the Indian Ocean.
Host plants.
The papaya mealybug feeds on over 55 plants in more than 25 genera. Economically important host plants include papaya, avocado, citrus, mango, cherry and pomegranate, as well as hibiscus, cotton, tomato, eggplant, peppers, beans, peas and sweet potato. The mango is more affected by the mango mealybug.
Biology.
The adult female deposits up to six hundred eggs into her ovisac over a period of one to two weeks. The eggs hatch ten days later and the crawlers, which resemble miniature versions of the adult female, disperse. There are four instars in the females and five in the males. The fifth instar male is a pupa in which the nymph undergoes metamorphosis into a winged adult.
Damage.
The papaya mealybug inserts its stylet into the epidermis of the leaf or the skin of fruit or stem and feeds on the plant sap. At the same time it injects a toxic substance into the plant which results in chlorosis, distortion, stunting, early leaf and fruit fall, the production of honeydew, sooty mould and possibly the death of the plant.
Biological control.
Natural enemies of the papaya mealybug include the mealybug destroyer ("Cryptolaemus montrouzieri"), other lady beetles, lacewings and hoverflies. The larvae of several species of parasitoid wasp in the family Encyrtidae attack the papaya mealybug in its native range.
In 1999, the USDA Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service and Agricultural Research Service collected and reared four species of wasp from Mexico in a biological pest control experiment. They introduced them into Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic and achieved a reduction of the papaya mealybug populations in both countries of over 95%. All four wasps were observed parasitising second and third instars of the papaya mealybug, and "Acerophagus papayae" was the dominant species. All four have since been mass-reared and released in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31152001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152001" title="An Introduction to Latin Syntax">
An Introduction to Latin Syntax

An Introduction to Latin Syntax was an influential Latin grammar by John Mair published in 1750 in Edinburgh, printed by T. and W. Ruddimans. It saw many subsequent editions, the 8th printed in 1813.
Appended to Mair's "Introduction" proper was Ancient history epitomized, subtitled 
"a short view of the principal transactions and events ... from the creation of the world, to the birth of Christ. Digested chronologically, and adapted to the method of the Introduction to Latin syntax, the English being in one column, and the Latin words in another. ..."
This text was also reprinted in James Davidson "easy and practical introduction to the knowledge of the Latin tongue" in 1798.
Mair's "Introduction" was cited by John Stuart Mill as evidence for his observation that "The only tolerable Latin grammars for school purposes that I know of, which had been produced in these islands until very lately, were written by Scotchmen" made in his "Inaugural Address Delivered to the University of St. Andrews".

</doc>
<doc id="31152016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152016" title="Paul Boadi">
Paul Boadi

Paul Boadi is a Black British music and entertainment agent and entrepreneur. He is the Joint CEO of NVA Holdings along with Chris Nathaniel. NVA Holdings has seven divisions specialising in different areas: NVA Entertainment Group, NVA Management, 2NV Records, 2NV Marketing and Promotions, Next generation TV and Film, and NVA Education. Since it was founded in 2004, Group companies have been involved in major projects for clients Rio Ferdinand, Coca Cola, Sony PlayStation, Usain Bolt, BlackBerry, John Terry, and Usher.
Career.
Boadi, who was born in London, began his business career in music at independent record label Washington Classics, which he helped expand in the Japanese market. Boadi then moved on to partner with Chris Nathaniel to found 2NV Records. The debut record from the label was T2’s ‘Heartbroken’, which rose to Number 2 in the UK national charts and has sold over 300,000 copies.
Boadi provided music supervision for the ITV series ‘Rio’s World Cup Windups’, where Manchester United Defender Rio Ferdinand played elaborate practical jokes on fellow footballers including David Beckham and Wayne Rooney. Boadi ensured that credible tracks were chosen to complement the look and feel of the production.
In November 2010, Boadi brought the sports and music sides of NVA together when the company was instructed by an anonymous rap mogul to find footballers to partner in a new music venture and approached Manchester City Forward Shaun Wright-Phillips and his teammate, Defender Joleon Lescott as the potential prospects.
Boadi is also intimately involved with NVA Education's youth activities, including a music education programme designed to educate children on the music industry for Croydon Council. Croydon approached NVA because the completion rate of their original course was unsatisfactory. NVA's reforms ensured that all the selected students succeeded in completing the full four week programme, which had never happened before.

</doc>
<doc id="31152025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152025" title="Bill Mitchell (economist)">
Bill Mitchell (economist)

William Francis "Bill" Mitchell is a professor of economics at the Charles Darwin University, Australia, and a notable proponent of Modern Monetary Theory. He had previously been with the University of Newcastle, New South Wales for twenty-three years.
Early life.
Mitchell was born to working class parents in Glen Huntly, Australia, in March 1952. The family moved to Ashwood, a new Housing Commission suburb in Melbourne, soon after. He attended Ashwood Primary School (1957–1963) and Ashwood High School (1964–1969).
Higher education.
Mitchell holds the following degrees: PhD in Economics, University of Newcastle, 1986; Bachelor of Commerce, Deakin University, 1977; and Master of Economics Monash University, 1982. He completed a Master's Preliminary at the University of Melbourne in 1978 (with first-class honours).
Economist.
Academic.
Mitchell moved to the Charles Darwin University, Australia in October 2012, after serving as the Research Professor in Economics at the University of Newcastle, New South Wales for a period of twenty-three years.
Activist.
Mitchell works to promote active government economic policies and the use of budget deficits as a tool for economic productivity. He is Director of the Centre of Full Employment and Equity (CofFEE), a non-profit, research organisation whose stated focus is on the policies that can restore full employment and achieve an economy that "delivers equitable outcomes for all".
CofFEE is a member of the Coalition of Economic Policy Institutions (EPIC), an "independent forum" promoting research and public discussion of issues related to macroeconomic and monetary policy.
Mitchell participates in various public and community activities, on issues of politics, economics and the environment. He is a regular editorialist and commentator on labour markets and relations in the national radio and press media of Australia.
Mitchell is active in the public opposition of neo-liberal economic theories and practices and disputes the "revisionism" of History ostensibly perpetrated by mainstream or conservative economists, especially in relation to the policies of the New Deal. He has often been called to appear as an expert witness in industrial matters in state and federal tribunals in Australia, as well as in various government enquiries. His work in childcare industrial cases in Victoria and New South Wales influenced the realignments in the relevant State and Federal Awards in that sector.
Author.
Mitchell is a prominent proponent of Modern Monetary Theory in macroeconomics.
He has written extensively in the fields of macroeconomics, econometrics and public policy. He has published widely in refereed academic journals and books and regularly gives conference presentations abroad.
"Full Employment Abandoned".
Mitchell's most widely known publication to date is "" (2008), co-written with Joan Muysken of Maastricht University. The authors trace the theoretical analysis of the nature and causes of unemployment over the last 150 years and argue that the shift from involuntary to so-called "natural rate" concepts of unemployment are behind an "ideological backlash" against state intervention as notably advocated, within the frame of the free economy, by Keynes in the 1930s. The authors further contend that unemployment is a reflection of systemic policy failures, rather than an "individual problem". They present a theoretical and empirical critique of the neo-liberal approach and suggest that the reinstatement of full employment, along with price stability, is a viable policy goal, achievable through an activist fiscal policy.
The notion of Job Guarantee is introduced, whereby the government would guarantee a job to every willing and able adult individual, paying a wage that would become society's minimum wage, and would be expression of the aspiration of the society of the lowest acceptable standard of living.
Musician.
Mitchell is an accomplished musician who has played guitar professionally in various bands over the years. Mitchell currently plays with Pressure Drop, a Melbourne-based reggae-dub band, originally popular in the 1970s and early 1980s. The band reformed in 2010. He also plays with the Newcastle-based swing blues band The Blues Box.
Mitchell often refers to the economics discipline, and especially the academia, in disparaging terms, stating, only half-jokingly, that his work as a musician does less damage to people. "I think my economics profession is very dangerous,” he says.
Personal life.
Mitchell is a "passionate" cyclist. He was an "active bike racer" when, in 1995, he founded the website CyclingNews.com, which was sold in 1999 to the Australian media company Knapp Communications. (It was subsequently bought in 2007 by Future plc.)

</doc>
<doc id="31152026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152026" title="2009 Nagoya Grampus season">
2009 Nagoya Grampus season

The 2009 Nagoya Grampus season is Nagoya Grampus's 17th season in the J. League Division 1 and 28th overall in the Japanese top flight. They competed in the 2009 J. League Cup, 2009 Emperor's Cup, and the 2009 AFC Champions League.
Squad.
name
Transfers.
Winter.
In:
Out:
Summer.
In:
Out:
Competitions.
J. League.
2009

</doc>
<doc id="31152034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152034" title="Ypsolopha trichonella">
Ypsolopha trichonella

Ypsolopha trichonella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Spain, Croatia, the northern Aegean Islands and Turkmenistan.
The larvae feed on "Ephedra" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31152063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152063" title="Bevil Granville">
Bevil Granville

Sir Bevil Grenville or Granville (died 1706) was an English soldier and governor of Barbados.
Grenville was the grandson of Sir Bevil Grenville, and the son of Bernard Grenville, M.P., and groom of the bedchamber to Charles II, by his wife Anne, daughter and sole heiress of Cuthbert Morley of Hornby, Yorkshire. After keeping his terms at Trinity College, Cambridge, he was created M.A. in 1679. He then obtained a commission in the regiment of foot nominally commanded by his uncle, John Grenville, Earl of Bath. From James II he received the honour of knighthood. He saw some service in the Low Countries. In December 1693 he came over from Flanders, waited on William III, with whom he seems to have been a favourite, and gave him an account of the state of that country.
In January of the following year he was gazetted to the colonelcy of the regiment of the Earl of Bath, on the latter's resignation, and joined it in Flanders. In June 1695, in consequence of a violent quarrel, he fought in Flanders a duel with Colonel the Marquis de Rada, who shortly afterwards died of his wounds. On 21 March 1695-6 he was appointed by the king Governor of Pendennis Castle in Cornwall. At the end of May he re-embarked for Flanders, where he got again into trouble, ‘being accused by several officers for illegal practices on his regiment.’ A court-martial, however, acquitted him. In June 1698 his regiment was ordered for Ireland . Grenville accepted in May 1702 the governorship of Barbadoes, with a salary of £2,000 a year, but did not sail for the colony until March 1703. He had scarcely settled, when he fell dangerously ill of a fever then epidemic in the island. Some of the planters complained to the privy council of his tyranny and extortion. After a full hearing, 20 July 1705, Grenville was ‘honourably acquitted;’ but it was deemed politic to recall him in the following year. He died at sea on his passage home in September or October 1706. He was unmarried. By his will, dated 16 Jan. 1701-2, and proved at London on 6 Nov.1706, he left his estate to his brother, George Granville or Grenville, later Lord Lansdowne. He wrote his name ‘Granville.’

</doc>
<doc id="31152065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152065" title="Ypsolopha semitessella">
Ypsolopha semitessella

Ypsolopha semitessella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Croatia and Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="31152085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152085" title="The Physician (1928 film)">
The Physician (1928 film)

The Physician is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Miles Mander, Elga Brink and Ian Hunter. The film is based on a play by Henry Arthur Jones. 
Plot.
A former alcoholic tries to lead a crusade against drink, but is himself repeatedly tempted by alcohol. 

</doc>
<doc id="31152096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152096" title="Vranya Pass">
Vranya Pass

Vranya Pass (, ‘Prohod Vranya’ \'pro-hod 'vra-nya\) is the ice-covered saddle of elevation 2100 m separating Sullivan Heights from Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. It is part of the glacial divide between Crosswell Glacier to the northwest and Hinkley Glacier to the east.
The saddle is named after the settlement of Vranya in Southwestern Bulgaria.
Location.
Vranya Pass is centred at , which is 10.9 km northeast of Mount Vinson, 8.51 km east of Mount Shinn, 1.74 km south of Mount Segers, 4.2 km north-northwest of Vanand Peak and 9.98 km west-northwest of Mount Waldron. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31152108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152108" title="Pärn">
Pärn

Pärn is a common surname in Estonia (meaning linden), and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31152115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152115" title="Social issues in Guatemala">
Social issues in Guatemala

Poverty reduction in Guatemala remains as one of the key challenges to be dealt with before a more balanced and socially inclusive economic growth could be achieved.
Poverty.
According to figures in 2006, 6.6 million people are still living under poverty and a third of this figure, or 2 million people, are struggling with extreme poverty.
Moreover, despite a fall in extreme poverty during the 1990s, Guatemala’s dependency on exports and susceptibility to global price shocks such as the world coffee crisis and natural disasters such as the Tropical Storm Stan in 2005 has led to a subsequent increase of the poverty rate in 2004 and falling again in 2005.
Notwithstanding a recent fall in the poverty rate, both external and natural events continue to exert great influence on poverty levels in Guatemala. Consequently, poverty alleviation work in tandem with risk management policies in Guatemala.
Poverty and income inequality.
Ranked with the second highest inequality rate in Latin America, (Gini coefficient of 0.55), many disparities exist between different economic sectors and income groups, reflecting a large rich-poor divide in Guatemala. Further data has shown that only 3.8 percent of the country’s total income is earned by the poorest 20 percent of the population, compared with the 60.6 percent earned by the richest 20 percent of the population 
Furthermore, income inequality in Guatemala is accentuated by regional differences, namely, 1) a large rural agrarian sector and 2) social exclusion.
Inequality and Agriculture.
Agriculture is one of the primary sectors in Guatemala (22.2 percent of GDP), producing principal cash crops such as coffee, sugars and bananas.Together with other non-agricultural products, they contribute towards 75 percent of export earnings. The agricultural sector employs about 39 percent of the national workforce, resulting in suppressed wages and low productivity. This provides some explanation for the rural-urban dichotomy in living standards.
This problem is made worse by subsistence agriculture, resulting in low productivity and value-addedness. As a result, meagre incomes push subsistence farmers into poverty Moreover, a denial of access to credit for vital agricultural investment has often led to farmers sinking into a vicious poverty cycle which continues through generations.
Sudden and unexpected events such as natural calamities and adverse climate conditions can also threaten agricultural harvests. It is not a matter of coincidence that the rural poor often comprised a large portion of populations living within these danger zones. Understandably, the rural poor are not able to gather sufficient resources to mitigate such emergencies, such as insurance against risk. Hence, the occurrence of such events would have recurring effects on rural dwellers, pushing them into greater poverty.
Inequality and social exclusion.
Poverty appears to be largely concentrated within the regional groupings in Guatemala. To illustrate, comparisons between urban, rural and indigenous, non-indigenous people have shown that the non-indigenous groups fare considerably better than their indigenous contemporaries, in both a rural and urban setting. For example, human development index data show that the Q’eqchi ethnic group in Guatemala has an HDI comparable on a similar level to the national average of Cameroon, which ranks 144th on global HDI rankings with a score of 0.0506(HDI). As a result of social exclusion, the Q’eqchi ethnic group’s HDI is relatively lower than the national average of 0.560. 
Furthermore, the 38 percent poverty rate experienced by the rural indigenous population is almost twice the national average of 21.9 percent and at least 20 percent greater than their urban contemporaries, highlighting a rural-urban divide in terms of development.
In sum, the deprivation of the rural poor from opportunities of personal growth and development is a reflection of their disadvantaged economic circumstances. While the urban sector has been reaping relatively higher economic growth, the rural poor have been marginalized, bypassed and socially excluded from full economic participation in the Guatemalan economy.
Foreign debt.
Lastly, coupled with a high foreign debt totaling $5,496 millions according to 2006 figures, the Guatemalan economy became even more depressed with this large sum of foreign debt obligation. This has been supported by various studies that pointed out how a large foreign debt could potentially deplete a country’s capital stock, thereby reducing much-needed investment opportunities vital for economic growth. However, the positive impact of economic growth on poverty reduction should be taken with a word of caution. While there is a positive GDP growth of 4.5 percent in that same fiscal year in Guatemala, it has done little to reduce poverty. With economic growth bearing no absolute causality on poverty reduction, there is a need for the social determinants of poverty to be looked into.

</doc>
<doc id="31152128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152128" title="William Gunn (writer)">
William Gunn (writer)

William Gunn (1750 – 1841), was an English clergyman and miscellaneous writer.
Life.
Gunn was born on 7 April 1750 at Guildford, Surrey, the son of Alexander Gunn of Irstead, Norfolk. He attended Fletcher's private school at Kingston-upon-Thames for six years. In 1784 he entered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, as a sizar. He took holy orders, in 1784 became rector of Sloley, Norfolk, and in 1786 obtained the consolidated livings of Barton Turf and Irstead. The latter he resigned in 1829 in favour of John Gunn upon receiving the vicarage of Gorleston, Suffolk.
In 1795 he obtained the degree of B.D. as a 'ten-year man'. During a residence in Rome he obtained permission to search the Vatican and other libraries for manuscripts relating to the history of England, and published anonymously, as the result of his research, in 1803, a collection of "Extracts" from sixteenth-century state papers. In the Vatican he discovered a tenth-century manuscript of the "Historia Brittonum", commonly ascribed to Nennius, which he printed in 1819 with an English version, facsimile of the original, notes, and illustrations (another edition of the translation only, with a few additions, was published by J. A. Giles in 1841). He died at Smallburgh, Norfolk, on 11 April 1841.

</doc>
<doc id="31152135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152135" title="Hassan Ali Effendi">
Hassan Ali Effendi

Hassan Ali Effendi ( ; b. 14 August 1830 - 20 August 1895) was an educationist in South Asia who is credited as the founder of one of the first Muslim schools in British India: the Sindh Madrasatul Islam (established in 1885), located in Karachi in modern-day Pakistan. Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan, became among the school's famous graduates. Other notable graduates of the school include Shahnawaz Bhutto, Abdullah Haroon, Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah and Allama I.I. Kazi.
Background.
Effendi belonged to a respectable family of Akhunds from Hyderabad, Sindh; he had Turkish ancestry.
While still very young, he lost his father and was brought up by his elder brother. As according to the tradition of the Akhund family, he was enrolled in a local madrassa to read and study the Qur'an and learn the basics of the Persian language.
Upon the completion of this traditional education, Ali found work as a clerk in the office of the Deputy Collector of Naushahro. One of his Christian colleagues there persuaded him to learn English, a language that was at the time avoided by Muslims in the Indian subcontinent. Nevertheless, he devoted all his leisure hours to the pursuit of learning English and soon acquired reasonable proficiency in reading, writing and speaking the language. 
Later, Effendi started to work for the Indus flotilla, a shipping company. In the mid-1860s, while he still worked for the company, a British judge from Karachi by the name of Middleton, happened to cross the Indus river by ferry, spending the night on the ferry boat in order to cross the following morning. Middleton found Hassan Ali Effendi reading an English book by the dim light of an oil lamp. Surprised to discover that the man was a Muslim, he was impressed enough to offer him a role as a translator in the District Court of Karachi on the magnificent salary of sixty rupees a month. Hassan Ali Effendi accepted the offer and moved to Karachi to assume his new responsibilities. Impressed by his performance, Judge Middleton allowed him to practice law before the court without passing any formal degree in law. This was the turning point in Hassan Ali Effendi's life. At that time, there was not a single Muslim advocate apart from him in the entire province; the lawyers tended to be either English or Hindus. Soon he was appointed as the Public Prosecutor, the first non-European in Sindh to be in charge of that post, which he would retain for 14 years.
His family includes Wajid Shamsul Hasan High Commissioner of Pakistan to the United Kingdom and the President of Pakistan, Asif Ali Zardari, is Effendi's great grandson through his mother's family.
Sindh Madrasatul Islam.
Effendi began to take an interest in the welfare of the Muslim population in Sindh, and especially the spread of education in communities. Much of his drive was influenced by the Indian Muslim educationist Syed Ahmed Khan, founder of the Muhammedan Anglo-Oriental College. Wishing to replicate his efforts, Effendi even travelled to Aligarh (present-day India) where he sought guidance from Syed. It was here that he also happened to meet the British principal of the college, Theodore Beck.

</doc>
<doc id="31152143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152143" title="Mänd">
Mänd

Mänd is a common surname in Estonia (meaning pine), and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31152154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152154" title="Ypsolopha chazariella">
Ypsolopha chazariella

Ypsolopha chazariella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Latvia, Lithuania, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania and France. It has also been recorded from Finland, and it is thought that it was introduced to northern Europe with its food plant, which is a common decorative plant in Europe.
The larvae feed on "Acer tatarica". Larvae can be found from late May to the middle of June.

</doc>
<doc id="31152160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152160" title="Christofer Malmström">
Christofer Malmström

Erik Einar Christofer Malmström is a Swedish lead guitarist and founder of the band Darkane. He also plays the guitar in Non-Human Level. He used to play in Zaninez and Demise.

</doc>
<doc id="31152161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152161" title="Octavius Radcliffe">
Octavius Radcliffe

Octavius Goldney Radcliffe, born at North Newnton, Wiltshire on 20 October 1859 and died on 13 April 1940, played first-class cricket for Somerset and Gloucestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="31152165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152165" title="Agger Valley Railway">
Agger Valley Railway

Agger Valley Railway ("Aggertalbahn") is the established name of two railway lines in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia:

</doc>
<doc id="31152193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152193" title="Miss Asia Pacific 1968">
Miss Asia Pacific 1968

Miss Asia Pacific 1968 is the first edition of Miss Asia Pacific International. This events was held in December 8 in Quezon City, Philippines with a participation from 14 countries. Macy Shih of Republic of China was crowned as Miss Asia Pacific 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="31152195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152195" title="Beat Feuz">
Beat Feuz

Beat Feuz (, born February 11, 1987) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Switzerland.
Racing career.
Born in Schangnau in the canton of Bern, Feuz made his World Cup debut in December 2006, but missed all of the 2008 and 2009 seasons due to torn ligaments in his left knee. He secured his first two World Cup podia at the end of the 2011 season, both in downhill races at Kvitfjell, Norway, in March. His first podium was a victory, and he backed it up with another podium the following day.
At his first World Championships in 2011, Feuz finished 9th in the Downhill in Garmisch, Germany. He also competed in the Super Combined, where he finished 2nd in the Downhill portion, but skied out of the Slalom course with just a few gates to go. He also competed in the team event for Switzerland, which lost to Sweden in the quarterfinals.
2012.
Feuz carried this positive momentum into the start of the 2012 season, with four podia by mid-December. He placed second in the first downhill of the season at Lake Louise, 0.06 seconds behind Swiss teammate Didier Cuche. Feuz posted two podia in Beaver Creek and then won his second World Cup event and his first in Super G on December 16 at Val Gardena (Gröden), Italy. Just miles from his hometown, he placed second in the Super Combined at Wengen in January, and won the classic Lauberhorn downhill the next day. In February he won the pre-Olympic downhill in Russia at Rosa Khutor, the alpine racing venue for the 2014 Winter Olympics. A breakout season for Feuz, he won four races and had a total of 13 podiums. He finished second in the overall World Cup standings, second in the downhill, second in combined, and third in Super G.
Out for 2013.
Feuz changed equipment from Salomon to Head after the 2012 season, but it was later revealed that he was suffering from inflammation and bleeding in his left knee, and would miss the whole 2013 season. The knee was re-injured at the pre-Olympic races in Russia in February 2012, and was operated on after the season in March for bone fragments. He re-aggravated it during training in Argentina in August and was sent home for evaluation. Feuz hopes to return in time for the 2014 season, and the 2014 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31152227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152227" title="Vanand Peak">
Vanand Peak

Vanand Peak (, ‘Vrah Vanand’ \'vr&h va-'nand\) is the sharp peak rising to 3100 m in Zinsmeister Ridge on the northeast side of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica, and surmounting Dater Glacier to the east and its tributary Hinkley Glacier to the northwest.
The peak is named after the Bulgar principality of Vanand in Old Armenia.
Location.
Vanand Peak is located at , which is 8.8 km northeast of Mount Vinson, 9.61 km east by south of Mount Shinn, 5.89 km south by east of Mount Segers, 1.66 km southwest of Toros Peak and 8.73 km west-southwest of Mount Waldron. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31152271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152271" title="Toros Peak">
Toros Peak

Toros Peak (, ‘Vrah Toros’ \'vr&h to-'ros\) is the rocky twin summit peak rising to 3000 m in Zinsmeister Ridge on the northeast side of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica, and surmounting Dater Glacier to the east and its tributary Hinkley Glacier to the northwest.
The peak is named after the settlement of Toros in Northern Bulgaria.
Location.
Toros Peak is located at , which is 1.66 km northeast of Vanand Peak, 5.16 km south-southeast of Mount Segers and 7.38 km west of Mount Waldron. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31152285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152285" title="Beijnes">
Beijnes

Beijnes (1838 – 1963) is a defunct Haarlem manufacturer of carriages, buses, trains, and trams. It was closely associated with the Hollandsche IJzeren Spoorweg-Maatschappij (HIJSM)
History.
J.J. Beijnes the elder opened a horse carriage shop (wagenmaker) behind the St. Bavochurch on the Riviervischmarkt in Haarlem in 1938. The painter and writer Jacobus van Looy described such a horse buggy servicing shop in detail in his autobiographical description of his early apprenticeships to a local typesetter and a local carriage shop owner in "Jaap", 1923. The increasing amount of ironwork needed for wagons of all types resulted in J.J. Beijnes merging his business with his brother A.J., a local smith, whose workshop was located at Grote Houtstraat 126 across from the Cornelissteeg in Haarlem.
Train.
The first train line constructed in the Netherlands was a line following the straight route of the Haarlemmertrekvaart canal, connecting Amsterdam with Haarlem, which opened on 20 September 1839. To service the trains on the rails, the HIJSM had British engineers come over along with the locomotives they built. Beijnes was eager to obtain a contract, and it wasn't until 1855 that the services of the "Fabriek van Rijtuigen en Spoorwagens J.J. Beijnes" managed to win a commission for four charabancs. They were helped along by the local patrons J. Borski and J. Gerken, who both happened to be in the board of directors of the young HIJSM. 
After their initial order, the Beijnes company grew so fast, that in 1858 the first stone was laid in the new location at the stationsplein across from the Haarlem railway station. In 1870 the King William III added the predicate "Royal" to the company's name and it became "Koninklijke Fabriek van Rijtuigen en Spoorwagens J.J. Beijnes". In 1891, the HSM, aided by the social activist Daniel de Clercq, began the Haarlem society called De Ambachtsschool to unify various city efforts to start a vocational school in Haarlem, in order to satisfy their need for skilled workers in the booming train carriage business. In 1896 the "twin hall" was built to service more train compartments simultaneously, and in 1914 the "Staalhal" was built on the Verspronckweg.
Electric Train.
In 1922 the first experiments were made with electric trains. Beijnes won a commission for a model called the Mat.'24. They were called "blokkendozen" for their similarity to a child's building blocks and became a success for years. Their speed was 100 kilometers per hour and over 98 of them were built, with the last one going out of service in 1959. After this initial success, Beijnes was again allowed to innovate with the diesel-electric train in 1933, called the DE-3, which could reach a speed of 125 kilometers per hour and was designed for international service. From 1935, 91 of the streamlined models Mat.'35, Mat.'36, Mat.'40, and Mat.'46 were built. In 1939 the Dutch railways celebrated their 100 year anniversary with two postage stamps, one representing the first locomotive ("Arend"), and the other the Beijnes-built Mat.’36.
World War II.
The company's history during World War II is a sad tale of ever increasing economic distress. The war put an end to international travel (aside from what the German occupying forces desired) and the DE line including the new DE 5, which was designed in 1942-1944 together with Werkspoor in Utrecht and Allan in Rotterdam, could not be exploited. Together with other hardships of war, including the hunger winter, the company declined.
After the war, the company moved the entire factory in 1950 to Beverwijk, where the company had its own train station for workers. It managed to recover somewhat from the damages of war and with the introduction of the new model ELD 4 in 1956 (called the "hondekop" because the nose looked like the head of a dog), the company was able to see some successful years, though the decline had already set in. In 1959 the company was taken over by Verenigde Machine Fabrieken (VMF) and in 1963 the factory closed after the last model DE 140 was delivered.

</doc>
<doc id="31152286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152286" title="Elga Brink">
Elga Brink

Elga Brink (1905–1985) was a German film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="31152302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152302" title="Miss Asia Pacific 1969">
Miss Asia Pacific 1969

Miss Asia Pacific 1969 was the second edition of Miss Asia Pacific International. This events was held in July 25 in Quezon City, Philippines with a participation from 14 countries. Seo Won-kyoung of Korea crowned as Miss Asia Pacific 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31152303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152303" title="Lentorbis">
Lentorbis

Lentorbis is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
All species within family Planorbidae have sinistral shells.
Distribution.
This genus is lives in Africa.
Species.
Species within this genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="31152307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152307" title="Shinn Covered Bridge">
Shinn Covered Bridge

The Shinn Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located in the countryside northeast of Bartlett in Washington County, this single-span truss bridge was built in 1886 by local carpenter Charles T. Shinn. Built of weatherboarded walls with stone abutments and a metal roof, the bridge features vertical siding, and its portals have remained vertical and resisted creeping into another shape. The heart of the bridge's structure employs the Burr Truss design, which mixes the king post truss with a wooden arch designed by Andrea Palladio in the sixteenth century. Shinn built his bridge to span the western branch of Wolf Creek in Palmer Township. Measuring in length, the bridge was constructed soon after the drowning of one of Shinn's children.
In 1976, the Shinn Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It qualified for inclusion on the Register because of its important historic architecture and its place in the history of Ohio, for it is one of the last few examples of Burr king post arch truss bridges still standing in the state.

</doc>
<doc id="31152315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152315" title="Miguel Abensour">
Miguel Abensour

Miguel Abensour (born 1939) is a French philosopher specializing in political philosophy. He is also an emeritus professor of political philosophy at the Paris Diderot University (Jussieu) and a former president of the Collège international de philosophie.
Research and works.
Abensour has written for the revues "Textures", "Libre", and "Tumultes". Director of the collection "Critique de la politique" (published by Payot & Rivages) since 1974, he was notable in contributing to the reception of the Frankfurt School in France. In his works and numerous articles, he has sought to reconcile democracy, understood as "democracy against the state", with the idea of utopia, conceived from Emmanuel Levinas's criticism of Martin Buber's idea of interpersonal relations: the I and Thou relationship opposed to the I and It.
He has also published numerous articles on Emmanuel Levinas, Claude Lefort, Saint-Just, utopian socialism (Pierre Leroux, William Morris), Blanqui, and members of the Frankfurt School.
An anthology and critique of his works was published in 2006 by Sens & Tonka, "Critique de la politique. Autour de Miguel Abensour", edited by Anne Kupiec and Étienne Tassin.

</doc>
<doc id="31152331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152331" title="Burmese general election, 1974">
Burmese general election, 1974

General elections were held in Burma between 27 January and 10 February 1974. They were the first under the new constitution approved in a referendum the previous year. This had made the country a one-party state with the Burma Socialist Programme Party as the sole legal party. It therefore won all 451 seats in Parliament. Voter turnout was reported to be 94.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="31152333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152333" title="Almost a Honeymoon">
Almost a Honeymoon

Almost a Honeymoon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31152338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152338" title="Fundacion Arcoiris (Rainbow Foundation) (NGO)">
Fundacion Arcoiris (Rainbow Foundation) (NGO)

Fundacion Arcoiris (Rainbow Foundation) (NGO) is a Catholic NGO (founded by German priest Jose Maria Neuenhofer in 1994) based in La Paz that fights against the discrimination, marginalization and lack of opportunity that thousands of young people suffer. They focus specifically on orphans, children of the incarcerated, victims of domestic violence, and those who live or work in the streets of La Paz. At present, the Foundation has 8 centers plus a hospital.
Mission.
Their mission has three major points: They seek to provide essential support, including food, shelter, medical care, clothing, tutoring and professional training, social support, mental health counseling and legal help. Secondly, they aim to create processes that support stability and self-esteem of each client and foster the independence of each child. Finally, they aim to eradicate the structural causes that produce marginalization, lack of opportunities, ignorance, indifference and the crisis of values. In addressing these needs, they seek to focus on responding to expressed needs instead of constructing a program that imposes a structure on each individual.
Vision.
Their vision is that every person regardless of age, race, social condition or gender, by virtue of their dignity is able to be for him/herself a responsible agent of their own well-being, moral progress, and spiritual development.
Arco Iris Projects.
Project Betaña.
Gran Betaña is one of the poorest neighborhood of La Paz. Arco Iris started Project “Betaña” in 1996, helping more than 200 youngsters each year (from 6 to 14 years old) through educational classrooms, school supplies, dining rooms, sports and medical assistance. There are 10 full-time teachers. The children that go to public school in the morning go to the Center after classes, have lunch, spend the afternoon at the Center and go to their homes in the evening. Other groups go to the Center in the morning and after having lunch they go to school in the afternoon. The Center also has a nursery where about 50 younger children get food, medical attention and learning assistance.
Casa de Paso.
The “Caso de Paso” (Pass through House) works in two areas. One group of professionals makes daily visits to the places where homeless children live (in parks, under bridges, cemeteries, etc.) to provide social help (medical, clothing, blankets, food, etc.), recreational and sport activities, and psychological and educational assistance. The “House of Improvement” takes children that leave their life in the streets and helps them to achieve social reintegration. Some of these children are reintegrated into their own families and others are moved to the “Casa Esperanza” or “Obrajes Girls Homes.” The project helps approximately 400 children each year.

</doc>
<doc id="31152347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152347" title="Poverty in Sri Lanka">
Poverty in Sri Lanka

Poverty in Sri Lanka continues to be a growing problem despite Sri Lanka being an exceptional country with its life expectancy, literacy rate and other social indicators nearly on par with those of developed countries, and even topping the rankings for the South Asia region. While all these indicate that Sri Lanka should be experiencing a high standard of living, until recently it has only ranked in the medium category of the Human Development Index (HDI). This is despite the fact that Sri Lanka has been experiencing moderate growth in its GDP averaging 5.5% per annum between 2006 and 2009. One of the reasons is due to its relatively low GDP per capita; currently ranked in the bottom one third of the world. This could be due to the issue of poverty, specifically, rural poverty. 
Population.
According to the World Bank, 42% of Sri Lanka’s population live on under US$2 a day in 2005 compared with 6% living under US$1 a day. This is evidence that while acute poverty is no longer an issue, poverty still remains widespread and continues to be a challenging problem in Sri Lanka. More worryingly however is the fact that 90% of the poor live in rural areas, with over 80% of Sri Lanka’s population still living in rural areas.But in 2013 it has showed that the economy is growing more rapidly than any other Asian country
This highlights a link between isolation from social and economic infrastructure, cities and markets, and higher levels of poverty incidence. One explanation could be that it limits these people from earning income through off-farm activities. In addition, with more than 40 per cent of the rural poor people being small farmers, their production systems may be hampered by the usual suspects of fragmented landholdings, poor economies of scale, low investment levels resulting from poor financial services as well as inappropriate or limited technology.
Development.
In 2008, it was reported that tens of thousands of men from impoverished villages were joining the Sri Lanka Armed Forces and Sri Lanka Police Service to escape rural poverty, as the wages offered by the security services significantly raise the standard of living for soldiers and their families.
In order to reduce rural poverty (and thus poverty as a whole), rural development in terms of infrastructure is important. The need for a better road network and transport system to link up the rural areas as well as better credit facilities to aid in the investments of new technology and farming techniques are just a start in ensuring that the rural poor are not left behind.
While it is identified that development in the rural areas is crucial for poverty alleviation, the government cannot possibly channel unlimited funds into development plans without constraints, disregarding potential developments in urban areas, or more importantly, not considering the state of its overall economy. Therefore, the Sri Lankan government faces a dilemma of pursuing growth that is equitable; trying to promote economic growth without leaving the poor in the rural area behind.
Apart from government policies, Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs)can help ease the situation too. One of them is Sarvodaya.
Sarvodaya is Sri Lanka’s largest NGO, which includes many other divisional units dedicated for different development projects. Sarvodaya Economic Empowerment Development Services (SEEDS) began its operation as a separate division in 1986 and now reaches 18 of Sri Lanka’s 25 districts. SEEDS is responsible for building the economic capacity of the poorest groups within the communities. Its aim is to stimulate an attitude of entrepreneurship, innovation, thrift and sustainable development in the rural areas.
Although SEEDS does not directly deal with the lack of physical infrastructure in rural areas, i.e. development plans in building roads, bridges, etc., it has helped people in rural areas to be financially independent and improved livelihood, which in turn helps reduce rural poverty. It hopes that through their aid, villages can become self govern and capable of serving their community’s economics and social needs.,
SEEDS provides saving and credit services for starting a small enterprise or to improve livelihood as well as non-financial services such as business counselling, training in technical skills and market information. It adopts the village banking microfinance model to help the rural communities. Village banking treats the whole community as one unit, and establishes semi-formal or formal institutions through which micro-finance is dispensed. The banks are run by their own people: they choose their members, elect their own officers, establish their own by-laws, distribute loans to individuals, and collect payments and savings. Their loans are backed, not by goods or property, but by moral collateral: the promise that the group stands behind each individual loan. Therefore, this is a means of ensuring that each individual will be disciplined in saving up to repay their own loans. 86% of SEEDS beneficiaries actually had functioning micro enterprises. Statistics have shown that 51% of SEEDS beneficiaries showed increased revenues while 73% of them showed increased profits.
There are 1,129,344 members in these village banks, out of which 60% of the members are females. This in itself has empowered women as they are no longer dependent on others for their capital needs. They have more bargaining power within the households and thus need not feel as insecure as before. Secondly, they have a guaranteed and sure access to capital thus removing uncertainty and permitting a confident basis to stay in business and even expand. This is a major empowerment both socially and economically of these women, as this micro-finance model not only raise their level of productivity but also allow women to contribute to family income, leading to an overall reduction in poverty levels in the rural areas.
Other than financial services, SEEDS has been able to integrate spiritual revival, social change and economic development. It has helped restore a person’s sense of pride and self-esteem, as well as that of the village community. The earlier feeling of humiliation and of powerlessness vanishes with the collective sense that is generated.

</doc>
<doc id="31152357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152357" title="Almost a Honeymoon (1930 film)">
Almost a Honeymoon (1930 film)

Almost a Honeymoon is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Clifford Mollison, Dodo Watts and Donald Calthrop. It was based on the play "Almost a Honeymoon" by Walter Ellis. A second adaptation was made in 1938. It was made by British International Pictures at their Elstree Studios. An ambitious young man secures a job in the colonial service, the only stipulation being that he needs to be married which he isn't. He has just twenty four hours to find a woman to persuade to marry him.

</doc>
<doc id="31152358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152358" title="2004 al-Qamishli riots">
2004 al-Qamishli riots

The 2004 Qamishli uprising refers to the uprising by Syrian Kurds in the northeastern city of Qamishli in March 2004. The Kurds are the world's largest ethnic group still remaining without a country. The riots started during a chaotic football match, when some fans of the guest team (Arabs) started raising pictures of Saddam Hussein, an action that angered the fans of the host team (the Kurds). Both groups began throwing stones at each other, which soon developed to a political conflict as the Arab group raised pictures of Saddam Hussein while the Kurdish group raised the Flag of Kurdistan. The Ba'ath Party local office was burned down by Kurdish demonstrators, leading to the security forces reacting. The Syrian army responded quickly, deploying thousands of troops backed by tanks and helicopters, and launching a crack-down. Events climaxed when Kurds in Qamishli toppled a statue of Hafez al-Assad. At least 30 Kurds were killed as the security services re-took the city. As a result of the crackdown, thousands of Syrian Kurds fled to Iraqi Kurdistan.
Background.
Qamishli is the largest town in Al-Hasakah Governorate and is located in northeast Syria. It is regarded as the Kurds and Assyrian community capital. It is also the center of the Syrian Kurdish struggle, especially in the recent years.
The reason why the Kurds were so upset over pictures showing Saddam Hussein was because Saddam Hussein, 5th president of Iraq, had targeted the Kurds for a longer period of time. The two dominant ethnicities in Iraq for a longer period of time has been the Arabs in the south and central Iraq, whilst the Kurds in the north and north-east Iraq. Hussein long viewed the Kurds as a long-time threat to Iraq’s survival, making the hatred and dismissal towards the Kurds one of his highest priorities.
Along with Hussein hating them, the Kurds also felt opposition from the Syrian government because of past events, the most important one happening in 1962. In 1962 the government took a census and left out thousands of Kurds. This left them and their children without citizenship and denied them the right to obtain government jobs or to own property. This disregarded minority now consists of hundreds of thousands of Kurds, who now carry red identification cards that identify them as “foreigner.” Another move the government made which has fueled tensions was resettling thousands of Arabs from other parts of the country into along the border in Iran, Iraq and Turkey. They did this in order to build a buffer between Kurdish areas, which has furthered the hatred between the Kurds and Arabs.
After the violence, President Bashar al-Assad visited the region and called for a "national unity". Through this he allegedly hoped to cool tempers and supposedly pardoned 312 Kurds who were accused of participating in the massacre.
The United States has for a longer period of time recognized Iraqi Kurdistan diplomatically which has led the Americans to invite the current Kurdish leader of Iraqi Kurdistan, Masoud Barzani, to the White House and a meeting in Baghdad when the American president was in town. The visit from United States Vice President, Joe Biden, to the fourth largest city in Iraq, Erbil, also known as the Iraqi Kurdistan capital, helped strengthen their ally with them. The United States started Operation Comfort and Operation Comfort II in an alleged attempt to defend Kurds fleeing their homes in Northern Iraq as a result of the Iraqi Gulf War. Iraqi Kurdistan and the United States has been allies for a longer period of time dating back to 1919 when the US supposedly successfully pushed for an independent country for the Kurds. Masoud Barzani is the current president of the Iraqi Kurdistan region and leader of the Kurdistan Democratic party. Jalal Talabani is the sixth and current president of Iraq, a leading Kurdish politician. He is the first non-Arab president of Iraq. The protest occurred in 2004 and Jalal Talabani was elected president in 2005. 
The United States and Iraqi Kurdistan has not always been allies. The use of chemical weapons during the massacre by the Iraqi Government to Kurdish civilians in 1988; United States and United Nations chose to ignore it. When Saddam ordered the Republican Guards to conquer Erbil in 1996, the U.S, air force nothing to stop it.
2004 events.
On 12 March 2004, a football match in Qamishli between a local Kurdish team and a Sunni Arab team from Deir ez-Zor in Syria's southeast sparked violent clashes between fans of the opposing sides which spilled into the streets of the city. The fans of the Arab team reportedly rode about town in a bus, insulting the Iraqi Kurdish leaders Massoud Barzani and Jalal Talabani and brandishing portraits of deposed Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein, whose infamous Al-Anfal Campaign killed an estimated 182,000 Kurdish civilians in Iraq. In response, Kurdish fans supposedly proclaimed "We will sacrifice our lives for Bush", referring to US President George W. Bush, who invaded Iraq in 2003, deposing Saddam and triggering a bloody conflict that would drag on for years and claim hundreds of thousands of lives. Tensions between the groups came to a head, and the Deir ez-Zor Arab fans attacked the Kurdish fans with sticks, stones, and knives. Government security forces brought in to quell the riot fired into the crowd, killing six people, including three children—all of them were Kurds.
The Ba'ath Party local office was burned down by the demonstrators, leading to the security forces reacting and killing more than 15 of the rioters and wound more than 100. Officials in Qamishli alleged that some Kurdish parties were collaborating with "foreign forces" to supposedly annex some villages in the area to northern Iraq. Events climaxed when Kurds in Qamishli toppled a statue of Hafez al-Assad. The Syrian army responded quickly, deploying thousands of troops backed by tanks and helicopters. At least 30 Kurds were killed as the security services re-took the city.
Aftermath.
Moqebleh (Moquoble) refugee camp.
After the 2004 events in Qamishli, thousands of Kurds fled to the Kurdish Region of Iraq. Local authorities there, the UNHCR and other UN agencies established the Moqebleh camp at a former Army base near Dohuk.
Several years later the KRG moved all refugees, who arrived before 2005, to housing in a second camp, known as "Qamishli". The camp consists of a modest housing development with dozens of concrete block houses and a mosque.
The original camp at the former Army citadel now contains about 300 people. Many of the homes are made of cement blocks, covered with plastic tarpaulins. Latrines and showers are in separate buildings down the street. Authorities provide electricity, water trucks and food rations.
Kurds can leave the camp to work. As supposed refugees they can’t get government jobs, but are able work in the private sector, often as construction workers or drivers. The Kurds seem likely not to return to Syria until political conditions change.
2005 demonstrations.
In June 2005, thousands of Kurds demonstrated in Qamishli to protest the assassination of Sheikh Khaznawi, a Kurdish cleric in Syria, resulting in the death of one policeman and injury to four Kurds. In March 2008, according to Human Rights Watch, Syrian security forces opened fire at Kurds who were celebrating the spring festival of Nowruz. The shooting killed three people.
2011 protests in Qamishli.
With the eruption of the Syrian Civil War, the city of Qamishli became one of the protest arenas. On 12 March 2011, thousands of Syrian Kurds in Qamishli and al-Hasakah protested on the day of the Kurdish martyr, an annual event since 2004 al-Qamishli protests.
2012 rebellion.
In 2012, armed elements among the Kurds launched Syrian Kurdish rebellion in north and north-western Syria, aiming against Syrian government forces. In the second half of 2012, the rebellion also resulted in clashes between Kurdish soldiers and the militants of the Free Syrian Army, both striving towards control of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="31152369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152369" title="Norse Federation">
Norse Federation

The Norse Federation () is a Norwegian non-profit organization that was founded it 1907, and is under the patronage of the monarch of Norway, currently King Harald. The organization states that its purpose is to "unit friends of Norway throughout the world". , the organization has approximately 3500 members. It publishes a periodical which is named "The Norseman".

</doc>
<doc id="31152373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152373" title="Phowintaung">
Phowintaung

Phowintaung ( , also spelt as Hpowindaung, Powintaung, Po Win Taung) is a Buddhist cave complex located approximately 25 kilometers west of Monywa and 10 kilometers southeast of Yinmabin, in Yinmabin Township, Monywa District, Sagaing Region, Northern Burma (Myanmar). It is located on the western bank of the Chindwin River. The name of the complex means "Mountain of Isolated Solitary Meditation".
The complex contains 947 small and large richly decorated caves. It is carved into a sandstone outcrop and contains numerous carved Buddha statues and mural paintings of geometric patterns and Jataka stories. The statues and paintings have been dated to between the 14th and 18th centuries.
Accessibility.
It is accessible from Monywa either by direct road over the new bridge or by a ferry across the Chindwin and then taking a jeep at the scenic Nyaungbin village.

</doc>
<doc id="31152374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152374" title="Ypsolopha coriacella">
Ypsolopha coriacella

Ypsolopha coriacella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Germany, Poland, Austria, Switzerland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Russia.
The larvae feed on "Abies" species. However, the species occurs in the regions with nowadays' absence of the fir, as well. For instance, it has been found just a little to the north-west of Yaroslavl, some 150 km westwards from the most extreme western distribution edge of the fir.

</doc>
<doc id="31152390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152390" title="Lentorbis carringtoni">
Lentorbis carringtoni

Lentorbis carringtoni is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
Distribution.
Distribution of "Lentorbis carringtoni" include Malawi, Mozambique and South Africa.
Description.
All species within family Planorbidae have sinistral shells.

</doc>
<doc id="31152392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152392" title="Dodo Watts">
Dodo Watts

Dodo Watts (1910–1990) was a British film actress. Her birth name was Dorothy Margaret Watts.

</doc>
<doc id="31152396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152396" title="Hayato Suzuki">
Hayato Suzuki

Hayato Suzuki (born May 13, 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31152440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152440" title="Taipei Exchanges">
Taipei Exchanges

Taipei Exchanges () is a 2010 Taiwanese comedy film directed by Hsiao Ya-chuan and starring Gwei Lun-mei.
Plot.
Doris always wanted to have her own coffee-house. With the help of her sister, Joise, she opened "Doris's Cafe". After the first day of business, however, there are few customers for the coffee house and the coffee house becomes cluttered with many useless gifts brought by friends and former colleges. Later, when customers start to ask about purchasing some of the items, Joise suggested a bartering system for the store.
Business goes up as people linger to decide what to exchange. Later, customers began to share their personal stories with Doris in the coffee house as well.
Production.
The film was invested in part by Taipei tourism bureau.
Director Hou Hsiao-hsien said that he got inspiration for Doris's character when he visited a coffee shop in Shanghai, where he witnessed a French girl with short hair devoting "her full attention to making desserts at the counter". Hsiao also said that he wanted to deliver the idea of "making exchanges without using money" because he felt that "if we value an item with only one fixed standard money, the item will lose its appeal very soon.".
Doris’ Coffee Shop, the coffee shop featured in the film, was built completely from scratch in an old apartment on Fujin Street in Taipei. It later became a real coffee shop after the shooting of the film.
Reception.
The "Taipei Times" described the film as a "surprisingly sweet, romantic portrait of a Taipei where capitalism is superseded by a barter economy". The reviewer praised the art, saying that the "fairy-tale feel the film is charmingly enhanced by artist Wu Meng-yun’s child-like illustrated art, and the "warm, comforting score". However, it added that towards "80%" of the film, "Hsiao stretches his already thin material a bit too much and loses the momentum he would have needed to make a serious statement." It also criticized the characters of the film, saying that they "seem to live exclusively in delightful vignettes that are inspired by the real world but not truly rooted in it.".
Film Business Asia said that "Hsiao's second feature is technically smooth and never boring to watch. But it's as wispy as the froth from a cappuccino machine." and rated the film 5 out of 10. "Time Out" gave the film a score of 2 out of 5, describing it as "A sickly sweet capitalist allegory that severely lacks substance". However, it added that the film "gets extra marks for the production design and ultra-clean shooting style".
"Taipei Exchanges" grossed a total of US$17,773 at the Singaporean box office.

</doc>
<doc id="31152449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152449" title="Pedda Elikicherla">
Pedda Elikicherla

Pedda Elikicherla () is a village and Gram panchayat in Kondurg mandal of Mahbubnagar district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is located about 9 kilometers from Kondurg and 39 kilometers from Mahbubnagar.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Pedda Yelkicherla is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31152450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152450" title="Daisuke Tanaka">
Daisuke Tanaka

Daisuke Tanaka (born January 6, 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for MIO Biwako Kusatsu.

</doc>
<doc id="31152452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152452" title="2011 FAI Cup">
2011 FAI Cup

The 2011 FAI Senior Challenge Cup, also known as the 2011 FAI Ford Cup, is the 88th season of the national football competition of the Republic of Ireland. The winners of the competition will earn spots in both the second qualifying round of the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League and the 2012 Setanta Sports Cup.
A total of 45 teams competed in the 2011 competition which commenced on the weekend ending on 20 March 2011. The 21 teams entered from the 2011 League of Ireland Premier and First divisions received byes into the Third round stage while the remaining 24 teams entered at the First and Second round stages with all but four of these teams receiving byes into the Second round. These 24 teams composed of four 2011 A Championship non-reserve clubs, the sixteen clubs from the Fourth round of the 2010–11 FAI Intermediate Cup and the semifinalists of the 2010–11 FAI Junior Cup.
Calendar.
The calendar for the 2011 FAI Cup, as announced by Football Association of Ireland.
Preliminary Rounds.
First round.
The draw for this round was conducted by FAI President Paddy McCaul and former player Paul Whelan at the FAI headquarters in Abbotstown on 7 March 2011. Only four of the 24 non-League of Ireland clubs participated in this round, with the remaining 20 clubs earning a bye to the Second round. The matches were played on the weekend ending 20 March 2011.
Second round.
Like for the First round, the draw for this round was conducted by FAI President Paddy McCaul and former player Paul Whelan at the FAI headquarters in Abbotstown on 7 March 2011. The two winners from the First round joined the remaining 20 non-League of Ireland clubs in this round. The matches were played on the weekend ending 17 April 2011.
Third round.
In this round, the 21 clubs of the 2011 League of Ireland will be joined by the 11 winners of the Second round. The draw for the third round was made on 9 May 2011 on "Monday Night Soccer" on RTÉ Two.
The Third round games will be played on the weekend ending 5 June 2011.
Fourth round.
The draw for the fourth round was made on 13 July 2011 on Monday Night Soccer.
Final Rounds.
Quarter Finals.
The draw for the Quarter-Finals, conducted by Vice President of FAI, Tony Fitzgerald and Women's Irish national football team manager Susan Ronan, took place on 29 August 2011 on Monday Night Soccer. Fixtures will take place on the weekend of 18 September 2011.
Semi Finals.
The draw for the semi-finals was conducted by Paul Osam and FAI President Paddy McCaul during Monday Night Soccer on 26 September 2011, after the first 3 games, but before the Shelbourne v Limerick game. Ties will be played on the weekend of 14 and 16 October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31152461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152461" title="Behrouz Pakniat">
Behrouz Pakniat

Behrouz Pakniat (, ) is an Iranian professional footballer who currently plays for Khayr Vahdat FK.
Club career.
Pakniat played for Bargh Shiraz F.C. from 2003 to 2006. He then played for Sanaye Arak F.C. from 2006. In 2010 he was playing for Payam Mashhad F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="31152470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152470" title="William Rooney">
William Rooney

William Rooney (29 September 1873–6 May 1901) was an Irish nationalist, journalist, poet and Gaelic revivalist. Along with Arthur Griffith and Denis Devereux he founded the Celtic Literary Society, and with Griffith founded the first Cumann na nGaedheal.
Life.
William Rooney was born in Mabbot Street in Dublin, Ireland and educated by the Christian Brothers in Strand Street and North Richmond Street. As a boy he was a member of "The Irish Fireside Club", a literary discussion group, where he became acquainted with Arthur Griffith around 1888. They joined the Leinster Debating Society (which became the Leinster Literary Society), where Griffith became president and Griffith secretary. After the Leinster Literary Society was dissolved in the wake of the Parnell controversies Rooney formed the Celtic Literary Society, of which he became president and editor of the society's journal, "An Seanachuidhe". Along with Michael Cusack he taught Irish at the society's offices; one of their pupils was George Clancy. 
His writings and articles appeared in "United Ireland", "The Shamrock", "Weekly Freeman", "The Evening Herald", "Shan Van Vocht" and "Northern Patriot" in Belfast. 
He was persuaded by Eoin MacNeill to join the Gaelic League after its founding in 1893. As a member of the Gaelic League, which was mainly concerned with promoting the Irish language and literature, he favoured a more political approach to promoting Irish culture. He regarded Irish independence without the revival of the language and culture as meaningless.
He was active on the 1798 Rising commemoration committee. In 1899 he co-founded with Griffith the United Irishman newspaper and wrote many of its articles. Rooney had encouraged Griffith to return from South Africa and edit the paper. In November 1900 along with Griffith he helped establish Cumann na nGaedheal. This was an umbrella organisation to co-ordinate the activities of a number of nationalist groups, with John O'Leary as president; it was merged in 1907 to form Sinn Féin. He spent some time travelling the country promoting the Irish language and condemned the Irish parliamentary party for its failure to promote the language.
He died suddenly of tuberculosis at the age of 27, shortly before he was due to be married, in May 1901. He was described by Griffith as "the Thomas Davis of the new movement". He is buried in Glasnevin Cemetery. 
His poems include "The Men of the West", "Ninety Eight", and "An tSean Bhean Bhocht". A book of his poems was posthumously published in 1902, "Poems and Ballads of William Rooney". The writer James Joyce gave Rooney's poems an unfavourable review in the Daily Express.

</doc>
<doc id="31152478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152478" title="Aristarchus' inequality">
Aristarchus' inequality

In trigonometry, Aristarchus' inequality, named after the ancient astronomer Aristarchus of Samos, states that if "α" and "β" are acute angles (i.e. between 0 and a right angle) and "β" < "α" then
The first of these inequalities was used by Ptolemy in constructing his table of chords.

</doc>
<doc id="31152481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152481" title="William Dowse">
William Dowse

William Dowse (1770 – February 18, 1813 Cooperstown, Oswego County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
Dowse was elected as a Federalist to the United States House of Representatives in the 15th District, but died before his term began.
At the time of Dowse's death, William G. Angel was a clerk in his office.

</doc>
<doc id="31152482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152482" title="Almost a Honeymoon (play)">
Almost a Honeymoon (play)

Almost a Honeymoon is a 1930 play by Walter Ellis. It debuted at the Garrick Theatre in London and later enjoyed a successful run at the Apollo Theatre. A farce it concerns a young man who has secured a lucrative post in the colonial service. His problem is that the post requires him to be married, and he has just a day to find a woman to be his wife.
Adaptations.
The play was twice adapted for film. In 1930 "Almost a Honeymoon" directed by Monty Banks and starring Clifford Mollison and Dodo Watts and in 1938 "Almost a Honeymoon" directed by Norman Lee and starring Tommy Trinder and Linden Travers.

</doc>
<doc id="31152494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152494" title="ActionAid efforts in dealing with income inequality in China">
ActionAid efforts in dealing with income inequality in China

ActionAid China is an association aiming to eradicate poverty and injustice in China in collaboration with institutions and non-governmental institutions. ActionAid has established 14 Development Areas (DA) in 14 counties of 5 provinces in China, working with rural people in 186 villages in 40 townships, thus creating intensive connections in order to alleviate poverty and promote productivity. It is estimated that 150 000 women, children and poor farmers have benefited from the organisation directly or indirectly.
Status.
Despite the fact that ActionAid China is not registered in China, they have signed a 3 years Memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Guangxi provincial poverty alleviation department in the year 2009. Under MOU, they have established a semi independent official bank account and a registered centre used for receiving, transferring funds and for fundraising purposes respectively.
Projects.
To tackle the problem of inequality, a combination of projects are pursued.
Revolving Fund.
Revolving Fund is a project that provides reliable credit loans to the rural poor in Shangping village. It has attracted 33 families and as many as 70-80% of women to take up loans. The very poor are also given priority when it comes to the application for loans. While the middle income families use the loans to uplift their economic status, the poor often rely on the loans for children's education, treatment purposes and even to rear agricultural stocks. Therefore, it is crucial for the rural poor to have access to reliable credit markets so as to allow them to escape the poverty trap.
Women's activity center.
ActionAid China has also established women's activity center in Shangping village as an effort to reduce illiteracy rate in rural China so as to solve the problem of income inequality due to educational differences. In attempt to expand this model, the launching of "Little Sunshine Teacher" program in the Zhangjiachuan district2 allows children to be teachers for their illiterate mothers and it aims to take advantage of these educated children to reduced illiteracy in rural areas. This project has been established in more than 10 villages in the Hui County and it aims to further expand the model to the rest of rural China in future to benefit more women.
Participatory budgeting.
Thirdly, in 2007, ActionAid embarked on a project in partnership with Huai'en Poverty Alleviation Office and local institutions on Participatory Budget Analysis planning work in Huai'an County. As inefficiency in budget allocation will contribute to income inequality, a carefully devised government public spending will cater to the needs of the poor and disadvantaged. In general, Participatory Budget Analysis project helps to facilitate communication between the poor and government, thereby ensuring that the poor will have a more equitable share of the economic growth.
Future plans.
In the next 2 years, Actionaid hopes to enforce pro-poor policy in financial aid and investment plans is various institutions and to further enhance rural migrant workers' knowledge on safe migration and skills.
All these programs are aimed at improving the lives of the disadvantaged group in the population. Hence, with the help of ActionAid, there is anticipation for more growth in future for China.

</doc>
<doc id="31152499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152499" title="Fontamara (film)">
Fontamara (film)

Fontamara is a 1980 Italian film, directed by Carlo Lizzani based on the novel of the same name by Ignazio Silone.
It stars Michele Placido in the role of Berardo Viola and Antonella Murgia as Elvira. 
Ida Di Benedetto won the Nastro d'Argento (Silver Ribbon) for Best supporting Actress in 1981 for her supporting role as Maria Rosa.

</doc>
<doc id="31152501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152501" title="Pape Souaré">
Pape Souaré

Pape Ndiaye Souaré (born 6 June 1990) is a Senegalese international footballer who plays professionally for French club Lille, as a defender.
Career.
Born in Mbao, Souaré has played club football in Senegal and France for Diambars Saly Portudal, Lille B, Lille and Reims.
He made his international debut for Senegal in 2012, and competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31152509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152509" title="Matterdale">
Matterdale

Matterdale is a civil parish in the Eden District of Cumbria, England. It has a population of 526.
Etymology.
Matterdale "is probably 'the valley where bedstraw grows' from ON 'maðra' (the cognate of OE 'mæddre') and ON 'dalr'..." (ON=Old Norse; OE=Old English).

</doc>
<doc id="31152514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152514" title="Almost a Honeymoon (1938 film)">
Almost a Honeymoon (1938 film)

Almost a Honeymoon is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Tommy Trinder, Linden Travers and Edmund Breon. It was based on the 1930 play "Almost a Honeymoon" by Walter Ellis. A young man urgently needs to find a wife so that he can get a lucrative job in the colonial service, and sets out to persuade a woman to marry him.

</doc>
<doc id="31152519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152519" title="Segmentorbis kanisaensis">
Segmentorbis kanisaensis

Segmentorbis kanisaensis is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
Distribution.
Distribution of "Segmentorbis kanisaensis" include Angola, Benin, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Mali, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda and Zambia.
Description.
All species within family Planorbidae have sinistral shells.

</doc>
<doc id="31152539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152539" title="Idrissa Gueye">
Idrissa Gueye

Idrissa Gana Gueye (born 26 September 1989) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Lille, as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31152542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152542" title="Amegilla quadrifasciata">
Amegilla quadrifasciata

Amegilla quadrifasciata, the White-banded Digger Bee, is a species of "bees" belonging to the family Apidae subfamily Apinae.
They are present in most of Europe, in central Asia and in North Africa.
The thorax is densely hairy, while the abdomen alternate black and white stripes. They have very large compound eyes, their long proboscises allow them to sip nectar from a variety of flowers and the hairy hind legs facilitate the collection and transport of pollen.
"Amegilla quadrifasciata" are solitary bees and do not form colonies. The females lay their eggs in nests in tunnels usually excavated by themselves in loose soils. In the cells they store pollen and nectar as food for the larvae. The larvae pupate in Autumn and emerge as adult bees in March.

</doc>
<doc id="31152555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152555" title="Segmentorbis">
Segmentorbis

Segmentorbis is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
Distribution.
Distribution of "Segmentorbis" include Africa.
Species.
Species within this genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="31152576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152576" title="Taxation in the Philippines">
Taxation in the Philippines

Taxation in the Philippines is controlled by the Bureau of Internal Revenue (Philippines). Taxes in the Philippines range from 5% to 35%
"Cedula".
Cedula is a community tax that is paid annually at the Barangay Hall. It is often rated at 5% of income.
Value Added Taxes (VAT).
In the Philippines, the rate of VAT is at 12%. With some additional VAT:
And with some exceptions:
Excise taxes.
Alcoholic beverages, tobacco products, jewelry, petroleum products, mining and petroleum taxes, residence taxes, a head tax on immigrants above a certain age and staying beyond a certain period, document stamp taxes, donor (gift) taxes, estate taxes, and capital gains taxes. A document stamp tax is charged on stock certificates, proofs of indebtedness, proofs of ownership, etc., and normally amount to .75% to 1% of the par or face value of the certificate are imposed with excise taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="31152578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152578" title="Omar Wade">
Omar Wade

Omar Wade (born 15 May 1990) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Diambars, as a striker.
Career.
Wade made his professional debut for French club Lille during the 2010–11 season, and moved on loan to Turkish club Boluspor in January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31152587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152587" title="Lensman (disambiguation)">
Lensman (disambiguation)

Lensman is a science fiction books series by Edward Elmer Smith.
Lensman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31152595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152595" title="Nordjobb">
Nordjobb

Nordjobb is a Nordic exchange programme that offers young people summer jobs in the Nordic countries. Nordjobb also provides its applicants with accommodation during their stay, and organizes culture- and leisure activities. The programme was first initiated in 1985, and has since provided summer jobs for about 25.000 applicants. Nordjobb is a nonprofit project; the main financiers are the Nordic Council of Ministers and Foreningen Norden. Nordjobb has offices in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Iceland and the self-governing area of Åland. The programmes on the Faroe Islands and Greenland are currently administered from the headquarters in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Requirements.
Before 2010, Nordjobb only accepted applications from the 5 Nordic countries (Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Iceland and Finland). In 2010 a side project called Nordjobb Europa was launched, and since then, applications from within the European Union are also accepted. All applicants must be between 18 and 28 years of age, and have knowledge in a Scandinavian language.

</doc>
<doc id="31152602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152602" title="Cyril Plant">
Cyril Plant

Cyril Thomas Howe Plant, Baron Plant, CBE (27 August 1910–9 August 1986) was a British trade unionist.
Born in Leek, Staffordshire, he worked as a sorting clerk in the Post Office and spent a lot of time playing football, later becoming a referee. In 1934, he joined the Inland Revenue and became a founding member of the Inland Revenue Staff Federation, and was elected to its executive. In 1944, he became the union's full-time assistant secretary, then deputy secretary, before becoming its general secretary in 1960. He was elected to the General Council of the Trades Union Congress (TUC) in 1964, and was its President in 1975. He was also active in the International Labour Office, and served on its governing body from 1969 to 1977. He also served on the Community Relations Commission, the Monopolies and Mergers Commission, as Treasurer of the Workers' Educational Association and Chairman of the Governors of Ruskin College, Oxford.
Plant retired from his union posts in 1977 and became an advisor to the Police Federation. 
Plant was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1965 Birthday Honours and was promoted to a Commander (CBE) in the 1975 Birthday Honours. On 9 May 1978, he was created a life peer taking the title Baron Plant, of Benenden in the County of Kent. 
Denis MacShane has attributed to Plant the joke about the readership of various newspapers made famous by "Yes Minister".

</doc>
<doc id="31152610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152610" title="Atila Huseyin">
Atila Huseyin

Atila Huseyin is a British jazz singer.
Biography.
In February 2002, Huseyin was invited by the British jazz musician Bill Ashton to work with the National Youth Jazz Orchestra. By June 2005, he had released his first solo CD called "Something Old, Something new" which gained positive reviews. Digby Fairweather stated that it is "the best I've heard from a British singer and orchestra since Dame Cleo and Sir John Dankworth's Shakespeare and All That Jazz". His second album was called "How Do You Keep the Music Playing". In April 2006, Huseyin toured with the American musician Buddy Greco; afterwards, Greco stated that "I was knocked out by Atila. He has the voice and the class to show the world what great music is all about". In 2008, Greco invited Huseyin to tour the United Kingdom, the highlights of this included an appearance with the BBC Big Band at the 30th Edinburgh Jazz and Blues Festival.
Personal life.
Huseyin was born into a Turkish Cypriot family in London, United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="31152612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152612" title="Ryoji Kawamoto">
Ryoji Kawamoto

Ryoji Kawamoto (born September 25, 1982) is a Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31152615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152615" title="Ciarán Murray">
Ciarán Murray

Ciarán Murray is a former Gaelic football player for Monaghan.
Playing career.
Murray helped Monaghan to victory in the 1984 National Football League Final defeating Armagh. He collected two Ulster Senior Football Championship medals in 1985, beating Derry and again in 1988, defeating Tyrone in Clones. He claimed an All-Star Award for his efforts in 1985. He played for Ireland in the 1986 and 1987 International Rules series against Australia. In 1991, he retired from football due to persistent knee injuries. Murray acted as physio to the Irish soccer team in the 2002 FIFA World Cup and was famously seen on TV embracing Mick McCarthy following Robbie Keane's late, late equaliser against Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31152658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152658" title="Tom Browning (entomologist)">
Tom Browning (entomologist)

Thomas Oakley Browning (born 1920) was an Australian research scientist in the field of entomology. Since his retirement in 1983, he has been Emeritus Professor of Entomology at the Waite campus of the University of Adelaide. He has also written a number of biographies of former colleagues.

</doc>
<doc id="31152663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152663" title="Burmese general election, 1978">
Burmese general election, 1978

General elections were held in Burma between 1 and 15 January 1978. The country was a one-party state at the time, with the Burma Socialist Programme Party as the sole legal party. It therefore won all 464 seats in Parliament. Voter turnout was reported to be 93.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="31152669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152669" title="Sierra del Toro">
Sierra del Toro

Sierra del Toro () is a long mountain range in the Alt Palància comarca, Valencian Community, close to the limit with Teruel Province, Aragon, Spain. It is named after the nearby town of El Toro.
Location.
This mountain range is located at the eastern end of the Iberian System and is a southern prolongation of the Sierra de Javalambre. Its highest point is Puntal del Agrillar (1,616 m). Other important peaks are Puntal de Magaña (1,614 metres), Alto del Tomatero (1,607 metres), Puntal de Peiró (1,605 metres) and Salada (1,581 metres), where there is a military communications compound.
Its summits are usually covered in snow in the winter and are among the highest peaks of the Land of Valencia. Therefore there are also numerous ancient ice houses.
These mountains have been often devastated by forest fires in hot and dry summers and extensive planting of trees has been undertaken.
This mountain range was the scenario of violent battles during the Spanish Civil War (1936–1939) when the fascist troops tried to split the Spanish Republican government territory in two and reach the Mediterranean coast and there are many remains of trenches.

</doc>
<doc id="31152673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152673" title="Burmese general election, 1981">
Burmese general election, 1981

General elections were held in Burma between 4 and 18 October 1981. The country was a one-party state at the time, with the Burma Socialist Programme Party as the sole legal party. It therefore won all 475 seats in Parliament. Voter turnout was reported to be 94.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="31152691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152691" title="Burmese general election, 1985">
Burmese general election, 1985

General elections were held in Burma between 6 and 20 October 1985. The country was a one-party state at the time, with the Burma Socialist Programme Party as the sole legal party. It therefore won all 489 seats in Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="31152719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152719" title="Ypsolopha sarmaticella">
Ypsolopha sarmaticella

Ypsolopha sarmaticella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Russia (Russian plain, the West Siberian plain and the South Siberian mountains) and Ukraine.
The wingspan is about 15 mm.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Caragana" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31152739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152739" title="Triptych Bleu I, II, III">
Triptych Bleu I, II, III

Blue I, II, III is a triptych created in 1961. It is a set of three-part display abstract oil painting by the Spanish modern artist Joan Miró. The paintings are named Blue I, Blue II, Bleue III and are very similar. All three are enormous painting 355 cm x 270 cm each and currently owned by the Musée National d'Art Moderne in the Centre Pompidou in Paris.
Background.
As an up-and-coming artist in Paris during the 1920s, Miró was influenced heavily by Cubism and Art Nouveau, particularly the works of artists like Picasso. During this time he painted works similar to Bleu I, II and III such as "Maternity" (1924), "Painting" (1927), and "Catalan Peasant with a Guitar" (1924). Many of these works used the same spacious, blue field. Miró held a special significance with this colour; to him this blue was a symbol of a world of cosmic dreams, an unconscious state where his mind flowed clearly and without any sort of order. This blue was the colour of a surreal, ethereal night, a night that embodied the only place where dreams could exist in their rawest state, untouched and uncensored by conscious, rational thought.
The painting.
Miró completed the Triptych Bleu I, II, III on March 4, 1961, well into his artistic career. By this time he was an established artist with large exhibitions all over the world, and saw this triptych as a summary of his works up to this point Shifts in style and technique are apparent over the course of his artistic career, ranging from busy landscapes and portraits at the beginning of his career to his famous abstract paintings of nearly empty space and stark, primary colors, the style in which Bleu II was created. 
Miró’s abstract paintings conveyed his dreams and subconscious, and he often spoke of painting freely without truly being in control; rather, letting the free-flowing thoughts and shifts of his mind move the brush across the canvas, a technique referred to as “psychic automatism”. Bleu II exemplifies his distinct style; the artist uses sparse, uniform brushstrokes all across the canvas, giving the enormous expanse of the painting an even more empty feeling, which is emphasized even further by the distinguishable dreamy blue of the background. 
Bleu II is probably the painting in Miró’s portfolio that most definitively expresses his obsession with dreamscapes and vacant, infinite space In 1958, during which he was working on the Bleu I, II, III triptych and similar abstract murals in Paris, he was quoted saying: “The spectacle of the sky overwhelms me. I’m overwhelmed when I see, in an immense sky, the crescent of the moon, or the sun. There, in my pictures, tiny forms in huge, empty spaces. Empty spaces, empty horizons, empty plains—everything which is bare has always greatly impressed me.” (Twentieth Century Artists on Art, 1958). Bleu I and Bleu III are nearly identical to Bleu II with exactly the same backgrounds of matching color and simple lines and shapes. 
To animate the sparseness of Bleu II’s canvas, Miró includes the dynamic red line on the left side of the painting, conveying a sharp shock in the calm blue surface. He also employs the series of bold, defined black dots radiating out from the red line in a horizontal flow to transmit the motion of the line through the whole expanse of the canvas. With these shapes, Miró creates an energetic, powerful piece, a bold work brought to life by the precise (but by intention very free) placement of geometric shapes and bright colors, allowing the viewer a glimpse into the unspoiled subconscious of the artist and truly embodying the unique style for which Miró is well known for today. 

</doc>
<doc id="31152762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152762" title="Marianna Cataldi">
Marianna Cataldi

Marianna Cataldi (born April 7, 1978) an Italian singer-songwriter and composer.
Life and career.
1978–1993: Early life.
Marianna Cataldi was born and raised in Taranto, Italy.
She started performing live on stage when she was only 4, singing children songs, folk Italian music and international pop.
In 1980 she began studying piano and in 1983 she began writing her own songs. She studied at the Conservatory of Taranto "G. Paisiello" : music theory, piano, choral singing, and singing (under the guidance of voice teacher Giacomo Colafelice).
After studying opera Marianna acquired a particular vocal style and she discovered to be a mezzo-soprano in classical music but a soprano in pop music.
In 1994 during a jam session at Santa Tecla in Milan, she was discovered by Michele Forzani, a producer of a small label (SYNTHESIS), who decided to produce her self-titled debut album in which she wrote all the tracks and that features the song “TUA MAI”, co-written with Mario Rosini. After her first record, she released a vinyl featuring the acclaimed remix of Kate Bush’s “Wuthering Heights”, and also the song “Dangerous Time” which she wrote.
In 1995 she moved to Milan and in 1996 she started to collaborate with the Italian composer Silvio Amato who helped her starting to work with the networks of Mediaset s.p.a.
1994-1997: Career beginnings.
During 1996 and 1997 she performed as a lead singer in songs from many TV spots, TV shows theme songs and radio jingles, she covered several Christmas and classic love songs featured in compilations and she also performed as a backup singer in various musical soundtracks, TV shows theme songs and orchestras.
1998-present: Solo career.
In 1998 Walt Disney Pictures chose her to perform in the Italian version of the American animated film Mulan, where she performed the songs “Riflesso” and “Molto Onore Ci Darai”.
In 1999 she performed the song “In Your Eyes”, written by Silvio Amato, theme music of the movie Senza Movente (Warner Bros.) then she participated in Gino Landi’s tv show “Tiramisù” presented by Pippo Baudo, broadcast on Canale 5.
In 2000 she participated as the lead singer in the five episodes of Pierfrancesco Pingitore’s TV show “La Canzone del Secolo” presented by Pippo Baudo, broadcast on Canale 5.
In 2004 she composed and recorded the theme song for “Prima o Poi”, a quiz show broadcast on Rai 2.
In 2005 she composed and produced the background music for the TV show “Screensaver” broadcast on Rai 3.
She performed on Rai 2’s reality show L'isola dei famosi tv song, broadcast every year since 2004.
In 2009 she released her single I Need You To Survive (self-written and composed) which was included in the Italian soundtrack of the horror movie (20th Century Fox), she then performed the romanza “Genti Du Suli”, featured in the soundtrack of Marco Ottavio Graziano’s docu-film “Emigranti” (Rai Trade).
In 2010 she released her second album “Art in Heart”, a collection of some of her soundtracks, featuring two unreleased tracks.
Marianna Cataldi currently composes and produces instrumental tracks for SOUNDIVA MUSIC LIBRARY and she writes and composes songs for other artists.
Marianna has been vocal coach for over a decade and she has also collaborated as vocal coach in productions such as Disney Channel Italy ’s Life Bites and Italia 1’s Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="31152766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152766" title="Umma (1960 film)">
Umma (1960 film)

Umma () is a 1960 Malayalam social drama film directed and produced by Kunchacko. It was the first directorial venture of Kunchacko. Its screenplay is written by Vimal while the dialogues are by P. K. Sarangapani, who was on his debut. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Moidu Padiyath. It was the first Muslim social film in Malayalam. The story of the film revolves around marital evils that prevailed in the Muslim community, particularly in the Malabar region.
The film became a huge box office success as well as gained critical praise. The famous song "Kadalivaazhakayyilirunnu" is from this film.
Plot.
Polygamy is the theme of the film. An illiterate rich landlord Aboobacker Haji married three times and divorced all the three wives. His next aim is to get married again which according to traditions will be his last marriage. He gets married to Ibrahim Kakka's daughter Ayisha. Ayisha gives birth to a daughter and a maid servant named Khadeeja is appointed to take care of the child.
Haji eventually develops a desire to marry Khadeeja. Though this was against custom, nobody was dare to question him. Haji divorces Ayisha, who seeks refuge in Ibrahim Kakka's house. She sends her daughter Zainaba to school ignoring protests from the community. Zainaba falls in love with her classmate Hameed. When Haji comes to know about this affair, he tries to take his daughter with him, which is opposed by Ayisha and Ibrahim Kakka. They decide to conduct the marriage of Zainaba with Hameed. The marriage did not take place as Haji interrupted. Haji takes Zainaba to his house where she faces tortures from her stepmother Khadeeja. 
Meanwhile, Ibrahim Kakka dies. Haji arranges Zainaba's marriage with a rich jewellery shop owner. Haji's mother Pathumma comes to the help of her grand daughter. She pleads with the Haji to change his decision. At this moment in time Haji comes to know of the cruel tricks played by Khadeeja. His heart melts and he withdraws from his decision. In the end, Zainaba gets married to Hameed.
Soundtrack.
Music: M. S. Baburaj; Lyrics: P. Bhaskaran

</doc>
<doc id="31152769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152769" title="Miss Asia Pacific 1971">
Miss Asia Pacific 1971

Miss Asia Pacific 1971 is the fourth edition of Miss Asia Pacific International. This events was held in June 26 in Quezon City, Philippines. Flora Baza of Guam was crowned as Miss Asia Pacific 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31152770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152770" title="Ypsolopha sculpturella">
Ypsolopha sculpturella

Ypsolopha sculpturella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Croatia, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Greece, Crete, Turkey and Israel.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Ephedra distachya".

</doc>
<doc id="31152807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152807" title="Goteik viaduct">
Goteik viaduct

The Goteik viaduct (, also known as Gohteik viaduct) is a railway trestle in Nawnghkio, western Shan State, Myanmar (also known as Burma). The bridge is between the two towns of Pyin U Lwin, the summer capital of the former British colonial administrators of Burma, and Lashio, the principal town of northern Shan State.
It is the highest bridge in Myanmar and when it was completed, the largest railway trestle in the world. The bridge is located approximately 100 km northeast of Mandalay.
The bridge was constructed in 1899 and completed in 1900 by Pennsylvania and Maryland Bridge Construction. The components were made by the Pennsylvania Steel Company, and the parts were shipped from the United States. The rail line was constructed as a way for the British Empire to expand their influence in the region. The construction project was overseen by Sir Arthur Rendel, engineer for the Burma Railroad Company.
Bridge data.
The viaduct stretches from end to end with 15 towers which span along with a double tower long. The 15 towers support 10 deck truss spans of along with six plate girder spans long and an approach span of . Many sources have put the height of the bridge at . This is supposedly a measurement to the river level as it flows underground through a tunnel at the point it passes underneath the trestle. The true height of the bridge as measured from the rail deck to the ground on the downstream side of the tallest tower is . The cost of the bridge construction was 111,200 £(Pound sterling).
Due to its technical and natural condition it was considered as a masterpiece of the world standard.
Diversion.
The line from Mandalay to Lashio being of strategic value a diversionary route to the valley floor was built in 1976 - 1978, to keep trains running even when the Goteik viaduct would have been sabotaged.
Its tracks are still visible from the viaduct in 2013, but the line was left to the tropical vegetation since 2002.
Mention.
The bridge was mentioned in Paul Theroux's acclaimed travelogue The Great Railway Bazaar. He described the viaduct as "a monster of silver geometry in all the ragged rock and jungle, its presence was bizarre".

</doc>
<doc id="31152809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152809" title="Ypsolopha divisella">
Ypsolopha divisella

Ypsolopha divisella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from France.
The wingspan is 16–17 mm.
The larvae feed "Ephedra altissima"

</doc>
<doc id="31152821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152821" title="List of earthquakes in Moldova">
List of earthquakes in Moldova


</doc>
<doc id="31152828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152828" title="John Lardner">
John Lardner

John Lardner (born 1973 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a professional snooker player. His best performance came in the 1999 World Snooker Championship, where he reached the last 32. He reached a peak world ranking on 67 in 2000/2001.
Early life.
Lardner was born in Glasgow in 1973. He left school early to spend time practising snooker, confident that he could be come a professional player. In 1988 Lardner won the Star of the Future award at a competition in Prestatyn.
Professional career.
Lardner turned professional in 1991. In the 1993/1994 season, he reached the final of the Benson & Hedges Championship, losing 9-6 to Ronnie O'Sullivan.
In 1999, at the age of 26, Lardner reached the first round of the World Snooker Championship by defeating Neal Foulds, Quinten Hann and Martin Clark in the qualifying rounds. In his first round match against world number 9 Stephen Lee, Lardner trailed 9-3 before recovering to lose only 10-7. Despite the defeat, he described the Crucible Theatre as "the best place I've ever played snooker".
The following season, Lardner climed to position 72 in the world rankings, and reached the first round of the UK Championship, losing to David Gray. He also achieved his best ranking tournament finish by reaching the last 16 of the Thailand Masters in March 2000, beating Feargal O'Brien in the last 32 before being defeated by Ken Doherty. However, he was defeated in the qualifying rounds of the World Championship to Icelandic player Kristjan Helgason. His world ranking climbed to 67 for the 2000/2001 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31152829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152829" title="Os (Fringe)">
Os (Fringe)

"Os" is the 16th episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series "Fringe", and the 59th episode overall. The episode centered around the Fringe team's investigation into a series of robberies of the element osmium, which they connect to a scientist (Alan Ruck) who is able to defy the laws of physics.
"Os" was written by Josh Singer and Graham Roland, while Brad Anderson served as director. Along with Ruck, the episode also guest starred Jorge Garcia in a brief cameo as a security guard.
On its first broadcast in the United States on March 11, 2011, an estimated 3.76 million viewers tuned in, giving it a 1.5/5 ratings share for those between the ages 18–49. Critical reception to the episode was generally positive, as multiple critics noted that Ruck was well-cast as a scientist just trying to help his son.
Plot.
The Fringe team is called to the scene of a robbery of a metal depository; the body of one of the thieves, shot by a security guard, inexplicably floats off the ground, while a second culprit has gotten away. They find that the thief has taken off with a supply of osmium, one of the densest elements, and an autopsy later reveals that the dead thief's body is filled with the metal. Tracking a security card on the body, they enter a warehouse where they find the second culprit, dead, along with the bodies of several more people, all of them paraplegic. Walter (John Noble) notes that the physical properties of osmium (both gravitational and thermal) have been reversed, and by melting the osmium collected from the first victim using liquid nitrogen, they detect the presence of the rarer element lutetium, typically only present in meteorites. 
Recognizing that the local science museum has a display of meteorites, the Fringe team is able to secure Dr. Crick (Alan Ruck), the man behind the osmium injections, and another paraplegic who has taken Dr. Crick's injections as they attempt to steal the display. With Dr. Crick in custody, Walter learns that the man had worked in aerospace to find an alloy for fighter craft. He happened upon the combination of the osmium-lutetium alloy that generated a material lighter than air, and sought to refine a permanent solution to give his own paraplegic son the ability to walk, having promised the same to those that had died from earlier, lethal doses of the alloy.
Walter, who has lamented to Nina Sharp (Blair Brown) his need to have William Bell (Leonard Nimoy) back to make himself whole, realizes that the only reason the osmium-lutetium alloy became lighter than air was due to his own transgression into the parallel universe that has started to break down the laws of reality. To reverse those effects, Walter intends to use the idea of "soul magnets", microscopic devices that can be ingested by a person to call forth the soul of another. Walter believes Bell had arranged for someone in the prime universe to be his vessel, and rings the bell that Bell had bequeathed to Nina, believing it to be the instrument that will activate the soul magnets and call forth Bell.
Simultaneously, Peter (Joshua Jackson) has decided to open up to Olivia (Anna Torv) and shows her the five data discs from the shapeshifters he killed after the doomsday device weaponized him. As he discusses it with her, Olivia hears the sound of the bell. She turns to face Peter, revealing herself to now be possessed by Bell.
Production.
The episode was co-written by co-executive producer Josh Singer and executive story editor Graham Roland, while former "Fringe" producer Brad Anderson directed it.
The return of the William Bell character to the series was inspired by Leonard Nimoy from earlier seasons. In his first appearance on "Fringe" in the first season finale, "There's More Than One of Everything", Nimoy requested that a bell be placed on his desk so that his character would be able to ring it as a play on the character's name. When the writers considered how to bring Bell back for the third season, they recalled this mannerism, and wrote it into the larger mythos, being the means by which Bell's mind emerged from Olivia's at the end of this episode.
On March 3, "Entertainment Weekly" reported that actor Jorge Garcia would be making a cameo appearance in an upcoming "Fringe" episode. Garcia, who previously starred as Hugo "Hurley" Reyes from J.J. Abrams' "Lost", appears as a Massive Dynamic guard that is smoking a bong with Walter at the start of the episode. Alan Ruck guests as Dr. Crick, the person behind the floating bodies. Ruck was approached by the show's producers having envisioned him for the role. Ruck described the character, "He is no dummy... and he stumbled on to something and he is trying to figure out a way to use it. Ultimately he would like to use it for good, but in so doing he causes a lot of damage. So I guess you can say he's obsessed. And this particular point in time where the episode of "Fringe" starts, time is fleeting and he's just... under the gun." On his character's possible reappearance, Ruck commented, "I think not... Technically yes could come back, but probably not."
As with other "Fringe" episodes, Fox released a science lesson plan in collaboration with Science Olympiad for grade school children, focusing on the science seen in "Os", with the intention of having "students learn about meteorites and ways of finding them."
Reception.
Ratings.
On its first broadcast, "Os" maintained a 1.5/5 rating share for adults between the ages of 18 and 49 as with several previous episodes, with an estimated 3.76 million viewers. In the 18–49 demographic, "Fringe" was the second most watched show in its time slot, after "". Time shifted viewing increased the episode's ratings among adults by 53 percent to a 2.3 ratings share. This was the largest increase in time shifting viewing for the week among network shows.
Reviews.
Reviews of the episode were generally positive. Ken Tucker from "Entertainment Weekly" praised guest actor Alan Ruck's "sustained, understated" performance, and also called Olivia being revealed as Bell's vessel "a clever development," especially praising actress Anna Torv's imitation of Nimoy's voice rather than "doing the obvious thing and hav her lip-synch Nimoy reading the lines." A.V. Club's Todd VanDerWerff graded the episode with a B-, explaining that unlike Tucker, he thought the idea of "soul magnets" was "just so goofy that it's almost too much for me to handle". VanDerWerff also felt there wasn't much of a connection between the episode and the ongoing storyline "until the show tries to force one in a way that doesn't feel as elegant as the show usually makes this stuff feel". He did however praise Ruck as "well-cast," and wrote the episode "very nearly managed" to parallel Walter's "desperate measures to the desperate measures of other men also trying to save themselves or their children through science," which the reviewer considers the strongest asset of the show. 
Writing for the "Los Angeles Times", critic Andrew Hanson referred to audiences' Friday night plans away from television when he commented the episode was "better than any movie you're going to see in the theater right now". Hanson thought the mystery produced "surprises around every corner". IGN's Ramsey Isler rated the episode 8.0/10, explaining he enjoyed the "classic "Fringe"" opening scene, the "decent job" by Ruck, and John Noble's performance; he also thought the script was "very clever [as it reveals surprising story elements with innovative tricks". Isler wasn't sure what to make of the Bell-Olivia plot twist however, commenting that "this new William Bell thing is either going to end up as the best plot device of the season, or the cheesiest thing in recent sci-fi history". 
Billy Grifter from Den of Geek was slightly disappointed with the "mad scientist" storyline as he felt it had been done before, but found several redeeming qualities: Alan Ruck's performance and the last five minutes featuring Noble and Blair Brown, and Torv with Joshua Jackson. Grifter thought the Noble-Brown scene was "actually very funny," praising the two actors' performances, and added that this humor made the following Torv-Jackson scene's impact "even greater". Referring to Torv's "passable" Nimoy impression, Grifter concluded that "the strength of "Fringe" is that it can take a rather light and fluffy premise, like the one in "Os", and embellish it with wonderful character moments and a genuine surprise or two".

</doc>
<doc id="31152846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152846" title="Ypsolopha excisella">
Ypsolopha excisella

Ypsolopha excisella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Spain, but has also been recorded from Mongolia and Asia Minor.

</doc>
<doc id="31152848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152848" title="Bill Hall (catcher)">
Bill Hall (catcher)

William Lemuel Hall (July 30, 1928 – January 1, 1986) was an American professional baseball player, a catcher who played parts of three seasons (; ; ) in Major League Baseball with the Pittsburgh Pirates. The native of Moultrie, Georgia, batted left-handed, threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Hall played his entire, 13-year professional career in the Pittsburgh system, signing with the Pirates before the 1947 season. He played six seasons at the highest levels of Minor League Baseball with the Open-Classification Hollywood Stars and the Triple-A Salt Lake Bees and Columbus Jets. He appeared in 57 MLB games for the Pirates, 51 of them during the 1958 season, when he batted .284 in 116 at bats. Among his 33 hits were six doubles and one home run.
Hall retired after the 1960 season, and died in Moultrie at the age of 57 on New Year's Day 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31152872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152872" title="Stephen Jin-Woo Kim">
Stephen Jin-Woo Kim

Stephen Jin-Woo Kim is a former State Department contractor who pleaded guilty to a single felony count of disclosing classified information to Fox News reporter James Rosen. He previously had a career in academia and government service. He lives in McLean, Virginia.
Kim was charged under the Espionage Act for allegedly disclosing to a reporter that North Korea might test a nuclear bomb. His defenders argue that such disclosure is both harmless and commonplace in Washington, and that the charge against him is excessive and unprecedented.
Biography.
He was born on August 15, 1967 in Seoul, South Korea. His family moved to New York in 1976. He attended Fordham Preparatory School, a Jesuit school. For college he went to the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service (1989). He tried out Wall Street but found the work did not suit him. Following that, he attended Harvard for a master's degree in national security (1992), and then Yale for a Ph.D. in diplomatic and military history (1999). He authored a book based on his dissertation. He has also extensively studied philosophy and literature.
After graduation, he went to work at the Center for Naval Analyses, where he analyzed U.S. operations in Kosovo, Afghanistan, and Iraq. After the September 11 attacks, he moved to the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory where he focused on North Korea. He briefed the Defense Policy Board on his work, as well as Kissinger, Hadley, and Cheney. He also worked at the Office of Net Assessment under the Secretary of Defense, analyzing Chinese nuclear issues.
In 2008, he went to work as a contractor at the State Department at the Bureau of Arms Control, Verification and Compliance. There he was Senior Advisor for Intelligence to the Assistant Secretary of State for Verification, Compliance, and Implementation. He studied North Korea's nuclear program, especially its claims of dismantling its equipment. He also participated in nuclear war games at the Naval War College.
James Rosen and Fox News.
In June 2009, Kim allegedly had a conversation with reporter James Rosen of Fox News about North Korea planning a nuclear bomb test.
In August 2010, Kim was indicted by a grand jury on two charges:
The government alleges that Kim's conversation with Rosen contained information related to the "national defense"; (793(d) does not use the word "classified"). The alleged false statements to the FBI occurred in September 2009, regarding whether or not Kim had any contact with Rosen (whom he allegedly met around March 2009). Kim has pled not guilty. Rosen and Fox are not named in the indictment (they are listed as a "news organization" and "reporter") but news reports have identified the parties.
He is being defended by prominent attorneys Abbe Lowell of Chadbourne & Parke and Paul M. Thompson and James M. Commons of McDermott Will & Emery. One of Lowell's arguments is that Bob Woodward's book "Obama's Wars" contains far more sensitive information than the information Kim is accused of leaking, thus creating a double standard in leak prosecution. Lowell also said that the DOJ is "stretchthe espionage laws" and having a chilling effect on government officials communicating with the press. He also said that Kim would never do anything "for which he had any reason to believe would harm [US interests."

</doc>
<doc id="31152891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152891" title="Ypsolopha falcella">
Ypsolopha falcella

Ypsolopha falcella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from northern and central Europe and Russia.
The wingspan is 17–20 mm.
The larvae feed on "Lonicera" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31152898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152898" title="Overlay architecture">
Overlay architecture

Overlay is a term that is used to describe ‘event architecture’ and relates to the temporary elements that are added to more permanent buildings to enable the operation of major sporting events or festivals. These elements provide additional facilities for the duration of an event and are generally of a lightweight construction, as they are often removed afterwards.
Use.
The role of overlay is extensive and can cover all aspects of a major event, starting with the ‘back of house’ user groups, including staff, operations, officials, broadcast, media, hospitality, VIPs and the athletes themselves. These groups all require physical facilities to provide accreditation, accommodation, segregation and wayfinding, which need to be separated from, but connected to, the spectators at the ‘front of house’, to preserve the magic and mystery of the event experience.
It is important that the overlay design is integrated into the masterplan of major events at an early stage, in order that the flow of people through the site can be effectively managed and sufficient space provided for the various overlay facilities. 
The overlay design also has a significant role in helping to define the overall environment of a major event. By taking a design-inclusive approach and considering the cultural and design aspects alongside the commercial and functional requirements, memorable places and spaces can be created out of simple components and hired commodities.
Overlay categories.
Overlay can be categorised in three main ways: 

</doc>
<doc id="31152908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152908" title="350pages">
350pages

350pages is a web-based website construction tool which was launched in October 2007. It was created to enable non-technical users to create and publish web sites without the need for any design, authoring or technical skills.
It is unique in that it has 2 types of customizable templates, auto format and free format. It also differs from other website construction tools in that it includes customizable graphics, and the Premium and Platinum versions incorporate search engine marketing tools such as a search engine optimization report, website checkup audit and expert design guidance as well as a series of backups for offsite storage.
History.
350pages was developed by ZyNet Ltd which was formed in the UK in 1994 as one of the first Internet Service Providers in the UK and an early adopter of entirely server-based solutions. ZyNet co-developed ZyWeb, launched in 1997, which was one of the world’s first web-based website builders.
350pages was created using Web 2.0 technologies which were not available when ZyWeb was developed.
Templates & Objects.
350pages provides customizable templates and every object on the web page can be customized with borders, backgrounds, transparencies, orientation and they can be resized in real-time.
Web page objects include customizable graphics such as headings, navigation buttons, logos and dividers, rich text editor, photo editor, framed images, forms and e-commerce functions.
The auto-format automatically formats the web page content regardless of the size of web browser, and the free-format enables the user to drag and drop the page objects to any fixed position on the web page.
The websites created using the 350pages tools are industry standard HTML that is recognised by the search engines. 350pages integrates with social media such as Twitter and Facebook.
As everything on the web page is an object then 350pages enables third party objects to be placed on the page. Often known as Widgets or Gadgets these are tools that add extra functionality to the website.
There are five versions of 350pages - Free, Lite, Standard, Premium and Platinum.
Technical.
350pages is a proprietary application, largely built on an open source foundation. The client-side code is written in JavaScript and makes use of Dojo Toolkit and the Trimpath JST template system, providing cross-browser support. The server-side code is written in perl built on the Catalyst framework. The application is delivered by an Apache HTTPweb server and runs on Debian virtual servers in the Flexiscale public cloud. Bitmap image processing is handled by the Image Magick library and the powerful, vector template based, smart graphics are managed using proprietary software provided by Xara. The system builds web pages from page templates which are constructed in standard HTML with mark-up extensions to control the editor and store extended meta-data.

</doc>
<doc id="31152920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152920" title="Kubu Raya Regency">
Kubu Raya Regency

Kubu Raya Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan, Indonesia. It was created in 2007 from part of Pontianak Regency. The principal town lies at Sungai Raya.

</doc>
<doc id="31152938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152938" title="4Q Magazine">
4Q Magazine

4Q is a free national magazine published in the United Kingdom with a readership of 40,000.
Founded by Andrew Jackson and Michael Smith, and later joined by Rob Pearson, the idea for the magazine was initially intended as a university coursework project. After successfully winning a local ‘Dragon’s Den’ style competition hosted by the Manchester universities the duo set up the business for real after Jackson had completed his studies. Two years after the 4Q company was established the team announced the magazine will be going fully national, and brought in one of their writers and event organisers, Rob Pearson, as their third director and also head of strategy.
Content.
The physical appearance of the free published magazine is that of a premium, or paid for, magazine, an image that has been a feature of 4Q since their first issue.
The magazine features dedicated sections of content such as music, comedy, fashion, gaming & technology, and film & entertainment. The focus of 4Q is much more on searching for and championing new acts as opposed to their view of ‘the stagnant approach of the old media’ some of whom have been criticised for playing it safe and focusing only on popular acts of the time.
Previously championed acts include Dinosaur Pile-Up, The Virginmarys, Enter Shikari, The Heartbreaks, Beat The Radar, Spartak, The Volantes, Turrentine Jones, Six10repeater, Alexisonfire, Death To The Strange, Vampire Weekend, Nine Black Alps, Delta Maid, Suzuki Method, and The Jessie Rose Trip.
As well as music acts 4Q has also featured both established and up and coming comedians such as Tim Minchin, Jason Manford, and Michael Fielding, 
Many of the championed acts have also featured in the magazines Fresh Meat events, sponsored by international sportswear giant Converse, where new up and coming bands are given the chance to play at major gigs around the Manchester area. It is expected that these events will now go national along with the magazine.
4Q Media.
There are hints that the new national magazines will also feature a fully integrated augmented reality system that has never been attempted by any other publication. Readers will be able to download an iPhone or Android app and access extra content projected onto the pages of the magazine. Details of this technology are still unknown though as the editors have yet make an official announcement.
The 4Q in-house media team includes photographers such as Luke Corbiere and Katie Dervin, as well as TV producer Caroline Farrell and events organiser Ren Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="31152949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152949" title="Meggie Albanesi">
Meggie Albanesi

Meggie Albanesi (8 October 1899—9 December 1923) was a British stage and film actress.
Life and career.
She was born Margherita Albanesi in London on 8 October 1899. Her mother was Effie Adelaide Rowlands, a writer, and her father was Chevalier Carlo Albanesi, an Italian violinist. She attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and made her film debut in 1919.
She enjoyed a successful theatre career, starring in plays such as John Galsworthy's "The First and the Last" opposite Owen Nares. She was soon being hailed by critics as one of the brightest prospects in British acting. However after making just six films, Albanesi died at the age of 24 in Broadstairs, Kent, on 9 December 1923, allegedly as a result of an illegal abortion.
Albanesi had a relationship with the theatre and film producer Basil Dean who continued to be obsessed with her after her death. Dean was first attracted to his wife the actress Victoria Hopper because of her physical resemblance to Albanesi and cast her in a number of his productions. His final film as a director "21 Days" was based on a play "The First and the Last" on which he had worked with Albanesi.

</doc>
<doc id="31152968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152968" title="Aberuchill Castle">
Aberuchill Castle

Aberuchill Castle is located west of Comrie in Perthshire, Scotland. It comprises an early 17th-century tower house, which was extended and remodelled in the 19th century. The house, excluding the later west wing, is protected as a category A listed building, while the grounds are included in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland.
History.
In 1596 the lands of Aberuchill were granted to Colin Campbell (d.1618), son of Sir John Campbell of Lawers. The earliest part of the tower house is dated 1602. In 1642 Aberuchill was acquired by Sir James Drummond, and was retained by his descendents until 1858. The gothic east wing was added to the tower house by the Drummonds, and the interiors remodelled, in the early 19th century. 
The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858, who sold it on to Sir George Dewhurst in 1864. Between 1869 and 1874 the west wing and further additions were made, possibly to the designs of David Bryce. The estate was sold by the Dewhursts in the 1980s, and remains in private ownership. In 2005 it was reported that Russian steel tycoon Vladimir Lisin had purchased the castle and its estate for £6.8 million.

</doc>
<doc id="31152973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152973" title="Ketapang Regency">
Ketapang Regency

Ketapang Regency is a regency in the south of the province of West Kalimantan, on the island of Borneo in Indonesia. Ketapang Regency occupies an area of 35,809 km², and its population was estimated at 473,880 in 2004 - consisting of 217,885 men and 205,931 women; at the subsequent census in 2010 it had 427,158 inhabitants following the splitting off of part of the regency to form the new North Kayong Regency. The principal town lies at Ketapang.

</doc>
<doc id="31152977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152977" title="Landak Regency">
Landak Regency

Landak Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan, Indonesia. The principal town lies at Ngabang.

</doc>
<doc id="31152980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152980" title="Pontianak Regency">
Pontianak Regency

Pontianak Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan, Indonesia. The principal town lies at Mempawah.

</doc>
<doc id="31152986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152986" title="Melawi Regency">
Melawi Regency

Melawi Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan, Indonesia. The principal town lies at Nanga Pinoh.

</doc>
<doc id="31152989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152989" title="Sekadau Regency">
Sekadau Regency

Sekadau Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan, Indonesia. The principal town lies at Sekadau.

</doc>
<doc id="31152990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152990" title="Badri Maisuradze">
Badri Maisuradze

Badri Maisuradze () (born on November 13, 1966) is a Georgian tenor opera singer, a leading dramatic tenor of the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, Russia.
Born in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR, he graduated from the Tbilisi State Conservatoire in 1989, after which he became a probationer at the Bolshoi Theatre. In 1990-1993, he was a soloist at Tbilisi Opera and Ballet Theatre. In 1995, he joined the Bolshoi Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="31152991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152991" title="Sintang Regency">
Sintang Regency

Sintang Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan, Indonesia. The principal town lies at Sintang.
Baning Tourist Nature Park.
The park is tropical nature forest located in city center, the only one in Indonesia which declared in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="31152993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152993" title="Ypsolopha fractella">
Ypsolopha fractella

Ypsolopha fractella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Spain and Tunisia.
The wingspan is 14.5–17 mm.
The larvae feed on "Ephedra altissima".

</doc>
<doc id="31152997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31152997" title="North Kayong Regency">
North Kayong Regency

North Kayong Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan province in Indonesia. The principal town lies in Sukadana. The nearest airport is Ketapang Airport.
History.
North Kayong was created in 2007, following a federal government decision to split the Ketapang regency.
Economy.
The main industries consists in the production of palm oil, rubber and wood.
Education.
The current political leadership has made commitments to provide free education and health care to all residents and primary and secondary school fees that are paid elsewhere in Indonesia have been waived. There are no institutes of higher education. The Regency is currently developing a polytechnic.
Health.
The local government provides free public health care through clinics throughout the province, including a ‘floating clinic’ based on a boat to serve the islands off the west coast of the regency. A privately run clinic is operated by the NGO ASRI in Sukadana town. The nearest hospitals are in the neighboring regency of Ketapang.
Demographics.
North Kayong has a minority population of Chinese with the majority being native. Most Chinese residents in North Kayong are of either Teochew or Hakka. The native Indonesians living there are mainly of Malay descent. In regards to speech, most citizens of North Kayong incorporate a type of Malay accent in their Indonesian, which is somewhat similar to that used in Malaysia.
Transportation.
The nearest airport is Rahadi Osman Ketapang. The airport has some connecting flights to Pontianak, Semarang via Pangkalan Bun, and Jakarta. Boats from Sukadana, Teluk Melano and Teluk Batang run daily to Pontianak.
Hotels.
The largest hotel is the Makhota Kayong in Sukadana.

</doc>
<doc id="31153010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153010" title="Bantaeng Regency">
Bantaeng Regency

Bantaeng Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi, Indonesia. The administrative centre is the town of Bantaeng, which lies on the south coast of the southern peninsula of Sulawesi.
Administration.
Bantaeng Regency is divided into eight Districts ("Kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.
Beaches.
Bantaeng Regency has 3 beaches:
The previous 2 beaches is near the administrative centre, Bantaeng, and the last beach is 18 kilometers southeast of Lamalaka Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="31153014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153014" title="Barru Regency">
Barru Regency

Barru Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The principal town lies at Barru.
Administration.
Barru Regency in 2010 comprised seven administrative Districts ("Kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153017" title="Bone Regency">
Bone Regency

Bone Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi, Indonesia. Originally the seat of the Bone state, it joined Indonesia in 1950. Its main products are seaweed, rice, and fish. The principal town is Watampone.
Geography.
Bone is located on the east coast of South Sulawesi. It has of coastline and covers an area of . It has a total of of rice fields.
Bone is surrounded by Wajo to the north, Sinjai to the south, Soppeng, Maros, Pangkkajene, and Barru to the west, and the Gulf of Bone to the east, where it has a sea border with Sulawesi Tenggara.
The climate of Bone is tropical, with the wet season from April to September and the dry season from October to March. The temperature ranges from , with air humidity averaging 95% - 99%. The average annual rainfall varies from less than to .
Demographics.
According to a 2010 census, Bone Regency has 717,268 residents, consisting 341,335
males and 375,933 females. This gives a sex ratio of 90.80 for the regency, or 91 males for every 100 females. It displayed a population growth rate of 0.67% per annum for the 2000-2010 period.
The majority of residents of Bone Regency are Muslim, with numerous mosques and places for studying Islam. There are also some churches in Watampone.
Administration.
Bone Regency in 2010 comprised 27 administrative Districts ("Kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.
, the districts are sub-divided into 335 administrative villages ("desa" and "kelurahan").
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of Bone consists of a blue shield with a harrow, anchor, unsheathed kris, rice, cotton plant, and - at the bottom of the shield - the words "Kabupaten Bone" in red text on a white banner. The harrow and rice stand for the agricultural history of the area. The anchor signifies Bone's nautical prowess, while its symmetry and location in the middle of the shield represents rationality. The kris and red text signify bravery, while the cotton plant represents the Bone people's struggle for independence. The white banner stands for purity and holiness.
History.
Bone Regency was home to Bone state, an "adat"-based Bugis kingdom which was founded by ManurungngE Rimatajang in 1330. It later entered an alliance with the Wajo and Soppeng kingdoms for mutual defence. This alliance became known as "LaMumpatue Ri Timurung".
In 1605, during the reign of the tenth king of Bone Latenri Tuppu Matinro Ri Sidenreng, Islam entered Bone and caused a change in local culture, including a renaming of various aspects of the regal system. Bone State later enjoyed a period of prosperity in the middle of the 17th century.
In May 1950, the people held demonstrations in Watampone against the royalty and Bone's membership in the State of East Indonesia. This caused the sultan to step down and join Indonesia.
Economy.
The majority of Bone residents are farmers, commercial gardeners, and fishermen. In the area near the Gulf of Boni, seaweed, crabs, shrimp, and milkfish are the main source of income. Seaweed 
production averages 3,821.5 tonnes per annum, while catches of shrimp, crabs, and milkfish average 4,318 tonnes, 2,061 tonnes, and 4.964 tonnes per annum each. Catches of other fish, mainly tuna, average 73,763.5 tonnes per annum.
Transportation.
Bone's sea transportation is handled by five harbours, a larger one located in East Taneteriattang named Bajoe and four smaller ones.

</doc>
<doc id="31153018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153018" title="Inequality in Bolivia">
Inequality in Bolivia

Inequality in Bolivia.
Gini coefficient data from The World Factbook (CIA) and the United Nations indicate that income inequality in Bolivia has decreased from 2000 to 2010 (approximately from 58 to 53, GINI-Index).
Indigenous and Non-Indigenous Inequality.
Bolivia is one of the most culturally diverse societies in Latin America, with approximately 35 different ethnic groups. Official figures from the Bolivian 
Population Census 2001 estimates that approximately 62% of the total population are indigenous in 2001.
However, this majority of the population remain highly marginalized in economic terms and continue to live in extreme poverty. In Bolivia, mean income per capita in indigenous households was about 300 Bolivian Bolivianos per month in 2001 compared with 480 Bolivian Bolivianos for non-indigenous households. This gap can partly be explained by the fact that the largest source of income among the non-indigenous is non-agricultural wages, while the most important source of income for indigenous families, is agricultural self-employment which tend to be lower on average. By factoring out the difference in income due to types of employment, indigenous families still receive lower average incomes compared to non-indigenous families even within each category of employment. It should also be noted that the differences in income might also be due to differences in worker characteristics. However, neither labour market experience nor female participation seems to drive the differences in incomes. Education has appeared to have the biggest correlation with the disparity in income.
Ethnic Education Gap.
The main social indicators by the (such as illiteracy rate, mother and child mortality; primary and secondary enrolment rates) also indicate that indigenous peoples have significantly less access to social services than non-indigenous peoples. While non-indigenous people (age 15 and older) completed on average 9.6 years of education, indigenous peoples only completed 5.9 years.
In spite of the significant progress Bolivia has made in enhancing access to education in terms of overall school enrolment rates in the last decade, a high drop-out rate, especially among indigenous children is responsible for a persistent education gap between the indigenous and non-indigenous, with 42.4% of indigenous students dropping out before completing primary school compared to only 17.6% of non-indigenous students.

</doc>
<doc id="31153020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153020" title="Stefano Vagnini">
Stefano Vagnini

Stefano Vagnini (born 1963) is an Italian musician, composer, poet and Modular Art theorist who lives and works in Italy and in the United States.
Biography.
Stefano Vagnini was born in Fano, Italy.
Stefano Vagnini studied organ, composition and electronic music at the “G. Rossini” conservatory in Italy and at Georgia State University in Atlanta, USA. He earned a degree in organ, organ composition with Professor Armando Pierucci and in electronic music with Professor Eugenio Giordani at the Conservatorio Statale di Musica in Pesaro (Italy).
Organ masterclass with: Monserrat Torrent, Michael Radulescu, Liuwe Tamminga, André Isoir, Sarah L. Martin.
Stefano Vagnini has taught organ and composition at the Conservatories of Verona and L'Aquila (Italy).
Since 1986 he is the art director of the International Organ Festival at Santa Maria Nuova in Fano, Italy, where internationally acclaimed organists performed; inter alia Liuwe Tamminga, Michael Radulescu, Arturo Sacchetti, Gaston Litaize, Odile Pierre.
Since 1997 he developed a new composing methodology, specifically applied to music, called ModulArt.
Since 2003 together with soprano Giorgia Ragni, he formed a musical duo in art and in life called "Aidaduo".
"Aidaduo" research, elaborate and create new kind of concerts, Modular performances, giving seminars and conferences on Modulart in Universities around the world.
Works.
Concerts as organist and choir director in Italy, the U.S.A (’86,’08,’09,’10,'11), France (’89,’06)), Germany (’92,’93,’99,‘06,'12), Austria (‘99), Switzerland (’99,‘10), Russia (‘95), Brazil (’95,’98), Argentina (’95,’98), Uruguay (’95,‘98), China (’98), Africa (‘04), Spain ('05, '07) and England ('11), Scotland ('12), Korea ('13,'14).
Stefano Vagnini has conducted the Slave Song gospel choirand the Mezio Agostini opera choir, Fano, Italy.
Compositions and performances.
Ballet
Theater
Video
Organ solo
Organ and tape
Orchestra
Aidaduo.
Aidaduo Style is a combination of classical music (piano and soprano) incorporating literature, cinema and fine arts mixed with a constant innovative, experimental and ironic research.
Aidaduo Performance-shows
Piano solo
ModulArt.
ModulArt in a new composing methodology theorized and applied to music by Stefano Vagnini. The modular composition system extends its procedure to compositions licensed by the musician as completed works of art. To these compositions one can overlap new modules. The new modules can be added by the same author in a different moment or by different authors. Greek History University Professor Umberto Bultrighini describes "Vagnini's ability to satisfy old needs and combine them with modern technology. ModulArt as the key answer to the need of defining the artist's work, finding the right balance between art, audience and copyrights". Stefano Vagnini's "ModulArt" is theorized and applied in a theoretical book, in a book + DVD of modular poems and a cd. Writer, painter, and art theorist Gian Ruggero Manzoni described the modularity of Vagnini's compositions as “circular like the existence, his works are not finished, but merely stimulus for new voices”.
Vagnini's "ModulArt" in musical composition coincides and was developed independently during the same period of time with Leda Luss Luyken's ModulArt in the realm of painting. Both hold that the artist’s tools to creativity are virtually unlimited by way of "ModulArt".
ModulArt Projects
ModulArt Performances

</doc>
<doc id="31153026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153026" title="Enrekang Regency">
Enrekang Regency

Enrekang Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The principal town lies at Enrekang.
Administration.
Enrekang Regency in 2010 comprised twelve administrative Districts ("Kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153029" title="Jeneponto Regency">
Jeneponto Regency

Jeneponto Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The principal town lies at Bontosunggu.
Administration.
Jeneponto Regency is divided into eleven Districts ("Kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153031" title="Ypsolopha indecorella">
Ypsolopha indecorella

Ypsolopha indecorella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from France.
The wingspan is about 21 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31153032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153032" title="Luwu Regency">
Luwu Regency

Luwu Regency (Kabupaten Luwu in Indonesian) is a regency of South Sulawesi Province, Indonesia. The administrative capital lies at Belopa, since the former capital of Palopo became an independent municipality (city) in 2006, at which date Luwu Regency was split into Palopo city, North Luwu Regency, and East Luwu Regency, with the residue remaining as the new Luwu Regency. The first Regent of the reduced Luwu Regency was H. M. Basmin Mattayang from 2004-2009, then Ir. H. Andi Mudzakkar replaced him as Regent from 2009-2014 following the first direct election in Luwu. Luwu is well known for its natural resources, such as rice, cocoa, coconut, banana, "sagu" (sago), "rambutan", "langsat", and others.
History.
Luwu is named after the Luwu Kingdom, one of the three biggest kingdoms (and the oldest one) in South Sulawesi; the two kingdoms were Gowa-Tallo (which became Gowa Regency and Makassar) and Bone (which became Bone Regency). The name "Luwu" had been known from the 13th century when the first king of the "Lontara" period of Luwu was throned. In Luwu history, there are two periods; the Galigo period and the Lontara period.
The Galigo period is matched from La Galigo or I La Galigo (an ancient literature, the longest epic in the world) which founded by B.F. Matthes in 1888. By R.A. Kern, a Dutch historian, the Galigo period is described as pre-historic time. The other historians said Galigo as pseudo-history. In I La Galigo, there are three places that said; Wara, Luwu, and Wewangriu that always said as Tompotikka.
Sanusi Daeng Mattata, author of Luwu dalam Revolusi, said that Luwu word is taken from "riulo" which means divine extended from above. This name is related to oral tradition that sacred in Luwu. In that oral tradition said that this world is divinely extended from sky, paved, then blessed by abundant natural resources.
The origin of Luwu name is taken from other words too; "malucca" (Bugis Ware' Language) and "malutu" (Palili' Language) which both mean turbid or dark. Turbid means always full with contents like river color when flooded. Dark interpreted as forest and sago near to the beach. Then "malucca" and "malutu" become "malu" and then becomes "luwu".
C. Salombe in his book said that word 'Lu' in Luwu is taken from 'lau' word means sea or East. Salombe said Toraja is the way of Luwu people call the people who live in mountain or West. "To Raja" or "To Riaja" means people on the highland or people in the West. Luwu or "Lu" is the way of Toraja people call the people who live in beach or East or lowland.
Geographic Condition.
Geographically, Luwu is located on 2°3’45” to 3°37’30” South Latitude and 119°15” to 121°43’11” West Longitude.
Administrative borders are:
Luwu is split into two separate areas by the city of Palopo in the middle. The northern area comprises Walenrang, Walenrang Timur (East Walenrang), Lamasi, Walenrang Utara (North Walenrang), Walenrang Barat (West Walenrang) and Lamasi Timur (East Lamasi) districts - or Walenrang and Lamasi (abbreviated as "Walmas"). The southern area comprises the remaining fifteen districts tabulated below,
Administration.
Luwu Regency in 2010 comprised 21 administrative Districts ("Kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.
Natural Resources and Culinary.
The most known culinary in Luwu is "kepurung" ("kapurung", "pugalu", "bugalu", "kapeda") which is made from sago plant ("Metroxylon sago"). There is "dange" which is made from sago too. The other culinary is "pacco" and "bagea".
Luwu is known as a fruit producer, such as durian, "langsat" ("Lansium parasiticum"), rambutan, and many others.
Culture.
Luwu is the origin of the longest epic in the world, La Galigo that created before Mahabharata. Some manuscript of I La Galigo is saved in European Museums, like in Leiden University Library. I La Galigo manuscript is the story about Sawerigading and known well in Central Sulawesi, Southeast Sulawesi, Gorontalo, and through Malaysia.
On May 25, 2011, La Galigo manuscript in Leiden University Library was inscribed in UNESCO's Memory of the World Register affirming its world significance and outstanding universal value.

</doc>
<doc id="31153033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153033" title="Monroe (surname)">
Monroe (surname)

Monroe is a surname of Scottish origin.
People named Monroe include:

</doc>
<doc id="31153036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153036" title="The Potter's House Church (Stoke-on-Trent)">
The Potter's House Church (Stoke-on-Trent)

The Potter's House is a Christian church based in Birches Head, Stoke-on-Trent, England, UK. It was established by Phil Barber and a small group of leaders in 1992 out of the Swan Bank Methodist Church. It is part of the Methodist Church of Great Britain.
History.
The church was originally called Birches Head Christian Fellowship and, upon being established, took residence in the hall of the upper site of Birches Head High School. In November 2005 the church succeeded in purchasing the school building where they were meeting and created a community, church and enterprise centre called The Bridge Centre. The Bridge Centre provides community and conferencing facilities which are available for hire. In July 2006, the church leadership team made the decision to change the name of the church to The Potter’s House to reflect its mission as a city centre church and to symbolize its reinvention as a church ministering in the 21st Century. By January 2007 the work on the centre was mostly complete.
Services.
The church began by operating a single service at 10:30am every Sunday morning. This included Sunday school activities for anyone under the age of 13 which is known as The Lighthouse. In March 2009, the service reached full capacity resulting in the leadership team making the decision to create a second service. Currently the church operates two identical services taking place at 9:30am and 11:15am. 
Leadership.
Since establishing the church in 1992, Phil Barber has been the lead Pastor. In November 2010, he announced to the congregation that he would step down from senior leadership at The Potter's House in September 2012 and that he intends to hand over to Paul Nixon, currently serving as the Associate Pastor. Since this time Paul Nixon has stepped down and Anthony Clowes has taken up the role as lead Pastor alongside Lynne Frawley and Phil Barber.

</doc>
<doc id="31153041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153041" title="North Luwu Regency">
North Luwu Regency

North Luwu Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The principal town lies at Masamba.
Administration.
North Luwu Regency in 2010 comprised eleven administrative Districts ("Kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153043" title="Maros Regency">
Maros Regency

Maros Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. Almost all of the Regency lies within the official metropolitan area of the city of Makassar. The principal town lies at Maros.
Administration.
Maros Regency is divided into fourteen Districts ("Kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.
Twelve of the fourteen districts tabulated above lie within the official metropolitan area of the city of Makassar; the remaining two districts ("Camba" and "Mallawa") lie outside that area.
The longest cave.
The longest cave in Indonesia is Salukangkallang cave with 27-kilometer length. The cave location is Samangki Village Tourist Area (Kawasan Desa Wisata Samangki), but the entrance to the cave location sits in Labuaja village, which is a neighbour of Samangki village. Maros Regency is famous for its karst hill and cliff, which has a name of "The Spectacular Tower Karst".

</doc>
<doc id="31153049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153049" title="Pangkajene Islands Regency">
Pangkajene Islands Regency

Pangkajene Islands Regency (more accurately Pangkajene and Islands Regency - "Kabupaten Pangkajene Dan Kepulauan") is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. Notwithstanding the name, the regency lies primarily on the mainland of Sulawesi's southern peninsula, but includes the Spermonds Islands ("Kepulauan Spermonde") off the west coast of that peninsula. The principal town lies at Pangkajene, but there are a series of further towns like Lejang, Labakkang, Bontobonto and Segeri proceeding northwards from Pangkajene along the Trans-Sulawesi Highway.
Administration.
The Regency in 2010 comprised thirteen administrative Districts ("Kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153051" title="Sinjai Regency">
Sinjai Regency

Sinjai Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The regency is separated from the Bone Regency to its north by the River Tangka. It includes the Nine Islands ("Kepulauan Sembilan") off the east coast of the southern peninsula of Sulawesi, a group which form a district within the regency. The regency's principal town lies at Sinjai, a port situated on the east coast of that peninsula.
Administration.
The regency is divided into nine districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153055" title="Sidenreng Rappang Regency">
Sidenreng Rappang Regency

Sidenreng Rappang Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The principal town lies at Pangkajene.
Sidenreng Rappang (abbreviated as Sidrap name) is one of the districts in the province of South Sulawesi, Indonesia. The capital of the district is located in Pangkajene. This district has an area of 2506.19 km2 and a population of approximately 278 004 inhabitants. The original inhabitants of this area are Bugis worship obey and uphold the tradition of mutual respect and mutual help. Everywhere can be easily found a large mosque and permanent.
History.
Based Lontara ' At Ri Ri Timpakenna Tana'e Sidenreng 147 pages , is told about a king named Sangalla . He was a king in Tana Toraja . Having reputedly nine children, namely La Maddarammeng , La Wewanriru , La Togellipu , La Pasampoi , La Pakolongi , La Pababbari , La Panaungi , La Mampasessu , and La Mappatunru . As the eldest brother , La Maddaremmeng always suppress and intimidate the eight younger siblings , even her sisters royal provinces he seized all . Because all of his sister can not stand her sister's treatment , they agreed to leave Tana Toraja . Because tiring journey , they thirst and seek the way to the edge of a puddle of water on the edge of the lake . However , it turned out to be a lake in the dense forest , making it difficult for them to achieve it . Because it has to penetrate the dense undergrowth , they too Sirenreng - renreng ( holding hands ) . Arriving there , they drink it up and sitting down, then shower . After that , they discussed exchanging ideas about fate they see themselves living. Finally , they agreed to live in that place . There they begin a new life for farming , gardening , fishing , and farming . Increasingly, his followers even more . The place was then known as " Sidenreng " , which is derived from the word Sirenreng - renreng find your way to the edge of the lake , and the lake that is now known as Sidenreng lake . From there , formed the kingdom Sidenreng .
Historically , Sidenreng Rappang originally consisted of two kingdoms , each kingdom and empire Sidenreng Rappang . Both kingdoms are very familiar . So familiar , so it is difficult to find the dividing boundary . Even in matters of royal seat turnover , both can co-exist . Often indigenous stakeholders Sidenreng precisely fill the seat of the kingdom by selecting the Rappang community . Vice versa , when the empire Rappang empty seats , they can choose from the royal Sidenreng . That is why , it is difficult to find the dividing line of the two kingdoms . Dialects of the same language , physical form is not different , the language is also similar on a daily basis . Even if there are differences that stand out , just from its geographical position alone . Rappang region occupies the northern position , while the kingdom Sidenreng are in the South.
Both these kingdoms each have their own system of government . At the head of the royal administration degree Sidenreng Addatuang . In Addatuang government , the decision comes from three sources , namely , the king , and the people indigenous stakeholders . While the title of king in the Kingdom Rappang White Rappang pemerintahanya joints and lean on the people's aspirations . Democracy has been implemented at every policy decision . Democracy for Rappang kingdom is something very important , democracy is a form of denial of gender discrimination . The gender difference is not a problem , especially for women to pursue a career as befits men . The proof , is the emancipation of women has been shown by a woman who becomes king , a king at me , the ninth king of the famous smart , honest , and brave . The woman who became known successfully run the government in his day .
At the time of recognition of the sovereignty of the republic of Indonesia by the Netherlands on December 27, 1949 , ended the dynasty of the Kingdom and the Kingdom Rappang Sidenreng . When the Earth Indonesia and then break away from the shackles of the invaders , when the cries of freedom reverberated throughout the archipelago , royal Sidenreng earlier indicate the nature of nationalism with the system is willing to let go of their kingdom . Though the system has a long , up to 21 times the turnover leaders . They chose to change and blend with the pattern of the Indonesian state administration . Kingdom eventually merged into the district Sidenreng Rappang , the first regent H. Andi Sapada Mapangile and for the first time in the history of government Sidenreng Rappang conducted elections for district heads directly on October 29, 2008.
In this area lived a figure that is well-known scholar of Bugis during Addatuang Sidenreng and Addatuang Rappang ( Addatuang is a kind of district administration in the past ) called ' Grandma Mallomo ' . He did not come from the royal family , but the versatility in our legal system and government to make his name famous enough . A legal order that is still perpetuated in Sidenreng , namely : Naiya Ade'e De'nakkeambo , de'to nakkeana , meaning truth, it does not recognize customary Father and the Son do not know . Grandma was issued wise words Mallomo ' when summoned by the King to decide the punishment for grandmother Mallomo son ' who stole a neighbor plow his field equipment . In Lontara ' La Toa , Grandma Mallomo ' akin to figures Bugis - Makassar other , like I Lagaligo , Puang Rimaggalatung , Kajao Laliddo and so on . The success of the rice harvest in Sidenreng because Grandma Mallomo firmness ' in carrying out the law , as seen in the culture of the local community in determining the planting period through consultation called Tudang Sipulung ( Tudang = Sitting , Sipulung = Gathered or can be translated as the Great Assembly ) which was attended by the Pallontara ' experts regarding Lontara book ' ) and indigenous leaders . Seeing the success Tudang Sipulung which was originally initiated by the second regent , Mr. Arifin Nu'mang Colonel before 1980 , other regions had already menerapkannya.Saat this Sidrap regents led by the youngest in Indonesia H. Rusdi Masse .
Vision and Mission.
Vision.
Brought Sidenreng Rappang as agribusiness development center, independent, cultured, and religious.
Topography.
Rappang Sidenreng lies at an altitude between 10 m - 1500 m from sea level. State of the topography in this area varies a flat area covering 879.85 km ² (46.72%), hilly area of 290.17 km ² (15:43%) and mountainous area of 712.81 km2 (37.85%).
Economy.
Sidenreng Rappang is a center of rice in South Sulawesi. It is mainly supported by a network of technical irrigation to irrigate rice fields throughout the year. Some of the existing irrigation network in Sidenreng Rappang include:
Irrigation Fur Cenrana, irrigate 6000 hectares of paddy
When the irrigation network, irrigate 5400 hectares of paddy
Irrigation Fur Timoreng, irrigate 5400 hectares of paddy
In addition to the major producer of rice in eastern Indonesia, the area is also a major producer of chicken eggs and duck eggs outside Java. Other agricultural commodities are cocoa, copra, cashew and kemiriserta forest products such as wood and rattan.
Trade.
Development in the field of trade have an intention in an effort to increase production and quality to enhance the competitiveness of products that are circulating in the community and stabilize the prices of basic needs of society.
With the growing business opportunities led to increased trading volume, which is also caused by the increase in the construction of the infrastructure built by the Local Government Sidenreng Rappang that have come to the rural outposts, so that the flow of commodities and services from production centers to the marketing centers very smoothly. In addition, the Local Government Sidenreng Rappang creating better business climate through increased business premises and construction of facilities, including facilities and infrastructure such as the market economy and the terminal.
Services and Industry.
The development of the industrial sector is directed to improving the quality and design of products aimed at enhancing competitiveness , so as to achieve a competitive market opportunities , both local , inter- regional , inter-island or export .
Type a growing industry in Sidenreng Rappang are industry : food , beverage , small industries , apparel , home furnishings industry , metal industry , and others .
Industrial development is concentrated on small-scale industries , medium and cottage industries ( home industry ) , the main target is still limited to the share of inter- regional or inter pasaar island . The development of the industrial sector increased empowerment through education , workforce training , and creating a business climate conducive to stimulate investors to support the industrial sector , both in the field of marketing and capital .
Industrial sector as one of the economic sectors is still potential for development , which is impacting on the economic sector as well as to drive the development of other sectors . Industrisebagai sector development sectors absorb considerable manpower especially Small Industrial Enterprises ( SMEs ) which could have an impact on the development process of the region , where the leading industrial sector will grow faster.
Profile and Status Sub Project.
In Financial Management reform agenda in outline there are eight (8) steps in implementation are:
Social Culture.
Education.
From year to year the entire community participation in education is increasing, it is due to a variety of educational programs that dicangkan government to further increase the chance people get an education bench.
Increased participation to obtain educational opportunities must be followed by a variety of education and improvement of physical facilities adequate educators. Educational facilities at sufficient Rappang Sidenreng, which means that there ranging from the level of kindergarten, elementary school, junior high, and high school.
Health.
Availability of health facilities such as hospitals, health centers, health centers (Pustu), Polyclinics and BKIA / Maternity Hospital during the year 2006 this number is relatively unchanged. In addition to the provision of health facilities to improve health services to the community, the health care supply business is also expected to be improved. Noted there are as many as two (2) pieces Hospital, 13 health centers, 37 sub health centers, two (2) Medical Center, 2 (two) BKIA / maternity hospital and 1 (one) Clinic. The medical personnel are available consisting of 18 physicians, 10 dentists, 97 nurses, 84 midwives, and 82 other health workers.
Potential Areas.
Food Crops and Horticulture.
Potential natural state supported by people who are mostly farmers allow various types of plants can be developed, both for small and large scale.
Development of Agriculture and horticulture crops provide an advantage for Sidenreng Rappang, whose economy is based on agriculture sector, with a wide, potential and even geography was conducive to the development of this sector. In the development of this sector fully supports the government programs intended to help farmers and improving the standard of living.
Featured commodities Sidenreng Rappang Agriculture and Horticulture Food Crops include: Rice, Corn, Cassava, Sweet Potato, Peanuts, Soybeans, Green Bean, Cucumber, Eggplant, Large Chilli, chili, tomatoes, beans length, kale, Spinach, Banana, Guava, Mango, Citrus Siam, Papaya, Salak, Jackfruit, Breadfruit.
Potential Plantation.
Plantation sector development directed at increasing production and productivity, improved quality of results and the development of agribusiness plantation commodities. The development of the plantation sector provide an advantage for Sidenreng Rappang because of geography that supports fully with programs intended to help farmers and improving the standard of living.
The plantation species developed in Sidenreng Rappang include: Coconut, Cocoa, Cashew, Pepper, Coffee, Tamarind, Clove.
Forestry.
The forestry sector is in Sidenreng Rappang namely: Protected forest, limited production forest, forest degraded land and forest preserves. More details Sindereng district forestry Rappang picture can be seen in the following table;
Livestock.
Livestock sector is the dominant sector in Sidenreng Rappang. This can be seen by the many farms, both large and small livestock farm. The pattern is just relying on the ranch for pasture land that is in a broad Kabypaten Sidenreng Rappang with 19 154 hectares, spread over nine (9) districts.
Especially small livestock (poultry), the sector is very potential to be developed viewed from various aspects, such as land aspects, socio-economic feasibility, infrastructure, etc..
Poultry population and Not Race Race (Native) is the largest population. For this type of laying chicken, in 2005 totaled 2,360,142 head, an increase of 2,503,721 head in 2006. As for the chicken Buras, also increased the number of tails 1,661,669 in 2005, and in 2006 amounted to 1,761,401 head.
Tourism.
Geographically located belt Sidenreng Rappang trajectory major tourist destination areas in South Sulawesi, namely Tanah Toraja (Tator), so it is a very big district opportunities to attract foreign visitors to stop for a moment or even overnight while enjoying the typical traditions of the local community.
Thus, for the future, in addition to Sidenreng Rappang as well as tourist traffic route to the destination path tourist attractions that already exist today although its existence has not been too well known.
Tourist destination in Sidenreng Rappang that can be used as a primary goal, among others, are: DataE Travel Park, Studio Art Nene 'Mallomo, Lake Sidenreng, Thermal Baths, Nature Park, Niagara, Horse Racing, Toda Bojo Agro Tourism, etc .
Communication.
Telecommunications infrastructure development directed at increasing the flow of information on a region to another , which is expected to spur economic activity between regions .
One of telecommunications facilities in the district are Sidenreng Rappang Postal Service . The number of existing service facilities Heading 4 (four ) pieces Pangkajene the Post Office , Post Office Rappang , Amparita Post Office and Post Office Tanru Tedong .
In addition to the Post Office , that there are other means of telecommunication in Sidenreng Rappang is Phone . This communication services implemented by PT Telkom to facilitate communication between people who use cable telephone services , in addition to the user 's cell phone or mobile phone services , with the installation of antennas ( BTS ) from PT Telkomsel and PT Satelindo for certain areas such as the District and surrounding MaritangngaE , District Panca Flint , District Five Lautang , and District Two PituE , hence the need for telecommunications, particularly mobile phones can be served in Sidenreng Rappang , although for the time being is still limited existence .
Transportation.
Rappang Sidenreng within ± 200 km from Makassar and lies at the intersection between the lines to Palopo and Toraja. To get to this area is by bus or Toraja Palopo majors, general passenger cars (Toyota, Suzuki APV, Izusu Panther) and minibuses.
Culinary.
If you in Sidenreng rappang, Tanru Tedong precisely in the area, do not forget to stop by there unique culinary dining, Cawiwi. Snacks such as fried grouse with matching distinctive sauce and lime juice. Cawiwi is somewhat unique flavor, similar to chicken liver with the soft texture of the meat. One portion is rather expensive, which is Rp.35.000,- complete with rice and gravy soup. The price is commensurate with the peculiar, because grouse are wild birds and can not be bred. And the food itself can only be found in this area. And if you happen to eat at a place we eat, point Prosperity Tuberose No. Jl. 119 Tanru Tedong (near the bridge), whose name shall also try Palekko Ducks. Palekko duck tastes like curry, and is special because it uses duck.
Administration.
Sidenreng Rappang Regency in 2010 comprised eleven administrative Districts ("Kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153057" title="Takalar Regency">
Takalar Regency

Takalar Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province, Indonesia. The entire regency lies within the official metropolitan area of the city of Makassar (the area is known as "Mamminasata"). The principal towns are at Galesang and Takalar, but the administrative centre is at Pattallassang.
Administration.
The regency is divided into nine districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153061" title="Clervaux Castle">
Clervaux Castle

Clervaux Castle (Luxembourgish: "Schlass Klierf", German: "Schloss Clerf", French: "Château de Clervaux") in the town of Clervaux in northern Luxembourg dates back to the 12th century. Destroyed by fire in the Second World War during the Battle of the Bulge, the castle has now been fully rebuilt. It houses the commune's administrative offices as well as a museum containing an exhibition of Edward Steichen's photographs.
Location.
The castle stands at a height of 365 metres on a rocky spur above the town, surrounded on three sides by a loop in the River Clerve. 
History.
The oldest parts of the castle from the 12th century were built by Gerard, Count of Sponheim, a brother of the Count of Vianden. The large palace and the rounded towers are probably from around 1400 when the prosperous Lords of Brandenbourg lived there.
In 1634, Claude of Lannoy built the reception halls, including the large Knights' Hall in the Spanish style of Flanders. In 1660, stables, storerooms and administrative buildings were added. Finally, in the 18th century, new stables were built.
Over the years, like other castles in Luxembourg, Clervaux fell into disrepair although it was partly restored and used as a hotel before it was finally destroyed in the Second World War during the Battle of Clervaux (December 16 to 18, 1944), part of the Battle of the Bulge.
The castle today.
After being fully restored after the war, the castle is now used partly as a museum and partly for housing the local administration. The south wing houses an exhibition of models of Luxembourg's castles, the old kitchen in the Brandenbourg House is a museum devoted to the Battle of the Ardennes while the upper floor house display photographs by Edward Steichen in an exhibition entitled The Family of Man. The remaining rooms are used for the services of the local administration.
Visiting times.
The castle is open to visitors every day except Mondays from 10 am to 6 pm. It is closed in January and February.

</doc>
<doc id="31153064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153064" title="Bombana Regency">
Bombana Regency

Bombana Regency ("Kabupaten Bombana") is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. It consists of part of the southeast peninsula of Sulawesi, together with the substantial offshore island of Kabaena to the south. The principal town lies at Rumbia.
Administration.
The regency is divided into 22 districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153069" title="Buton Regency">
Buton Regency

Buton Regency ("Kabupaten Buton") is a regency of Indonesia's Southeast Sulawesi Province. The capital is at Pasar Wajo, but the administrative centre is at Bau-Bau on the southwest of the island, although that city is administratively separate from the Regency.
Administration.
The Buton Regency was divided at 2010 into 21 districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.
However, in 2012 it was announced that the regency was to be split, with the southern districts forming a new Buton Selatan Regency, and the central districts forming a new Buton Tengah Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="31153071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153071" title="Ypsolopha kristalleniae">
Ypsolopha kristalleniae

Ypsolopha kristalleniae is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Crete and Turkey.
The wingspan is about 19 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31153072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153072" title="Kolaka Regency">
Kolaka Regency

Kolaka Regency ("Kabupaten Kolaka") is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province, Indonesia. The principal town lies at Kolaka.
On 14 December 2012, the Indonesian Parliament approved the establishment of a new East Kolaka Regency ("Kolaka Timur"), to be split off from the existing Kolaka Regency; the new regency - which came into effect in 2013 under Law No. 8 of 2013 - comprises the 9 districts detailed below.
Administration.
The Kolaka Regency was until 2013 divided into 20 districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population. In 2013, the 9 eastern "kecamatan" were removed to form the new Kolaka Timur ("East Kolaka") Regency, leaving the 11 western "kecamatan" in Kolaka Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="31153079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153079" title="Muna Regency">
Muna Regency

Muna Regency ("Kabupaten Muna") is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province of Indonesia, covering the island of Muna. The principal town lies at Raha, in Katobu District.
Administration.
The Muna Regency was divided at 2010 into 33 districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153083" title="North Buton Regency">
North Buton Regency

North Buton Regency ("Kabupaten Buton Utara") is a regency of Indonesia's Southeast Sulawesi Province, which was separated from Buton Regency in accordance with Indonesia's Law Number 14 Year 2007. The principal town lies at Buranga.
Administration.
North Buton Regency was divided at 2010 into six districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153086" title="North Kolaka Regency">
North Kolaka Regency

North Kolaka Regency is a regency of South East Sulawesi province of Indonesia. The principal town lies at Lasusua.
Administration.
The North Kolaka Regency was divided at 2010 into fifteen districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153089" title="North Konawe Regency">
North Konawe Regency

North Konawe Regency ("Kabupaten Konawe Utara") is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province, Indonesia. The principal town lies at Wanggudu.
Administration.
The North Konawe Regency was divided at 2010 into seven districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.
Wawolesea Karst.
Wawolesea Karst is rare and unique, 80 kilometers north of Kendari or just 10 kilometers from Tanjung Taipa Beach. There are a 500 meter square pond several meters from the beach with altar and travertine columns which formed by salty water hot fountain. The salty water came from tunnels below sea level and the hot water with temperature between 35 to 45 Celsius degrees came from active tectonic. The hot sandy around them is suitable for Maleo birds to bury their eggs which will hatch by hot sandy temperature. Anoa as endemic animal can be found also in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="31153091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153091" title="South Konawe Regency">
South Konawe Regency

South Konawe Regency ("Kabupaten Konawe Selatan") is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province, Indonesia. The principal town lies at Andoolo.
Administration.
The South Konawe Regency was divided at 2010 into 22 districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153092" title="Bob Garber">
Bob Garber

Robert Mitchell Garber (September 10, 1928 – June 7, 1999) was an American professional baseball player. The right-handed pitcher had a highly successful minor league career, twice winning 20 games and notching one 19-victory season, but made only two appearances in Major League Baseball for the 1956 Pittsburgh Pirates. Born in Hunker, Pennsylvania, he stood tall and weighed .
Garber's 20-win seasons came in 1949 and 1955. In 1949, he won ten games in the Class D Alabama State League and another ten after his promotion to the Class B Illinois-Indiana-Iowa League. During 1955, he went 20–16 at the top level of the minors, with the Hollywood Stars of the Open-Classification Pacific Coast League and led the PCL in strikeouts. In 1954, with the Denver Bears, Garber won 19 of 27 decisions, led the Class A Western League in strikeouts, and was selected to the all-star team. All told, he won 117 games, losing 81, during his nine-year career (1948–1950; 1953–1958).
He appeared in two MLB games with the Pirates in , both in relief — pitching one inning against the Philadelphia Phillies in May and three innings against the Brooklyn Dodgers in September after spending most of the season with Hollywood. In those four innings, he surrendered three hits (including a home run to Brooklyn's Gil Hodges) and one earned run, striking out three and issuing three bases on balls.

</doc>
<doc id="31153099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153099" title="NVA Holdings">
NVA Holdings

NVA Holdings comprises four companies that all operate in the sports, music, entertainment, fashion, TV, film and youth brand markets. It is based in London, England and was founded by its joint CEOs, Chris Nathaniel and Paul Boadi.
NVA Entertainment Group.
NVA Entertainment was founded in 2004 and is the part of the business primarily concerned with the representation of UK and international sports personalities. As of 2010, clients included the Manchester United Centre Back Rio Ferdinand, Brazilian footballer Robinho, Aston Villa Defender Curtis Davies, Chelsea Captain and England defender and Captain John Terry, as well as World Record holding sprinter Usain Bolt. NVA also is frequently retained as a specialist consultancy by football players and other groups who are seeking to purchase individual football clubs.
NVA has a specialist team giving clients access to an FA certified Sports agent and a specialist in Sports law as needed.
2NV Records.
Founded in 2004 by Paul Boadi and Chris Nathaniel the label has had a number of club chart hits and in 2007 the label’s debut mainstream release, “Heartbroken” made it to number two in the national charts just behind X Factor star, Leona Lewis’ hit single, “Bleeding Heart” and selling over 300,000 records. It also provided music consultancy for the ITV comedy special starring Rio Ferdinand, Rio’s World Cup Wind-Ups. 2NV Records also provided music for the BAFTA winning movie, Fish Tank.
2NV Marketing and Promotions.
Founded in 2008, 2NV Marketing and Promotions specialises in bringing global brands closer to the youth market through strategic partnerships with major music acts. 2NV has promoted the UK shows of global acts such as P Diddy, Usher, Lil’ Wayne, Mario and Destiny's Child. Since then, the company has worked with a variety of clients including Coca-Cola, BlackBerry, Sony PlayStation, Mars and Rock and Republic.
Next Generation TV and Film.
NVA’s TV and Film entertainment arm was founded in 2006. Its first major programme was the Rio’s World Cup Wind-Ups comedy special for ITV, starring Rio Ferdinand. . The company also has a number of feature films in development.
NVA Education.
NVA also prides itself on corporate social responsibility and community outreach. It was with this in mind that NVA Education was founded in 2007. This was kicked off with a music course in conjunction with Croydon Council and 2NV Records, which was designed to give young people an insight into the opportunities within the music industry.

</doc>
<doc id="31153102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153102" title="Banggai Islands Regency">
Banggai Islands Regency

The Banggai Archipelago () is a group of islands, which are located at the far eastern end of Central Sulawesi, Indonesia. It makes up a newly established regency ("kabupaten") of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia, created by splitting the existing Banggai Regency into a new Banggai Regency situated on the mainland of Sulawesi (capital, Luwuk) and a Banggai Islands Regency comprising the offshore islands (capital, Banggai town). The archipelago is surrounded by the Banda Sea's Gulf of Tolo ("Teluk Tolo"), and the Molucca Sea. The Peleng Straits ("Selat Peleng") separate it from mainland Sulawesi.
Islands.
Administratively: (2010 census)
Administration.
The Banggai Islands Regency was divided at 2010 into twelve districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.
Transportation.
Merpati Nusantara Airlines services the islands from Palu (the capital of Central Sulawesi Province). There is also a bus service via Luwuk and thence by boat or ship to Banggai.
Endangered Banggai cardinalfish.
The Banggai Islands are home to the Banggai cardinalfish, a small endemic tropical cardinal fish with a big mouth which can be found at least in 10 locations.

</doc>
<doc id="31153103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153103" title="Virgil's Tomb (Joseph Wright paintings)">
Virgil's Tomb (Joseph Wright paintings)

"Virgil's Tomb" is the title of at least three paintings completed by Joseph Wright of Derby between 1779 and 1785.
Description.
The subject of these paintings is a fruit of Wright's Italian tour undertaken in 1773-1775. These three depict the ruined structure near Naples that was traditionally identified as the tomb of the Latin epic poet Virgil. The earliest of the three, dated to 1779, includes the figure of Silius Italicus, a slightly later poet known to have been an admirer of Virgil.
Siliacus Italicus owned the tomb and its surroundings and organized pilgrimages for other admirers of the poet.
In total, Wright used the subject in seven paintings. He sent one of the paintings to poet William Hayley who returned the favour by writing "Ode to Mr Wright of Derby".
Unlike Wright's paintings of candlelit scenes, the views of Virgil's tomb are "flooded with oppressive lunar light". They reflect from a stage of Wright's artistic development when "he held a delicate balance between what actually was there, and what he liked to construct out of what was there" .
Provenance.
One of the paintings was given to William Hayley who gave it to the artist Amelia Opie. When she died it went to Thomas Brightwall. Another of the paintings was reputedly in the possession of Rev. Thomas Gisborne whom Wright visited in his estate near Needwood Forest. This painting was owned by the Barton Blount estates in 1968 and by 1981 it was sold by Miss Ward to Derby Museum and Art Gallery for £12,000. The picture with Silius Italicus in Derby Museum is, according to Benedict Nicolson, not necessarily by Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="31153106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153106" title="Eugene Hughes (Gaelic footballer)">
Eugene Hughes (Gaelic footballer)

Eugene "Nudie" Hughes is a former Gaelic football player for Monaghan.
Playing career.
Nudie helped Monaghan to victory in the 1985 National Football League Final defeating Armagh and he collected three Ulster Senior Football Championship medals in 1979, defeating Donegal, in 1985, beating Derry and again in 1988, defeating Tyrone in Clones. Nudie was the first Monaghan man to receive an All-Star Award and featured regularly on All-Star teams selected in 1979, 1985 and 1988. He collected a Railway Cup Medal with Ulster in 1984 and he was listed at number 115 in The 125 greatest stars of the GAA lists.

</doc>
<doc id="31153109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153109" title="Ypsolopha lonicerella">
Ypsolopha lonicerella

Ypsolopha lonicerella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the eastern part of the Carpathian Mountains.
The wingspan is about 18-20 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31153114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153114" title="Manole Pass">
Manole Pass

Manole Pass (, ‘Prohod Manole’ \'pro-hod ma-'no-le\) is the ice-covered saddle of elevation separating Veregava Ridge from Doyran Heights in the east foothills of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. It is part of the glacial divide between the upper courses of Dater Glacier to the southwest and its tributary Hansen Glacier to the northeast.
The saddle is named after the settlement of Manole in Southern Bulgaria.
Location.
Manole Pass is centred at , which is east-northeast of Mount Vinson, east-southeast of Vanand Peak, southeast of Parangalitsa Peak, south by west of Mount Waldron, west of Mount Tuck and north of Prosenik Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31153119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153119" title="1996 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament">
1996 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament

The 1996 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament was held from March 1–4, 1996 at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was VCU, who received an automatic bid to the 1996 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="31153121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153121" title="Autumn Crocus (film)">
Autumn Crocus (film)

Autumn Crocus is a 1934 British romance film directed by Basil Dean and starring Ivor Novello, Fay Compton and Muriel Aked. A teacher falls in love with the married owner of the guest house in which she is staying during a holiday to Austria. It was based on the play "Autumn Crocus" by Dodie Smith. The film was made at Ealing Studios, with art direction by Edward Carrick. It was the final film appearance of its star, Ivor Novello.

</doc>
<doc id="31153122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153122" title="Down in New Orleans (song)">
Down in New Orleans (song)

"Down in New Orleans" is a jazz song from Disney's 2009 animated film "The Princess and the Frog", written by Randy Newman. Several versions of the song were recorded for use in different parts of the film and other materials. The song was nominated for Best Original Song at the 82nd Academy Awards but lost to "The Weary Kind" from "Crazy Heart".
The full version of the song appears at the title sequence in the film, performed by Dr. John. The song introduces the city of New Orleans and foreshadows the manipulations of Dr. Facilier, the film's main villain. This is the first full song in the movie and the only one during the film not sung by one of the characters (Ne-Yo's "Never Knew I Needed" appears only over the closing credits).
Tiana sings both a prologue to the song at the opening of the film, and a shorter version of the song as a finale at its end. Anika Noni Rose, the voice of Tiana, also performed the song in full for "The Princess and the Frog: Tiana and her Princess Friends" along with songs by other Disney Princesses, including "Happy Working Song", another Academy Award-nominated song. A year before the film came out in theatres, Randy Newman himself performed the song at the 2008 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival.
The song was nominated for Best Song at the 53rd Grammy Awards; in this category and the Academy Award it lost to "The Weary Kind". "Almost There", another song from the film, performed by Tiana (Anika Noni Rose), was also nominated for the Oscar.

</doc>
<doc id="31153128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153128" title="Morowali Regency">
Morowali Regency

Morowali Regency is a regency of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The principal town lies at Bungku.
History.
In 1999, Morowali Regency was created out of a portion of Poso Regency.
Administration.
The Morowali Regency was divided at 2010 into fourteen districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153141" title="The Best (band)">
The Best (band)

The Best was a short-lived supergroup featuring Keith Emerson (of Emerson, Lake & Palmer) on keyboards, John Entwistle (of The Who) on bass and vocals, Joe Walsh (Eagles, James Gang, and solo fame) on guitar and vocals, Jeff "Skunk" Baxter (Steely Dan, the Doobie Brothers) on guitar, and Simon Phillips (the Jack Bruce Band, 801, the Jeff Beck Group; later of Toto) on drums. Relative unknown Rick Livingstone sang lead vocals (along with Walsh and Entwistle). Backing vocals were provided by Hamish, Angus and Fergus Richardson of the band Brother.
In a 1994 interview posted on The Who mailing list Entwistle said that The Best had toured Japan, and that an American tour had been planned but never came to fruition. In the same interview he also noted that drummer Zak Starkey had also been "in the band a while", presumably before Phillips joined.
In 2010, a DVD of the band's September 26, 1990 performance in Yokohama, Japan was released.

</doc>
<doc id="31153144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153144" title="Parigi Moutong Regency">
Parigi Moutong Regency

Parigi Moutong Regency is a regency of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The principal town lies at Parigi.
Administration.
Parigi Moutong Regency was divided at 2010 into twenty districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153145" title="Bryan Park">
Bryan Park

Bryan Park may refer to several places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="31153146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153146" title="Claire Watt-Smith">
Claire Watt-Smith

Claire Watt-Smith FRSA (born 1994) is an English entrepreneur.
Watt-Smith studied at Royal Holloway, University of London, gaining a BSc in Management Studies with French in 2005 and a Masters in European Business and Spanish in 2006. She set up BoBelle in 2008, a luxury accessories company.
In 2008, Watt-Smith was named one of the Future 100 Young Entrepreneurs Of The Year. She was nominated for the Daily Mail's "Enterprising Young Brit" competition. She has taken part in the Inspire & Mentor campaign of the magazine "Marie Claire", in association with The Prince’s Trust.
Watt-Smith was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31153149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153149" title="Sela pri Vrčicah">
Sela pri Vrčicah

Sela pri Vrčicah (; in older sources also "Sela pri Brčicah", ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31153150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153150" title="Poso Regency">
Poso Regency

Poso Regency is a regency of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The principal town lies at Poso.
History.
In 1999, Morowali Regency and Tojo Una-Una Regency were created out of portions of Poso Regency. In 2007 there were calls to divide the remaining Poso Regency into two regencies in order to overcome religious-based conflicts; one regency would by named Tentena Regency (comprising the first eleven "kecamatan" listed below, while the remaining Poso Regency would consist of the last seven "kecamatan" listed below
Administration.
The Poso Regency was divided at 2010 into eighteen districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153155" title="Sigi Regency">
Sigi Regency

Sigi Regency is a regency of Central Sulawesi, Indonesia. The principal town lies at Sigi Biromaru.
Administration.
The Sigi Regency was divided at 2010 into fifteen districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
<doc id="31153162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153162" title="Tojo Una-Una Regency">
Tojo Una-Una Regency

Tojo Una-Una Regency is a regency of Central Sulawesi, Indonesia. The principal town lies at Ampana.
History.
In 1999, Tojo Una-Una Regency was created out of a portion of Poso Regency.
Administration.
The Tojo Una-Una Regency was divided at 2010 into nine districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.
Dive sites.
Based on Badan Koordinasi Survei dan Pemetaan Nasional (Bakosurtanal) or Coordinating Agency for Surveys and Mapping, there are 33 dive sites disperses from north to south beaches of Togian Islands with fringing reef, barrier reef, patch reef and atol. The area has the third most of biodiversity in the world and is a series of Bunaken National Marine Park and Raja Ampat Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="31153166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31153166" title="Toli-Toli Regency">
Toli-Toli Regency

Toli-Toli Regency is a regency of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The principal town lies at Toli-Toli, a port on the coast of Baolan District.
Administration.
The Toli-Toli Regency was divided at 2010 into ten districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population.

</doc>
