<doc id="31187124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187124" title="ITU-T Y.1564">
ITU-T Y.1564

ITU-T Y.1564 is an Ethernet service activation test methodology, which is the new ITU-T standard for turning up, installing and troubleshooting Ethernet-based services. It is the only standard test methodology that allows for complete validation of Ethernet service-level agreements (SLAs) in a single test.
ITU-T Y.1564 is designed around three key objectives: 
ITU-T Y.1564 defines an out-of-service test methodology to assess the proper configuration and performance of an Ethernet service prior to customer notification and delivery. The test methodology applies to point-to-point and point-to-multipoint connectivity in the Ethernet layer and to the network portions that provide, or contribute to, the provisioning of such services. This recommendation does not define Ethernet network architectures or services, but rather defines a methodology to test Ethernet-based services at the service activation stage. In particular, it is aimed at solving the deficiencies of RFC 2544 listed below.
Existing test methodologies: RFC 2544.
The Internet Engineering Task Force RFC 2544 is a benchmarking methodology for network interconnect devices. This request for comments (RFC) was created in 1999 as a methodology to benchmark network devices such as hubs, switches and routers as well as to provide accurate and comparable values for comparison and benchmarking.
RFC 2544 provides engineers and network technicians with a common language and results format. The RFC 2544 describes six subtests:
From a laboratory and benchmarking perspective, the RFC 2544 methodology is an ideal tool for automated measurement and reporting.
From a service turn-up and troubleshooting perspective, RFC 2544, although acceptable and valid, does have some drawbacks:
Service definitions.
The ITU-T Y.1564 defines test streams (individually called a "Test Flow") with service attributes linked to the Metro Ethernet Forum (MEF) 10.2 definitions.
Test Flows are traffic streams with specific attributes identified by different classifiers such as 802.1q VLAN, 802.1ad, DSCP and class of service (CoS) profiles. These services are defined at the UNI level with different frame and bandwidth profile such as the service's maximum transmission unit (MTU) or frame size, committed information rate (CIR), and excess information rate (EIR).
A single Test Flow is also able to consist of up to 5 different frame sizes called an EMIX (Ethernet Mix). This flexibility allows the engineer to configure a Test Flow very close to real world traffic.
Test rates.
The ITU Y.1564 defines three key test rates based on the MEF service attributes for Ethernet virtual circuit (EVC) and user-to-network interface (UNI) bandwidth profiles.
These rates can be associated to specific color markings:
Methodology.
The ITU-T Y.1564 is built around two key subtests, the service configuration test and the service performance test, which are performed in order:
Service configuration test.
Forwarding devices such as switches, routers, bridges and network interface units are the basis of any network as they interconnect segments. If a service is not correctly configured on any one of these devices within the end-to-end path, network performance can be greatly affected, leading to potential service outages and network-wide issues such as congestion and link failures. 
The Service configuration test is designed to measure the ability of DUT or network under test to properly forward in different states:
Service performance test.
As network devices come under load, they must prioritize one traffic flow over another to meet the KPIs set for each traffic class. With only one traffic class, there is no prioritization performed by the network devices since there is only one set of KPIs. As the number of traffic flows increase, prioritization is necessary and performance failures may occur.
The service performance test measures the ability of the DUT or network under test to forward multiple services while maintaining SLA conformance for each service. Services are generated at the CIR, where performance is guaranteed, and pass/fail assessment is performed on the KPI values for each service according to its SLA.
Service performance assessment must also be maintained for a medium- to long-term period as performance degradation will likely occur as the network is under stress for longer period of times. The service performance test is designed to soak the network under full committed load for all services and measure performance over medium and long test time.
The time frame to complete this section of the test is recommended to follow ITU-T M.2110 which mentions intervals of 15min, 2hour or 24hour allowing network availability to be determined.
Metrics.
The Y.156sam focuses on the following KPIs for service quality:
Vendor implementation.
Although fairly new, the ITU-T Y.1564 has already gained momentum in the test and measurement industry. Ixia, Anritsu, EXFO, JDSU, Netrounds and Sunrise Telecom are the first test vendors to implement the ITU-T Y.1564, offering Ethernet and multiservice test equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="31187146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187146" title="Media Access Project">
Media Access Project

The Media Access Project (or '"MAP") was a non-profit group that promoted the public’s interest before Congress and the US court system. MAP grew out of a 1960s lawsuit against the United Church of Christ and was eventually formed in 1972 in order to advance the rights of the public wanting to participate in the democratic process. Some of their first cases involved two TV stations in Mississippi not catering to the African American Community, resulting in the stations almost being shut down. From that era and cases came the thought "that members of the viewing and listening public have the legal right, derived from the First Amendment, to participate in FCC proceedings." Their most common way of fighting cases was through lobbying. The group suspended operations on May 1, 2012.
Issues addressed.
Comcast NBC-Universal deal.
On January 18, 2011, cable and internet giant Comcast acquired NBC Universal in a blockbuster deal. At the time, Comcast was the largest distributor of video services in the United States. The FCC voted in favor of it by a 4-1 count. The deal gave Comcast a 51% ownership of NBC Universal, and "For Comcast, the purchase is the realization of its long-held ambition to be a major producer of television shows and movies". There was some concern about media consolidation, as expressed by Michael J. Copps, commissioner of the FCC. "Every citizen has a stake here,” given the size of the combined entity. “The lodestar for this review must be the public interest". The Media Access Project is concerned that the terms of the deal prevent competition, and could result in price gouging due to fewer media sources. Critics fear that "Comcast will act as a gatekeeper by limiting the ability of independent voices to get a slot on cable distribution systems, or by withholding NBC-Universal content from other platforms and providers".
Media ownership.
The issue revolves around the idea that those who control the media control what information people do and don't have access to. If you have an ownership group who is very bias toward, or against a certain argument, or cause, then the media that they own will only give one side of the story. According to Free Press "But these massive conglomerates — like General Electric, Time Warner and News Corporation — only care about the bottom line, not serving the public interest. And allowing these few firms too much control over the flow of news and information is dangerous for our democracy".
In 2003, the Media Access Project's lawyers filed a petition with the U.S. Court of Appeals, trying to nullify the FCC's media ownership rules that were going to take effect. The case was filed on behalf of Prometheus Radio Project of Philadelphia and the Media Access Project wanted to prevent the new media ownership rules until the judicial review was completed. The court ended up siding with the Media Access Project and struck down the FCC's new media ownership regulations.
On March 23, 2010, the U.S. Court of Appeals lifted a ban that had prevented media companies from owning both a TV station and newspaper in the same region, or market.
Part of the media ownership debate includes that of media concentration. Media concentration is when a large amount of media outlets are owned by a small number of companies. According to the MAP website, media concentration not only limits diversity, but also "threatens an outlet’s accountability to local communities, since big companies are often unfamiliar with a community’s specific needs." In the early 1980s, the Reagan administration started deregulating the broadcasting industries, which led to the trend of media consolidation. Media Access Project Director Andrew Scwartzman commented: "Deregulation has brought a new breed of broadcaster to whom public service matters less."
Net neutrality.
One of the larger issues that Media Access Project concerns itself with is the concept of Net Neutrality. However a concern that still comes up quite often is that ambiguity in network management may diminish opportunity and innovation within the internet business which in turn may lead to unfair competition. For MAP the main focus with net neutrality is urging the FCC to ensure that network operators do not block or slow down the transmission of certain types of online content. One of the bigger cases that lead to current net neutrality rules was in 2007 when internet service provider Comcast was caught directly manipulating or blocking their subscriber’s access to the popular file sharing service BitTorrent. MAP filed a petition with the FCC stating that Comcast had violated several of the agencies policies.
A more recent court case dealing with the current net neutrality rules being challenged by cellular giant Verizon Wireless was thrown out because the company supposedly filed the lawsuit prematurely. Specifically Verizon Wireless was challenging the Open Internet Framework and felt that the FCC had too broad of an authority for the new regulation of broadband network. However MAP senior vice president Andrew Schwartzman hinted that Verizon was trying to exploit the system saying “It was a blatant effort to steer the case to a sympathetic court, but the judges agreed that the appeal was prematurity was incurable.”
Spectrum access.
Spectrum access refers to the electromagnetic spectrum, which is a set of frequency bands that transmit electronic communications. According to their website, the Media Access Project has three principles involving spectrum management: “Spectrum belongs to the public, and the law prevents the FCC from turning it into private property; those with exclusive rights to use spectrum must also serve the public interest; and the public is best served by allowing as many people, institutions, and other entities to use spectrum space as technology will permit, the FCC should therefore expand unlicensed uses to the extent technology allows.” The MAP argues that allowing greater public access to the spectrum would allow greater social and economic growth.
In 2002, the FCC granted additional flexibility for spectrum use, which led to many public interest groups and wireless carriers to send comments about the policy change. The comments covered a variety of topics from redefining harmful interference and rural spectrum management. There was also a debate between whether or not there should be an increase in usable spectrum between public interest groups and wireless service providers.
The FCC allowed a new portion of high-frequency spectrum to be allocated for WiFi networks in 2003. The spectrum was open to any company and did not require the purchase of a license, but was limited by how much power a device could use to transmit the signal. Associate Director of the MAP, Harold Feld, claimed that combining a high frequency and low power limits would mean that the allocated spectrum would be too weak its intended purpose.
In 2007, the Media Access Project was a part of the Save Our Spectrum Coalition, whose goal was to allow consumers to use any equipment, content, application or service without interference or discrimination from network providers. The group wanted network providers to bid on the spectrum through separate affiliates operating under open access conditions. Later, the Media Access Project claimed that the incumbent companies that already owned spectrum access blocked new competitors from entering the market. The group stated that if the auction had been anonymous, smaller companies would be more likely to bid against the incumbent companies.
Notable staff.
Andrew Jay Schwartzman.
Andrew Schwartzman is a media attorney who has worked with MAP since June 1978. He is currently the Senior Vice President and Policy Director, and previously held the position of President and CEO. He has worked with MAP since He now holds the title of Senior Vice President and Policy Director.
Andrew represents MAP before "Congress, the FCC and the courts on issues such as cable TV regulation, minority and female ownership and employment in the mass media,“equal time” laws and cable “open access”.
The Media Access Project’s policy director Andrew Schwartzman developed an idea and filed a petition with the FCC in March 2011 “arguing that it should force political groups to disclose information about their top donors when they run political ads.” Schwartzman noted that the FCC had the ability to put this policy into act for several decades under the Communications Act of 1934. Previous rules only required disclosure from the group claiming responsibility for the advertisement. The specifics of the petition are that it “asks the FCC to revise its rules to require groups to disclose financial backers who contribute more than 10% of the group’s budget and on-air disclosures from donors who provide more than 25% of a television commercial’s budget or more than 33% of the cost of a radio commercial.”

</doc>
<doc id="31187215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187215" title="Backatown">
Backatown

Backatown is an album released by jazz musician Troy 'Trombone Shorty' Andrews. The album was released in 2010 on Verve Forecast Records and was produced by Galactic's Ben Ellman. It reached number 3 on the "Billboard" Jazz Albums Chart and was nominated for the 2011 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album.
Overview.
"Backatown" represents Andrews's national and major label debut. The tracks "In the 6th", "Hurricane Season" and "Backatown" pay homage to the culture and neighborhoods of New Orleans, Andrews hometown. He refers to his diverse musical style as 'supafunkrock'.
The album was nominated for the 2011 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album but lost to the Stanley Clarke album "The Stanley Clarke Band". The other nominees were "" by Joey DeFrancesco, "Now Is the Time" by Jeff Lorber, and "To the One" by John McLaughlin.
The band.
Guest musicians also contribute to the album's sound. Lenny Kravitz, who Andrews once apprenticed under as a member of his backing band, plays guitar and sings backup on "Something Beautiful". Marc Broussard contributes backing vocals on "Right to Complain". Allen Toussaint plays piano on the only cover on the album, a reworking of his own "On Your Way Down".
Reception.
Nate Chinen quipped in "The New York Times" that the album is "more polished and less thrilling than Trombone Shorty’s live shows" but goes on to call it "firm in its purpose with swagger to spare". He closed his review with "It’s a sound born of New Orleans, unmistakably, and if it heralds an ambitious ascent, it also attests to an unbroken spirit."
Noting the wide appeal of "Backatown", Carla Meyer of "The Sacramento Bee" wrote that it "provides comfort for fans of jazz, rock, pop, funk and however you want to classify James Bond theme music". Geoffrey Himes of "The Washington Post" compared Andrews's vocals to Stevie Wonder and noted that the album has "second-line rhythm that could only come from New Orleans".
Thom Jurek of Allmusic called the music "aural gumbo" and the album a "fingerpopping, butt-shakin' mix set" that "crackles and burns with an unburdened, unfettered, passionate live feel". He went on to call it "everything popular American music should be". Will Hermes of "Rolling Stone" said the album is "both deeply rooted and culturally omnivorous" and referred to Andrews as "a Katrina survivor trying to hold on to the old while building the new".

</doc>
<doc id="31187244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187244" title="Ocho Kandelikas">
Ocho Kandelikas

"Ocho Kandelikas" (English, Eight Little Candles) is a Jewish song celebrating the holiday of Hanukkah. The song is sung in Ladino, a Spanish-derived language traditionally associated with the Sephardic Jewish community, whose ancestors lived in Spain before the 15th century CE. The song is often performed in an Argentine tango-rhythm with accompanying accordion and violins. Despite its traditional-sounding tone, "Ocho Kandelikas" is a modern composition, written by the Jewish-American composer Flory Jagoda in 1983. The lyrics of the song describes a child's joy of lighting the candles on the menorah. The song has been recorded and performed by the Portland-based lounge orchestra Pink Martini, the multilingual rock group Hip Hop Hoodios, the London-based jazz flamenco group Los Desterrados, the female a cappella ensemble Vocolot, Hazzan Alberto Mizrahi ("the Pavarotti of modern Jewish cantorial music") and Yasmin Levy, an Israeli singer-songwriter of Judaeo-Spanish (Ladino) music.

</doc>
<doc id="31187245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187245" title="Gato Loco">
Gato Loco

Gato Loco is a New York City based band formed in 2006 by Stefan Zeniuk & produced/conducted by Clifton Hyde. They have two configurations, Gato Loco Coconino, and Gato Loco de Bajo. Gato Loco CocoNino has been positively reviewed by the press. The band was interviewed in 2011 by Radio France while on their European tour.

</doc>
<doc id="31187274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187274" title="James Malcolm (Royal Marines officer)">
James Malcolm (Royal Marines officer)

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir James Malcolm, KCB, was a Scottish officer of the British Royal Marines who served in the American Revolutionary War, in the Napoleonic Wars, and with noteworthy distinction in the Americas during the War of 1812.
Early life and background.
James Malcolm was born in Dumfriesshire, Scotland, on 13 January 1767, and died in Minholm, Dumfriesshire, Scotland, on 27 December 1849. James was the second son of George Malcolm of Burnfoot, and his wife, the former Margaret Pasley. James was thus the older brother of Admiral Sir Pulteney Malcolm RN; Major-General Sir John Malcolm, Madras Army; and Vice Admiral Sir Charles Malcolm, RN. The boys' maternal uncle was Admiral Sir Thomas Pasley, 1st Baronet.
Royal Marine officer.
Malcolm was commissioned in what would later become known as the Royal Marines in 1779 at the age of twelve. During the American Revolutionary War he was assigned to the Channel Fleet. In October, 1782, the fifteen year-old Marine Lieutenant participated in Howe's final relief of the British forces in the Great Siege of Gibraltar, and the subsequent Battle of Cape Spartel, under the orders of Admiral Lord Richard Howe, 1st Earl Howe. Royal Marine Captain James Malcolm fought at sea under the command of Vice Admiral Sir John Duckworth, 1st Baronet in the Battle of San Domingo. In the course of the fighting, in which Royal Marines played an important role, all of the enemy's ships of the line were either captured or destroyed. For his valour in that action, Captain Malcolm was brevetted a Major on the Army List with seniority in that grade dating 6 February 1806.
Seaborne, shore, and amphibious operations.
In July 1812 Brevet Major Malcolm was named to command the 2nd of the two Royal Marines Battalions which were then in service. He led the battalion in Spain until January 1813. In the spring of 1813 he sailed with his command to the North American and West Indies Station. Participating in operations on the Chesapeake in the summer of 1813, he was rewarded by a second brevet promotion, this time to Lieutenant Colonel, on the British Army List.
In October 1813 he accompanied his battalion to Canada. Together with a 200-man detachment of the Canadian Fencibles, the Marines formed a corps of observation and reconnaissance watching the American forces under Major General James Wilkinson.
In May 1814, Malcolm's 2nd battalion of Royal Marines served together with a mixed British expeditionary force of veteran Scotsmen, Swiss, Canadian militiamen, and armed sailors, which probed American outposts on Lake Ontario in the Battle of Fort Oswego. Malcolm's Royal Marines battalion made up about half of the actual landing force under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Karl Victor Fischer (1766–1821) of the De Watteville regiment, (a veteran Swiss regiment in British pay), which assaulted and carried the American positions. Both Fischer and Malcolm were praised for their active role in the action.
Lieutenant Colonel Malcolm commanded another battalion on the Chesapeake in the Battle of Bladensburg; the burning of Washington; and the Battle of Baltimore. Malcolm and his Marines continued to operate on the Atlantic coast, as far south as Georgia's Sea Islands and Spanish Florida, until the peace was established in May 1815. In addition to the brevet promotions on the Army List, Sir James Malcolm was knighted in 1815 as a Knight Commander of the Bath (KCB) for his valour and merit on the North American Station.
Later career and retirement.
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Sir James Malcolm continued to serve in the peace establishment until 1827.He advanced to the substantive rank of Major in the Royal Marines in 1821. In 1826 he was confirmed in the substantive rank of Lieutenant Colonel of the Corps of Royal Marines.
Sir James then retired to Dumfriesshire, Scotland, where he figured among members of his household on the 1841 Scotland Census.
Military promotions and distinctions.
Note: H.M. Marine Forces redesignated as Royal Marines 29 April 1802.
Sir James Malcolm disposed of his commission and left the Royal Marines on 6 November 1827. He was allowed to retain his rank and his name was carried ("in italics") on the annual British Army Lists from 1828 until 1850, (the year following his death,) as a Lieutenant Colonel with seniority dating from June 1813.
Together which such names as Sir Richard Williams, George Lewis, Sir Edward Nicolls, John Robyns, and Thomas Benjamin Adair, Sir James Malcolm figures prominently in the second volume of the still authoritative history of the British Royal Marines, Paul Harris Nicolas's "Historical Record of the Royal Marine Forces" in two volumes (London, 1845).
Portrait.
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir James Malcolm (1767–1849) of the Royal Marines sat for a portrait by the Scottish artist Sir Henry Raeburn. The mid 19th century lithograph was donated to the Reference Collection of the National Portrait Gallery in 1985 by Mrs Carey.

</doc>
<doc id="31187276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187276" title="Anything Other Than Naked">
Anything Other Than Naked

"Anything Other Than Naked - a guide for men on how to dress properly for every occasion," is a men's fashion self-help book published in January 2011 by Langdon Street Press. Written by business professional and former U.S. Air Force Captain Glen R. Sondag, the book was originally intended as a guide for Sondag's four sons. It instead turned into an illustrated guide on fashion basics, such as dressing for body type, choosing suits and accessories, fabrics, rules of office fashion, and clothing brand selection. As of March 2011 it is available in paperback and as an eBook.
Overview.
History.
Sondag claims he first developed his fashion sense and love of clothes from his mother, a skilled seamstress who made all her own clothes, and many of his. At a young age she taught him about fabrics, tailoring, fit, clothing construction, and dressing appropriately. Sondag, who graduated with a B.A. from the University of St. Thomas, worked at a men's clothing retailer while attending graduate school. While there he spent most of his earnings on clothing. Following service as a Captain in the U.S. Air Force, Sondag joined Merrill Lynch as a financial advisor in 1972, and formed The Sondag Group in Northbrook, Illinois with his son Michael in 1997. Sondag, who has been married to the same woman since 1969, claims he originally began writing "Anything Other Than Naked" as a "do's and don'ts" dressing guide for his four sons.
Content.
The book contains illustrated chapters on clothing tips for men, such as selecting and wearing each clothing item, matching suits, coats, shirts, and ties, choosing accessories, laundering, grooming, flattering your individual body type, and basic rules of office fashion (shoes should be darker than the suit, etc.). The book also covers what fashions are appropriate for different situations. Sondag, who is unsponsored by any clothing institutions, recommends a number of clothing brands, clothing stores, and catalogs that sell high-quality clothing at different price ranges.
Sondag acknowledges in the book that men often get little fashion guidance from each other, distrust fashion articles for men, ignore girlfriends' tips, and are often confused by terms such as "business casual." He has stated that "men rely on their instincts or whatever feels comfortable to them, often with disastrous results."
Publishing history.
The book was first made available in an eBook format on January 25, 2011 by book retailer Barnes & Noble. A paperback version was published by Langdon Street Press (English only) on February 14, 2011. The paperback is available on Amazon.com, where it is also sold in eBook form for the Kindle.
On January 18, 2011 Sondag was interviewed by "Best Ever You" on the book in a special one hour show. He is also a regular fashion columnist for "Best Ever You", a fashion and well-being blog. The book was reviewed in "Crain's Chicago Business" on March 14, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31187287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187287" title="At Dolphin Bay">
At Dolphin Bay

At Dolphin Bay is a Taiwanese drama that stars Angela Zhang, Ambrose Hsu, Wallace Huo, and Jill Hsu. The drama aired on 2003 in SETTV.
Plot.
Legend has it a dolphin once helped to reunite a pair of tragic lovers. From then on, the well-adored animal became the guardian of love. At Dolphin Bay, a tale of love and myth continues. 
Two children Zerya and Xiao Pin Gai met at an orphanage. Seeing the latter was often bullied by the other kids, Zerya rose to the occasion to become her gallant protector. Alas, the young couple parted ways when the director of a big company Hsu Ruogu arrived to bring his ‘grandson’ home. Zerya promised to come back for Xiao Pin Gai but as he was returning a few days later, Xiao Pin Gai was already leaving the orphanage with her new adoptive mother. He returns again 20 years later to fulfill his promise, but his childhood friend is nowhere to be found. 
At Dolphin Bay, Zerya meets a young woman Tianbian. Her strong and optimistic character draws him to her, and Tianbian is touched by all that Zerya does for her. Tianbian actually is Xiao Pin Gai, Zerya's good friend back at the orphanage. Just like Zerya, Tianbian was adopted by her current mother. Zerya who was adopted by the Hsu family is currently an important leader in the company, SET. He lived with his grandfather, his step-mother and his half-sister, Shan-Ni. 
While Zerya lived in a well-to-do family, Tianbian and her mother were frequently harassed by loan shark to pay back the money they borrowed from them. Touched by Tianbian's determination Zerya helped Tianbian to attend singing audition to select new talent in SET. Upon listening to Tianbian's singing, the music director Hsiao Kang instantly liked her voice and decided she will be SET's new voice for SkyWalk project, much to the dismay of SET's current singer, Mandy Chen. Being Hsiao Kang's lover during their working period, she viewed TianBian as a rival and vowed to challenge her. 
While working together, attraction blossoms between Zerya and Tianbian. However, Zerya soon found out that Tianbian was the real child his grandfather was looking for in the orphanage. Realizing that he had robbed Tianbian the opportunity of having the life he shouldn't, Zerya made a deal with the grandfather to marry Shan-Ni in return of acknowledging TianBian as his granddaughter. The situation was further complicated when Hsiao Kang fell for TianBian and Mandy became unreasonably jealous of this relationship. When Shan-Ni agreed to a fake marriage with Zerya, she actually fell in love with him and asked him to love her instead. As Zerya realized he could only love Tianbian, they found out Shan-Ni suffered from leukemia and had less than a year to live. He finally agreed to marry Shan-Ni out of pity while Tianbian decided to try loving Hsiao Kang who had helped her a lot. 
Meanwhile, Skywalk project ran into dead end when Mandy decided to use all resources and her promotion to deprive Skywalk from being covered by media and public. Tianbian's single slumped in the market and was scoring low for the season. Hsiao Kang did not give up and tried his best to support Tianbian out of his love to her to the extend he mortgaged his house to finance the album promotion. Luck turned to their sides when two foreigners who watched their performance in the street were actually two executives of internationally renowned perfume looking for brand ambassador in Taiwan. Tianbian was signed up for the advertisement and soon, her album picked up the market.
The fact that they looked like Tianbian and Zerya had decided to live separate lives improved Tianbian's relationship with Hsu family. She even grew closer to Shan-Ni and really took her as an elder sister. Realizing that Tianbian was also his granddaughter, the grandfather grew warmer and acknowledge her fully. They even came as a family to support Tianbian's concert. In this concert, Hsiao Kang finally realized he did not want to lose Mandy and they rekindled their romance. During the concert, Shan-Ni collapsed and was in critical condition. She finally died in Zerya's arms after asking him to find happiness. 
A few years later, Zerya was seen as the top leader in SET interviewed by a foreign journalist. Tianbian was coming back after a world concert. She visited the old orphanage where she met Zerya for the first time. She received a purple shell sent by Hsiao Kang to the orphanage. Apparently, Zerya received another purple shell and was heading to the orphanage at the same time. As she was walking away, they passed each other. Although Zerya did not see her, he realized it and asked for the car to stop. When he calls out to her with the name Xiao Pin Gai, TianBian turns around and runs into his arms. They hug and then share a kiss.
Remake.
It remade by Indonesia as "Kau Masih Kekasihku"

</doc>
<doc id="31187309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187309" title="Michael Rakowitz">
Michael Rakowitz

Michael Rakowitz is an Iraqi American Artist, best known for his conceptual art displayed in non-gallery contexts. He is an associate professor at Northwestern University.
Michael Rakowitz conceptual art is deeply political and focuses mostly on the Middle East namely Iraq which is where his family fled from. His artwork expresses a need and a want to discusses issues and make them more relatable.
In Rakowitz project return he reopens his grandfathers import and export business. The company initially functioned as a drop box. In 2005 it became a packaging center and sorting facility. Members of the Iraqi diaspora community and interested citizens were invited to send things to be shipped free of charge to recipients in Iraq. Rakowitz also wanted to explore the possibility of importing things clearly labeled Product of Iraq, he choose dates which were legendary in Iraq, with a yield of over 600 varieties. The first batch he tried to ship died in Syria but the second made its way all the way through different nations and different customs, the dates became a representative for an Iraq refugee traveling to a new life.When they finally made it to Brooklyn there people were eager to try them, this fruit that caused so many problems to get there asked questions and brought up memories.
One of his more notable projects is Enemy Kitchen. The Project began in 2004 in it Rakowitz complies Baghdad recipes with the help of his mother and then teaches them to public audiences. The first time this project was performed was with students who lived in Chelsea and went to the Hudson Guild Community Center. With the project in cooking and eating the food, it opens up the lines of communication allowing in this case the students to attach the word Iraq to food as a representative of culture and discuss it. The students discussed the war and compare it to their own lives. Later this project also included a food truck that roamed around Chicago. The food truck itself gives home to the Iraqi expat community and is another way of bring art down to a level that involves and interacts with people. Rakowitz says, "I see the truck as a potentially healing gesture, not that it has to be. I don't have delusions that it will perform the hard work of healing traumas. I do believe there can be an aesthetic of good intentions, but I'm leery of saying what those are. No, I'm not going to tell anyone it's art."
Rakowitz about how he sees his art: "As an artistic gesture I try to make an unlikely thing happen, and the impossible becomes possible. It's art because it's impossible for this to exist in the world."

</doc>
<doc id="31187311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187311" title="James Mountain">
James Mountain

James Mountain was a prominent lawyer, educator and academic administrator in Western Pennsylvania during the early 19th century. He was Master of Pittsburgh Academy (now University of Pittsburgh) from 1803-1807. He was also among the earliest instructors and leaders of Canonsburg Academy (later Jefferson College and now Washington & Jefferson College).

</doc>
<doc id="31187312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187312" title="Echinocereus chisoensis">
Echinocereus chisoensis

Echinocereus chisoensis is a rare species of cactus known by the common name Chisos Mountain hedgehog cactus, native to the Chihuahuan Desert Ecoregion of North America.
Varieties.
There are two varieties of this species, both rare.
"Echinocereus chisoensis" var. "fobeanus".
The variety "Echinocereus chisoensis" var. "fobeanus" is known only from around the border between Coahuila and Durango in Mexico.
"Echinocereus chisoensis" var. "chisoensis".
The rare var. "Echinocereus chisoensis" var. "chisoensis" is known only from alluvial flats in desert scrub habitat. The soil is rocky and gravelly. It is endemic to Brewster County, Texas, with all occurrences located within Big Bend National Park. It is a federally listed threatened species of the United States. Other plants in the area include creosote ("Larrea tridentata") and lechuguilla ("Agave lechuguilla"). Creosote and similar shrubs act as nurse plants for the cactus. 
The "incredibly spectacular" pink flowers of this plant have made it a target for cactus collectors, who are a major threat to the survival of the species. There are only about 1000 individuals existing.
Pollination.
Because it is self-incompatible, flowers of one cactus require pollen from another individual of the species for fertilization; when plants are rare and spread apart, the likelihood that a pollinator will stop at the plant and deliver the correct pollen is lower. When fruits are successfully produced, they are often taken by jackrabbits and rodents for food. Dry conditions may increase this herbivory and decrease pollinator abundance.

</doc>
<doc id="31187325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187325" title="Cancho Roano">
Cancho Roano

Cancho Roano (sometimes Cancho Ruano) is an archaeological site located in the municipality of Zalamea de la Serena, in the province of Badajoz, Spain. Is located three miles from Zalamea de la Serena in the direction of Quintana de la Serena Quintana, in a small valley along the stream Cagancha.
Cancho Roano is the best preserved Tartessian site. It dates back to at least the sixth century BCE, although the building was expanded and modified in later centuries. Based on the dating of objects found on the site, Cancho Roano came be estimate to date from 550 BCE. The site was destroyed in a fire no later than 370 BCE. The building appears to have been ritually burned and sealed in rammed earth in a manner similar to Etruscan ceremonies.
The main body of the building is square and oriented toward the east. The building is surrounded by a deep moat, which was permanently filled with water. Although Cancho Roano's exact function is unknown, the religious character of the site is undeniable due to the presence of altars; however, the site may be a palace-shrine, judging from its defensive system.
Excavations of the site, directed by John Maluquer de Motes, began in 1978 and continued through 2001. It was declared a National Monument in 1986. The site, along with an interpretation center, is open to the public.
Doctor Richard Freund theorizes that Cancho Roano was a "memorial city" designed to serve as a ceremonial representation of the lost city of Tartessos, which, in Freund's theory, was also Atlantis. Freund argued that a stele found at Cancho Roano displayed an image with concentric circles that matches Plato's description of Atlantis. Nonetheless, the symbol is not much more than a typical warrior shield engraved in the Southwestern Stelae from the Iberian Peninsula, of which there are many examples.

</doc>
<doc id="31187327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187327" title="Director of the United States Mint">
Director of the United States Mint

The Director of the United States Mint is the head of the United States Mint. The position is currently vacant following the resignation of Edmund C. Moy in January 2011. Richard A. Peterson was named Deputy Director of the United States Mint on January 25, 2011. The President nominated Bibiana Boerio to the position in September, 2012. [http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2012/09/19/presidential-nominations-sent-senate]
The position has been in continuous existence since the creation of the Mint by the Coinage Act of 1792. Initially appointed serving at the approbation the President of the United States, the Coinage Act of 1873 specified a five-year term for Directors.
The Director operates with general directions provided by the United States Secretary of the Treasury.

</doc>
<doc id="31187333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187333" title="Humanitarian response to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami">
Humanitarian response to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami

Following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan received messages of condolence and offers of assistance from a range of international leaders. According to Japan's foreign ministry, 116 countries and 28 international organizations had offered assistance to Japan. The magnitude of the earthquake was estimated at 9.0. This article is a list of charitable and humanitarian responses to the disaster from governments and non-governmental organizations. As of March 2012, donations to areas affected by the disaster totaled ¥520 billion and 930,000 people have assisted in disaster recovery efforts.
List of the top 20 donating countries.
1. – 2.99 billion yen (approx. $30 million)
2. – 2.92 billion yen ($29.6 million)
3. – 2.05 billion yen ($20.8 million)
4. – 1.07 billion yen ($10.8 million)
5. – 910 million yen ($9.2 million)
6. – 830 million yen ($8.4 million)
7. – 780 million yen ($7.9 million)
8. – 780 million yen ($7.9 million)
9. – 720 million yen ($7.3 million)
10. – 610 million yen ($6.2 million)
11. – 550 million yen ($5.6 million)
12. – 510 million yen ($5.2 million)
13. – 480 million yen ($4.9 million)
14. – 480 million yen ($4.9 million)
15. – 320 million yen ($3.2 million)
16. – 310 million yen ($3.1 million)
17. – 300 million yen ($3 million)
18. – 290 million yen ($2.9 million)
19. – 290 million yen ($2.9 million)
20. – 270 million yen ($2.8 million)
Requests.
Japan specifically requested teams from Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, the United Kingdom, Canada and the United States; it also requested, via its space agency JAXA, the activation of the International Charter on Space and Major Disasters, allowing diverse satellite imagery of affected regions to be readily shared with rescue and aid organizations.
Corporate donations.
Total corporate donations were US$130,008,543.

</doc>
<doc id="31187363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187363" title="Ana Brenda Contreras">
Ana Brenda Contreras

Ana Brenda Contreras (born Ana Brenda Contreras Pérez on December 24, 1986 in Río Bravo, Tamaulipas , Mexico), sometimes credited simply as Ana Brenda, is an Mexican actress and singer.
Biography.
Growing up between Houston and Tamaulipas, Ana Brenda Contreras moved to Mexico City at the age of 15, to participate in the reality show Pop Stars, where she was a finalist and member of the band, "t'detila". They recorded an album with the same name. In 2003, she joined the Center for Arts Education Televisa to study acting. In 2005, she appeared as Juanita in the telenovela "Barrera de amor", produced by Ernesto Alonso.
In 2006, Ana Brenda participated in a production of "Grease". That same year, she had a role in the novela "Duelo de Pasiones" as Claudia, which was produced by Juan Osorio.
In 2008, she starred in the film "Divina Confusion," directed by Salvador Garcini. She also starred as the protagonist "Violeta Madrigal" in the telenovela "Juro Que Te Amo," which was produced by MaPat."
In 2009, producer Carla Estrada offered her the role of antagonist in the telenovela "Sortilegio". In this novela, she played "Maura Albarran," a character who is in love with Alejandro Lombardo, the character played by William Levy. That same year, Ana Brenda was offered a role in the Mexican hit series "Mujeres Asesinas." She also had a part in the series "Tiempo Final".
In 2010, she portrayed Aurora, the best friend of the protagonist, in the remake of "Teresa". She played Carol in the musical "Timbiriche el Musical. "
In August 2011, she starred in the telenovela "La que no podia amar" as Ana Paula, the lead protagonist.
In 2013, Ana Brenda starred in Nathalie Lartrilleaux's telenovela: "Corazón indomable" alongside Daniel Arenas. It lasted 161 episodes.
Personal life.
Ana Brenda in April 4, 2013 she married Alejandro Amaya in a civil ceremony in Las Vegas. On May 14, 2014 Ana Brenda sent a press release informing the permanent separation with her spouse.

</doc>
<doc id="31187365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187365" title="Kesava Reddy">
Kesava Reddy

Kesava Reddy (), is a renowned Telugu novelist. Hailing from Andhra Pradesh state in India. In his writings he addresses many of the important social problems in India like poverty, prejudices, and superstitions, and encourages people to be socially responsible. He successfully bridges the idealistic and the popular styles of literature.
Early life and background.
Kesava Reddy was born in Thalapula Palli, Chittoor District, Andhra Pradesh to Ranga Reddy P, a farmer.
Bibliography.
Did his early education in S.V University, Tirupathi. Obtained MBBS degree from pandichheri medical college. Did his pg diploma in dermatology in CMC medical college, vellore. Worked as Medical officer in victoria hospital,dichpally, nizamabad. Now retired and settled in Nizamabad town.

</doc>
<doc id="31187410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187410" title="Kevin A Short">
Kevin A Short

Kevin A Short (born August 9, 1960) is an American painter and printmaker, recognized for his modern landscapes of the American Southwest and Pacific Coast. A surfer, he is considered an integral observer and portrayer of the surfing subculture. His use of heavy brushstrokes and vivid pigments are a recognizable trademark of his painting style.
Biography.
Kevin Short was brought up in a creative- and scientific-minded family, living originally along San Diego Bay, California, and later moving to Santa Barbara County. It was there that sailing, surfing, the ocean, and the beach began to fill all available time. As a boy riding his bicycle through town, he noticed surf posters with artwork by Rick Griffin stapled to the telephone poles, an early influence on the young artist.
A family move to Albuquerque, New Mexico became a formative influence in Short’s work: as a profound melancholy set in, he would find respite in painting and drawing the ocean. During these years, his feelings of being trapped in the desert began to change. Becoming a Hot Air Balloon Pilot and viewing the New Mexico desert from above gave Short a whole new appreciation for his new home. Though his parents were supportive of their son’s early artistic interests and obvious talent, Short’s desire to follow in his father’s footsteps as a scientist was his original vocational goal. This resolve was soon dashed, however, by conflicts with a High School Chemistry teacher. At the encouragement of Dorothy Black, a student of Lorser Feitelson, Short decided to reset his goals and study at the Art Center College of Design, Pasadena, CA. First, Short studied Painting at the University of New Mexico from 1978 to 1980, exploring Modernism, and Abstract Expressionism. Outside of classes, he painted murals and worked for the US Department of Defense, generating artwork for the Airborne Laser Laboratory’s Boeing NC-135.
In 1980, Short moved back to California to study at Pepperdine University in Malibu as a stepping-stone to entrance at the Art Center College of Design. 
Before graduating from Art Center, Short introduced himself to his childhood hero, Rick Griffin, and requested an apprenticeship. Griffin responded instead with an offer of friendship. Griffin became a source of guidance and influence from this point in Short’s life.
In 1984, Short graduated and began a career painting advertisements for:
PepsiCo, Microsoft, Xerox, IBM, The Walt Disney Company, and various Newspapers and Magazines.
Moving back to the beach inspired Short to resume painting the ocean and other subject matter relating to the surf subculture. 
After being featured on the cover of The Surfer's Journal, Peter Stoessel of Blue Rain Gallery (Santa Fe, New Mexico) encouraged Short to re-explore his paintings of the Southwest. Kevin now works out of his studios in Southern California and Durango, Colorado.
Education.
1984 Bachelor's degree Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, CA.
Selected Exhibitions.
In 2013 Kevin Short exhibited at the Carnegie Museum of Art in Ventura County, California. The retrospective exhibition “Diffusion” Paintings of Blinding Light featured a collection of “glare” paintings. 

</doc>
<doc id="31187468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187468" title="Charles F. Watkins">
Charles F. Watkins

Charles Franklin Watkins (September 28, 1872 – March 4, 1936) was an American physician, surgeon and physiotherapist. He played college baseball for the University of Michigan and later served as the coach of the Michigan Wolverines baseball team for three years. He moved to Billings, Montana in 1905 where he maintained a medical practice for approximately 30 years.
Early years.
Watkins was born in Mount Cory, Ohio in 1872 to Issac and Esther Watkins (née Corwin), and the youngest of eight children. Watkins moved with his family to Reed City, Michigan in 1878. Issac was a postmaster at Ashton, Michigan and was active in Democratic politics until his death in 1894. Watkins attended the public schools in Reed City and graduated from Reed City High School. Watkins first played organized baseball with the Derbies, a Reed City team sponsored by a cigar maker, and later played semi-pro baseball while working at a drugstore in Traverse City, Michigan.
University of Michigan.
Watkins enrolled at the University of Michigan intending to become a pharmacist. He received a degree in chemistry in 1898 and remained at Michigan as a medical student, graduating from its Department of Medicine and Surgery in 1901. While he was a student at Michigan, Watkins played for the Michigan Wolverines baseball team as a pitcher. He was known as "Watty" during his college baseball career and was reportedly "one of the first lefthanders to develop both a curved and a slow ball and once pitched a no-hit, no-run game." He was reported to have had "uncanny control" as a pitcher and was also a solid hitter, maintaining a batting average of .300 in the deadball era. Due to his desire to enter the medical profession, Watkins turned down many offers to play Major League Baseball, including an offer from the Cleveland Indians.
Watkins continued to be associated with the Michigan baseball team as the head coach in 1897, 1898, and 1900. Watkins wrote that his "most satisfying moment in sports" took place on May 29, 1897, when the team defeated the University of Chicago at the Detroit Athletic Club.
Medical career.
Watkins spent two years working at a railroad hospital in Brainerd, Minnesota, specializing in surgery. He became the first assistant surgeon at the Northern Pacific Railway Hospital in Missoula, Montana in 1903. While working at the Northern Pacific Hospital in Missoula, Watkins sustained severe burns on his left arm from the use of an old X-ray machine, which limited his physical capacity to continue his medical practice and resulted in his "virtual retirement" in approximately 1934.
In 1905, Watkins moved to Billings, Montana, where he established a private medical practice in partnership with Dr. H. E. Armstrong. He remained in Billings as a physician, surgeon and physiotherapist for approximately 30 years and became a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons in 1917. He was also the president of the Yellowstone Valley Medical Society from 1925-1927. At the time of his death the "Billings Gazette" called Watkins one of the city's "most distinguished and valuable citizens" and wrote of his devotion to his patients:"Few physicians remained more faithful to the demands and obligations of his profession. Many are the instances that could be related of his complete obedience to the dictates of his career. During his more than 30 years here, he served hundreds of citizens who placed the greatest confidence in his medical skill and valued friendships that came through the association of doctor and patient."
Watkins presented several papers on surgery and physiotherapy to medical societies and served as chairman of the executive committee of St. Vincent Hospital in Billings for many years. He was also a surgeon for the Great Western Sugar Company and the Great Northern Railway. 
Watkins was also worked as a city health officer in 1906 and as the county health officer from 1907-1908. He served on the Billings city council from 1917–1918 and was a member of the local selective service draft board during World War I.
Family and later years.
In May 1906 Watkins married Sophia Henrietta Bennighoff, with whom he had no children. Watkins was a member of the Billings Golf and Country Club, St. Luke's Episcopal Church, the Montana Medical Society, the Masons, the Elks and the Billings Rotary Club. In September 1918, they were living in Billings, and Watkins was working as a doctor with an office in the Electric Building in Billings. At the time of the 1920 census, Watkins and his wife remained in Billings, and Watkins was still operating a general medical practice.
Watkins was a lover of outdoor recreation and an "ardent trout fisherman" who "never lost an opportunity, when practice would permit, to get into the river." He spent much time fishing in the Boulder River and often joked that "there's a fish up there I've been trying to catch for a long time. It always comes up and winks at me but will never bite my line."
Watkins was not actively engaged in his medical practice during the last several years of his life due to failing health. He died at Billings in 1936 at the age of 63. His death was attributed to bronchopneumonia after an extended illness resulting from the x-ray burns sustained 30 years earlier. The burns reportedly "ultimately broke down his physical condition, leading to his death."

</doc>
<doc id="31187478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187478" title="Donald L. Cox">
Donald L. Cox

Donald Lee Cox (April 16, 1936 – February 19, 2011), known as Field Marshal DC, was an early member of the leadership of the African American revolutionary leftist organization the Black Panther Party, joining the group in 1967. Cox was titled the Field Marshal of the group during the years he actively participated in its leadership, due to his familiarity with and writing about guns.
Biography.
After a rural upbringing in western Missouri, Cox moved to San Francisco in 1953 at age 17. He became interested in political action through following the desegregation and civil rights events of the next several years. Cox joined the Oakland, California-based Black Panthers in 1967 in response to a civilian-shooting-by-police incident in the Hunters Point section of San Francisco a year earlier.
Along with Eldridge Cleaver, Huey P. Newton and Bobby Seale and others, Cox was a member of the "central committee" of the Panthers.
Cox became a national organizer and spokesperson for the group, which was involved in multiple legal cases and a target of the COINTELPRO project of the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation. In January 1970, Cox was invited to speak to several dozen guests of composer Leonard Bernstein and his wife Felicia at their penthouse apartment in the wealthy Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan. The gathering was an effort to raise funds for the defense of twenty-one Black Panther members who were charged with conspiracy to bomb buildings and other crimes. Cox was famously photographed along with the Bernsteins for a cover story essay by Tom Wolfe in "New York" magazine, published in June 1970 and entitled "Radical Chic: That Party at Lenny's". The article led to the popularization of "radical chic" as a critical term. Cox, along with the Bernsteins, vehemently dismissed Wolfe's notion that the New York upper class was dabbling in radical politics as a fashion statement at the event, vouching for their sincerity.
Shortly after the Bernstein fundraiser Cox was accused along with several others of conspiracy to murder a Panther who was an informant in Baltimore named Eugene Anderson. Cox fled the United States to avoid trial, living first in Algeria and later in the Languedoc-Roussillon region of southern France. Cox did not return to the United States, although he married an American from Philadelphia, Barbara Easley. He died in exile in Camps-sur-l'Agly, France in February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31187479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187479" title="Haaglanden">
Haaglanden

Haaglanden (, literally "Haguelands") is the conurbation surrounding The Hague in the Netherlands. The city's position as the country's seat of government makes the region prominent in the Netherlands. Located on the west coast of the province of South Holland, the region has a population of 1,050,543 as of September 2013, and covers an area of 405 km².
"Haaglanden" is an official term referring to an urban region literally called "Haaglanden Urban Region" ("Stadsgewest Haaglanden"). The official website of Haaglanden uses the English translation "The Hague Region". Another translation would be the "Greater Hague Area". The term is also sometimes used to refer to the conurbation of The Hague in a general, informal sense; "the Hague area" or "the area around The Hague". This area is often treated as a single unit for organisational or statistical purposes.
Geography.
Haaglanden consists of the nine municipalities of The Hague, Zoetermeer, Westland, Delft, Leidschendam-Voorburg, Pijnacker-Nootdorp, Rijswijk, Wassenaar and Midden-Delfland.
The Hague conurbation and the Rotterdam conurbation to the east have grown to the point where they are almost contiguous. They are effectively a single urban area, even though they have separate governments, transport systems, etc. The Hague and Rotterdam share the Rotterdam The Hague Airport and a light rail system called RandstadRail. Consideration is being given to creating an official Metropolitan region Rotterdam The Hague ("Metropoolregio Rotterdam Den Haag"), which would have a combined population approaching 2.5 million.
Haaglanden is bordered to the north by the Leiden conurbation, which has a population of about a quarter million. These two areas, much like The Hague and Rotterdam, have also grown together to the point where they are virtually contiguous.
Haaglanden is part of the southern wing (the Zuidvleugel) of the Randstad, which also includes the conurbations surrounding Amsterdam and Utrecht. This conurbation is one of the most important economic and densely populated areas in the north-west of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="31187486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187486" title="Straight Ahead (Abbey Lincoln album)">
Straight Ahead (Abbey Lincoln album)

Straight Ahead is an album by American jazz vocalist Abbey Lincoln featuring performances recorded in 1961 for the Candid label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 5 stars and stated "this is one of Abbey Lincoln's greatest recordings". 

</doc>
<doc id="31187503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187503" title="San José del Castillo">
San José del Castillo

San José del Castillo is a small pueblo in Jalisco, Mexico near the city of Guadalajara. It is known for its festivals on March 11.

</doc>
<doc id="31187535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187535" title="Mother's Day (Law &amp; Order)">
Mother's Day (Law &amp; Order)

"Mother's Day" is the 287th episode of NBC's legal drama "Law & Order" and the tenth episode of the thirteenth season.
Plot.
Briscoe and Green are called to the scene of a hit-and-run accident in Washington Heights. The victim, a young girl, is identified as high school student Emily Milius. From the tire marks on the road, the detectives suspect Ms. Milius was deliberately run down. Witnesses identify the car involved as a green or blue Cavalier.
The Miliuses are a wealthy family and when Briscoe says Emily Milius may have been deliberately targeted (i.e. murdered), the victim's father Ronald Milius reveals he is CFO of a Fortune 500 pharmaceutical company and a witness in an FBI fraud investigation into the company's directors. He thinks his daughter was killed as threat to him. A suspect green Cavalier is discovered abandoned and forensic evidence proves the car struck Emily Milius. The car is registered to single mother Diane Payton, who tells Briscoe and Green she lent her car to her son Danny a few days earlier. The detectives are forced to break into Danny Payton's apartment where they discover his naked, blood-soaked body on the bed - he has been stabbed to death.
At this stage the detectives think Danny Payton was hired to kill Emily Milius, taking the job to support a suggested drug habit, and was then killed himself by the hirer. But the medical examiner, Dr. Rodgers, reports no drugs in Danny Payton's system. When Green and Dr. Rodgers establish Danny's likely time of death, the detectives realize Diane Payton lied to them about breakfasting with her son the morning after Emily Milius was killed.
Diane Payton is brought down to the 27th precinct for further questioning, as Emily Milius's mother, Caroline, is pressing Van Buren for information regarding the case (mother-child relationships being a theme of the episode). Briscoe and Van Buren play good cop / bad cop with Mrs. Payton. Briscoe aggressively questions her over the alleged breakfast with her son (Payton: "Maybe I got the day wrong" Briscoe: "And maybe I'll run for Pope"). Van Buren enters the room and admonishes Briscoe for his "rudeness", before inviting Mrs. Payton for a coffee and a private chat. Van Buren empathizes with Mrs. Payton over the difficulties of being a mother ("You're only as happy as your unhappiest kid") and reveals her emotional trauma when her son was diagnosed with scoliosis at age 6 (he recovered and is now 13). Eventually, Diane Payton admits she stabbed her own son to death. She is arrested.
Following Diane Payton's arraignment and plea of not guilty her attorney, Kay Hartley, approaches Southerlyn and identifies herself as an old college friend, although Southerlyn affects to barely remember her. But in a following discussion with McCoy, Southerlyn reveals she remembers Hartley as a highly competitive student set upon becoming a high-earning Wall Street lawyer. Hartley says her firm has asked her to take on Mrs. Payton's case "pro bono". McCoy is surprised a tax lawyer would be asked to try a criminal case, suspicions which deepen after Hartley fails in a legally naive attempt to have Payton's confession excluded from evidence.
Southerlyn is approached by Hartley while exercising in Central Park. Hartley reveals Danny Payton was her cousin and Diane Payton is her aunt. Hartley has taken a leave of absence from her firm to defend her aunt. Danny Payton had schizophrenia and Hartley wants to introduce his medical records into evidence, but Diane Payton refuses to allow this. Hartley wants to move a motion to remove Diane Payton's legal responsibility for her deceased son's records so they can be used as evidence, and pleads emotionally for Southerlyn's help. Partially through sympathy with Hartley and Payton, the DAs agree not to oppose the motion, which is granted.
In the trial, Hartley asks Dr. Rodgers and later Van Buren about Danny Payton's murder and also about the unsolved murder of a man kicked to death with a certain type of boot. Rodgers and Van Buren remember the case, while McCoy's objections regarding relevance are overruled. Psychiatrist Dr. Trask testifies Danny Payton was diagnosed as schizophrenic several years earlier and was held in a psychiatric hospital, but was eventually released as medication (Clozaril) proved effective in controlling his condition. He confirms Mrs. Payton recently requested her son be re-admitted to the hospital as his condition had worsened. But when Dr. Trask established Danny Payton had stopped taking his medication, he refused re-admission. Dr. Trask is asked to read a list of Danny's clothing and effects collected when he was first discharged from hospital; they include the type of boot used in the 'kicking death' established earlier. When Diane Payton takes the stand to be questioned by Hartley, she admits her son had stopped taking his medication as it made him feel extremely depressed and nauseous; subsequently he began hearing voices urging him to kill and had probably killed the 'kicking death' man; the hospital refused to take Danny in and after she lent Danny her car ("long drives calmed him down") and he used it to run down Emily Milius, it was the final straw. Diane Payton felt compelled to murder her son to prevent him killing more people.
McCoy demands a hearing in chambers. He is outraged the defense is effectively changing their plea from not guilty to guilty by justification and demands the defense case be thrown out, but the judge refuses. Southerlyn confronts Hartley, angry that Hartley played on her sympathy to get the medical records introduced. She accuses Hartley of being less motivated by love for her family and more by the boost her career would be given by winning a criminal case. "I did what I could to get justice for my client in an imperfect system," says Hartley. "If you want to know why it's imperfect, Kay, look in the mirror the next time you put on your Tiffany earrings," retorts Southerlyn.
In Branch's office, he agrees their position appears weak and suggests McCoy make a deal with the defense, but McCoy responds Hartley already turned down an offer for manslaughter. The next day McCoy cross-examines Diane Payton and asks why she didn't inform the police of her son's suspected actions, or call the police herself after she killed him, rather than attempt to conceal evidence of the crimes. Finally McCoy asks that if Diane Payton knew her son was a homicidal schizophrenic, why did she willingly give him the keys to her car? Hartley demands a recess. McCoy points out Mrs. Payton's statement claims her son "took" her car keys, but when first interviewed by Briscoe and Green, and now under oath, she has admitted the truth. He asks Mrs. Payton if Hartley even conveyed the offer of manslaughter proffered earlier, but Hartley hustles a confused Diane Payton out of the room before she can answer.
The jury finds Diane Payton guilty of second-degree murder, but the jury foreperson asks if any jail time is necessary. The scene cuts to the DA's office, where McCoy says "fortunately, the statute demands prison time." Branch says "I think it'll be a good while longer before Kay Hartley gets her corner office." "Shame," responds Southerlyn, with a smile on her face.
Guest stars.
Charissa Chamorro as Kay Hartley
Ellen McLaughlin as Diane Payton
Janet Zarish as Caroline Milius
Martin Kildare as Ronald Milius
Leslie Hendrix as Dr. Elizabeth Rodgers
Mark Alan Gordon as Dr. David Trask
Don Billett as Judge Ed Richter
Notes.
In 2004, "TV Guide" suggested Charissa Chamorro replace Elisabeth Röhm in the role of ADA to Jack McCoy. The role eventually went to Annie Parisse.

</doc>
<doc id="31187546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187546" title="Nicholas McKay (inventor)">
Nicholas McKay (inventor)

Nicholas McKay, Sr. (born 1920) is an American inventor and entrepreneur. His most well-known (and first commercial) product was the Lint Pic-Up, the world's first lint roller.
McKay had the idea after needing masking tape, a paper roll and some wire to clean his suit before chaperoning his son's high school dance in 1956. He and his late wife Helen formed Helmac the next day. Helmac is a household products company that eventually held 92% of the American market in 1996.
McKay credits his humble upbringing on a family farm in Ohio during the Great Depression as inspiration of sorts for his career. He recently produced "When The World Breaks", a documentary on parallels between the Great Depression and today's poor economic climate.

</doc>
<doc id="31187564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187564" title="Foundation for Human Rights in Cuba">
Foundation for Human Rights in Cuba

The Foundation for Human Rights in Cuba (FHRC) is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization established in 1992 to promote a non-violent transition to a democratic Cuba and works to empower independent civil society organizations within Cuba.
About Us.
FHRC maintains regular contact with human rights defenders and civic activists who are working for change in Cuba through nonviolent means. Some of these individuals include prisoners of conscience and their families, independent journalists and bloggers, cultural activists, as well as members of independent unions and marginalized sectors. FHRC also maintains initiatives outside of Cuba to promote efforts by Cuban Civil Society within the Island, including fundraising campaigns and raising awareness about conditions on the Island. FHRC feels a profound responsibility to support and empower Cuban Civil Society in its efforts to nonviolently transition to a free and democratic Cuba that has zero tolerance for violations of human rights.
Vision and Mission.
FHRC’s vision is to empower Cuban Civil Society to build a durable democracy in Cuba.
FHRC’s mission is to:
History.
In Cuba.
Under the current regime in Cuba, human rights activists and members of Civil Society are often barred from employment. FHRC has dedicated itself to providing the necessary aid and provisions to human rights activists, civic actors, and political prisoners and their families, in order to support their efforts on the Island. Since its inception, FHRC has sent Cuban Civil Society hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of:
FHRC has also been competitive in the pursuit of United States Government funding that supports Civil Society and human rights in Cuba. FHRC successfully managed several grants with USAID recipients including a cash grant and an in-kind grant in excess of $175,000. These agreements were developed in accordance with FHRC leadership, as well as with leaders in Cuban Civil Society in order to emphasize the need for collaborative action to advance human rights and empower Civil Society.
Hurricane & Disaster Relief.
FHRC assisted Cuban Civil Society with hurricane and disaster relief. In 2008, during a very active hurricane season, Hurricane Ike caused severe damage to Cuba and its infrastructure. In order to provide relief, FHRC mobilized a massive assistance campaign that collected and then distributed over $200,000 in direct cash aid to hurricane victims over a 3 day period.
In addition, FHRC distributes hurricane relief packages, on a yearly basis, containing nonperishable food items, medicine, blankets/clothing, and other basic necessities to support Cuban Civil Society members during the hurricane season.
In the United States.
FHRC uses its expertise, experience, and network to create and sustain awareness regarding the efforts of human rights defenders and Civil Society members in Cuba. FHRC works to raise awareness by providing updates on its website, conducting media and community outreach campaigns, and collaborating with NGOs inside the United States.
FHRC also holds fundraising events in the US that directly support current campaigns and initiatives on the Island. These events are open to anyone interested in supporting human rights in Cuba and raises more than $150,000 annually for Cuban Civil Society members and related organizations.
In the International Community.
Outside of the US and Cuba, FHRC’s focus is on raising awareness about the work of human rights defenders and Civil Society activists so their message is heard throughout the International Community. In doing so, FHRC can provide a level of protection against the Cuban regime’s repression and propaganda by focusing international attention on human rights violations in Cuba. To that extent, FHRC has detailed hundreds of cases where the regime has harassed, detained, abused, and imprisoned individuals for simply exercising their most basic human and civil rights or simply because the regime finds an individual to possess an ability for “dangerousness.” FHRC has acted as a delegate in United Nations Commission on Human Rights and participates in international conferences including the CIVICUS World Assembly, in which FHRC’s leaders call for international solidarity with Cuba’s human rights defenders and members of Civil Society. FHRC projects its expertise through communication and outreach in order to ensure international public opinion is aware of the values of Cuban Civil Society and its efforts to hold the Cuban regime accountable for its actions.

</doc>
<doc id="31187567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187567" title="South Australian Ornithologist">
South Australian Ornithologist

The South Australian Ornithologist is the scientific journal of the South Australian Ornithological Association (also known as Birds SA). The journal was first published in 1914 and is usually issued twice a year to members of the association.

</doc>
<doc id="31187582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187582" title="Trolleybuses in Kingston upon Hull">
Trolleybuses in Kingston upon Hull

The Kingston upon Hull trolleybus system once served the city of Kingston upon Hull (usually referred to as Hull), in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. Opened for service on (two days after a ceremonial inauguration), it gradually replaced the Hull tramway network.
By the standards of the various now-defunct trolleybus systems in the United Kingdom, the Hull system was a medium-sized one, with a total of 7 routes, and a maximum fleet of 100 trolleybuses. It was closed on .
Hull's distinctively liveried trolleybuses played a role in the Philip Larkin poem, "Here", which is set in Hull. None have survived.

</doc>
<doc id="31187602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187602" title="International Iranian Economic Association">
International Iranian Economic Association

The International Iranian Economic Association (IIEA) is a private, non-profit, and non-political organization of scholars interested in the study of economic issues concerning Iran, in the broadest sense of the term. 
The objectives of the IIEA are:
Organizing Committee.
The Organizing Committee of the "International Iranian Economic Association" (IIEA) consists of:
Founding Members.
Founding members of the IIEA are:
Controversy.
According to PressTV, IIEA is "a trap for Iranian economists [...] and used as a venue to attract Iranian students, seeking to transfer the center of Iran’s economic studies from inside to outside of the country by deceiving and cooperating with some domestic economic figures." Yet, Iran's government and the IMF collaborate openly.

</doc>
<doc id="31187606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187606" title="Tsurumaki Domain">
Tsurumaki Domain

In the han system, Tsurumaki was a political and economic abstraction based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields. In other words, the domain was defined in terms of "kokudaka", not land area. This was different from the feudalism of the West.
History.
The domain was centered on what is now the city of Ichihara, Chiba. It was ruled for the entirety of its history by a branch of the Mizuno clan.
Tsurumaki Domain was created on May 19, 1827, when Mizuno Tadateru, the "daimyō" of Hōjō Domain in Awa Province relocated his "jin'ya" from Awa to Kazusa. As he was entitled by his status to have a castle, rather than a fortified residence, his "jin’ya" was called "Tsurumaki Castle". He died the following year, and his adopted son, Mizuno Tadamitsu, also served as a "wakadoshiyori" in the Shogun’s court in Edo. Tadamitsu’s son Mizuno Tadayori fought on the Shogunal side in the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration, attacking his pro-imperial neighbors. As a result, he was forced to give up most of his holdings scattered around Awa and Kazusa provinces in exchange for new lands in 1869. However, he was pardoned by the new Meiji government the following year, becoming domainal governor until the abolition of the han system in 1871. He was subsequently made a viscount ("shishaku") in the "kazoku" peerage, and the former Tsumaki Domain absorbed into the short-lived Kisarazu Prefecture before becoming part of modern Chiba Prefecture.
List of daimyō.
The name of “Tsurumaki” came from the Mizuno’s Edo residence, which was located in Wadeda-Tsurumaki-cho.

</doc>
<doc id="31187623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187623" title="Except the Dying">
Except the Dying

Except the Dying is a 2004 made for TV film starring Peter Outerbridge, Colm Meaney, Keeley Hawes, William B. Davis and Flora Montgomery. It was adapted by Janet MacLean from the novel by Maureen Jennings of the same name.
Plot.
In this film, William Murdoch is introduced, as a man of strong principles, who uses his unique abilities to solve crimes, sometimes using advanced science for his time.
On the street of Toronto, in the 1890s, a body of a prostitute is found, murdered in a back alley. Inspecter Brackenreid decides that this is an accidental death, but Murdoch feels there's more to the situation at hand.
As Murdoch digs deeper into the prostitute's death, he discovers that there is something more sinister going and that the young girl was actually a housemaid for a very rich and prominent family in Toronto.
Her autopsy reveals she was pregnant and had opium in her system, which makes Murdoch even more suspicious of her death. With the help of Dr. Julia Odgen, Murdoch solves the crime and brings justice for a young girl's wrongful death.
DVDs.
All three movies were released on DVD in a boxed set on November 11, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31187644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187644" title="Summer House (album)">
Summer House (album)

Summer House is the first LP released by Gold Motel.

</doc>
<doc id="31187655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187655" title="Devin Kelley">
Devin Kelley

Devin Kelley is an American actress. She is starring in the ABC drama series "Resurrection" and also co-starred on the Fox crime drama "The Chicago Code".
Early life.
Kelley was born and raised in St. Paul, Minnesota, not including the four years she spent with her family in Brussels, Belgium. She has a brother Ryan and a sister Lauren. After graduating from Eastview High School in the Apple Valley suburb during 2004, Kelley moved to Los Angeles to attend the USC School of Theatre's BFA acting program. Kelley also spent a semester at the British American Drama Academy in London.
Career.
Upon graduation, Kelley was accepted into the Williamstown Theatre Festival. Her breakout role was in "The Chicago Code", which she prepared for by talking to female police officers, going on a ride-along with Chicago police officers, and visiting a shooting range and the Cook County Morgue. She later starred as lead character in the 2012 horror film "Chernobyl Diaries", and had a recurring role on "Covert Affairs".
In 2013, Kelley was cast as Dr. Maggie Langston in the ABC drama series "Resurrection".

</doc>
<doc id="31187660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187660" title="Garza West Unit">
Garza West Unit

Garza West Unit is a correctional transfer unit on the grounds of Chase Field Industrial Complex in the city of Beeville. It is co-located with the Garza East Unit.
The facility is operated by the Correctional Institutions Division of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice, administered as within Region IV.
The facility is classified as a Transfer Facility that houses adult male inmates convicted of felonies and state jail felonies. The inmates are housed temporarily after their transfer from county jails and are held no longer than two years, as per Texas Department of Criminal Justice policy.
History.
The Chase Field West Unit opened in 1994. It later received its current name. The facility and Garza West were named after Beeville city council member Raul "Rudy" Garza, Sr., who worked at the Chase Field Industrial Complex for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="31187664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187664" title="Japanese nuclear incidents">
Japanese nuclear incidents

This is a list of Japanese atomic, nuclear and radiological accidents, incidents and disasters.

</doc>
<doc id="31187667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187667" title="Japanese nuclear disaster">
Japanese nuclear disaster

Japanese nuclear disaster can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31187676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187676" title="Jerome Utley">
Jerome Utley

Jerome Adams "Jerry" Utley (January 7, 1881 – April 24, 1959) was an American baseball player and coach, contracting engineer, hotelier and boxing promoter. He played and coached college baseball for the Michigan Wolverines baseball team in the early 1900s. He also briefly coached and played minor league baseball from 1905 to 1906. After retiring from baseball, Utley had a successful career as a contracting engineer on building projects in Detroit, Michigan. From 1931 to approximately 1948, he had an ownership interest in the Hotel Playa Ensenada, later renamed the Hotel Riviera del Pacífico, a luxury hotel in Baja California, Mexico. He also briefly had a partnership with Jack Dempsey as a boxing promoter which included promoting the 1933 heavyweight championship match between Max Schmeling and Max Baer.
Early years.
Utley was born in Stanton, Michigan, the son of Rev. Wells H. Utley and Emma (Adams) Utley. He attended Central High School in Detroit, Michigan in approximately 1899.
Baseball player and coach.
After graduating from high school, Utley entered the University of Michigan as an engineering student. He received a bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering in 1903. While attending Michigan, he was a pitcher for the Michigan Wolverines baseball team from 1900 to 1903. After receiving his degree in 1903, Utley returned to Michigan as the head coach of the Michigan Wolverines baseball team in 1904. The Wolverines had a 10–5 record in Utley's only season as the head coach.
In August 1903, Utley moved to Michigan's Upper Peninsula to play for the Calumet baseball team and work as an engineer in one of the area's mines. In 1905, he was the manager of the Hancock Infants of the Copper Country Soo League. In 1906, he played minor league baseball for the Houghton Giants of the Northern-Copper Country League.
In 1907, Utley was hired as the baseball coach at Detroit College.
From 1908 to 1910, Utley was the star pitcher, and in 1909 the team captain, for the Detroit Athletic Club baseball team. He also returned to the mound in 1913 as a pitcher for the Euclids, a semi-pro baseball team in Detroit.
Engineering career.
Utley became a contracting engineer in Detroit, Michigan. As of September 1918, he was self-employed as an engineer with an office at the Penobscot Building in downtown Detroit. In his 1922 history of Detroit, Clarence Burton included a profile of Utley, noting: "Jerome A. Utley, a contracting engineer of Detroit who has executed many important contracts, has had broad experience in this line of work and his standing in engineering circles of the city is an enviable one. ... Industry is the key which has unlocked for Mr. Utley the portals of success and thoroughness and diligence have characterized all of his work. His professional standing is of the highest and through his labors he has contributed in substantial measure to the development and improvement of Detroit, being recognized as a most progressive and public-spirited citizen, whose influence is at all times on the side of advancement and improvement."
Census records indicate he was unmarried and living in Detroit with his brother Stuart and sister Beatrice in 1910 and with his sister Beatrice Utley in 1920 and 1930.
Utley was a member of the First Congregational Church, a Mason, and a member of the Detroit Athletic Club.
Hotel Playa Ensenada.
In his later years, Utley was best known for his role as the owner of the Hotel Playa Ensenada, later renamed the Hotel Riviera del Pacífico. The hotel was a luxury resort built in the late 1920s during Prohibition, included a casino, and was located approximately 75 miles south of Tijuana. Jack Dempsey, the world heavyweight boxing champion, was one of the original owners, and guests included Marion Davies, William Randoph Hearst, Johnny Weismuller and Myrna Loy. By 1931, the hotel's debt burden had become a problem, and Utley made a substantial investment in the hotel. Following Utley's investment, the hotel's business dropped off, as Prohibition was repealed in the United States and gambling was outlawed in Mexico. Utley became the hotel's principal owner in the 1930s, and the hotel was closed in 1938.
Utley also formed a brief partnership with Dempsey to promote boxing matches. Dempsey and Utley were the promoters of the June 1933 heavyweight championship match between Max Schmeling and Max Baer.
During World War II, the hotel as used as a military headquarters to guard against a Japanese attack on the United States through Baja California. After the war, Utley re-opened the hotel. Described as "a seventy-year-old bachelor," Utley fell in love with Marjorie King Plant, described as "an attractive blond woman in her early forties." Utley gave the hotel to Plant in approximately 1948, but later learned that she had married a Mexican lawyer. Utley filed a lawsuit against Plant, and she sold her interest in the hotel and returned to California. Utley died in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="31187679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187679" title="Gerardo">
Gerardo

Gerardo is the Spanish, Portuguese and Italian form of the male given name Gerard. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31187693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187693" title="Sayyida al Hurra">
Sayyida al Hurra

Sayyida al Hurra, (), full name Sayyida al-Hurra ibn Banu Rashid al-Mandri al-Wattasi Hakima Tatwan, (1485 - after 1542), was a queen of Tétouan in 1515-1542 and a pirate queen in the early 16th century. She is considered to be "one of the most important female figures of the Islamic West in the modern age".
Allied with the Turkish corsair Barbarossa of Algiers, al Hurra controlled the western Mediterranean Sea while Barbarossa controlled the eastern. She was also prefect of Tétouan. In 1515 she became the last person in Islamic history to legitimately hold the title of "al Hurra" (Queen) following the death of her husband, who ruled Tétouan. She later married the King of Morocco, Ahmed al-Wattasi, but refused to leave Tétouan to do so. This marriage marks the only time in Moroccan history a King married away from the capital, Fez.
The title "sayyida al Hurra" means "noble lady who is free and independent; the woman sovereign who bows to no superior authority." Hakima Tatwan means governor of Tétouan.
Life.
Sayyida al Hurra was born around 1485 (Hijri around 890) to a prominent Muslim family, the Banu Rashid. Her family origins were Moroccan or Andalusian. She fled with her family to Morocco when Ferdinand and Isabella conquered the Muslim kingdom of Granada in 1492, at the end of the Reconquista; they settled in Chaouen.
Sayyida's childhood was happy and secure, yet clouded by constant reminders of the forced exile from Granada. She was married at 16 to a man 30 years her senior, a friend of her father, al-Mandri, to whom she was promised when she was still a child. Some sources state she was married to al-Mandri's son, al-Mandri II.
An intelligent woman, she learned much assisting her husband in his business affairs, and after his death in 1515, she became a governor of Tétouan. Spanish and Portuguese sources describe al-Hurra as "their partner in the diplomatic game".
Soon she married again. Her groom, Ahmed al-Wattasi, the King of Morocco, traveled to Tétouan to marry her. It is believed that Sayyida insisted on this to show everybody that she was not going to give up governing Tétouan even though married to the King. 
Sayyida could neither forget nor forgive the humiliation of being forced to flee Granada. In her wish to avenge herself on the "Christian enemy", she turned to piracy. She made contact with Barbarossa of Algiers. Piracy provided a quick income, "booty and ransom for captives", and also helped to keep alive the dream of returning to Andalusia. She was well respected by Christians as a queen who had power over the Mediterranean Sea. She also was the one with whom one had to negotiate the release of Portuguese and Spanish captives. For example, in "The Forgotten Queens of Islam" Fatima Mernissi mentions Spanish historical documents of 1540 according to which there were negotiations "between the Spaniards and Sayyida al-Hurra" after a successful pirating operation in Gibraltar in which the pirates took "much booty and many prisoners". 
Some historians believe that the unusual "degree of acceptance of al Hurra as a ruler" could be attributed to "Andalusian familiarity with powerful female monarchs in Spain such as Isabella I of Castile. Others believe that al Hurra succeeded as governor because she was "the undisputed leader of pirates of the western Mediterranean".
Sayyida al Hurra lived a life of adventure and romance. After she had ruled as governor for 30 years, her son-in-law overthrew her in 1542. According to the "Yemen Times", "She was stripped of her property and power and her subsequent fate is unknown."

</doc>
<doc id="31187695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187695" title="Mir (album)">
Mir (album)

Mir is Ott's third album. It was released on 15 March 2011 on his Bandcamp.
Samples.
Alan Watts is sampled in this album.

</doc>
<doc id="31187702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187702" title="Xenon (pinball)">
Xenon (pinball)

Xenon is a 1980 pinball game designed by Greg Kmiec and released by Bally.
"Xenon" was the first talking pinball by Bally, with a sexy, female voice.

</doc>
<doc id="31187715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187715" title="Spline joint">
Spline joint

A spline joint can be viewed as an extended biscuit. Two boards have extended, matching grooves lined up and facing each other. The void between is filled with a thin piece of wood, forming a spline joint. This is very similar to tongue and groove. The difference is that the spline essentially forms a tongue, a 'loose tongue', for both grooves. It is often joined with glue.

</doc>
<doc id="31187735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187735" title="Satellite Broadcasting and Communications Association">
Satellite Broadcasting and Communications Association

The Satellite Broadcasting and Communications Association (SBCA) is the national trade organization representing the consumer satellite (direct broadcast satellite) industry in the United States, including the two largest service providers, DirecTV and DISH Network, manufacturers, installers, and distributors of satellite equipment. 
Background.
Its representatives intervene legally and legislatively against taxes, fees, and ordinances that would restrict the installation and use of satellite antennas. For example, it threatened a lawsuit to defeat an ordinance in Omaha, Nebraska that would have required a fee for satellite dish inspections. The organization also offers education programs to certify satellite installers. The organization was founded on December 2, 1986 as a merger of the Society for Private and Commercial Earth Stations (SPACE) and the Direct Broadcast Satellite Association (DBSA).

</doc>
<doc id="31187757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187757" title="Corpus Christi massacre">
Corpus Christi massacre

The Corpus Christi Massacre, Corpus Christi Thursday Massacre, or El Halconazo ("The hawk strike"— named this because of the participation of a group of elite Mexican army soldiers known as "Los Halcones") was a massacre of student demonstrators in Mexico City on June 10, 1971, the day of the Corpus Christi festival.
Background.
From his earliest days in office, President Luis Echeverría Álvarez announced intentions to reform democracy in Mexico. He immediately allowed some leaders of the 1968 student movement to return from exile in Chile and released many prisoners over the course of two years. In April 1971, the press spoke of coming reforms in education and soon figures such as José Revueltas and Heberto Castillo, both jailed for two and a half years, resurfaced in the political arena. Students were excited and thought they would have the opportunity to return to the streets to demonstrate discomfort against the government. The conflict at the University of Nuevo León gave them a reason to do so: At the end of 1970, teachers and university students presented a basic law that proposed a joint government, and in March 1971 Héctor Ulises arrived at the rectory under the new law. The state government disagreed and slashed the budget, which angered university officials and led to the University Council's passage of a new bill that virtually abolished the autonomy of the institution. The university went on strike and called for solidarity with other universities. The National Autonomous University of Mexico and National Polytechnic Institute immediately responded and the students called for a massive rally in support of Nuevo León on June 10, 1971.
On May 30 the governor of Nuevo León, Eduardo A. Elizondo Lozano, resigned as part of the settlement of the Ministry of Education. With the governor's resignation, by June 5, a new organic law came into force that resolved the conflict. Nevertheless, students decided to march even if the demands were not clear. The committee coordinating committee control-CoCo-was divided as there were those who thought that the march was useless and would only provoke the government. However, most people supported the law, arguing that there were many unresolved problems. It was also an opportunity for the government to show that it would not be as repressive as before. Days before the demonstration many police vehicles and cars started making regular runs near the Casco de Santo Tomás (one of the IPN's main campuses).
June 10.
The march started at the Casco de Santo Tomás, and proceeded through Carpio and Maestros Avenues so the protesters could take the Mexico-Tacuba Causeway, and eventually end up at Zócalo. The streets leading to the Maestros Avenue were blocked by police officers and riot police, who did not allow the students to pass. There were Tankettes parked along Melchor Ocampo Avenue, near the military school, and riot police trucks in a large police contingent at the intersection of the Melchor Ocampo and San Cosme avenues. 
A shock group trained by the Federal Security Directorate and the CIA, known as "los Halcones", who came in grey trucks, vans, and riot trucks, attacked students from streets near Maestros Avenue after the riot police opened their blockade. The shock group first attacked with bamboo and kendo sticks so the students easily repelled them. Los Halcones then attacked the students again, with high-caliber rifles, while students tried, unsuccessfully, to hide. 
The police did not intervene because they had been ordered not to. The shooting lasted for several minutes, during which some cars gave logistical support to the paramilitary group. The support included extra weapons and makeshift transports, such as civilian cars, vans, police vehicles and an ambulance from the Green Cross. The injured were taken to the general hospital Rubén Leñero, but to no avail, as the Halcones reached the hospital and there gave the youngsters, many still in the operating room, the coup de gráce and took the opportunity to scare the inmates. The death toll was close to 120 people, including them a fourteen-year-old boy.
That night army elements guarded the National Palace and Luis Echeverría announced an investigation into the killing and said he would punish the guilty. Alfonso Martinez Dominguez, then-Mexico City governor, and Julio Sanchez Vargas, attorney general, denied that there were Halcones and police chief Escobar blamed the students for creating extremist groups within their movement. A week passed before Escobar accepted that there were Halcones, but denied their involvement in the massacre. The high number of journalists and photographers hit and arrested by Halcones managed to contradict the government's official version. Martinez Dominguez tendered his resignation on June 15 to Echeverría because he was convinced that the protesters had been provoked, among other things, so the government had an excuse to get rid of him. Despite this, Martinez Dominguez was known for many years as "Halconzo", in reference to the Corpus Thursday Massacre.
The number of dead in the demonstration discouraged many students, but also led others to be radicalized, some of whom later formed urban guerrilla organizations. Students in 1971 especially demanded the democratization of education, control of the university budget by students and teachers, and that it represented 12% of the GDP. They also demanded political freedom wherein workers, peasants, students, and intellectuals could enjoy real democratic freedoms and control the social system; quality education for everyone, especially farmers and workers; greater respect for cultural diversity; strict democratic transparency; and support for the political union of the workers.
Los Halcones.
Los Halcones ("The hawks") was a black operations army group that was trained in the United States. The group was created in the late 1960s to repress demonstrations and prevent other large popular movements such as the student movement of 1968 from rising again. Their first attack against the students took place on October 2, 1969, a year after the Tlatelolco Massacre. Their initial duty, as told by the government to the public, which was not aware of their name nor their real purpose, was that there was going to be a police group that ensured the security of the recently inaugurated Metro. The members of Los Halcones were identified with nicknames and its members were of various backgrounds, including sports clubs, the police, and thugs for hire "porros" who were provocateurs created to counter and watch universities. After the Halconazo, the number of Los Halcones members increased exponentially in the UNAM and IPN); militaries, which were referred to with the nicknames "maestros" (teachers) or "paisanos" (countrymen). These militaries had at their command dozens of halcones, the vast majority of whom had participated in the Tlatelolco massacre, as well as gang members and criminals. The latter were released from jail under the condition that they form part of the new shock group with payment.
Legal Case.
In 2005, it was discussed in Mexico whether the crimes committed in Corpus Christi Massacre had expired or whether the criminals could still be judged responsible.
On November 29, 2006, Luis Echeverría Álvarez pleaded guilty and was put on house arrest.
In 2009, Luis Echeverria was exonerated, as there was no sufficient evidence against him. 
In fiction.
Mexican filmmaker Gabriel Retes produced, directed, and acted in a movie titled "El Bulto" ("The lump"), where he portrays Lauro, a photojournalist, who was attacked by a "Los Halcones" member and left in a coma.

</doc>
<doc id="31187793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187793" title="Radical 96">
Radical 96

Radical 96 meaning "jade" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 473 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31187829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187829" title="Hot Hand (pinball)">
Hot Hand (pinball)

Hot Hand is a poker-based pinball machine from 1979. It is notable for having a five inch rotating flipper at the top of the playfield.

</doc>
<doc id="31187834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187834" title="Radical 97">
Radical 97

Radical 97 meaning "melon" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 55 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31187837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187837" title="Motus MST">
Motus MST

The Motus MST is a sport touring motorcycle that was announced to be produced in 2014 by Motus Motorcycles of Birmingham, Alabama. Motus' partner in developing the MST was race car manufacturer Pratt & Miller, who were credited with product engineering, development, testing and validation for the MST.
The MST is powered by a 90° pushrod V4 engine that is mounted longitudinally, with its crankshaft aligned fore-and-aft. It is the first production motorcycle using gasoline direct injection and the first V4 ever used in an American motorcycle.
The prototype was first shown to the public at Daytona Beach Bike Week in March, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31187845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187845" title="Bekhorot">
Bekhorot

Bekhorot (Hebrew בכורות, “First-born”) refers to the first-born human, or animal according to the Hebrew Bible in which God commanded Moses in the Book of Exodus to “consecrate to Me every first-born; man and beast, the first issue of every womb among the Israelites is Mine.” It is from this commandment that Judaism forms the foundation of its many traditions and rituals concerning the redemption of the first-born son and ritual slaughter. 
In addition to several references found in the Hebrew bible, Bekhorot is considered a "Seder Kodashim" (Hebrew קדשים), or “Holy Thing” hence it is found under the fifth order of the Mishnah titled Kodashim, tractate four, Bekhorot. The primary focus of the tractate relates to the ritual sacrifice, or slaughter, of the first-born of both human and animal. An exemption is made for the first-born son through the “ritual of redemption” in which the son is redeemed from the Kohen for the traditional sum of five shekels of silver (ch.vii). Donkeys must also be redeemed from the Kohen, or killed (ch. i). However, according to the Kodashim, all other first-born animals (calf, lamb, or kid), pending priestly inspection of purity, must be sacrificed to God or presented as a gift to the Kohen (ch. ii-vi). Priests were required to inspect the first-born for blemishes prior to consecration. These blemishes are enumerated in both the Mishnah and Tosefta. The Tosefta, very similar in function and chapter placement to the Mishnah, differs in its “enumeration of the blemishes and their names.” In addition to names of blemishes, the Tosefta expands on different scenarios in which a Kohen may find himself when determining the status of a first-born, for example when a creature gives birth to an animal resembling another species. 
Biblical exegeses concerning Bekhorot are not found in the Palestinian Talmud; however, they are found in the Babylonian Talmud which comprises the third place among the Holy Scripture hierarchy. The Babylonian Talmud includes further commentary concerning purity of the first-born. In addition to the common theme of purity, the Babylonian Talmud expands on the exemption of the first-born offspring from the Tribe of Levi, or from the priestly body of the Kohenim. The child of a Levite mother, or Kohenim, regardless whether or not the father is a Levite or Israelite, is automatically exempt from the “toll.” This exemption is due to the notion that first-born males are already born in the service of God thus redemption is not needed.

</doc>
<doc id="31187861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187861" title="2010–11 Clemson Tigers men's basketball team">
2010–11 Clemson Tigers men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Clemson Tigers men's basketball team represented Clemson University during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Tigers, led by first-year head coach Brad Brownell, played their home games at Littlejohn Coliseum and were members of the Atlantic Coast Conference. They finished the season 22–12, 9–7 in ACC play. They lost in the semifinals of the 2011 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament to North Carolina. They received an at-large bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they defeated Alabama Birmingham in the new "First Four" round before falling to West Virginia in the second round.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| ACC Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31187876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187876" title="Radical 98">
Radical 98

Radical 98 meaning "tile" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 174 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31187897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187897" title="Mumford's compactness theorem">
Mumford's compactness theorem

In mathematics, Mumford's compactness theorem states that the space of compact Riemann surfaces of fixed genus "g" > 1 with no closed geodesics of length less than some fixed "ε" > 0 in the Poincaré metric is compact. It was proved by as a consequence of a theorem about the compactness of sets of discrete subgroups of semisimple Lie groups generalizing Mahler's compactness theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="31187900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187900" title="Radical 99">
Radical 99

Radical 99 meaning "sweet" is 1 of 5 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 23 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 22 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31187934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187934" title="Radical 100">
Radical 100

Radical 100 meaning "life" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 22 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31187940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187940" title="Penn (film)">
Penn (film)

Penn (; ) is a 1954 Tamil romantic comedy film written by Ra. Venkatachalam and directed by M. V. Raman. The film starred Vyjayanthimala, Gemini Ganesan, S. Balachander and Anjali Devi in the lead while Chittor V. Nagaiah, V. K. Ramasamy, K. N. Kamlam, K.R. Chellam and K. Sankarapani as the ensemble cast, was produce by A. V. Chettiar of AVM Productions. The film's score was composed by R.Sudharsanam with the lyrics were provided by Papanasam Sivan and Udumalai Narayana Kavi, Ku. Sa. Krishnamurthy, K. P. Kamakshi and V. Seetharaman. Editing was done by K. Shankar and M. V. Raman while the camera was handled by T. Muthu Sami.
The film's story revolves around two friends played by Vyjayanthimala and Anjali Devi.
Soundtrack.
The song "Kalyanam...Kalyanam" sang by J. P. Chandrababu for S. Balachandran becomes an instant hit and was still played in many television. Owing, to its popularity the song was remade by music director Sundar C Babu in Tamil film Thoonga Nagaram (2011) which had singer Karthik's voice. The song also included disc jockey's remix tunes with actor J. P. Chandrababu's voice had been reused along with the lyrics by Udumalai Narayana Kavi.
Box office.
The film was a hit at box office.
Remakes.
The success of this movie basked the producer A. V. Chettiar to remade it in Hindi as "Ladki" with Kishore Kumar and Bharat Bhushan in S. Balachander and Gemini Ganesan role respectively which becomes second highest grossing film of 1953 with verdict hit. The film also made simultaneously in Telugu as Sangham with N. T. Rama Rao in Gemini Ganesan's role while S. Balachander reprises his role from the original. Among the cast Vyjayanthimala, Anjali Devi and Chittor V. Nagaiah are the only actors to reprises their role in all three language.

</doc>
<doc id="31187948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187948" title="Davao Doctors' College">
Davao Doctors' College

Davao Doctors College (DDC) is a private and nonsectarian academic institution in Mindanao, Philippines . It was established in 1975 as Davao Doctors Hospital School of Nursing (DDHSN) and a three-year basic course in Nursing was the only course offered. It was incorporated by a group of medical doctors in response to the urgent demand for nurses in Davao Doctors Hospital, of which the college is a subsidiary company. After expanding its curriculum, it officially became Davao Doctors College in 1981.
Davao Doctors College is also one of the six academic institutions in Region XI with Philippine Association of Colleges and Universities Commission on Accreditation (PACUCOA) accredited programs by the Federation of Accrediting Agencies of the Philippines (FAAP) as of December 2011.
Research.
The Research Institute of Davao Doctors College has linkages with PAIR (Philippine Association of Institutions for Research), DACUN (Davao Colleges and Universities Network),
UP CHED ZRC (UP – CHED Zonal Research Center), RHRDC XI (Regional Health Research Development Consortium Region X1), REDTI (Research and Education
DOST Department of Science and Technology), DOH (Department of Health),
other GOs and NGOs …. City Health, City Women's Desk, Tanikala, ZONTA.
In the national search for sustainable and eco-friendly schools sponsored by Department of Environmental and Natural Resources (DENR), together with the Department of Education (DepEd), Commission on Higher Education (CHED), and Smart Communications, Davao Doctors College won as Regional Champion for the most eco-friendly school in the college level. The said competition is the Philippines' initiative in support of the ASEAN Environmental Education Plan (2008-2012) and the United Nations Decade of Education for sustainable development (2005-2014).
Library.
The Davao Doctors College Library has a total collection of 20,000, which covers books, periodicals and non-print materials.
Colleges.
College of Nursing.
The College of Nursing offers a four-year competency-based Bachelor-based Bachelor of Science in Nursing program currently with two (2) curricula:
In an announcement by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED), Davao Doctors College was among the top-performing schools offering the Bachelor of Science in Nursing programs in the country. It rated higher than the national passing average set by the Professional Regulation Commission. (PRC). Davao Doctors College has also been granted Level III re-accreditation status by PACUOCA until 2013.
The official College of Nursing student organization is the Philippine Nursing Student Association (PNSA) 
College of Allied Health Sciences.
In an announcement made by the Professional Regulation Commission (PRC), about half passed the Physical Therapists Licensure Examination given by the Board of Physical and Occupational Therapy in Manila and Cebu this February 2012. Suzette Ybanez Tomes, a student from Davao Doctors College placed 5th out of 608 takers.
Radiologic Technology offered by DDC is the first to be accredited Level 1 accredited status by PACUOCA in the Philippines. It is also the Top 2 Rad Tech program in the country as of 2012. Davao Doctors College was also the 3rd top performing school in the June 2011 Radiologic Technologist Licensure Examination as per Commission Resolution No. 2010-547 series of 2010.
The 5-year program Occupational Therapy is the first ever in the whole of Mindanao. DDC is looking forward to producing top-notch OT's who will meet the occupational needs of individuals, groups, and populations with disabling conditions.
According to the Philippine Regulation Commission (PRC) Optometrist Licensure Examination for July 2009– 4 years, Jennirose Caligner Garcia of Davao Doctors College landed the number one spot. Other students from DDC also landed the 3rd and 5th places back in years 2002 and 2000, respectively.
College of Arts, Sciences, Business and Education.
In a publication by the Asian Journal of Biodiversity, Davao Doctors College won the Platinum prize under institutional awards for its research in biodiversity, along with Ateneo de Davao University, Liceo de Cagayan University, Central Mindanao University, Philippine Eagle Foundation, and Silliman University Angelo King Center for Research & Environmental Management.

</doc>
<doc id="31187962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187962" title="Radical 101">
Radical 101

Radical 101 meaning "use" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 10 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31187995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31187995" title="Radical 103">
Radical 103

Radical 103 meaning "bolt of cloth" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 15 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188000" title="Charles A. Spring">
Charles A. Spring

Charles A. Spring (July 25, 1800 – January 17, 1892) was an American merchant and religious leader. He had a profound impact on Presbyterianism in the Northwest Territory, helping to establish at least six churches in Iowa and Illinois, and acted as a delegate in the General Assembly of 1861, which voted on the Gardiner Spring Resolutions and thus gave the assent of the Presbyterian Church to Abraham Lincoln's moves to keep the Union together.
Early Life in the East.
Charles A. Spring was the second youngest of the children of the Rev. Samuel Spring, Sr., the Revolutionary War chaplain of Benedict Arnold's army. Born in the Manse of the Congregationalist Church in Newburyport, Massachusetts on July 25, 1800, he was a descendant of Rev. Solomon Stoddard, a brother of Rev. Gardiner Spring, and a relative of Rev. Jonathan Edwards and Vice-President Aaron Burr.
After his father's death in 1819, Charles moved south to Boston, and went to work as a merchant, dealing in silk goods and textiles. In 1823, he married Dorothy B. Norton of Maine. Three of their children were born in Boston: Frances Eliza, Charles A. Spring, Jr., and Winthrop Norton. Sometime before 1830, the family moved to Brooklyn, where daughters Edwina and Gertrude, as well as son George Hopkins, were born.
Life in the Old Northwest.
In 1837, the Springs went west as part of the Great Migration, and settled first at Rock Island, Illinois on the Mississippi River. At the time, the journey from New York to Illinois took one month, and was made by the way of the Erie Canal and then the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers.
Charles helped lay out and survey the town of Rock Island, where he settled into farming. By the 1840s, he was an elder in the Presbyterian Church in Rock Island, and was the sole layman on the committee that organized, in November 1844, the First Presbyterian Church of Sterling, Illinois. The Spring farm at Rock Island, in 1850, was spread over 100 acres, and had in the way of livestock 2 horses, 16 milch cows, 20 other cattle, and 20 swine, which produced 400 lbs of butter. The produce included 1600 bushels of Indian Corn, 100 bu. of oats, 100 of Irish potatoes, 20 of sweet potatoes, and 50 tons of hay.
By 1851, Charles Spring and family had moved to Chicago; in November of that year, his wife Dorothy died. Charles "pere et fils" went into the boot and shoe business under the name "C. A. Spring & Sons", locating at 188 Lake St. They lived in Hyde Park for a time, but by 1855 were in West Chicago, living on Fulton between Union and Halsted. By 1858, Charles took to farming again in Manteno, just south of Chicago.
Relationship with Cyrus McCormick and church work.
While in Chicago, Charles Sr. became superintendent of the Sunday school at the North Presbyterian Church, and there met the inventor Cyrus Hall McCormick, whose mechanized reaper did for the Midwest what the cotton gin had done for the South. The two remained close friends and kept up an extensive correspondence until McCormick's death in 1884. Spring and McCormick established the South Church in what is now The Loop in Chicago, although they returned to the North Church when they were able to retain their favoured pastor, Rev. Dr. Nathan Rice.
During the 1850s, Charles was instrumental in the founding of what eventually became the McCormick Theological Seminary. McCormick was a conservative Democrat who had been born in Virginia, and although he was no apologist for slavery, was intent on holding together both the Old School Presbyterian Church and the Union (he considered the Presbyterian Church and the Democratic Party to be the “two hoops that hold the barrel of the Union together."
McCormick thus set his sights on securing a seminary which would advance orthodox Presybyterian doctrine. An Indiana seminary was in dire straits, and when the General Assembly met in Indianapolis in 1859 to discuss its future, McCormick, acting through Spring (who was a delegate), offered the seminary an endowment of $100,000 on the condition that the Seminary locate in Chicago and that the General Assembly take control of it from the synods. This was an offer that the General Assembly couldn't refuse, and so the Seminary found its new home in Chicago.
Charles A. Spring was also instrumental in gaining the donation of some of the land for the seminary, from the brewers Lill & Diversey. He sat on the Seminary's Board of Directors from 1859 to 1876 (when he relocated to Western Iowa). In an 1872 letter, McCormick gave his friend Spring the credit for the founding of the seminary, referring to Spring as “the most aged and experienced of us all, and to whom I was myself indebted for the original suggestion and advice to make the donation to this cause", the seminary.
In 1859, Charles guided the creation of the First Presbyterian Church of Manteno, Illinois, securing a donation from McCormick which funded nearly half of the amount necessary for the building of the church. In 1866, he gave the parsonage as a gift (it burned down soon after his death, in 1895).
In 1861, Charles was a delegate to the Presbyterian General Assembly in Philadelphia which considered the Gardiner Spring Resolutions propounded by his brother, Rev. Gardiner Spring, of New York City. The assembly finally approved the resolutions, which meant the church would stand behind Abraham Lincoln's attempts to keep the Union intact.
In 1865, Spring cared for William Sanderson McCormick, the inventor's brother and partner, during his long illness. When William died that fall, Charles A. Spring, Jr. took over the management of the McCormick Co., as well as McCormick's extensive real estate holdings. The elder Spring often helped his son in this, especially during the busy spring leasing season.
Charles Sr. repeatedly tried to convince McCormick to carry out one of William's last wishes, which was to found a home for young girls (age 5-10) to save them from “destructive Parental & other influence” and to clothe, feed, and educate them in a religious environment. Charles himself had successfully petitioned the Chicago City Council to set aside funds to establish the Chicago Reform School for Boys, one of the first of its kind in the nation. According to Hutchinson, McCormick's biographer, Charles believed that “too much emphasis was placed upon punishment, and not enough upon the prevention of crime.
Later life.
By 1868, Charles's eyesight was failing, but he was still farming, living most of the year with his daughters Edwina and Frances and sons George and Winthrop in Manteno. As he wrote C. H. McCormick in May 1865, he spent his days “raising strawberries and grandchildren."
In 1877-1878, Charles retired and moved to Le Mars, Iowa, where his son Winthrop worked as a McCormick reaper agent, his son George owned a hardware company, and where his daughter Edwina soon married Byron Mudge, a Civil War pensioner. He lived with the Mudges for the last 15 years of his life. He stayed quite active in his old age. In 1884, at the age of 84, Charles caught a white Pacific crane on the Arkansas River which measured 6 feet and 4 inches from beak to toes. It was reported by the Le Mars Sentinel, and went on exhibition in Le Mars.
Charles A. Spring, Sr., died on January 17, 1892, at the age of 91, from complications of 'la grippe' (influenza). His obituary in the Le Mars Sentinel spoke of his many passions. He was a member of the American Sunday School Union, and labored for many years for the American Tract Society, “building school houses as places of worship in different needy localities.”
Descendants.
Charles's eldest son, Charles A. Spring, Jr., was Cyrus McCormick's most trusted adviser, and general manager of the McCormick plant for many years. His second eldest son, Winthrop, along with Winthrop's wife, daughter, and daughter-in-law, all died in the catastrophic Iroquois Theatre Fire in Chicago in 1903. His grandson, Dr. Samuel Newton Spring, was a noted forestry professor at Yale and Cornell, Dean of the New York State forestry department, and was a correspondent and friend of Franklin Delano Roosevelt. His great-great-grandson, Charles A. Spring IV, was a bridge engineer for United States Steel in Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="31188026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188026" title="Xanthorrhoea resinosa">
Xanthorrhoea resinosa

Xanthorrhoea resinosa (synonyms "X. hastilis", 
"X. resinifera"), is known as one of the Grass Trees, a mid-sized plant in the genus Xanthorrhoea. The specific epithet is from the Latin, meaning “having resin”. This perennial shrub is found in heathland or eucalyptus forest. 
This plant usually has no trunk, or a small trunk about 60 cm (24 in) high, under the skirt of leaves. It may grow to 2.5 metres (8 ft) tall. Similar in appearance to Xanthorrhoea media. The leaves are only 3 to 4 mm wide and glaucous. Flowering occurs between August and October. The flowering spike is shorter than the scape, and is particularly furry, due to the felty bracts.

</doc>
<doc id="31188030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188030" title="Lincolnwood High School">
Lincolnwood High School

Lincolnwood High School is a public high school located in Raymond in Montgomery County, Illinois serving Panhandle Community Unit School District 2, located in Montgomery, Christian and Macoupin Counties. The school was created in 1962 with the consolidation of the Farmersville, Harvel, Raymond, and Waggoner High Schools. The present campus opened in 1972. There is ongoing discussion about the possible consolidation with the adjacent Morrisonville Community Unit School District 1, located mostly in Christian County, and there have also been talks concerning the possible consolidation of those two districts with Nokomis Community Unit School District 22.
Student Organizations.
Local Organizations
National Organizations
Interscholastic athletics & activities.
Lincolnwood High School sponsors teams named the Lancers that compete as members of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA) and the MSM Conference:
Boys sports
Girls sports
Activities
The baseball team won the 2009 IHSA Class 1A State Championship. Since the school was formed by consolidation in 1962, it has won 8 Regional, 3 Sectional, 1 Super-Sectional, and 1 State title.
The boys basketball team has won 8 Regional championships, and the 1972 team also won the Sectional and Super-Sectional titles en route to a 3rd place finish in the IHSA Class A State Championships.
The volleyball team has claimed 3 District, 12 Regional, 4 Sectional, and 1 Super-Sectional championships, with the 1985 team advancing to the first round of the IHSA State Championship Tournament.
The boys golf team has won 3 Regional and 2 Sectional championships, and the softball team has claimed 5 Regional titles.

</doc>
<doc id="31188032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188032" title="Radical 104">
Radical 104

Radical 104 meaning "sickness" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 526 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188063" title="Doctor Who (series 6)">
Doctor Who (series 6)

The sixth series of British science fiction television programme Doctor Who was shown in two parts. The first seven episodes were broadcast from April to June 2011, beginning with "The Impossible Astronaut" and ending with mid-series finale "A Good Man Goes to War". The final six episodes aired from August to October, beginning with "Let's Kill Hitler" and ending with "The Wedding of River Song". The main series was preceded by "A Christmas Carol", the 2010 Christmas special. The series was led by head writer and executive producer Steven Moffat, alongside executive producers Beth Willis and Piers Wenger. Sanne Wohlenberg, Marcus Wilson, and Denise Paul served as producers. The series is the sixth to air following the programme's revival in 2005, and is the thirty-second season overall.
The series stars Matt Smith as the eleventh incarnation of the Doctor, an alien Time Lord who travels through time and space in his TARDIS, which appears to be a British police box on the outside. It also stars Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill as his companions, newlyweds Amy Pond and Rory Williams. Alex Kingston also returns as River Song, a mysterious woman from the Doctor's future who is revealed throughout the series to be Amy and Rory's part-Time Lord daughter and the Doctor's wife. In addition to River, the series continues story threads from the fifth series, most notably the Silence, the cause of the TARDIS exploding in "The Pandorica Opens" / "The Big Bang".
List of episodes.
<onlyinclude>
Supplemental episodes.
Two, three minute mini-episodes titled "Space" and "Time", directed by Richard Senior, were released on 18 March 2011, filmed under the sixth series' production cycle as part of BBC One's Red Nose Day telethon for the charity Comic Relief. The episodes form a two-part story, set entirely within the TARDIS, starring Matt Smith as The Doctor, Karen Gillan as Amy Pond and Arthur Darvill as Rory Williams, and were written by the programme's head writer Steven Moffat.
</onlyinclude>
Prequels.
A number of short prequel videos were released online prior to selected episodes' airings.
Casting.
Matt Smith, Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill continued their roles as The Doctor, Amy Pond, and Rory Williams. Darvill had appeared in the previous series in a recurring role, but became a regular in this series. Darvill had his "fingers crossed" that he would become a regular. Alex Kingston returned as River Song. James Corden also reprised his role as Craig Owens from "The Lodger" in "Closing Time", and Simon Callow briefly reprised his role as Charles Dickens from the first series episode "The Unquiet Dead". 
"A Christmas Carol" guest-starred Michael Gambon and Katherine Jenkins. Guest stars of the main series included Michael Sheen (voice), Imelda Staunton (voice), Suranne Jones, David Walliams, Hugh Bonneville, Lily Cole, Mark Sheppard, and Daniel Mays,
Production.
Development and writing.
The sixth series was commissioned in March 2010, before the fifth series aired. Neither Peter Bennett or Tracie Simpson returned as producers, with Sanne Wohlenberg covering the role for the "A Christmas Carol" and the first two episodes filmed for the main series ("The Doctor's Wife" and "Night Terrors"). Marcus Wilson produced every other episode except "Closing Time", where Denise Paul produces and Wilson is credited as "series producer". Production designer Edward Thomas was replaced by Michael Pickwoad. Lead writer and executive producer Steven Moffat stated that the purpose of the previous series was to "reassure" the audience that the show was the same, despite the many production changes. However, he wanted this series to be more of a "ghost train" and "worry" the audience. The series is much more serialised than previous ones; the arc-driven nature was inspired by positive reactions from fans when the Doctor from the fifth series finale "The Big Bang" appeared in the earlier episode "Flesh and Stone". Moffat decided to "rest" the Doctor's arch-enemies the Daleks for the series, as being the "most frequent" enemies of the show made them "the most reliably defeatable enemies in the universe".
The series continues to build the mystery of the Silence, which had been vaguely introduced in the fifth series. Moffat did not wish to end the arc in the previous series, as he felt it would be "more fun" to continue it. Moffat had planned the revelation about River Song "for a long time"; when creating Amy's character, he chose "Pond" for her last name to create a link. Moffat intended for the "answer to be as complicated as the question". Moffat informed Kingston of the secrets of her character at the end of the previous series and she was not allowed to tell anyone; Smith, Gillan, and Darvill were unaware of the identity of her character. River's identity was kept in top secrecy; the script read at the read-through of "A Good Man Goes to War" had a false ending, and only a select few were issued the real script.
Matthew Graham was not able to write an episode as he was slated to for the fifth series because he did not believe he would have enough time. Moffat then asked him to write the two-part episode "The Rebel Flesh"/"The Almost People". Neil Gaiman had written "The Doctor's Wife" for the previous series, but due to budget constraints it was replaced with "The Lodger". This necessitated changes to the script, including the addition of Rory as a companion. During the production process the order of the third, fourth and ninth episodes was changed. "The Curse of the Black Spot" was swapped with "Night Terrors" because Moffat felt that the second half of the series was too dark. This necessitated minor changes for the episodes to fit into the storyline, most notably in "Night Terrors".
Moffat wanted to start the series with a two-parter that had gravity and a wider scope in plot. He also aimed to make them some of the darkest episodes. In contrast, the following episode, "The Curse of the Black Spot", would allow the characters to "kick back and have some fun". Gaiman's episode was based around the TARDIS, and allowing the Doctor and the TARDIS to speak to each other. Graham's two-parter was intended to lead into "A Good Man Goes to War", the mid-series finale, but have a main plot about "avatars that rebel". Graham took Moffat's pitch and added many of his own aspects, such as the monastery setting and the Flesh. Then, in addition to revealing who River song is, "A Good Man Goes to War" presented the situation of the Doctor, who was typically a pacifist, being provoked enough to assemble an army. Moffat described the ending as "game-changing cliffhanger" and split the series in two because such a climax could not be done at the end of a series, as it would be "too long before it came back".
The mid-series premiere, "Let's Kill Hitler", was intended to be the opposite of the "grim and dark" tone of the series premiere. Mark Gatiss wrote "Night Terrors" to be a scary episode, surprised that dolls had not been used in "Doctor Who" before. "The Girl Who Waited" is a "Doctor-lite" episode which allowed Tom MacRae to explore Amy and Rory's characters and relationship. The concept of "The God Complex" was originally pitched by Toby Whithouse for the fifth series, but it was pushed back as Moffat felt that it was too similar to the stories in that series. The penultimate episode, "Closing Time", is a sequel to series five's "The Lodger" and allows the Doctor to have some fun while building up to the finale. Writer Gareth Roberts also wanted to bring back the Cybermen, there were no other returning monsters in the series and he thought "there should be a sense of history about the Doctor's final battle to save Earth before he heads off to meet his death". The finale was described by Moffat as "a big roller coaster ride of "Doctor Who" madness" and concludes the Doctor's death arc, though it intentionally leaves some mysteries.
Filming.
"Night Terrors" was the first episode to be filmed in September 2010. It was mainly filmed on a council estate in Bath, Somerset, with some scenes filmed in Dyrham Park. Production of "The Doctor's Wife" also occurred in September, with some in October. The two-part opening story was partially filmed in the United States, a first for the programme. This production was done in Utah in November 2010. The story was co-produced by BBC America, who provided extra money for filming in the States. "The Rebel Flesh" and "The Almost People" was filmed in late November 2010 to January 2011, with much location shooting at Caerphilly Castle. "The Curse of the Black Spot" was filmed in Cornwall as well as the Upper Boat Studios, while some of "A Good Man Goes to War" was filmed in a hangar in Cardiff and began shooting mid-January 2011. "The God Complex" was mostly filmed on constructed hotel sets, and the low-budget "The Girl Who Waited" was intentionally set in "big white boxes". "Closing Time" was filmed at night in a department store, as well as a private home in Cardiff, with some filming reports in March 2011. "Let's Kill Hitler" featured Swansea and Cardiff's Temple of Peace as locations in Berlin. Filming concluded on 29 April 2011 with "The Wedding of River Song", though a scene from "Let's Kill Hitler" was delayed and filmed on 11 July 2011.
Production blocks were arranged as follows: 
Promotion.
The first trailer for the sixth series was shown directly after "A Christmas Carol". In December 2010, BBC America began airing promotions for the new series with Smith and Gillan in character, announcing that they have landed in America. A 15-second teaser trailer was shown on BBC One at 9pm, 22 March 2011. This was followed by a one-minute trailer on 30 March 2011. BBC America followed with a one-minute trailer on 1 April. In addition, two radio trailers were broadcast in the UK in April.
On 10 June 2011, the BBC released a short 30-second teaser trailer for the second half of the series. Smith and Gillan, alongside executive producers Piers Wenger and Beth Willis and "The God Complex" writer Toby Whithouse, attended the 2011 San Diego Comic-Con International in late June to promote the second half of the series. There a one minute trailer and a clip of "The God Complex" was show. A 40-second trailer was released on 4 August 2011 for BBC One. A 30-second trailer from BBC America was released on 12 August 2011. An alternative trailer aired on CBBC in August 2011.
In addition, the BBC released prequels on the "Doctor Who" official website to promote some of the episodes. The first, for "The Impossible Astronaut", was released on 25 March 2011. Prequels were subsequently released to promote "The Curse of the Black Spot", "A Good Man Goes to War", "Let's Kill Hitler", and "The Wedding of River Song".
Broadcast.
For storytelling reasons, the series was split into two halves, with the first seven episodes airing in the spring from Easter 2011 and the final six airing in autumn. The first half aired in the United Kingdom on BBC One from 23 April 2011, and the second half from 27 August.
International broadcast.
In the United States, the sixth series began airing on BBC America on 23 April; following "A Christmas Carol", this is the first full series to air on the same day in the US as the UK. However, "The Almost People" and "A Good Man Goes to War" were delayed by one week due to expected low numbers of TV viewers during the Memorial Day weekend. Space aired the premiere on 23 April for Canadian viewers, and "The Impossible Astronaut" was broadcast in Australia on ABC1 on 30 April. The series started screening in New Zealand on Prime on 19 May 2011.
The second half of the series, beginning with "Let's Kill Hitler", was broadcast on 27 August 2011 on BBC America and on Space. ABC1 began the second run on 3 September. On Prime, it began airing from 15 September 2011.
Some international broadcasts, including BBC America, contained an introduction by Amy before the opening credits. Moffat was asked to write the sequence; he called it a "bloody good idea" because it would make it accessible to new audiences, despite noting that diehard fans would not like it. Previous showrunner Russell T Davies was also a fan of the sequence.
DVD and Blu-ray release.
All of the episodes from the first half of the series ("The Impossible Astronaut" to "A Good Man Goes to War") were released on 11 July 2011 on DVD and Blu-ray, entitled "Doctor Who: Series Six, Part 1". This set included two featurettes called "Monster Files", which looked into the Silence and the Gangers. "Doctor Who: Series Six, Part 2", covering episodes from "Let's Kill Hitler" to "The Wedding of River Song", was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 10 October 2011. It also contained two "Monster Files" on the Antibodies and the Cybermats. A 6-disc boxset containing all 13 episodes of the series and "A Christmas Carol" was released on 21 November 2011 in Region 1, 22 November in Region 2, on 1 December 2011 in Region 4. A limited edition box set was also released in the UK with a lifted image of a Silent on the cover and including five 3-D art cards. Special features included in the box sets are commentaries on five episodes, "Space" and "Time", the prequels, trailers, "Monster Files", and the cut-down versions of the accompanying "Doctor Who Confidential" episodes. Also included is "Night and the Doctor", which comprises five made-for-DVD mini-episodes.
Reception.
Ratings.
"A Christmas Carol" received final ratings of 12.11 million viewers, the fourth highest rated Christmas special behind "Voyage of the Damned", "The Next Doctor", and Part Two of "The End of Time". The ratings for the series dramatically increased once time-shifted viewers were taken into account. "The Impossible Astronaut" premiered with a consolidated figure 8.86 million viewers in the UK, and was reportedly the most recorded television event of all time. It also received 1.379 million requests on BBC's online iPlayer for the month of April. The series held a consistent viewership in the seven millions, with the lowest-rated episode being "The Almost People" with 6.72 million.
The series also received a strong Appreciation Index, with all episodes aside from "A Christmas Carol" in the "excellent" category of a score of 85 or more. While "The Impossible Astronaut" and "A Good Man Goes to War" reached 88, the finale only scored 86, compared to 88, 89, and 91 of the previous finales of the revived series.
In Canada on Space, "The Impossible Astronaut" was viewed by 538,000, the most-watched "Doctor Who" episode for the channel and its most-watched telecast thus far in 2011. On BBC America in the United States, "The Impossible Astronaut" was the channel's highest-rated telecast with 1.3 million viewers, increasing to 1.8 million when DVR recordings were taken into account. The second half of the series, with "Top Gear" and "Luther", contributed to the third quarter of 2011 being BBC America's highest rated. "Doctor Who" also became the most-downloaded show of 2011 on iTunes in the US, with the sixth series specifically topping the chart.
Reviews.
Reviewing the first half, Dave Golder of "SFX" praised the change in direction Moffat had taken with the show, calling it "more visually impressive and more narratively rewarding than anything we've had before". "The Guardian" Dan Martin was positive towards the first six episodes, despite calling "The Curse of the Black Spot" a "wasted opportunity" and noting that it would be a risk to serialise the story too much. He particularly praised the way Amy, Rory, and the Doctor had developed since the last series.
Sam McPherson of Zap2it said that, despite a few "duds", the sixth series was the "strongest" since "Doctor Who" revival in 2005. Despite disliking the finale as a conclusion, "The Independent" Neela Debnath praised the character development seen in the series as well as the "cinematic quality". She also was positive to the dynamic between the Doctor, Amy, and Rory, as it was different from other characters seen previously on the show, and continuing with the same character allowed the series to feel more "multi-layered". Charlie Jane Anders of io9 described it as "of the most unusual, and structurally ambitious, eras in "Doctor Who" history" and praised the way the story revolved around the Doctor. DVD Talk's John Sinnott gave the series four out of five stars, feeling that it "quite hit the heights" of the fifth series but was "still pretty good (and light years past any other SF show currently in production)". Despite finding the solution "witty, unpredictable ... and very satisfying", he stated that the subplots were "a bit convoluted" and potentially confusing, and they "seem to drop the mystery of the person in the space suit for a large part of the season and [focus on other odd events". He also noted that the plots of the consecutive episodes "Night Terrors", "The Girl Who Waited", and "The God Complex" were similar.
Reviewing the whole series, "SFX" Ian Berriman was more critical, giving it three and a half out of five stars. He heavily criticised the story arc, finding it too complicated and the solution unsatisfying, and noted that it lacked "emotional impact". Anders felt that the story arc, especially the finale, suffered from Amy and River not being portrayed as believable characters. Digital Spy named "Doctor Who" the eighth best show of 2011, feeling that the series was "something of a mixed bag" with episodes of varying quality but generally praised the acting of the cast "Matt Smith was firing on all cylinders - there's a confidence that comes with knowing you're a hit with viewers - while Arthur Darvill's Rory excelled in his first year as a series regular" Gavin Fuller of "The Daily Telegraph" wrote that "The Wedding of River Song" was "an uneven ending to a slightly uneven series which at times has been in danger of overcomplicating itself, but still has been one of the most creative and distinctive series on television". The series was also criticised by viewers and the press for being "too scary" for young children, "too complicated", and running the risk of alienating casual viewers. Arnold T. Blumburg of IGN stated that the sixth series "inspired seriously divided reactions in fandom" and, in his opinion, "the show has never been more unevenly written or emotionally distant".
Awards.
"A Christmas Carol" was nominated for the 2011 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation (Short Form), but lost to the fifth series finale "The Pandorica Opens"/"The Big Bang". "The Doctor's Wife", "A Good Man Goes to War", and "The Girl Who Waited" were nominated for the same award for 2012, with "The Doctor's Wife" winning. "The Doctor's Wife" also won the 2011 Ray Bradbury award.
At the 2012 BAFTA Cymru awards, the sound team was nominated for "Best Sound" for "The Wedding of River Song", and "The Impossible Astronaut" was nominated for "Best Television Drama". While both lost, the tie-in "" game "The Gunpowder Plot" won the category of "Best Digital Creativity & Games". The series was also nominated for a Saturn Award for "Best Youth-Oriented Series on Television". For his work on the series, Moffat received a nomination for Best Writer (Drama) for the Royal Television Society Programme Awards, though he lost to Peter Bowker of "Eric and Ernie". In Canada's Constallation Awards, Gillan was nominated for "Best Female Performance in a 2011 Science Fiction Television Episode" for her work on "The Girl Who Waited", while "Doctor Who" was nominated in the "Best Science Fiction Television Series of 2011" category. In the 2012 "TV Choice" Awards, Smith has been nominated for Best Actor, Gillan for Best Actress, and "Doctor Who" for Best Family Drama.
Soundtrack.
Selected pieces of score from this series (from "The Impossible Astronaut" to "The Wedding of River Song"), as composed by Murray Gold, was released on 19 December 2011 by Silva Screen Records. The music from "A Christmas Carol" was released separately on .

</doc>
<doc id="31188066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188066" title="Radical 105">
Radical 105

Radical 105 meaning "footsteps", "dotted tent" or "legs" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 15 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188070" title="Calto (opera)">
Calto (opera)

Calto is an "opera seria" in 3 acts by Francesco Bianchi. The libretto was by Giuseppe Maria Foppa, after the 'celtic' poetry of Ossian. The opera was first performed at the Teatro San Benedetto in Venice on 23 January 1788. 
"Calto" was an innovative work with some special instrumentation. As Marita P. McClymonds explains ""Bianchi uses flat keys, fluctuating modes, chromatic dissonances and an unusually wide range of wind timbres (oboe, bassoon, clarinet, horn and English horn) for maximum dramatic effect.""
Synopsis.
Calto claims his rightful throne from the usurper Duntalmo, but the latter is saved by Corimba, who turns out to be both Duntalmo's daughter and the mother of Calto's two children.

</doc>
<doc id="31188075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188075" title="Good Friends, Good Whiskey, Good Lovin'">
Good Friends, Good Whiskey, Good Lovin'

"Good Friends, Good Whiskey, Good Lovin'" is the title of a song written and recorded by American country music artist Hank Williams, Jr.. It was released in May 1990 as the second single from his album "Lone Wolf". The song peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart and peaked at number 16 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart. This was Williams' last Top 10 hit.

</doc>
<doc id="31188085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188085" title="Jurka Vas">
Jurka Vas

Jurka Vas () is a village on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Straža in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31188093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188093" title="There You Are (Willie Nelson song)">
There You Are (Willie Nelson song)

"There You Are" is the title of a song written by Mike Reid and Kye Fleming, and recorded by American country music artist Willie Nelson. It was released in September 1989 as the second single from his album "A Horse Called Music", and his last release in the 1980s. The song peaked at number 8 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31188105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188105" title="Radical 106">
Radical 106

Radical 106 meaning "white" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 109 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188111" title="Science and Technology Museum">
Science and Technology Museum

Science and Technology Museum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31188122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188122" title="Sweet Memories (song)">
Sweet Memories (song)

"Sweet Memories" is a song written by Mickey Newbury and performed by Andy Williams. The song reached #4 on the adult contemporary chart and #75 on the "Billboard" chart in 1968.
Willie Nelson version.
Willie Nelson released a version of the song in January 1979 and was the second single from his album "Sweet Memories". The song peaked at #4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached #1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31188123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188123" title="Battle of Ismailia">
Battle of Ismailia

The Battle of Ismailia took place between the Egyptian Army and the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) during the last stages of the Yom Kippur War during October 18–22, 1973, south of the city of Ismailia, on the west bank of the Suez Canal in Egypt. The battle itself took place as part of the larger IDF-launched Operation Abiray-Lev, in an attempt to seize Ismailia and thereby sever the logistical and supply lines of most of Egypt's Second Field Army across the Suez Canal.
Breaking out of their newly established bridgehead west of the Canal at the northern end of the Great Bitter Lake, the IDF launched an offensive from Deversoir toward Ismailia. A combined force of Egyptian paratroopers and commandos fought a delaying battle, falling back upon defensive positions further north under increasing pressure from IDF infantry and armor. By October 22, they were occupying a last line of defense, including positions along the Ismailia canal. Though outnumbered, they repulsed a final Israeli effort to capture the city; a United Nations ceasefire was then imposed, bringing the battle to an end. The Egyptians registered a tactical and strategic victory in the defense of Ismailia, stopping an encirclement of their large forces on the east bank of the Suez Canal and ensuring their supply lines remained open.
Background.
On October 6, 1973, Egypt launched Operation Badr, which started the Yom-Kippur War. It succeeded in crossing the Suez Canal and establishing bridgeheads on the east bank in Israeli-occupied Sinai, and counter-attacks by launched by Israeli reserves were unsuccessful. By October 10, fighting along the front had come to a lull. Egyptian President Anwar Sadat soon ordered an offensive to seize the strategic Sinai mountain passes, despite protests and objections by his senior commanders against such an offensive. Sadat hoped to divert Israeli pressure from the Syrians. The October 14 offensive was ill-planned and ill-executed, and culminated in heavy Egyptian losses without achieving any objectives.
The failed Egyptian offensive gave the initiative to the Israelis, who immediately launched Operation Abiray-Lev, aiming to cross the canal between two Egyptian armies in order to encircle Egyptian forces on the east banks and cut their supply lines. Optimistically planned, the operation began smoothly, but quickly ran into problems. The Israelis faced difficulties in establishing a corridor to the canal due to unexpectedly determined resistance by Egyptian defenses, in what became known as the Battle of the Chinese Farm. After several days of heavy fighting, they were able to secure the roads to the canal, and by October 18 had two bridges laid down at Deversoir, at the northern end of the Great Bitter Lake. By the next day there were three Israeli armored divisions across the canal. Two advanced south toward Suez City, while the 143rd Armored Division under Major General Ariel Sharon advanced north to seize Ismailia, hoping to sever the supply lines to three Egyptian divisions of the Second Field Army across the canal.
Prelude.
The west bank of the canal was lined with a series of ramparts up to high, which the Egyptians referred to as "strong points". These were used during the opening days of the war to allow Egyptian forces to directly fire on the Israelis on the east bank. There were five strong points between the Great Bitter Lake and the Ismailia Canal, from north to south: a pumping station at Deversoir, the village of Serabaeum, Touscan, Heneidac and Jebel Mariam. The area was largely agricultural, intersected with dikes and irrigation ditches, although these did not present significant obstacles. There were several villages and numerous farms, especially orchards of mango and orange trees. The density of foliage made the terrain unsuitable for vehicles. The Israelis called it the "jungle" or "Vietnam". West of the Suez Canal, and running parallel to it, was the Sweetwater Canal, which distributed freshwater to the inhabitants of the canal zone and its cities. It branched from the Ismailia Canal, running east from the Nile River near Cairo to Lake Timsah at Ismailia. There were four bridges across the Ismailia Canal. The first was the Abu Gamus Bridge at Ismailia. Two bridges, one railroad and one vehicular, were located at the village of Nafisha, on the western outskirts of Ismailia. Further west was the Upper Bridge, as it was called. Engineers had wired the bridges with demolition charges for destruction should they fall to the Israelis. Second Army's reserve included the 10th and 118th Mechanized Infantry Brigades, with the latter occupying a series of fortified defenses on the northern bank of the Ismailia Canal.
The 182nd Paratrooper Brigade, comprising the 81st, 85th and 89th Battalions (each composed of three companies) under the command of Colonel Ismail Azmy, was assigned responsibility for defending the area south of Ismailia against an Israeli offensive. Azmy arrived at Nafisha with the bulk of his brigade at midnight on October 17, where he was briefed by Brigadier General Abd el-Munim Khalil, commander of Second Army. Khalil identified the west bank strong points as objectives for the paratroopers to secure, as the ramparts could be used to provide fire support to Egyptian forces on the east bank. The paratroopers would also hold Serabaeum and the bridges there over the Sweetwater Canal.
The 85th Paratrooper Battalion, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel 'Atef Monsif, had been involved in a recent counter-attack against Deversoir. Despite breaking through in certain areas and even seizing part of the airstrip at Deversoir, the paratroopers and their supporting armor were greatly outnumbered and the counter-attack failed. The battalion suffered around a hundred dead, missing or wounded, and by dawn on October 18 it had been pulled back to Inshas Military Base for reorganizing. The only other Egyptian forces in the area were commandos, the 73rd Battalion of the 129th Sa'iqa (lightning) Group. The Sa'iqa had also been engaged in heavy fighting at Serabaeum, Deversoir and the nearby military base of Abu Sultan. By late October 17, the battalion's two companies had been ordered to withdraw from the vicinity of Deversoir northward to defend Serabaeum.
On October 18, Sharon's division across the canal included the 243rd Paratrooper Brigade under Colonel Danny Matt and an armored brigade under Colonel Haim Erez. Sharon, wanting to expand the Israeli bridgehead northward, received permission to cross a third unit, an armored brigade under Colonel Amnon Reshef, to the west bank, and did so on October 19. The paratroopers and part of the armor had been holding the Israeli bridgehead since October 16, facing little resistance, while Reshef's brigade had been involved in heavy fighting at the Chinese Farm until it was relieved by Israeli reinforcements.
Battle.
First day.
On the morning of October 18, Israeli paratroopers began their first push northward. Sharon ordered the attack, even though he had not yet received permission to launch an offensive in that direction. An Israeli battalion moved toward Serabaeum, spearheaded by a company mounted in half-tracks. The village was then occupied by a company of the 73rd Sa'iqa battalion, and the defenders received a platoon of reinforcements to compensate losses. The Israelis began receiving fire as they approached the town, but the battalion commander decided to push ahead. As they entered the village, they encountered heavy resistance, and the lead half-track was cut off. Fourteen men including the company commander, Captain Asa Kadmoni, managed to take cover in one of the houses. Kadmoni took up a position covering several approaches and, with ammunition passed on to him by others, held his position for over three hours, engaging the Egyptians at ranges of to , hitting their positions with his LAW anti-tank weapon. Other paratroopers with armor managed to reach the unit and retrieve them, before the Israelis withdrew under Egyptian pressure. The paratroopers suffered 11 killed and 27 wounded in the attack. Kadmoni would be awarded the Medal of Valor for his performance that day.
The Sa'iqa battalion's other company was occupying positions just north of Abu Sultan. Despite receiving the order to retreat during the night of October 17–18, the Egyptians were heavily outnumbered and the intensity of the fighting prevented them from withdrawing from their positions. Consequently, Heikal ordered artillery barrages on the area, including the Sa'iqa company's position, inadvertently leading to friendly-fire casualties. Soon after the firing subsided, Israeli paratroopers attacked at morning, and severe fighting, including hand-to-hand combat, ensued. Both sides suffered heavy losses, but the Sa'iqa held its position. At night, both companies retreated. The 73rd Battalion sustained 85 casualties, including 11 officers, throughout the fighting on October 18, and subsequently was withdrawn to be reconstituted.
That morning, Azmy's paratroopers moved south to their objectives, reaching them with relative ease. The 89th Battalion occupied all five strong points between Jebel Mariam and the pumping station. The commander made the mistake of separating his forces equally among all five strong points, rather than concentrating his forces at the southernmost strong points. However, from the rampart at the pumping station, the paratroopers could clearly see the Israeli pontoon bridge at Deversoir, and corrected artillery fire being directed against the bridge. Second Army's artillery forces continued to fire almost unceasingly until the following day, sometimes scoring hits on the bridge. Egyptian artillery fire against the bridges would inflict heavy casualties on the Israelis until the end of the war.
The accuracy of the Egyptian artillery strikes alerted the Israelis, who attacked the strong point at the pumping station with armor and seized it. Instead of concentrating forces for a counter-attack, the battalion commander used only the forces originally assigned to the strong point in a counter-attack to regain it, which inevitably failed due to the paucity of forces. Meanwhile, the 81st Battalion reached Serabaeum where they established defenses, mainly at a position south of the railway station, at a hill called Orcha by the Israelis. At this point, only these two paratrooper battalions were positioned between Sharon's division and the Ismailia Canal.
During the afternoon that day, Egyptian Chief-of-Staff Saad el-Shazly arrived at Second Army Headquarters in Ismailia, at President Sadat's request. Shazly sought to assess the situation and to work with Khalil on a plan to counter the Israeli advance. They agreed to withdraw the 15th Armored Brigade from the east bank and keep it north of Ismailia as a reserve force, and to have Egyptian forces on the east bank attack southward to sever or at least narrow the Israeli corridor to the canal. Azmy's brigade meanwhile would continue defending the area south of the Ismailia Canal, and additional Sa'iqa units would be committed. Shazly also solved a major problem concerning anti-tank weaponry. Azmy's brigade was almost completely lacking anti-tank weapons; it had been stripped of its anti-tank guided missile (ATGM) battalion, equipped with AT-3 Saggers and RPG-7s, which was sent to the east bank to support the initial offensive. This battalion, and a second belonging to the 118th Infantry Brigade, were now withdrawn from the east bank throughout October 18 and brought back to their units. Shazly and Khalil carried out these orders in relative secrecy, as they were disobeying direct orders from Sadat and the Minister of War, Ahmed Ismail, not to withdraw any units from the east bank. Several measures decided upon were not implemented however.
Second day.
Amnon Reshef's armored brigade completed its crossing that morning, and joined Sharon's division, just as the latter received actual approval to begin an offensive toward Ismailia. In the meantime, the 85th Battalion had completed reorganizing at Inshas Base and returned to Ismailia, where it was placed under Azmy's command once again. The 129th Sa'iqa Group retreated to Abu Suweir, north of Ismailia, to reorganize, and Heikal was also informed of his group's new area of operations, with the objective of defending the Upper Bridge, and the crucial Cairo-Ismailia Desert Road that incorporated the bridge.
Sharon ordered Matt to push northward to Serabaeum again, where paratroopers of the 81st Battalion were occupying defenses. The attack failed once more, and Sharon now sent Reshef on Matt's left flank. Using a battalion of some thirty tanks with mechanized infantry, Reshef used his superior maneuverability to flank the Egyptian position. There was heavy, close-quarter fighting in the trenches, and extra units were brought up against the Orcha position. The paratroopers reported their defenses to have been penetrated during the afternoon, and they later withdrew after detonating the bridges over the Sweetwater Canal at Serabaeum. The Israelis captured Egyptian positions in the area, and discovered that Orcha Hill contained a major Egyptian radio intercept station. The capture of Orcha caused the collapse of Egyptian defenses in the area; the paratroopers pulled back to the village of Ain Ghasin five kilometres north, and Azmy ordered the 89th Battalion to withdraw to the adjacent Touscan strong point, abandoning the ramparts at Serabaeum. These were occupied by the Israelis, which they used to fire on Egyptian positions across the canal. The Egyptians hastily organised defenses at Touscan. This new line of defenses was just over 12 kilometres south of Ismailia.
Meanwhile, Egyptian General Headquarters (GHQ) in Cairo, sent the 139th Sa'iqa Group with its two battalions to Ismailia. They were given the objective of eliminating Israeli forces up to the Deversoir area and destroying Israeli bridges across the Suez Canal. A team of frogmen was attached for that end, and the group had no armor or heavy weaponry, and their only transports were large military trucks. GHQ did not include Second Army command in any of the planning, and in fact only notified Second Army of the operation on the morning of October 19, when the Sa'iqa Group had already began moving to Ismailia from Cairo. This alarmed Second Army command, and Khalil ordered military police to stop the 139th Sa'iqa Group's vehicles at Abu Suweir, and have its commander, Colonel Osama Ibrahim, arrive at his headquarters in Ismailia. Ibrahim arrived that evening and met Khalil and Shazly. Both men were shocked when they learned of Ibrahim's objectives, imaginary as they were and impossible to achieve, an indication of the state of confusion in GHQ at the time. Khalil canceled the entire operation and placed the Sa'iqa unit under Second Army's command instead, and Ibrahim in turn notified GHQ of his new orders. By midnight he was at Khalil's headquarters once more, where he was informed GHQ's reply: Ibrahim would proceed with his original mission.
Third and fourth days.
Starting at sunrise on October 20, the Israeli Air Force launched aerial attacks for the duration of the day, targeting Ismailia, the nearby al-Galaa' army base, and Jebel Mariam. Close air support was also provided to advancing ground forces. Israeli aircraft employed ordnance fitted with time fuses, as well as napalm to demoralize Egyptian troops. Shazly left Ismailia that evening, returning to Cairo where he presented a grim evaluation of the military situation to GHQ. His recommendation to withdraw armored forces to counter the Israeli threat on the west bank created a serious command crisis, and ultimately no withdrawal took place.
Sharon renewed his division's attack that day, moving north from Serabaeum on a three brigade front, with Matt on the right, Erez in the center, and Reshef on the left. The advance spanned the entire area between the Suez Canal on the east and the Sweetwater Canal on the west. By dawn, both Touscan and Ain Ghasin were under attack. The 89th Battalion had concentrated all its forces at the Touscan strong point, where it was hard-pressed by superior Israeli armored and mechanized forces. Azmy reported the situation to Second Army headquarters, and requested permission to detonate a nearby bridge on the Sweetwater Canal and flood the area before the advancing Israelis. Khalil however issued strict orders not to do so, since the canal was a crucial source of drinking water to civilians all the way up to Suez city. The situation was deteriorating for the paratroopers however, and Azmy soon had the bridge destroyed and broke down sections of nearby irrigation canals, flooding the entire area and submerging Israeli tanks up to their hulls in muddy water. This led to the paratroopers of Matt's brigade spearheading the advance in the center instead, while the armored brigades were forced to have their mechanized infantry push ahead on foot. The Touscan position remained under heavy air and artillery attack, and by midday it was surrounded. Losses due to death and injury left the battalion with some 120 paratroopers still able to fight.
Meanwhile, the 81st Battalion was able to hold Ain Ghasin until the afternoon, when it retreated to Nefisha. As for the reconstituted 85th Battalion, it was ordered to occupy Jebel Mariam, Heneidac and Touscan. The battalion's commander, Lt. Col. Monsif, found during a reconnaissance that Touscan was surrounded by large Israeli forces and under heavy fire, and so limited his battalion's defenses to Jebel Mariam and Heneidac only, occupying the former with the battalion's main forces, including two companies of paratroopers, and placing a single company at Heneidac.
The 139th Sa'iqa Group, having had its mission confirmed by GHQ, began moving southward from Ismailia at sunset. Both battalions advanced in columns, each pushing a company ahead as a vanguard. Col. Ibrahim sent four patrols ahead to reconnoitre, and only one returned; the rest were considered missing. As the Sa'iqa group moved south, they encountered groups of Egyptian paratroopers from the 81st and 89th Battalions, retreating northward under Israeli pressure. When the unit neared Ain Ghasin they were ambushed by an Israeli force. An intense firefight took place as the vanguard engaged the Israelis, after some of their transports had been hit. Soldiers disembarked their vehicles and took cover in nearby farms and orchards. The vehicles and transports were turned back with great difficulty, and the entire Sa'iqa group soon began to retreat to a position south of the village of Abu 'Atwa, itself roughly 3 kilometres south of Ismailia. Ibrahim called for artillery support, but the Israelis were jamming and interfering his radio net, and communicated with him in Arabic. This led to Israeli artillery fire falling on his forces instead. The Egyptians suffered few casualties though, due to the density of the mango trees, which minimized the hit radius of artillery rounds and provided cover from shrapnel.
Retreat to Ismailia Canal.
Meanwhile, Heikal was able to contact Ibrahim and asked him to arrive at headquarters in Ismailia due to a change in orders, and he arrived sometime after midnight. Khalil had managed, after a lengthy and drawn-out conversation, to convince GHQ to cancel the operation and place the 139th Sa'iqa Group under his command to assist in fortifying Ismailia instead of sacrificing the elite force in a suicidal mission, and GHQ finally acquiesced. Ibrahim was now tasked with occupying and defending Abu 'Atwa and Nefisha. He reorganized his force, and occupied both villages with a battalion each by dawn on October 21.
Despite the near-debacle, the commitment of the Sa'iqa, along with the paratroopers of the 85th Battalion, had actually reinforced Egyptian defenses and helped defeat the Israeli attack. The battle continued south of Lake Timsah in see-saw fashion, raging back and forth, but by nightfall on October 20 the Israelis had made no progress, and the Egyptian paratroopers were firmly in control of Touscan. According to Trevor N. Dupuy, by this time Israeli artillery fire had made the main Cairo-Ismailia road unusable.
Azmy lost contact with the 89th Battalion during the night, due to the intensity of Israeli bombardment on Touscan. At morning on October 21 the Israelis attacked again, and the paratroopers managed to repulse the attack again, before falling back. By dusk the battalion had abandoned the Touscan strong point and managed to retreat northward. Azmy had the 81st and 89th Battalions pulled back to the Ismailia Stadium, where they were to be reconstituted. The Israelis also attacked Heneidac at dawn that day using armor and infantry with air and artillery support, and captured the position before noon. The paratrooper company there pulled back north and joined the rest of the 85th Battalion at Jebel Mariam, now the only defensive position occupied by the 182nd Paratrooper Brigade, and the last position on the Suez Canal before Ismailia.
Israeli command conflict.
During this time, Major Generals Shmuel Gonen and Chaim Bar-Lev, the heads of Israeli Southern Command and Sharon's superiors, continued to press Sharon to send forces to the east bank to widen the corridor to the Israeli bridgehead, while Sharon ignored these commands repeatedly, claiming that the attacks were unnecessary. Gonen finally issued a peremptory order to Sharon to transfer troops to the east bank and conduct a full-scale attack to widen the corridor. Sharon only sent five tanks as reinforcement to the armored brigade on the east bank tasked with launching the attack. Consequently the Israelis suffered heavy losses and the assault was repulsed. Gonen and Bar-Lev were now joined by Lieutenant General David Elazar, and ordered Sharon to renew the attack, this time transferring Reshef's brigade. Sharon opposed this however, and argued that if he succeeded in his mission, the Egyptian Second Army would collapse, thereby eliminating any Egyptian threat to the Israeli corridor and bridgehead. He retorted with the claim that had it not been for Southern Command's hesitation, he could have encircled Ismailia by now. When his superiors remained adamant, Sharon bypassed the chain of command and contacted the Minister of Defense, Moshe Dayan, who called off any further attacks on the east bank. As a result, Sharon would be able to concentrate his attention and the efforts of his three brigades in the final push to capture Ismailia.
Fifth day.
Egyptian preparations.
With Egyptian forces occupying a final line of defense, Khalil focused on preventing any Israeli crossing of the Ismailia Canal. To this end, he concentrated a large amount of firepower from various artillery units. Following the Israeli crossing, Brigadier General Abd al-Halim Abu Ghazala, commander of Second Army artillery, had managed to reorganize around ten artillery battalions in fire bases north of the Ismailia Canal, and incorporated the divisional artillery of Egyptian units on the east bank of the Suez Canal – an additional eight battalions. Abu Gazala thus had at his disposal between 12 and 16 battalions available for a single barrage incorporating a total of some 280 artillery guns. He also organized anti-tank defenses, emplacing eight Sagger launchers at the easternmost Upper Bridge, and allocating six BRDMs with Sagger launchers.
The 118th Mechanized Infantry Brigade was assigned positions occupying the bridges of the Ismailia Canal, and was to defend the city and nearby al-Galaa' army base. The 85th Paratrooper Battalion was directly ordered by Khalil to "hold Jebel Mariam to the last bullet and the last man", due to its critical importance and dominance, overlooking Ismailia itself and the main approaches to the city. In addition to Second Army's supporting artillery, the 182nd Paratrooper Brigade's 120 mm mortar battalion, with eighteen mortars, was attached to the paratroopers at Jebel Mariam, significantly increasing their firepower. As for the 139th Sa'iqa Group, its two battalions occupied Abu 'Atwa and Nefisha, and a company from the battalion at Nefisha was kept in reserve. While preparing defenses, the Sa'iqa were confronted with huge numbers of civilians, mainly farmers, fleeing northward with as many belongings and livestock as possible, cluttering and blocking roads.
Final Israeli attack.
Throughout the night of October 21/22, the large artillery forces the Egyptians had concentrated began harassing the Israelis. The Egyptians had identified command posts and tank concentration areas for attack, especially at Serabaeum and Ain Ghasin, as well likely routes of attack, and continued to provide a withering fire support during the Israeli attack. At morning, Israeli aircraft attacked Egyptian positions, concentrating on Jebel Mariam, Abu 'Atwa, Nefisha, and al-Galaa' base, and at noon they destroyed the Abu Gamoos Bridge at Ismailia. At this time, company-sized units of armor and infantry advanced against the Upper Bridge and the bridges at Nefisha but were repelled by Sagger missiles.
At around 10:00 am, the Israelis renewed the attack, moving toward Jebel Mariam, Abu 'Atwa and Nefisha. The paratroopers at Jebel Mariam became engaged in intense fighting but, with their advantageous position, were able to repel the attack by late afternoon. Meanwhile the Israelis concentrated artillery and mortar fire against the Sa'iqa positions at Abu 'Atwa and Nefisha. At noon, advance Israeli elements engaged with a Sa'iqa reconnaissance unit, and the Israelis lost two tanks and a half-track. At 1:00 pm, an Israeli paratrooper company attacked Abu 'Atwa without first scouting ahead, and was ambushed and annihilated. The attack ended after paratroopers suffered over fifty casualties and lost four tanks.
At the same time, two tank companies and mechanized infantry attacked Nefisha, supported with close air support. The Egyptian commando battalion in charge of Nefisha managed to repel the attack after prolonged, heavy fighting that closed to very short distances. The Israelis lost three tanks, two half-tracks, and a large number of men. For their part the Sa'iqa at Nefisha lost 24 commandos, including four officers, and 42 wounded, including three officers. Edgar O'Ballance mentions a counterattack by the Sa'iqa which took place during the afternoon and pushed some of Sharon's troops back along the Sweetwater Canal. The Israeli attack had been thoroughly routed.
Aftermath.
With nightfall, the ceasefire imposed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 338 came into effect at 6:52 pm, ending the battle. A large number of Israeli wounded were still on the battlefield. Sharon requested helicopters to evacuate the wounded, but Bar-Lev replied in the negative, as it was dark and too risky to land helicopters near the battlefield. The Israelis worked to extract the wounded from the battlefield anyway, and the rescue operations took some four hours before most of the wounded were finally evacuated. When sunrise arrived, Israeli paratroopers and Egyptian Sa'iqa sometimes found that there were no more than 20 meters separating their positions, but the ceasefire held.
The combined Egyptian paratrooper-commando force managed to achieve a tactical and strategic victory at a time when Egypt's general situation on the battlefield was deteriorating, and GHQ was in a state of confusion. Sharon's advance toward Ismailia had been halted, and Second Army's logistical lines remained secure. According to Dupuy, the Israelis remained about ten kilometers south of Ismailia, now mostly a wrecked city.
While the Egyptians attribute their successful defense of the city to their staunch resistance, Sharon would remain adamant after the war that he had failed to capture Ismailia due to Southern Command's interference. Sharon – who was a member of the political opposition in Israel – insisted that political issues played into hampering his advance against Ismailia. Sharon would frequently encourage his men by telling them ""The secretary of the Likud Party is here with you.""
Ismail Azmy's decision to detonate a bridge over the Sweetwater Canal on October 20 in order to stall an Israeli attack, in violation of direct orders not to do so, led to him being relieved of his command on October 25, three days after the ceasefire. Captain Asa Kadmoni, who was awarded Israel's highest military decoration for his actions on October 18, later returned his medal as a protest against his government's defense policy.
Post cease-fire reconciliation.
Israeli journalist Abraham Rabinovich, in his account of the Yom Kippur War, writes that despite being involved in intense fighting for several days, the Egyptian and Israeli soldiers in the Ismailia sector who survived the battle were among the first to reconcile, even when the first ceasefire was broken in the south and fighting resumed. On the morning of October 23, an Israeli paratroop company under Captain Gideon Shamir was deploying near the Ismailia Canal, when Shamir saw Egyptian commandos, probably from the unit he had engaged the night before, encamped in an orchard less than 100 meters away. Wishing to ensure there would be no more killing in his sector, Shamir instructed his men to cover him and, taking a soldier who spoke Arabic, went to the commandos, shouting "Cease-fire, peace" so as not to surprise the Egyptians. The commandos held their fire as the two Israelis presented themselves, and soon summoned their company commander, who identified himself as Major Ali.
Both men agreed to avoid shooting, and to avoid getting anyone on either side hurt. Ali even surprised Shamir by predicting that Sadat wanted peace with Israel, not just a cease-fire. In coming days, soldiers from both sides would come out to the clearing between their positions and fraternized. When shooting erupted in nearby sectors, they would return to their respective positions. Initially, the Egyptians would fire if it was nighttime, but the Israelis held their fire, and soon the Egyptians stopped firing as well. Soon, the commandos and paratroopers would meet daily, drinking coffee, playing backgammon and soccer, getting to personally know each other, and occasionally holding a kumzits, with the Egyptians slaughtering a sheep and the Israelis presenting food parcels sent from home. The example set by the Egyptians and Israelis here was soon emulated in other sectors, and even Sharon came to see for himself the "local armistice" that had taken place. At one point, two officers came with Ali to meet with Shamir and said they hoped relations between Egypt and Israel would come to match the relations between Shamir's and Ali's men.
Rabinovich writes of this:

</doc>
<doc id="31188131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188131" title="Radical 107">
Radical 107

Radical 107 meaning "skin" or "hide" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 94 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188142" title="Natural spin turn">
Natural spin turn

The natural spin turn is a ballroom dance step used in the Waltz. It is typically used to advance a couple 7/8ths of a turn down line of dance, although an underturned spin turn is also very useful for turning a corner. The natural spin turn is also considered an intermediary step toward learning pivots.
Footwork.
The natural spin turn consists of the first half of a natural turn followed by an under-turned pivot.
Underturned spin.
The underturned spin is a useful variation on the Natural spin turn that allows a leader to navigate a corner. The step is identical to the natural spin turn but only rotates 3/8 of a turn on steps 1-3 and 3/8 of a turn on 4-6.

</doc>
<doc id="31188168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188168" title="It's a Cheating Situation">
It's a Cheating Situation

"It's a Cheating Situation" is a single by American country music artist Moe Bandy with Janie Fricke. Released in January 1979, it was the first single from his album "It's a Cheating Situation". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31188172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188172" title="Isaac Habrecht II">
Isaac Habrecht II

Isaac Habrecht II (1589-1633) was a professor of astronomy and mathematics in Strasbourg. He was also a doctor of medicine and philosophy.
Uranography.
Isaac Habrecht II made a celestial globe and a couple of celestial planispheres. He introduced some constellations that created by a Dutch cartographer Plancius. And he invented now obsolete constellation "Rhombus". It followed by a French cartographer Royer. Later, it tuned into "le Reticule Romboide" (now Reticulum) by a French astronomer de Lacaille.

</doc>
<doc id="31188191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188191" title="The Great Kai &amp; J. J.">
The Great Kai &amp; J. J.

The Great Kai & J. J. is an album by American jazz trombonists Kai Winding and J. J. Johnson featuring performances recorded in 1960 as the very first release for the Impulse! label (A-1 for the mono LP, AS-1 for the stereo one).
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars and stated "the music still sounds fresh and lively". 
Track listing.
"Recorded on October 3, 1960 (track 1), November 2, 1960 (tracks 3, 6, 7), November 4, 1960 (tracks 5, 8, 10, 11) and November 8, 1960 (tracks 2, 4, 9)"

</doc>
<doc id="31188196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188196" title="1F">
1F

1F may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31188234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188234" title="William Crake">
William Crake

William Parry Crake (11 February 1852 – 1 December 1921), sometimes known as William Parry, was an English amateur footballer who won the inaugural F.A. Cup with the Wanderers in 1872 and played for the English XI against Scotland in the representative matches between 1870 and 1872. By profession, he was a merchant in India.
Family and education.
Crake was born in Madras, India where his father had been in business. He was educated at Harrow School between 1866 and 1870. At Harrow, he was a member of the school football team in 1868 and 1869; he also played cricket for the school in his last two years.
On 2 April 1881, he married Emily Noble Chase in Madras; they had two sons: 
Football career.
He played football for several clubs, including the Barnes Club, Harrow Chequers and the Wanderers. He played as a forward and was described in the 1873 "Football Annual" as "a very neat dribbler, slow but certain" and "very useful on the side". He made his debut for the Wanderers on 5 January 1870 at Crystal Palace, having been introduced to the club by E. E. Bowen, a master at Harrow School.
In March 1870, he and Bowen were selected for the first unofficial international match between an English XI and a team representing Scotland, which had been arranged by another Old Harrovian, C. W. Alcock. One match report said that Crake "deserved no little praise for the energy of following-up throughout the game". He also played for England in the matches played in November 1870 and February 1871 (listed as a member of the Barnes Club) and November 1871 (now with Harrow Chequers).
In 1871, Wanderers were one of 15 clubs who entered the inaugural FA Cup competition. Wanderers reached the final where they met a side from the Royal Engineers. Crake played as one of eight forwards as Wanderers claimed the trophy for the first of five times, with the single goal coming from Morton Betts. 
Crake continued to play for the Wanderers until 1874, making a total of 23 appearances with three goals.
Cricket career.
Crake was a keen cricketer who played for various clubs, including M.C.C. and the Free Foresters. In June 1868, aged 16, he played for the M.C.C. against his own school.
Professional career.
By the end of the 1870s, Crake had returned to India and set up as a merchant. Following his retirement in 1892, he returned to England to live in Norfolk Crescent, near Hyde Park, London where he died on 1 December 1921, aged 69. He was buried at Kensal Green Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31188235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188235" title="Your Love Had Taken Me That High">
Your Love Had Taken Me That High

"Your Love Had Taken Me That High" is a song written by Jack Dunham and Galen Raye, and recorded by American country music artist Conway Twitty. It was released in November 1978 as the second single from his album "Conway". The song peaked at number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31188250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188250" title="Radical 108">
Radical 108

Radical 108 meaning "dish" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 129 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188252" title="Personnel Detection Device">
Personnel Detection Device

The Personnel Detection Device (PDD), produced by Saab, is a type of vest which the soldier wears during exercise. The vest contains detectors that record hits and misses from laser operated weapons. Detectors can also be placed on the soldiers’ helmets. 
When soldiers participate in military exercises their actions can be recorded. This is done with the help of sensors and various software programs. However, the soldier needs to be connected to this system somehow. This is what the Personnel Detection Device (PDD) does. 
When the enemy fires at the soldier wearing the PDD, the PDD laser detectors register whether the shot would have been a hit or not. This information is then presented on a computer screen that the supervisor of the exercise can read. This enables a more realistic training for soldiers. This is important and the point of simulated training.
The system also enables the exercise to be accompanied by audio effects, for example the sound of a bullet swooshing by. Through the loudspeakers the soldier receives information, e.g. that he or she has been hit, or additional information from the supervisor. The soldier is also told what type of wound the hit inflicted as well as how much time they have to get medical care. Hence, this is a type of simulated military training mentioned in the article military simulation.

</doc>
<doc id="31188259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188259" title="Hohenlohe Railway">
Hohenlohe Railway

The Hohenlohe Railway () (called the Kocher Railway in the time of the Royal Württemberg State Railways) is a double-tracked, main line railway in southwest Germany that runs from Heilbronn, crossing the Hohenlohe region.
History.
In February and March 1857, the towns of Crailsheim, Heilbronn, Künzelsau and Weinberg petitioned the King and the Estates of Württemberg to be linked by a railway. In April, the Wurttemberg Chamber of Deputies recommended the construction of a railway line on the Heilbronn–Crailsheim–Nuremberg route. In May 1858, the Estates supported a route via Weinsberg and Öhringen to Crailsheim. This variant, proposed at a formal meeting of the Oberamt (district) of Weinsberg and by the people of the Weinberg valley, was the longest of three considered and, because it required the construction of the 891 m long Weinberg tunnel between Heilbronn and Weinberg, was much more expensive but had the advantage that all the major places in the Weinberg valley, including importantly Weinberg, could be connected to each other. The Heilbronn–Schwäbisch Hall section was opened on 4 August 1862 and the Schwäbisch Hall–Crailsheim section was opened on 10 December 1867. Planning and construction of the line were supervised by Carl Julius Abel. The original single-track line was duplicated between 1887 and 1890.
In 1879 the Murr Valley Railway was connected to the Kocher Railway in the then neighboring town of Hessental rather than to Schwäbisch Hall station. This was disadvantageous for Schwäbisch Hall as a trip to Stuttgart required a detour via Hessental. As a result Hessental station became more important than Schwäbisch Hall station, although it is 4 km from the city centre.
Development as a Stadtbahn route.
Since December 2005, the Heilbronn Stadtbahn has run on the Hohenlohe line to Öhringen-Cappel. This service operates as line S4 of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn. This section of the line was electrified for this service and eight new stations were built. To carry out this work at a lower cost the whole line between Öhringen and Heilbronn was closed between June 2003 and December 2005 and replaced by a bus service, avoiding the expenditure of € 4 million, according to the DB. Despite this measure, there were repeated unplanned additional costs and delays in rebuilding the line.
Even after the development of the line for the Stadtbahn, Deutsche Bahn still operates the route, through its subsidiary Westfrankenbahn, with Regional-Express services between Heilbronn and Crailsheim, as well as Regionalbahn services between Öhringen and Crailsheim (with a change in Schwäbisch Hall-Hessental). The Stadtbahn between Heilbronn and Öhringen is operated by Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft, using Stadtbahn electric multiple units of GT8-100C/2S and GT8-100D/2S-M classes. The Regional-Express services have used railcars of class 642 since December 2008 and Regionalbahn services between Öhringen and Schwäbisch Hall-Hessental continue to use class 628 diesel multiple units, which previously also ran between Heilbronn and Öhringen. Between Heilbronn and Öhringen there is and additional pair of locomotive-hauled trains in the morning rush hour.
Freight.
Since the re-opening of the line between Öhringen and Heilbronn in December 2005, wagons are shunted daily between the factory of the Öhringen packaging manufacturer Huber and Heilbronn. In addition, freight trains run between Crailsheim and Hessental on the Nuremberg–Kornwestheim marshalling yard (Stuttgart) route.
Heilbronn Stadtbahn inner city line.
Between Heilbronn Trappensee and Heilbronn Karlstor stations the ramp to the Heilbronn Stadtbahn inner city line branches off. After the Stadtbahn stop in the forecourt of Heilbronn Hauptbahnhof, the Stadtbahn runs over a level crossing of the Franconia Railway on to the Kraichgau Railway to Karlsruhe.
Patronage.
According to surveys of Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft in 2008, 13,400 passengers use the Stadtbahn daily on the route between Heilbronn and Öhringen. The patronage of DB Regio was around 700 passengers a day; in 2002, before the launch of the Stadtbahn, it was 585.
Future.
An extension of Stadtbahn from Öhringen-Cappel to Waldenburg or Schwäbisch Hall is being considered. A connection to Künzelsau via Waldenburg was being examined in 2008.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="31188262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188262" title="Red Dragon (musician)">
Red Dragon (musician)

Leroy May (born c.1960), better known as Red Dragon and initially as Redman, is a Jamaican deejay active since the early 1980s.
Biography.
Born in Kingston, Jamaica, May deejayed with several sound systems in the early 1980s, including Barrington Hi Fi, Stone Love, People's Choice, and his own Rambo Mango, initially working under the name Redman. His "Laughing Dragon" dubplate became popular, prompting a change of stage name to Red Dragon. Early recordings included "Computer" for producer Charlie Chaplin, "Nah Get Nutten" for Harry J, and his first big hit "Hold a Fresh" for Winston Riley. He went on to record for King Tubby and King Jammy, and in 1989 his debut album was released, a split LP with his brother, the deejay Flourgon. He also started his own Dragon label, and moved into production, and helped to nurture the early careers of artists such as Buju Banton and Terry Ganzie. In the early 1990s, he returned to recording, enjoying hits with a variety of producers including Riley, Bobby Digital, and Sly & Robbie, and had a major hit single along with Brian & Tony Gold with "Compliments on Your Kiss" in 1994, the single reaching number two in the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31188278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188278" title="Nellikuzhi">
Nellikuzhi

Nellikuzhi is a Grama panchayat in Kothamangalam Taluk, Ernakulam district, Kerala, situated between them on the Aluva-Munnar State Highway. It covers an area of , and is a suburban area of Kothamangalam town, 3.5 km away. Muvattupuzha and Perumbavoor towns are 15 km from Nellikuzhy. Nellikuzhi is the hometown of Sri T. M. Meethian, Ex-MLA of Kothamangalam, a mediator in Kothamangalam Taluk.
Demographics.
As of 2001, its total population was 29,593, for a density of . There were 14,932 males and 14,661 females. The literacy rate was 86.61%.
History.
The first Iramalloor Village unit was formed in 1946, covering the Panchayat area as part of old Travancore under Muvattupuzha Taluk before formation of Travancore-Cochin state in 1949. Nellikuzhi Panchayat was formed in 1953 and was divided into two villages in 1988 as Iramalloor and Thrikkariyoor.
According to the available historical evidence, Kothamangalam was a place of prominence during the rule of the First Chera Dynasty, the dynasty that ruled Kothamangalam from around 300 BC to the first millennium. Cheras was also known as Kothai. The capital of the Chera kingdom was Karur. This led historians such as Professor Joseph Mundasseri and Kanakasabhato to claim that Thrikkariyoor, a village 3 km north of Kothamangalam, could have been the ancient capital of Cheras. However, this claim did not receive wide support.
It is believed that until the 8th century followers of Lord Buddha lived in Nellikuzhi area.
There was an old rajapatha (road) between Thrikkariyoor and Thrikkakara called Pezhakkapilli road in the olden days.
Economy.
Nellikuzhi is a prominent furniture market in Central Kerala, attracting workers from across India. It is an important educational centre in Kerala, too.
Educational institutions.
Nellikuzhi Grama Panchayat hosts several professional institutions, including an engineering college, dental college, and ayurveda college.

</doc>
<doc id="31188310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188310" title="Arabian Horse (album)">
Arabian Horse (album)

Arabian Horse is the eighth studio album by GusGus, released in 2011. It has the same line-up as the previous album, "24/7": President Bongo, Biggi Veira and Daníel Ágúst Haraldsson, and the return of Urður "Earth" Hákonardóttir and guest spots from Högni Egilsson of Hjaltalin and Davíð Þór Jónsson. The photo used for the cover art is by Wojtek Kwiatkowski.
Track listing.
All songs written by GusGus.

</doc>
<doc id="31188322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188322" title="Radical 109">
Radical 109

Radical 109 meaning "eye" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 647 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188324" title="Don't You Think This Outlaw Bit's Done Got Out of Hand">
Don't You Think This Outlaw Bit's Done Got Out of Hand

"Don't You Think This Outlaw Bit's Done Gone Out of Hand" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Waylon Jennings. It released in October 1978 as the second single from his album "I've Always Been Crazy". The song peaked at number 5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31188340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188340" title="Pipestone Indian School Superintendent's House">
Pipestone Indian School Superintendent's House

The Pipestone Indian School Superintendent's House served as the home of the superintendent of the Pipestone Indian School from its construction in 1907 to the closure of the school in 1953. It then served as a private residence until 1983, and is now used for storage by the present owner, Minnesota West Community College. 
In 2006 the property was added to the 10 Most Endangered Historic Places list of the Preservation Alliance of Minnesota as it was considered to be in immediate need of stabilization.
The superintendent's house is the last of what was once a boarding school campus of more than 60 buildings, and one of only 11 built of red quartzite. The Indian school was built under the auspices of the Dawes Severalty Act of 1887, which sought to assimilate Native Americans into mainstream American culture. Education was recognized by the federal government as a way to increase control over them while at the same time separating them from their cultural ties. Children from many parts of the Midwestern United States and from tribes including the Dakota, Oneida, Pottawatomie, Arikaree, Sac and Fox were brought to the school, often with strong objections from their parents. With changing government policies the school declined and was closed in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="31188371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188371" title="Amin Hassan Omar Abdullah">
Amin Hassan Omar Abdullah

Dr. Amin Hassan Omar Abdullah is the Minister of State at the Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sports in Sudan.
Early life.
Amin Hassan Omar Abdullah was born on November 6, 1951, in White City in western Sudan and received his university education at the University of Khartoum from 1971 to 1975 School of Political Sciences. He then earned a Ph.D. in political science from the University of Missouri in the United States.
Career.
He was a public relations officer for a private company, director of the Office of the Attorney General, Journal of Arabia (press release), deputy editor - the managing editor (Banner), Director of Research Center for Social Studies - Khartoum, the Secretary General of Ministry of Culture and Information, Press Counselor to the President of the Republic At the same time Chairman of the Board. in the era of National Rescue work and Minister of State, Ministry of Culture and Information, Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Editorial Board Casablanca national flags, Chairman, National Authority for Television, Chairman of the Board of Directors of communication technology, Chairman of the Board of Directors of telephones to call automation, Director General of the Sudanese Radio and Television.
Member.
Amin Hassan Omar, a member of: Member of the World Federation of writers and thinkers (Pakistan), Chairman of the Board of Directors of the business property, a member of the Union of Writers Sudan (78–1981 m), a member of the Union of Writers Sudan (85–1989 m), a member of the Union of Journalists, a member and Chairman of the Board Department of Television, a member of the Council of the Press and Publications (sessions I and II), a member of the Board of Directors of the Arabsat satellite 2003-2007, Member of the Technical Committee for the preparation of the 1998 constitution, a member of the National Committee for the preparation of the 1998 constitution, a member of the government delegation for the negotiations, IGAD, member of the art of the Interim Constitution, 2005 Member National Committee of the Interim Constitution, 2005 Member of the government delegation to Mquaodhat Darfur - Abuja, Chairman of the Khartoum international channel, head of the Center for Islam and the modern world, the Director-General of the Sudanese Radio and Television.

</doc>
<doc id="31188380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188380" title="List of Europop artists">
List of Europop artists

Europop refers to a style of pop music that first developed in today's form in Europe, throughout the late 1970s. Europop topped the charts throughout the 1980s and 1990s. Some Europop stars came from France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Netherlands and the United Kingdom, but most were Swedish in origin. In the 1970s, such groups were primarily popular in continental countries, with the exception of the biggest Europop outfit ever, Swedish 4-piece ABBA, who achieved great success in the UK, where they scored a 19 top 10 singles and 9 chart-topping albums, and in North America and Australia. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Roxette and Ace of Base led Europop in American and British mainstream audiences. In the 1990s, pop groups like the Spice Girls, Aqua, Backstreet Boys and singer DJ BoBo were strongly influenced by Europop. In the 2000s, one of the most popular representators of Europop music is Swedish pop group Alcazar. One of the main differences between American and European pop is that Europop is generally more dance and trance oriented. In central Europe, Italo disco (a.k.a. ’80s Eurodisco) and Euro house (a.k.a. ’90s Eurodance) (later) are the predominant attempts by young musicians to have a hit record in and beyond the borders of their own country.
List of Europop artists:

</doc>
<doc id="31188381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188381" title="Burgers and Fries">
Burgers and Fries

"Burgers and Fries" is a song written by Ben Peters and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride. It was released in October 1978 as the second single and title track from his album "Burgers and Fries". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
The song is a young man's reflection of a relationship that had failed. He recalls how simple things used to be between the two, recalling the simplicity of such things as "burgers and fries and cherry pies," hand-holding walks along the beach and drive-in movies on moonlit nights, all before things changed between the two and he doesn't know why. He then notes he wishes things could go back to the way they were before. The song was later featured in the 1997 thriller film "Breakdown", starring Kurt Russell.

</doc>
<doc id="31188415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188415" title="Ullibarri-Gamboa">
Ullibarri-Gamboa

Ullíbarri-Gamboa (at Euskara and officially Ganboa Uribarri) is a municipality in the municipality of Arrazua-Ubarrundia, province of Álava Basque Country (Spain). Ullíbarri-Gamboa means Villa"or"new town of Gamboa in Basque, where Gamboa the name of the vicariate to which he belonged this population and that of a neighboring fraternity, which did not belong Ullíbarri however, since it was integrated into the fellowship of Ubarrundia.The Ullíbarri-Gamboa reservoir hosts has long been a distinguished and growing recreational use of the Natural Environment of recognized social value, contributing to the Nature Tourism a peculiar mark of quality in the Historical Territory of Álava. Being one of the main reservoir of drinking water in Alava and Vizcaya, the Ullíbarri-Gamboa reservoir gives life to an environment that has taken advantage of the changes that humans introduce into the landscape, and conforms to their expense aquatic environments high environmental value.
Wedged between the Alava Plain and the mountains of the watershed north of the historic territory, a transition zone between oceanic and continental interior of the Iberian peninsula, the natural environment combines oak and oaks with areas of dense banks, lake and marsh ecosystems with large water bodies and urban areas and playgrounds, making possible human use compatible with conservation of natural resources.
The serene ride, bird watching, cycling, picnicking, swimming, activities Interpretation of Nature or the mere contemplation of the landscape are particularly suitable activities to be carried out in the Provincial Parks Garaio and Landa, the Ornithological Park Mendixur within the Ramsar area of the tailings dam Ullíbarri-Gamboa, and the Green Road which runs along its banks.
Location.
This village of 60 habitantsn(2001) is known mainly for its name to the Ullíbarri-Gamboa (or Zadorra), whose dam is built nearby. Ullíbarri Marsh is the largest in the Basque Country (220 Hm 3) and plays a triple role, that of supplying water to Álava and Vizcaya, to regulate river flow and the Zadorra serve as a recreational area, one of the most frequented in summer. The dam of the reservoir (gravity) is located between the villages of Ullíbarri and Arroyabe.
Construction dates.
The construction of the dam since 1947 and during the 1950 completely changed the life and appearance of the people, because even if the center of the town (the church) and most of the houses narrowly escaped being a water banks of the reservoir, the majority of farmland were flooded, residents must reorient their activities mainly to farming or being forced to migrate to the city of Vitoria.
I need help!! please!!
Ullíbarri position at the edge of the dam has given the people of special scenic beauty that attracts visitors and has also motivated the construction of some second homes in the village. As most prominent example of the activities related to the dam is in Ullíbarri-Gamboa are the facilities and the Yacht Club Pier Vitoria. The club is located 15 minutes from Vitoria and primarily promotes the activity of sailing and windsurfing activities fully sustainable with the environment of the reservoir. In summer up north wind force 4 after noon ideal for windsurfing and cools the environment.
i need help please!!!!!
Characteristics.
Ullíbarri position at the edge of the dam has given the people of special scenic beauty that attracts visitors and has also motivated the construction of some second homes in the village. As most prominent example of the activities related to the dam is in Ullíbarri-Gamboa are the facilities and the Yacht Club Pier Vitoria.
The club is located 15 minutes from Vitoria and primarily promotes the activity of sailing and windsurfing activities fully sustainable with the environment of the reservoir.
In summer up north wind force 4 after noon ideal for windsurfing and cools the environment.
Path of the reservoir.
There is also a path that you can do by Ullibarri Gamboa.A 45-mile pedestrian and mountain bike, divided into two circuits of 13 and 33 respectively kiómetros will allow you to experience the rich natural landscape and Ullíbarri-Gamboa reservoir in the heart of the Historical Territory of Álava. Recreational parks, beaches, floating walkways, oak forests and wetlands of high ecological value are just some of the attractions that this route offers.

</doc>
<doc id="31188447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188447" title="List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Taiwan)">
List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Taiwan)

This is a list of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Taiwan). Over the years the channel has aired numerous programs and movies. The channel airs both original and third party content.

</doc>
<doc id="31188464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188464" title="Pagoeta Natural Park">
Pagoeta Natural Park

Pagoeta Natural Park is a park in Spain. Mount Pagoeta is closest to the villages of Aia and Laurgain, and near the coastal towns of Zarautz and Orio. The Park features a park house, a museum, and picnic areas. Group guided tours are available.
Features.
The Natural Park, covering an area of 2,860 hectares, was created by the agricultural activities of the village and differs from many parks for that reason. Instead of demonstrating only natural landscape, it shows the impact of human intervention in the environment. For example, installations remain throughout the park for making charcoal from wood and the water-powered Aborregi forge has been reconstructed. In additional to demonstrating historical practices, the park continues to display human intervention in the environment, with reforestation and the formation of an exotic species botanical garden. There are also archaeological remnants of the prehistoric occupants of the area, with dolmens, barrows and cave deposits.
Climate.
The park has mild, moist temperatures year round, with an annual temperature average of 12 and 13 °C and rainfall exceeding 1,600 mm.
Flora and fauna.
The park has large woods, colorful in autumn, featuring groves of beech, oak and alder. It is home to a number of species of birds, including the Citril Finch and the Water Pipit. Among the animals found there are wild boar, wildcats, and marten. Roe deer have been reintroduced.

</doc>
<doc id="31188467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188467" title="Legality of cannabis by U.S. state">
Legality of cannabis by U.S. state

The use, possession, sale, cultivation, and transportation of cannabis (marijuana) in the United States under federal law is illegal but the federal government has announced that if a state wants to pass a law to decriminalize cannabis for recreational or medical use they can do so, but they need to have a regulation system in place for cannabis. Cannabis is listed as a Schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, the highest classification under the legislation. This means that the substance has been decided by the federal government to have both high abuse potential and no established, safe medical use.
However, individual state laws do not always conform to the federal standard. State-level proposals for the rescheduling of cannabis have met with mixed success. A number of states have decriminalized the substance to varying degrees, other states have created exemptions specifically for medical cannabis, and several have both decriminalization and medical laws. Two states, Colorado, and Washington, have legalized the recreational use of cannabis following the approval of state referenda in the 2012 elections; similar ballot measures in Oregon and California have barely failed. Recently, the state of Maryland passed legislation that decriminalized possession of 10g or less of cannabis and simultaneously created a medical cannabis regulatory framework to dispense to patients and caregivers in the state. New York and Minnesota have now also passed Medical Cannabis laws.

</doc>
<doc id="31188473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188473" title="Radical 110">
Radical 110

Radical 110 meaning "spear" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 65 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188513" title="Physical geography of the Basque Country">
Physical geography of the Basque Country

The physical geography of Euskal Herria is very diverse despite the small size of the region. The territory hosts a blend of green and brown to yellowish tones, featuring hilly terrain altogether. The Basque Country spreads from the rough coastal landscape to the semi-desert of the Bardenas on the south-eastern fringes of Navarre.
The main natural limits of the Basque Country are the Cantabrian Sea (south Bay of Biscay) in the north and in the west side, and in the south side, the Ebro river. The highest point in the Basque Country is the Hiru Erregeen Mahaia peak (2438 m high).
The Coast.
The coast of the Basque Country has 3 different sides. First, the coast of Biscay is really rough but in general there are big beaches. In addition, there are at least two big estuaries, that of Ibaizabal (known also as the Ría de Bilbao) and Urdaibai.
The coast of Gipuzkoa shows a more rugged terrain and in general the slopes are steeper. From the limit of Biscay to Zumaia there are smaller beaches and they are more rocky. East of Zumaia, they are larger and longer. When different rivers join the sea, small estuaries can be found (Oria), and in the others, maritime branches (Urumea, Bidasoa).
But the coast of Lapurdi is more flatter. The beaches are more longer and the height of the slopes gentler. The rivers Bidasoa and Adour join the ocean in Lapurdi.
Mountains.
The Basque country is mountainous. Most of the mountains are along an east-west axis, at the west of the Pyrenees.
The most important rock there is the limestone, but there are mountains that they are composed with other materials, for example, Aiako Harria is composed with granite.
The highest mountain is Hiru Errege Maila.
The south of Álava and Navarre is the middle east limit of Cantabrian Mountains. There are mountains like Kodes and Toloño. Between those importants mountains there are Euskal mendiak: Urbasa, Andia, Aralar, Anboto, Ordunte or Aizkorri.
Rivers.
The Ebro is the largest river which cross the Basque Country, it has 910 km, and flows along the southern boundary of the Basque Country before it joins the Mediterranean sea. On its way east, the Ebro harvests the water of a string of tributaries, such as Zadorra, Baias, Ega and Aragon. Aragon's course is the longest with 192 km. The river rises in Astun, located in Aragon, it flows down past the Esa reservoir, and crosses thereafter eastern Navarre until it joins the river of Ebro.
Aturri, which joins the sea in the coast of Basque Country, is the largest river and has the biggest water flow. Its source is in Tourmalet and it joins the sea in Baiona, crosses 335 km of land, the last 30 km of which are in Basque Country. It has several tributaries from the Pyrenees, including the Biduze, Errobi, and Aran. Like Aturri, other Basque rivers join the sea in the Bay of Biscay, such as Nerbioi, Bidasoa, Oria, Deba, Urola, Urumea. The Nerbioi is the longest such river in the Basque Country, with a length of 75 km.
Forests.
The forest of Irati is the largest in the Basque Country, and one of main is beech forests in Europe. It covers parts of Lower Navarre, Zuberoa and Spanish Navarre.
Otherwise, from Sakana to Aezkoa extending all over the north of Navarre, deciduous forests abound. These breed of trees can be also found on the east of Álava, in the region called Mendialdea and Araialdea, and in Zuberoa and Lower Navarre. They exist in Gipuzkoa too, in the middle of Urola and in Aralar.
In Biscay, there are evergreen forests throughout 66% of the entire province. The main exceptions of this are some places of Enkarterri and in Durango (Urkiola Natural Park). In Gipuzkoa, 56% of the trees there are conifers, but in Álava they consist of only 28% of the trees.
Currently, 55% of Basque Country (autonomous community) is covered by trees, and in Navarre the figure is 45%.
Desert.
The natural park of Barde is the biggest desert, it is located in the south east of Navarre. It has 41.845 hectares,on th one hand it has 45 km from the north side to the south side and on the other hand 24 km from the west side to the east side.

</doc>
<doc id="31188514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188514" title="Radical 111">
Radical 111

Radical 111 meaning "arrow" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 64 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188519" title="That's What You Do to Me">
That's What You Do to Me

"That's What You Do to Me" is a song written by Johnny MacRae and Bob Morrison, and recorded by American country music artist Charly McClain. It was released in August 1978 as the third single from her album "Let Me Be Your Baby". The song peaked at number 8 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31188528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188528" title="She Says (album)">
She Says (album)

She Says () is Singaporean Mandopop Singer-songwriter JJ Lin's Eighth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 21 January 2011 by the Ocean Butterflies Music and distributed by Avex Taiwan.
In this album, JJ Lin will be covering 10 songs that he had written for other female singers. Some of these songs includes five songs which he performed at the Golden Melody Awards ceremony this year. At the awards, he gave a stunning performance of songs that were nominated ”Best Mandarin Album” award.

</doc>
<doc id="31188533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188533" title="Hiriko">
Hiriko

The Hiriko is a folding two-seat urban electric car being developed by the Hiriko Driving Mobility consortium in the Basque Country. The electric car is the commercial implementation of the CityCar project developed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Lab since 2003. The name Hiriko comes from the Basque word for "urban" or "from the city".
Three versions are being developed: the Fold microcar; the Alai, a convertible; and the Laga, a small truck. The Hiriko is designed specifically for short-distance urban carsharing programs and municipal fleets. A manufacturing trial of 20 pre-production cars began in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain, in July 2012. A pilot program is scheduled to take place in Germany in 2013 to integrate the Hiriko Fold into Deutsche Bahn's railway service to allow their customers the possibility of using a vehicle parked at the station with which to complete the last mile of the journey to their final destinations.
Production was planned for the second quarter of 2013 with retail deliveries were initially scheduled to begin in 2014, at a price starting at () plus battery leasing fees. In May 2013 the Hiriko consortium announced the project is having difficulties to continue with the commercial development phase due to lack of financing.
History.
The concept behind the Hiriko urban electric car was originally conceived by William J. Mitchell and his Smart Cities Research Group at the MIT Media Lab in 2003 as the MIT Car and later the CityCar project. Upon William Mitchell's death, the project was led by Kent Larson, director of the Changing Places Research Group. The commercial development of the Hiriko began in 2010 in the Science park of Alava, Basque Country, by the Spanish consortium Hiriko Driving Mobility in collaboration with the Changing Places Group and the Spanish government, which provided million ( million) in financial support.
The Hiriko Driving Mobility consortium includes seven Spanish companies under the promotion and leadership of the Association for the Development and Promotion of Industrial and Sport Activities from Alava (Afypaida), the Basque Center for Innovation Denokinn, and the Entrepreneurship and New Business Development Epsilon Euskadi.
A production prototype of the Hiriko Fold was formally unveiled by the President of the European Commission José Manuel Durão Barroso in January 2012.
The variable wheelbase concept of the Hiriko first featured in the 1992 Renault Zoom concept car. The folding city car was invented in 1929 by Engelbert Zaschka, a three-wheeler with a single cylinder engine on the rear, which could be disassembled into three pieces.
Specifications.
The Hiriko car is a two-seat all-electric microcar designed to be used for short-distance urban trips intended for car sharing. The microcar is powered by a lithium-ion battery pack that allows a range of . The drive motors are located inside each of the four wheels, and has an electronically controlled maximum speed of . The consortium has plans to develop three versions: the Fold microcar, now in pre-production and testing; the Alai, a convertible; and the Laga, a small truck.
The Hiriko Fold weighs less than , has an extended length of and its hinged body allow the microcar to retract its front and rear modules, enabling the Hiriko to fold upwards to for parking. This feature allows three and a half Hiriko Folds to fit in a typical urban parking space. Each of the four wheels can turn 60 degrees left or right, enabling the car to travel sideways, which makes parallel parking a very easy maneuver to accomplish, and this flexibility allows the car to spin on its central axis. Furthermore, the battery pack is placed on the vehicle's floor producing a low center of gravity.
The driver and the passenger enter and exit the car through the front hatch that houses the windshield. The conventional steering wheel and the brake and throttle controls were replaced with a device similar to an airplane's yoke. When the driver pushes the control stick forward the car speeds up, while when pulled back the car slows down. Turns are made by moving the yoke control left or right.
Demonstration projects.
Production of 20 test pre-production cars began in July 2012 in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain. These demonstrator vehicles will be used for display and testing.
In December 2012, Hiriko and Deutsche Bahn announced an agreement to start a carsharing pilot program in Germany in 2013 to integrate the Hiriko Fold into Deutsche Bahn's railway service to allow their customers the possibility of using a vehicle parked at the station with which to complete the last mile of the journey to their final destinations. The electric car sharing system is denominated eFlinkster, and Deutsche Bahn is already operating several of such car sharing fleets. The agreement also includes an initial phase in 2013 in which the Hiriko folding is to be tested and adapted for public use in Berlin, and an official and broader roll out is planned for 2014.
Production and sales.
The Hiriko Fold was unveiled in March 2013 at the Geneva Motor Show, and production was scheduled to begin during the second quarter of 2013. Retail deliveries were scheduled to begin in 2014. Pricing starts at () plus battery leasing fees. The consortium's plan is to sell the Hiriko to municipalities, including Barcelona, Berlin and San Francisco. The company also plans to promote the cars to cities across Europe to expand their carsharing programs. Among others, transport managers from the Basque biosphere reserve of Urdaibai, Ibiza, Hong Kong and Florianópolis in Brazil have expressed interest in using the Hiriko in carsharing systems. In June 2013, the Hiriko was formally registered in the Brazilian national registry of intellectual property.
In May 2013 the Hiriko consortium announced that they are having difficulties to continue with the commercial development phase due to lack of financing. For the its research and development phase, the consortium was granted millions (~ million) from the Minister of Industry, and additional million (~ million) from the Basque Government. A government spokeswoman said they that Hiriko has fulfilled its research objectives, for which they provide financial support. The government stated that financing for commercial development must come from the private sector and that the Basque Government is willing to continue participating with venture capital funds once the Hiriko obtains official industrial approval for production.

</doc>
<doc id="31188536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188536" title="Boogie Grass Band">
Boogie Grass Band

"Boogie Grass Band" is a song written by Ronnie Reno, and recorded by American country music artist Conway Twitty. It was released in July 1978 as the first single from his album "Conway". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31188567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188567" title="When I Stop Leavin' (I'll Be Gone)">
When I Stop Leavin' (I'll Be Gone)

"When I Stop Leavin' (I'll Be Gone)" is a song written by Kent Robbins, and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride. It was released in May 1978 as the first single from his album "Burgers and Fries". The song peaked at number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31188572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188572" title="Radical 112">
Radical 112

Radical 112 meaning "stone" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 499 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188593" title="Kesavanputhenthurai">
Kesavanputhenthurai

KesavanPuthenthurai is a coastal village in Tamil Nadu, India. It is located 14-km from Nagercoil and 25-km from Kannyakumari.
Rice is the staple food of the people, although for some people in the hilly areas, tapioca is the main food. Though there are some vegetarians among the populace, a majority of the people use agro, meat and fish products. Fish caught in the seas around the district during the night or early morning hours reach the markets in the interior towns and villages in the early morning. The food is spicy, and the people in the district tend to use more grated coconut in their curries and food-preparations, like neighbouring Kerala.
As coconut trees are abundant in this place, the place might have derived its name from them. This village had, in ancient times, trade relations with foreign countries like Arabia.
Majority of the people speak Tamil, Malayalam and English.
Churches.
Kesavanputhenthurai has a church called the Church of the Imm. Heart of Mary, which was established in 1070. The church has a beautiful statue of the Blessed Immaculate Heart of Mary. Its length is 200 feet, 70 feet wide and height is 160 feet. The Central Dome of the church has a Virgin Mary. The church has a statue of the Blessed Immaculate Heart Of Mary. There are also three smaller churches: St. Holy cross church, St. Peter church and St. Michael Church Click here.
[http://www.facebook.com/pages/Kesavanputhenthuraiindia/109570135788326]

</doc>
<doc id="31188604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188604" title="I Can't Wait Any Longer">
I Can't Wait Any Longer

"I Can't Wait Any Longer" is a single by American country music artist Bill Anderson. Released in April 1978, it was the first single from his album "Love and Other Sad Stories". The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31188611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188611" title="The Incredible Kai Winding Trombones">
The Incredible Kai Winding Trombones

The Incredible Kai Winding Trombones is an album by American jazz trombonist Kai Winding featuring performances recorded in 1960 for the Impulse! label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars calling it "Fine straight-ahead music obviously most enjoyed by listeners who like the sound of trombones". 

</doc>
<doc id="31188650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188650" title="Night Time Magic">
Night Time Magic

"Night Time Magic" is the title of a song written and recorded by American country music artist Larry Gatlin. It was released in 1978 as the first single from his album "Oh Brother". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31188690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188690" title="Do I Love You (Yes in Every Way)">
Do I Love You (Yes in Every Way)

"Do I Love You (Yes in Every Way)" is a single co-written by Paul Anka, and made most famous by American country music artist Donna Fargo. Released in December 1977, it was the second single from her album "Shame on Me". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Anka himself recorded a number of versions of the song. Released as a single in 1971, "Do I Love You" reached No. 14 on the Easy Listening Singles chart and was a minor hit on the Hot 100 as well. In 2012, he re-recorded the song as a duet with Dolly Parton for his album "Duets".

</doc>
<doc id="31188713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188713" title="I Might as Well Believe (I'll Live Forever)">
I Might as Well Believe (I'll Live Forever)

"I Might As Well Believe (I'll Live Forever)"" is a single by Canadian country music artist Carroll Baker. Released in 1977, it was the fourth single from her album "Sweet Sensation". The song reached number one on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada in April 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31188724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188724" title="Radical 114">
Radical 114

Radical 114 meaning "rump" or "track" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 12 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188753" title="Long District">
Long District

Long District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31188758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188758" title="Whistleblowers Australia">
Whistleblowers Australia

Whistleblowers Australia Inc. is an association for those who have exposed corruption or any form of malpractice, especially if they were then hindered or abused, and for those who are thinking of exposing it or who wish to support those who are doing so. The organisation began as Whistleblowers Anonymous in 1991. 
Whistleblowers Australia Inc. is an association of self-help and mutual help and campaigns. The organisation has its own constitution. There are quarterly newsletters of 'The Whistle' available. There is also a sister website.
Publications.
There is a variety of publications that describe these activities, including Whistleblowers Stories, Reference Books and Reports.
Standards, policies and procedures.
The organisation can provide information in the form of guides from various governments, statutory organisations and ethics organisations that relate to whistle-blowing.
Legislation.
There is legislation governing whistle-blowing in both private sector and public sector employment, at Commonwealth and various State and Territory levels.
Civil Law Remedies.
In Australia there exists a variety of remedies to retaliation shown to whistle-blowers; in common law, state and federal statutes.

</doc>
<doc id="31188759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188759" title="I'm Getting High Remembering">
I'm Getting High Remembering

"I'm Getting High Remembering" is a single by Canadian country music artist Carroll Baker. Released in 1979, it was the second single from her album "If It Wasn't for You". The song reached number one on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada in May 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="31188796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188796" title="You Made My Day Tonight">
You Made My Day Tonight

"You Made My Day Tonight" is a single by Canadian country music group Canadian Zephyr. Released in 1978, it was a single from their album "The Best of Canadian Zephyr". The song reached number one on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada in March 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="31188797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188797" title="Radical 115">
Radical 115

Radical 115 meaning "grain" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 431 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188818" title="Rokkk">
Rokkk

Rokkk (English translation: "Banned") is a 2010 Bollywood horror film starring Tanushree Dutta and Udita Goswami. It is the first time that these two actresses star in a movie together. The movie is directed by Rajesh Ranshinge. It is based on supernatural thoughts and inevitable emotions. The movie does not contain any songs.
Plot.
The story narrates two female protagonists Anushka (Tanushree Dutta) and Ahana (Udita Goswami). Ahana and Anushka are sisters. Anushka is married to an elderly man; Ravi (Sachin Khedekar). He is a widower and ties the knot with her after his first wife, Pooja's unknown and untimely death. Anushka's mother refuses to accept their marriage. The couple begin their journey in a new home purchased by Ravi 2 years ago. Anushka's life takes an unexpected twist. She tells this to her husband who thinks that she is only hallucinating and they decide to go back to their previous home, but the horror does not seem to stop in this house either. Anushka suspects that Pooja (Ravi's first wife) is behind all of these nerve wreaking incidents.
She seek the advice from a healer (Arif Zakaria) who tells her about the cursed house and that who ever will pass from the shadow of that house will be cursed and die a painful death. He gives her a Yantra which can only protect her and will not free her from the curse. When Ahana tries to discover the story behind the incidents her husband and sister-in-law get murdered; she is charged with the murders and taken to an asylum. She tries to reach her sister but she is unable to. By sensing a problem, Ahana starts a journey to reach her sister. In hotel where Ahana was staying she meets Ranvir (Shaad Randhawa) a CBI officer who is in charge of this case.
Ranvir informs her about the charge levied on Anushka and her escape in asylum. Ranvir and Ahana together refuse to follow the same path but their destination is Anushka. Now they are cursed by the shadow of the house in the journey. As they move further they also meet the same healer who helps them to unfold the mysteries behind the house. The story continues with thrill and excitement. It slowly reveals the secret behind the cursed house.

</doc>
<doc id="31188852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188852" title="Orthenches semifasciata">
Orthenches semifasciata

Orthenches semifasciata is a moth of the Plutellidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is 16–18 mm. The head, palpi, and thorax are white mixed with brown and the abdomen is grey. The forewings are elongate, the costa gently arched, the apex subacute, the termen rounded and oblique. They are white, irrorated with shining dark brown, especially on dorsal half. The markings are shining dark brown. The hindwings are light fuscous-grey.

</doc>
<doc id="31188858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188858" title="1879–80 Hibernian F.C. season">
1879–80 Hibernian F.C. season

Season 1879–80 was the third in which Hibernian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the third time.
Overview.
Hibs reached the quarter-final of the Scottish Cup, losing 6–2 to Dumbarton.
Hibs defeated Edinburgh derby rivals Hearts in the third round, in a match played at Mayfield Park, in the Mayfield area of Edinburgh.
Results.
All results are written with Hibs' score first.

</doc>
<doc id="31188884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188884" title="Die Brandwag">
Die Brandwag

Die Brandwag was the first Afrikaans illustrated family magazine in the Transvaal and was published monthly between 1910 and 1922 under the joint editorship of Dr W M R Malherbe and Gustav Preller. The first issue appeared on 31 May 1910 and the last in February 1922.
The magazine played an important role in the development of Afrikaans literature in the aftermath of the Boer War. It promoted a lively interest in the country's history, through articles such as those written by Preller on the Voortrekkers. Informative essays on painting and sculpture appeared, with covers designed by artists such as Pierneef and Frans Oerder. For its time it maintained a high literary standard with contributions coming from the foremost Afrikaans poets and writers. These included Jan Celliers, Louis Leipoldt, Totius, Leon Mare and Jochem van Bruggen. From March 1920 'Die Banier', a scientific literary monthly, was issued as a supplement to 'Die Brandwag' and continued appear for some years after 1922 when 'Die Brandwag' itself had ceased publication. 
Die Nuwe Brandwag (The New Brandwag) was published over the period 1929 - November 1933 and was edited by Prof. M. L. du Toit and Pierneef. The place of its now defunct predecessor had largely been taken over by another magazine "Die Huisgenoot", so that the focus of "Die Nuwe Brandwag" was on literature and art of a high standard. Articles on music, sculpture and painting appeared regularly, with a large section devoted to art reproductions. It became a forum for original Afrikaans work in prose, poetry and drama, as well as hosting critiques on Afrikaans, Dutch and English literature, and is regarded by many as one of the best Afrikaans literary publications ever produced. 
Die Brandwag (1937-1965) was a weekly magazine published by "Afrikaanse Pers Bpk." Its first appearance was on 6 February 1937 as a supplement to the daily "Die Vaderland", but in August 1937 it became independent with Otto Schwellnus as editor. Its first members of staff included well-known literary figures such as Elisabeth Eybers, Uys Krige and S. Ignatius Mocke. Among its first contributors were the household names of C. M. van den Heever, J. R. L. van Bruggen, N. P. van Wyk Louw, I. D. du Plessis, P. J. Nienaber and Sita de Kock. A. M. van Schoor succeeded Schwellnus, and was in turn replaced by Rud. P. Visser in 1945. The magazine began to feature mainly short stories and popular reading matter, and served as a nursery for thriller writers. In September 1948 the readership topped the 100 000 mark and the magazine had obviously come of age. Nonetheless, changes in editor and format led to its eventual demise in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="31188902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188902" title="1880–81 Hibernian F.C. season">
1880–81 Hibernian F.C. season

Season 1880–81 was the fourth in which Hibernian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the fourth time.
Overview.
Hibs reached the third round of the Scottish Cup, losing 5–3 to Edinburgh derby rivals Hearts. The match was played in the Powderhall area of Edinburgh.
Results.
All results are written with Hibs' score first.

</doc>
<doc id="31188909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188909" title="St Elijah Orthodox Syrian Church">
St Elijah Orthodox Syrian Church

St Elijah Orthodox Syrian Church, Koduvila, is one of the ancient churches in the name of prophet Elijah in the Malankara Orthodox Church. This church was established by the Malankara Metropolitan H.G. Pulikkottil Joseph Mar Dionysius 5th.
History.
In the initial periods, the members of the church joined with St. Mary's Orthodox Valiyapalli, Kallada, where the grave yard of Mar Andrew is staying. The people was crossing the Kallada River to reach that church for participating the Holy Qurbana and was conducting the sacramental ceremonies. The establishment of a church in Koduvila become really blissful to these believers. Their valuable prayers and hard works was really helpful for the construction of church in Koduvila and this boosted up the wealth of people and the place. Poverty is vanished away from this place and become a fast developing locality.
Location.
The church is situated near Munroe Island in Kallada.
Renovation.
In 2008 September 13, in the presence of H.G. Matthews Mar Epiphanios, the metropolitan of Kochi, H.G. Zachariah Mar Anthonios laid the foundation stone of the new church. The construction works of new church was very fast. It is a perfect blending of ancient and modern architecture in church construction, the installation of main door of new church was in 2009 September 13 by H.G. Zachariah Mar Anthonios. There is lot of hard work from the people side. The vicar Fr.Abraham.M.Varghese giving a leadership. Sri Alexander Samuel and Sri Laiju Thankachen act as the trustee and secretary of this parish respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31188926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188926" title="List of A104 roads">
List of A104 roads

This is a list of roads designated A104. Roads entries are sorted in the countries alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="31188933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188933" title="Trachypepla euryleucota">
Trachypepla euryleucota

Trachypepla euryleucota is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
Adults have been recorded in December. They have been taken when the manuka ("Leptospermum") was in blossom. It is thought that when adults sit at rest its white head, thorax, and basal portion of wings are of protective value by reason of their resemblance to an opening manuka-bud.
Larvae have been found feeding on bird nest debris.

</doc>
<doc id="31188948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188948" title="Bill Hatcher">
Bill Hatcher

Bill Hatcher (born 1959) is an America photographer. His first story published in National Geographic (magazine) was “Storming the Tower” May 1996, a cover story that documents the free ascent of the East face of the Nameless Tower in the Trango Towers, Pakistan. 
He has covered other stories for National Geographic (magazine) including the first mountain biking and canyoning coverage to appear in the magazine. 
He has won several awards and recognition for his photography including for photography in Communication Arts (magazine) Advertising Annual 1996, Communication Photography Annual 2004 annual, Sports Emmy Award for electronic cameraperson for the film “Vietnam: Into the Dragon’s Teeth" and inclusion in the National Geographic (magazine) special edition of “100 Best Pictures” 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31188953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188953" title="Radical 116">
Radical 116

Radical 116 meaning "cave" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 298 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31188976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188976" title="Diasemia grammalis">
Diasemia grammalis

Diasemia grammalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in New Zealand.
Adults are orchard or packhouse contaminants.
The larvae feed on native grasses and herbaceous plants

</doc>
<doc id="31188990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188990" title="Downtown Whitehorse, Yukon">
Downtown Whitehorse, Yukon

Downtown Whitehorse is a neighbourhood in Whitehorse, Yukon. It is the commercial centre of the city. The Yukon Legislative Building is located in the neighbourhood.

</doc>
<doc id="31188996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31188996" title="Dancing with the Stars (Greece season 2)">
Dancing with the Stars (Greece season 2)

Dancing with the Stars was a Greek reality show airing on ANT1 and filmed live in Athens. The show was based on the United Kingdom BBC Television series "Strictly Come Dancing" and was part of BBC Worldwide's "Dancing with the Stars" franchise. The theme song was "It's personal" performed by Swedish indie pop band The Radio Dept. The second season of the show started on 20 March 2011. Season's 1 winner Errika Prezarakou joined the judging panel, replacing Galena Velikova. ANT1 launched a daily spin off titled "Dancing with the Stars Daily" on March 21, hosted by former contestant Eugenia Manolidou. The show was canceled on April due to low ratings.
Judges.
Παίξε το μετά το ΦΥΓΕ Βιβλίο μαθημάτων 2 (Σελ. 2)
Couples.
Παίξε το μετά το ΚΑΡΥΔΑΛΛΟΣ (Σελ. 6) ή το ΥΜΝΟΣ ΣΤΗ ΧΑΡΑ (Σελ. 7)
Scoring Chart.
Averages.
This table only counts for dances scored on a traditional 40-points scale.
Παίξε το μετά το ΤΟ ΜΠΛΕ ΤΗΣ ΛΕΒΑΑΝΤΣ (Σελ. 9)
Weekly scores.
"Individual judges scores in the chart below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Alexis Kostalas, Errika Prezarakou, Giannis Latsios and Fokas Evaggelinos."
Week 11 (Thursday).
In this live show two competitors were eliminated
Final.
Παίξε το μετά το KUM-BA-YAH (Σελ. 11)
Guest Stars.
Παίξε το μετά το ΧΟΡΟΣ ΤΟΥ 18ου ΑΙΩΝΑ (Σελ. 13)
Ratings.
Παίξε το μετ΄το Ο ΓΕΡΟΝΤΑΚΟΣ (Σελ. 15)
External links.
Παίξε το μετά το ΤΟ ΒΑΛΣ ΤΟΥ ΜΟΝΧΑΙΚΟΥ ΑΣΤΕΡΙΟΥ (Σελ. 16)

</doc>
<doc id="31189022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189022" title="Dickson Iroegbu">
Dickson Iroegbu

Dickson Nnamdi Iroegbu is a Nigerian film director and producer. He has directed and produced several Nollywood hit movies. In 2005, at the maiden edition of the African Movie Academy Awards, Iroegbu won three awards for the movie "The Mayors", including the awards for "Best Picture", "Best Screenplay" and "Best Director".
Awards and nominations.
African Movie Academy Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="31189032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189032" title="Stephen Finney">
Stephen Finney

Sir Stephen Finney CIE (8 September 1852 – 1 MArch 1924) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1872 to 1873.
Early life.
Stephen Finney was born on 8 September 1852 in Marylebone. He was educated at Clifton College and the Royal Indian Engineering College, Cooper's Hill. As well as rugby, Finney also played cricket at Clifton and was said to have been one of the school's finest players.
Rugby union career.
Finney made his international debut on 5 February 1872 at The Oval in the England vs Scotland match. Of the two matches he played for his national side he was on the winning side on one occasions. He played his final match for England on 3 March 1873 at Hamilton Crescent, Glasgow in the Scotland vs England match. Of his prowess on the rugby field it was written after his death that ""among those qualified to judge he is considered to have had no superior as a fearless and determined halfback"".
Career.
Finney entered the service of the Indian Public Works Department in 1874 and served as assistant and district engineer for four years. He then joined the administrative branch of the Railway Department and stayed there until 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="31189048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189048" title="Jean Court">
Jean Court

Jean Court, called Vigier, was one of the most skilful of the enamel painters who flourished at Limoges in the 16th century. His works are very rare and bear the dates 1556 and 1557 only. Almost all are painted in grisaille on a black ground, and heightened with gold, the flesh being tinted. Some of his enamels are in the Louvre. He died about 1583, being then not less than 72 years of age. Much confusion has existed on account of the similarity of the names and monograms, and often of the works, between this artist, Jean de Court, and Jean Courteys.

</doc>
<doc id="31189050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189050" title="Martin Whitcombe">
Martin Whitcombe

Martin Alun Whitcombe (born 14 September 1961 in Keighley, Yorkshire) is a former Rugby Union Footballer of the 1980s and 1990s.
He learnt to play rugby at Keighley RUFC and went on to have a long playing career for Leicester Tigers, Bedford RFC, Sale FC, and Leeds Tykes, at prop i.e. 1 or 3. At a representative level he played for Yorkshire, The Northern Division, and England at 19 Group, Under 23 and England 'B'.
Early life.
Martin Whitcombe was one of four children growing up in the family run business, The Airedale Heifer Inn a public house in Sandbeds, Keighley, which was run by his rugby playing father Frank Whitcombe Jr. He attended Crossflatts Primary School & Bingley Grammar School, where he was capped, four times by England Schools 19 Group in the 1980 Five Nations Tournament.
After leaving school Whitcombe joined the Royal Air Force as a Physical Training Instructor. This three part course included PTI training at RAF Cosford, the Basic Parachute Course at No. 1 Parachute Training School and Adventurous training at Llanrwst in North Wales. After passing out with the rank of Corporal, Whitcombe was posted to RAF North Luffenham in Edith Weston and living in the town of Uppingham. This enabled Martin to accept an earlier invitation to join Leicester Tigers.
Royal Air Force & Combined Services Rugby.
While in the RAF Whitcombe won the first of his fourteen caps as an AC while still under training at RAF Cosford, against the Royal Navy on the 28 February 1981 in the Inter Services Tournament at Twickenham & his second cap a week later against the Army.
In July 1981 Whitcombe visited the USA with the RAF rugby team, staying at Bergstrom Air Force Base in Texas the Royal Air force team entered and successfully won the Austin Rugby Tournament defeating Houston in the final. Here Whitcombe played in the front five with two outstanding Royal Air Force forwards Peter Larter & John Orwin.
During his seven years of service, Whitcombe was part of The Royal Air Force team which went on to enjoy a golden era in the 1980s winning the Inter Services title three times in 1982, 1985, and 1986. (The 1984 Title was a triple tie.)
He represented the Combined Services rugby team twelve times,including three games against the very competitive Joinville Battalion of the French Armed Forces and on 30 November 1985 Wayne Shelford's New Zealand Combined Services team at Devonport Services R.F.C.. On 29 December 1981 he played against Tony Shaw's Australian Wallabies at Aldershot Military Stadium. He also played against Australia again at the same ground this time on 27 October 1984 against Andrew Slack's Australian Wallabie team. Whitcombe played against Canada at the US Portsmouth RFC on 14 October on their 1983 tour on England.
Club Rugby career.
Whitcombe joined Leicester Tigers in July 1981. Tigers coach Chalkie White who was a unique, outspoken coach who demanded high levels of fitness, discipline and progressive rugby, selected him for his first game for the club against Northampton Saints away, on 16 October, he made his home début the following week against Swansea RFC on 24 October at Welford Road and scored a try.
Martin represented Leicester Tigers against the Australian Wallabies at Welford Road on 25 November 1981; the Australian team was Captained by Mark Loane. Whitcombe played twice against the Barbarian's during his Leicester career and toured Zimbabwe with Tigers in 1982, playing in both games against Zimbabwe in Harare and Bulawayo. In 1984 he played against The Gulf on the Middle East tour to Bahrain & Dubai and in 1985 to France. During Tigers game against Chambérien Olympique Rugby in an era with out the front row replacement system Whitcombe played most of the game with a broken fibula.
Whitcombe left Leicester in 1986 to join Bedford RFC, captained by former Tigers player Andy Key, and played against Kenya in Nairobi as part of the clubs Centenary Season celebrations. At the start of the 1987 season he joined Sale FC, where he Captained the club from 1992-1993 and was included on the Sale FC Club Honours Board in 1994. He played in the winning Courage league 1 team in 1993-1994. In 1996 he joined Phil Davies at Leeds Tykes for the last three years of his rugby career playing in two promotion winning teams and played against Tonga at Headingley on 26 November 1997.
In an article for the rugby paper in 2012 former Sale lock Dave Baldwin named Whitcombe as loose head prop in his Sale "dream team".
Representative honours.
Whitcombe was capped by Leicestershire in the County Championship his first game was against East Midlands in November 1981. He won his first cap for Yorkshire against Ulster at Ravenhill in 1986 and scoring a try on his debut. Later that season he played in the 22-11 victory over Middlesex in the County Championship final at Twickenham on 11 April 1987. He went on to make twenty one appearances for Yorkshire in the County Championship.
Whitcombe played for England U23 against England Students at Walsall RUFC on 10 April 1985 after this game he was picked to represent England 'B' for their game against Italy 'B' at Twickenham on 17 April 1985.
After leaving the RAF in 1987, Whitcombe accepted an opportunity to play in South Africa for Durban High School Old Boys, (DHSOB). A club he previously represented in 1984.
DHSOB were led by former Natal hooker Don Spiers as Chairman the team had some first class players including, the Blakeway brothers, Andrew & Lyle, Peter Edmonds and Greg Hamilton. As a result of Whitcombe's move to South Africa Ian McIntosh the then Natal, (now Natal Sharks), Coach picked him to make his debut for the province along with his fellow prop Gerard Harding of Durban Harlequins and Empangeni number 8 Byron Kankowski to play for the provincial side against the touring Pacific Coast Grizzly's at Kings Park Stadium, Durban on 16 July 1988.
The 1988 Currie Cup was the 50th season in the Currie Cup competition since it started in 1889. On 23 July Whitcombe made his Currie Cup debut in Round Nine at home against Transvaal (now the Golden Lions) in the winning Natal team 22 - 18. In the Transvaal side that day was fellow Yorkshire team mate Peter Winterbottom.
Along with England and Harlequin's No 8 Chris Butcher (Natal) these three players represent only a handful of English players to play in the Currie cup in the apartheid era in South Africa. In June 1989 Whitcombe & Winterbottom were both due to tour Zimbabwe with Yorkshire. Due to their breech of the Gleneagles Agreement both were declared undesirable alien's Persona non grata by Robert Mugabe's ZANU PF government as a result the tour was canceled.
Whitcombe played for the Rest v England in the Final Trial at Twickenham on 3 January 1987 he was then selected for the England 'B' side to play against France 'B' at Welford Road Leicester, on 3 March 1989.
Northern Division.
Together with Sale FC & England 'B' No 8 Andy McFarlane these two players played for the Northern Division for nine years, making their débuts together against the South West Division at Waterloo R.F.C. on 6 December 1986. The North won the Divisional Title in 1986, 1987 and 1992 they were runners up to London Division in 1989 & 1990.
Later that year on 19 October 1988 Whitcombe played for Northern Division on the winning side against Nick Farr-Jones Australian Wallabies 21 - 9 at Cross Green Otley. Then on 19 December 1989 against the USSR at Aspatria RUFC. Whitcombe played against Namibia in Windhoek in August 1992 as part of the preparations for the forthcoming Springbok tour of England. He played against Wales 'A' at Pontypool RFC on 14 October 1992, prior to playing against Naas Botha's South African Springboks at Elland Road Leeds on 10 November 1992. (This was the first Springbok tour after the Apartheid era.)
With The Northern Division Whitcombe played against Toulon and US Dax in August 1993 at Clermont-Ferrand and eighteen months later against Northern Transvaal now (The Blue Bulls) at Loftus Versfeld and against Namibia again at The National Rugby Stadium in Windhoek, in summer 1995.
With the Northern Division he toured Zimbabwe & Namibia in 1992, France in 1993 and South Africa & Namibia In 1995.
Working in Natal.
During the 1980s, Whitcombe worked with Zulu civilians to rebuild infrastructure destroyed by local clashes between the African National Congress and the Inkatha Freedom Party in South Africa's black townships. One one occasion, Whitcombe even witnessed a necklacing at KwaMashu.
Whitcombe worked firstly in the African Townships out side Durban, at KwaMashu in the workers hostels in 'A' section and later 'L' section, and later rebuilding school security fences. Also at Ntuzuma & Umlazi and the location's at Imbali fifteen miles from Pietermaritzburg and Osizweni out side Newcastle, Natal.
Whitcombe also worked in the Indian Townships at Chatsworth & Phoenix out side Durban.
Genealogical information.
Whitcombe is the son of the former Rugby Union prop for North Eastern Counties, Yorkshire and Bradford RFC, Frank Whitcombe Jr and was the grandson of the former Bradford Northern and Great Britain Rugby League international Frank Whitcombe. He is nephew to the former Bradford RFC back row forward Brian Whitcombe.
George Whitcombe the Footballer for Cardiff City, and Baseball captain of Wales is the great uncle to Martin Whitcombe.
He is grandson to the former Rugby League scrum half for Keighley RLFC Thomas Cockcroft and nephew to the former Keighley RLFC winger William "Billy" Cockcroft
Life after rugby.
He campaigned for many years for the Royal Air Force to receive official recognition for their many loses on the Keighley town Cenotaph. This was finally granted on 10 November 2011 when a stone tablet designed by local artist David Ingham was unveiled by former RAF Bomber Command flight engineer Matt Holiday DFC with his friends Ian Walkden & Martin Whitcombe.

</doc>
<doc id="31189069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189069" title="Lucas Albrecht">
Lucas Albrecht

Lucas Albrecht (born 9 January 1991) is a German footballer who plays for SV Babelsberg 03.

</doc>
<doc id="31189082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189082" title="Pseudocoremia leucelaea">
Pseudocoremia leucelaea

Pseudocoremia leucelaea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31189088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189088" title="They Walk">
They Walk

They Walk is the first feature-length film directed by Charles House II. The film follows five groups of survivors, each modeled after an era of zombie cinema, after a meteor shower brings the reanimation of the recently deceased. The film was independently produced and shot primarily in Shepherdstown, West Virginia.
Plot synopsis.
The film starts by following a young couple, John and Nicole, through a graveyard, shortly after leaving a party. While the couple hears distant sounds, small meteorites hitting the ground nearby, and are well aware of the meteor shower passing that night, they distract themselves, and John is hit in the back with a meteorite. He is killed while lying on top of Nicole, who passes out from his dead weight. She wakes to find him gone, and in searching for him, finds he has turned into some sort of creature, a zombie.
Back at the party, a large group of friends drinks and ignores the meteor shower, and where their friends may have gone. In the morning, some of the party-goers have disbursed, and John's roommate Dennis, and his girlfriend Lisa, become worried about them. They join the party-goers from the night before and discuss what to do to remain safe, having seem the aftermath of the zombie outbreak on the news and when driving through town. The group forms four separate plans and takes up arms, just before finding the reanimated John and Nicole in the front yard and dealing with them. One of the home owners, Mike, is killed in the fray just before the others leave.
Stephen, the owner of the party home, having put an end to his roommate Mike after being fatally wounded and torn apart by the reanimated couple, begins to get drunk and regale himself with stories from his past. He arms himself with a revolver and spends time thinking about his roommate, the current situation, and his life prior to the epidemic. He remembers a high school love, Suzie, and how they stopped talking just before graduation. To his surprise, Suzie finds herself knocking at his door, her family having been killed. She has been bit, and Stephen must decide how to handle her, knowing that the bites are fatal and what will become of her.
Two couples, Scott and Lauren and friends Eric and Sarah, decide to pack up supplies and head to somewhere that they might be able to fortify, a more expendable place, rather than board up Stephen's apartment in the event that the epidemic would be short-lived. They come upon a stranded man, Brian, who tells them of an abandoned house he was aware of. The group fortifies the rather run-down abandoned house, boarding windows and learning to use their weapons. Lauren has been scratched in the fray with John and Nicole, and Sarah tends to the wound. When the undead make their way into the first floor of the house, the group head upstairs and burn the staircase, leaving them safe, but without a way down. Brian later admits he did not search the upstairs fully, and this coupled with Lauren's slow but potential death add to the group's dire situation.
Dennis and Lisa decide to flee in their car rather than returning home, assuming that the epidemic was localized. They find the back roads to be the safest, but eerily empty, as if those fleeing by car had left hours before. When signal is available, the radio tells of the outbreak being a highly-debated topic, some suggesting the undead to simply be sick people, mentally or physically, while others suggest it to be the end of times. After hours of driving, the couple hit a roadblock, abandoned cars and bodies lying along the road randomly, but only occasionally. They arm themselves with firearms found in the trunk of an abandoned vehicle, but the roadblock appears to be the end of the road for the couple entirely.
The front man for a local rock band leaves Stephen's apartment at leisure and takes his time getting back to his band and playing their scheduled show as if nothing were unusual. This proves to be somewhat of a mistake, and the band members pay for the mistake.
A group of punk rockers, a "band" themselves, though having no real songs or talent, had left the party early, complaining about the "losers who can't hold their booze." In the morning, the leader of group, Hogger, and his girlfriend Engine, find their roommates gone. They return with boxes of stolen goods, babbling about the crazed city and the "sickos" shambling about, one of which has taken a bite out of the roommate's arm. Dismemberment, B-movie antics, and an arm-mounted weapon made from a flower pot, shotguns, and zip ties follow.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack and score consists of entirely original music created by CJM Venter. Venter had originally met the director on a musician's forum, and promptly began creating a number of themes for the five groups, as well as the main theme, which is shadowed throughout the film in different ways. The soundtrack also features music from The Demon Beat (guitarist Adam Meisterhans playing the unnamed "Guitarist" character in the film), The Goddamn Hills, and Jessie Jenkins.
Release and festivals.
The film premiered at the first annual Zombcon in Seattle, Washington in 2010. Though this cut was a Festival Cut, primarily released to meet this event's date over Halloween weekend, the film was available for sale on DVD on a limited basis at the event and online. The final cut will be premiered in Shepherdstown, WV on March 29, 2011. It is expected to play at a number of horror and independent film festivals and events.

</doc>
<doc id="31189094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189094" title="Domà Nunch">
Domà Nunch

Domà Nunch ('only us' in Lombard) was an eco-nationalist social movement and then political movement active in Insubria, across the border between Italy and Switzerland, between 2005 and 2013.
Association.
Domà Nunc was founded in 2005 as a spin-off project of the "Moviment Spiritual Riformaa Nativ d'Insubria" ("Reformed Spiritual Movement of Insubria's Natives"), previously created in 2003 by Lorenzo Banfi, which started to issue "El Dragh Bloeu" (The Blue Dragon), which then became the official magazine of the new association. Lorenzo Banfi, linguist and author, led Domà Nunch as president as soon as the organisation got expanded in 2007. Domà Nunch believed in self-determination and independence of Insubria as way to preserve the heritage, history, language and environment of the region. It also promotes the re-unification of portions of Insubria presently split among Lombardy, Piedmont, and Switzerland.
Domà Nunch was opposed to the urbanization and concreting of the land. Particularly, their members were against new highway projects, such as the "Pedemontana Lombarda" proposed by the Regional Council of Lombardy. Also, Domà Nunch aimed to maintain taxation locally in Insubria in order to reclaim the land.
In the first activity period, Domà Nunch had published books on ecology and local language, as well as organised events. These included:
In 2010 Domà Nunch replied to the Enlargement of Switzerland motion proposing an integration between Switzerland and Insubria in order to join into a new confederation.
Political movement.
In December 2011, Domà Nunch actually ceased its activity as a cultural association and changed into a political movement with the target to run for the Lombard regional election, 2013.
In September 2012 Domà Nunch activists had been attacked by individuals linked with left-wing social center and Italian General Confederation of Labour while the econationalists ralling in Desio against Mafia presence in Insubria and Pedemontana motorway construction. Domà Nunch claimed CGIL to have responsibility in the tempted assault.
After this stage, in April 2013 Domà Nunch signed a cooperation agreement with "Terra Insubre", a cultural association based in Varese and Milan that shared most of Domà Nunch's objectives. This led to a convention in Milan on 4 May to remember the Bava-Beccaris massacre
Eventually, in Dicember 2013 Domà Nunch communicated to cease the political activities.

</doc>
<doc id="31189098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189098" title="Stephan Gusche">
Stephan Gusche

Stephan Gusche (born 13 February 1990) is a German footballer who plays for SV Wehen Wiesbaden.

</doc>
<doc id="31189103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189103" title="Choozhattukotta">
Choozhattukotta

Choozhattukotta is a village situated on the perimeter of Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India. It is located 9 km from Trivandrum Central.

</doc>
<doc id="31189107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189107" title="René Lange">
René Lange

René Lange (born 22 November 1988 in Teterow) is a German footballer who currently plays for 1. FC Magdeburg.

</doc>
<doc id="31189110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189110" title="Jean de Court">
Jean de Court

Jean de Court was an enamel painter of Limoges, who served as official portrait painter the to the monarchs of Scotland and France.
In 1567, he is recorded as court painter of Mary Queen of Scots, although it is not clear if he had actually accompanied her to Scotland. In 1572, he succeeded François Clouet as painter to the king at the court of her brother-in-law Charles IX of France, and was in turn succeeded by his son, Charles de Court, in 1584 or 1589. Jean de Court painted in 1574 a portrait of Henry III, then Duke of Anjou. 
Noted enamel painter Susanne (de) Court was also most likely a member of this de Court dynasty of enamel painters who ran a workshop over several generations in Limoges. The scenes she painted were often copied from Italian prints. Work by Susanne de Court is characterized by varying tones of blues and greens with white flesh tints, and by a delicate painterly technique. Her work is in the collections of the Frick Collection and the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, and the Walters Art Museum, Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="31189113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189113" title="Tanjung Resang">
Tanjung Resang

Tanjung Resang is located south of Penyabong and north of Air Papan, on the East coast of Peninsular Malaysia.
Although not as well known as other East Coast seaside areas, such as Desaru or Kuantan, Tanjung Resang's main attractions are its beach and serene surroundings.
Currently, six family-run resorts operate in Tanjung Resang, with another one under construction.
For most of the year the Tanjung Resang area is quite sheltered from the elements, rendering the sea an ideal sailing training ground.
In addition to Tanjung Resang's recreational activities, its mostly untouched wilderness hinterland has recently been gathering momentum as an ecotourism hotspot. Gunung Arong Recreational Forest, in particular, is quite popular amongst hikers.
Other activities include scuba diving, freediving, snorkeling, kayaking, skimboarding, stand up paddling, deep sea fishing and off-roading. In addition, during the windier Northeast monsoon months, Tanjung Resang lends itself more for surfing, as well as high-wind windsurfing and kitesurfing.

</doc>
<doc id="31189132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189132" title="Zemira">
Zemira

Zemira is an "opera seria" in three acts by Francesco Bianchi. The libretto was by Gaetano Sertor. 
"Zemira" like other works by Bianchi, was innovative. As Marita P. McClymonds explains, ""Unusual components in this work are the opening trio with storm music, the short duet for two men, the programmatic battle music, the extensive quartet . . . The version for Naples features extensive use of clarinets . . . available there some ten years earlier than in other Italian cities."" 
Performance history.
The opera was first performed at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples on 4 November 1781. It was revised for the Teatro Nuovo in Padua probably on 13 June 1786, this time omitting the "introduzione" and the scene of the stabbing of Zemira.
Synopsis.
The Emperor Akbar tries to win Zemira in the face of determined opposition from her father, Sarabes, and her intended husband, Gandarte. Ultimately Zemira is stabbed to death by her father, and Akbar pardons Gandarte.

</doc>
<doc id="31189140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189140" title="Leucosiidae">
Leucosiidae

Leucosiidae is a family of crabs containing three subfamilies and a number of genera "incertae sedis":

</doc>
<doc id="31189150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189150" title="Radical 117">
Radical 117

Radical 117 meaning "stand" or "erect" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 101 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31189166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189166" title="John Biggins">
John Biggins

John Biggins is an actor in England.
Biggins became a professional actor in 1983. Since then, he has worked on stage, television and radio.
A regular in Jack Dee and Pete Sinclair's BBC sitcom "Lead Balloon" - as neighbour 'Clive Gray' - Biggins has appeared in "EastEnders", "Heartbeat", "Casualty", "Two Pints of Lager", "The Bill", "The Thick Of It", "The Vice" and "Coronation Street".
Biggins has appeared in "Pobol y Cwm", "City Central", "The Armando Iannucci Shows", and "Breakfast Serials". On stage, Biggins has toured extensively with Hull Truck and appeared at many regional repertory theatres, as well as in London.
A six-month contract in 2009/2010 with the BBC Radio Drama Company saw Biggins appearing in a variety of guises in many radio dramas and comedy shows, notably "Plantaganet", "Bullitt", "Fair Stood The Wind For France", "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes", "The Honourable Schoolboy" and "Roald Dahl's "Matilda"".

</doc>
<doc id="31189168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189168" title="1881–82 Hibernian F.C. season">
1881–82 Hibernian F.C. season

Season 1881–82 was the fifth in which Hibernian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the fifth time.
Overview.
Hibs reached the fifth round of the Scottish Cup, losing 6–2 to Dumbarton.
Results.
All results are written with Hibs' score first.

</doc>
<doc id="31189173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189173" title="Saint-Gobain Gyproc India">
Saint-Gobain Gyproc India

Saint-Gobain Gyproc India Ltd. is a part of the Compagnie de Saint-Gobain SA Saint-Gobain of France.Gyproc offers a range of false ceiling and drywall solutions.. 
It is amongst the key players in the light weight construction materials space in India for well over two decades. They have been forthcoming in introducing light weight and environment friendly interior construction practices in the India.
The products are intended for use within an indoor space in residential premises, educational institutes, offices, hotels, commercial spaces and industrial manufacturing units.
The products are manufactured in India by manufacturing plants based from Jind (Haryana), Wada (Maharashtra) and Bengaluru
History of Saint-Gobain Gyproc India Ltd.
The company was started as India Gypsum in 1986 as a part of the C. K. Birla Group (Hyderabad Industries). The set up was under technical collaboration with British Plaster Boards (BPB) Worldwide
The first plaster board manufacturing was started in 1986 at a plant based at Jind (Haryana). The plant introduced a value added plaster board category in 1996 with fire resistant boards- better known as GRG. The company started another plant in Chennai in 2000 followed by a plant in Wada (near Mumbai) in 2005. The Wada plant along with plaster boards also manufactures gypsum plasters.

</doc>
<doc id="31189178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189178" title="Division of IT Convergence Engineering">
Division of IT Convergence Engineering

The Division of IT Convergence Engineering The Division of IT Convergence Engineering was founded in March 2009, and will be funded by the Korean Ministry of Education, Science and Technology as a WCU (World Class University) Program. The comprehensive nature of POSTECH’s Division of IT Convergence Engineering, combined with POSTECH’s high quality faculty, facilities, and industrial relationships, makes this division an ideal research environment for students as well as experienced researchers.

</doc>
<doc id="31189179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189179" title="Rake (singer)">
Rake (singer)

Biography.
Rake was born in Sendai, Japan. He began an interest in music by playing an antique guitar at his family home, and in high school, was a member of a hard rock band. In university, Rake considered singing for the first time, and began steps to becoming a professional musician.
Rake performed as the opening act to Japanese band Kimaguren's 2009 tour "Kid in the Sky," and the following January debuted under Sony Music Japan, with the single "Fly Away." The song was used as the theme song for the Tokyo Metropolitan Television drama "Taxmen", and while few copies were sold, the song received such extremely heavy airplay across Japan that it topped "Billboard"'s Japan Hot 100 chart for two weeks. Rake, after releasing his debut extended play "All You Need Is", performed his first solo concert in July, followed by performances at summer festival Summer Sonic in August.
In 2011, Rake had his first hit single, "Hyakuman-kai no 'I Love You'," which was used in a television commercial campaign for Yokohama Tire. The song was successful on the RIAJ Digital Track Chart in its first week, debuting at number six. However, due to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami occurring several days after the single's physical release in Rake's hometown, many promotional events for the song were cancelled. Rake was at his home in Sendai at the time of the earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="31189188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189188" title="Darwen Aldridge Community Academy">
Darwen Aldridge Community Academy

Darwen Aldridge Community Academy (DACA) is a secondary school and sixth form with academy status in the Blackburn with Darwen borough of Lancashire, England. It specialises in entrepreneurship.
History.
Darwen Aldridge Communuity Academy replaced Darwen Moorland High School in September 2008, opening on the site of the former school at Holden Fold (). The Academy is supported by The Aldridge Foundation, and was officially opened by sponsor Rod Aldridge on 16 October 2008. Aldridge acts as chair of the governors and selected Brendan Loughran to be the school's first principal. 
The Academy moved to a new purpose built site in September 2010, located in the Redearth area at the centre of Darwen. The new site features a five-storey main building, a sports hall, dance studio, cafe, and office spaces for young entrepreneurs. It was designed by architecture firm Aedas. 
The new school cost an estimated £49 million, with the controversial clearance of houses in the Redearth area involving the council in a long legal dispute including a High Court hearing and two public inquiries. 
Prince William and Kate Middleton visited the new school to formally open it on 11 April 2011, as part of their final public engagement before their wedding. 
Ofsted ratings.
A January 2013 Ofsted inspection rated the school as Good overall. The previous inspection in 2011 had rated the school Satisfactory. 

</doc>
<doc id="31189193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189193" title="C. Livingstone">
C. Livingstone

Chrispus Livingstone (born January 2, 1949), often referred as Livi, is an Indian research scientist, botanist, educator and multifaceted person. He was instrumental in upgrading the department of Botany to one of the top three in India. During his stint the department witnessed significant innovative changes in the curriculum with the introduction of new papers and special projects (optionals) at various levels besides high quality research projects carried out by the senior professors and their research scholars leading to several accomplishments. He was also instrumrntal in setting up India's first artificial horticulture farm. Among his varied interests is the taxonomy of tropical plants, especially flora of Chennai, then Madras. He is perhaps best known for his book "The flowering plants of Madras City and its immediate neighbourhood".
Academic Achievements.
He was Head of Department of Botany at Madras Christian College (2003–2007). Livingstone was also course coordinator of Department of Microbiology (self-financed stream), MCC, Curator of MCC campus and president of Scrub Society. He was warden of St. Thomas’ hall. He remained Director to MCC farm. He is Treasurer of Centre for Plants, People and Ecosystems, a NGO working field based research on knowledge systems related to plants, people and ecosystems.
He showed keen interest in studying the plants of MCC campus from the time he joined the Botany Department and this resulted in the publication of "Campus Flora" in 1978. Under the district flora project of Botanical Survey of India, he investigated the flora of Chengalpattu District. His genuine interest in the study of flowering plants resulted in the publication of book on "Flowering plants of Madras City and its immediate neighbourhood" in 1994. He successfully guided 30 M. Phil. Scholars and 11 Ph.D. scholars. He has published number of articles both in national and international repute. He also published several books. Two newly discovered plants of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, "Aidia livingstonii" Karthig et al. and "Liparis livingstonii" Jayanthi et al. are named in honour of Livingstone for his contributions to plant taxonomy. A species of whitefly namely "Aleurocanthus livingstonii" is also named after him. He is a life member of Indian Association for Angiosperm Taxonomy.
Articles.
Some of his significant articles are published in Kew Bulletin, Current Science, Rheedea, Journal of Nature Conservation, Zoos' Print Journal, Journal of Economic and Taxonomic Botany, Check List, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31189200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189200" title="List of Parliamentary Speakers in Africa in 1970">
List of Parliamentary Speakers in Africa in 1970

Parliamentary Speakers in Africa in 1970. This article contains a list of speakers of parliaments of sovereign states, British colonial territories, French overseas department (Réunion) and French overseas territories.

</doc>
<doc id="31189209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189209" title="Sholto Douglas, 19th Earl of Morton">
Sholto Douglas, 19th Earl of Morton

Sholto George Watson Douglas, 19th Earl of Morton, DL (5 November 1844 – 8 October 1935) was a major landowner in Scotland, a businessman with mining investments in what is now Svalbard, Norway, and politician, serving as a representative peer (1886-1935) after being elected by the Peerage of Scotland.
Biography.
In the early 20th century, entrepreneurs and national governments staked claims in the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard, to develop resources and mining. Britain, the Netherlands, and Denmark-Norway all had interests there, soon followed by the Russian Empire.
The Earl of Morton had several Arctic interests. He and Alexander Bruce Hugh, 6th Lord Balfour of Burleigh had major shares in the little-known Spitzbergen Coal and Mineral Ltd of London. In 1906 Morton became involved, with his son Rory, in the Spitzbergen Mining and Exploration Syndicate (SMES). Together with other major investors, they claimed land on the island of Spitzbergen, now Svalbard, Norway, and that year opened a coal mine at Camp Morton. He and his sons Rory, Charley, Ronald and William sailed to Norway and Spitzbergen from May to July 1906 on the "SY Latona". The company was renamed Northern Enterprise Company Ltd (NEC) in 1910. Coal was mined there into the mid-1920s. NEC sold the properties to the Norwegian government in 1932.
Douglas was elected by the Peerage of Scotland as a representative peer to the British House of Lords in 1886, serving in that position to his death on 8 October 1935. He was a landowner and resident of Conaglen House in Ardgour, Argyllshire. He served as a Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Argyll from May 1901.
His eldest son, Sholto Charles, Lord Aberdour, predeceased his father on 29 September 1911. The Morton honours passed to the 19th Earl's grandson, Sholto Charles John Hay Douglas (1907–1976).

</doc>
<doc id="31189244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189244" title="Melanie is demented">
Melanie is demented

Melanie Is Demented is a punkrock artist from Stockholm, Sweden.
His name is Melanie Martinsson and he started out as and artist in the year 2000 and is currently signed to Wormfood Records.
His music has a mixed style including rap, punk rock, alternative rock, electronica, techno and industrial. 
He has released 4 mixtapes, 4 EPs and 4 albums, though due to the current music industry's lack of tangible/physical record production/sales, he coined the term 'Dement-O-Vision' to describe the recent digital releases.
In 2010 Melanie Martinsson and freelance photographer Alexander Donka worked on a photoproject depicting the recording of the latest album.
Melanie Is Demented has music featured in various films, such as the Truckfighters movie.
Melanie has extensively used social networking to build a fanbase. In a recent interview on the success of the latest album he stated that "internet is the solution" for struggling up-coming bands.

</doc>
<doc id="31189249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189249" title="Tamil Nadu Public Works Department">
Tamil Nadu Public Works Department

The Public Works Department of Tamil Nadu is a state government owned authority, and is in charge of public sector works in the State of Tamil Nadu. It is part of the Ministry of Public Works Department, and is entrusted with the construction and maintenance of buildings for most of the government departments and public undertakings, and the construction of bridges, roads, and infrastructure.
The Public Works Department (PWD) is the oldest department in Tamil Nadu, and was founded during British Raj during 1800. It became a government body in 1858.
Objective & Functions of the Department.
The Public Works Department functions under the control of Secretary to 
Government and deals with policy making on all matters concerning the Building organisations and Water Resources Organisation of the State

</doc>
<doc id="31189250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189250" title="Fort Yukon Air Force Station">
Fort Yukon Air Force Station

Fort Yukon Air Force Station (AAC ID: F-14, LRR ID: A-01) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located east-southeast of Fort Yukon, Alaska. 
The ground control intercept (GCI) station was closed on 1 November 1983, and was redesignated as a Long Range Radar (LRR) site as part of the Alaska Radar System. Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the 611th Air and Space Operations Center, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska.
History.
Fort Yukon AFS was a continental defence radar station constructed to provide the United States Air Force early warning of an attack by the Soviet Union on Alaska. 
The station was opened in 1958 as a Ground-Control Intercept (GCI) and warning station, operated by the 709th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron (AC&W Sq). The squadron operated AN/FPS-3, AN/FPS-20, and AN/FPS-6 radars. 
As a GCI station, the squadron's initial role was to guide interceptor aircraft based at Ladd AFB near Fairbanks toward unidentified intruders picked up on the unit's radar scopes. Later, the station was redesignated as a radar surveillance station, with the squadron providing information 24/7 the Direction Center at Murphy Dome AFS where it was analyzed to determine range, direction altitude speed and whether or not aircraft were friendly or hostile.
The station was known to be the coldest radar station in Alaska, with temperatures sinking as low as -70 degrees Fahrenheit during the winter. Due to the extreme temperatures, most of the site's operations were housed indoors, in a large composite structure consisting of a power/heating plant, water and fuel storage tanks, gymnasium and other support office buildings. Two other buildings contained living quarters, work areas, and recreational facilities plus opportunities for such sports as skiing, skating, horseshoes, and basketball. The buildings were connected by enclosed portals so no one needed to go outside in winter unless absolutely necessary. Tours at the station were limited to one year because of the psychological strain and physical hardships. Mail was usually delivered twice a week. The inaccessibility made the personnel at the site responsible for maintenance if anything went wrong. Water mains occasionally froze and ruptured.
Communications were initially provided by a high frequency radio system which proved unreliable because of atmospheric disturbances. The Alaskan Air Command, after investigating various options, decided to build the White Alice Communications System, a system of Air Force-owned tropospheric scatter and microwave radio relay sites operated by the Air Force Communications Service (AFCS). The Fort Yukon site was activated in 1957. It was inactivated in 1979, and replaced by an Alascom owned and operated satellite earth terminal as part of an Air Force plan to divest itself of the obsolete White Alice Communications System and transfer the responsibility to a commercial firm.
Over the years, the equipment at the station was upgraded or modified to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the information gathered by the radars. In 1983, Fort Yukon AFS received a new AN/FPS-117 minimally attended radar under Alaskan Air Command's Seek Igloo program . It was designed to transmit aircraft tracking data via satellite to the Alaskan NORAD Regional Operations Control Center (ROCC) at Elmendorf AFB. 
No longer needed, the 709th AC&W Sq was inactivated on l November 1983 and the station re-designated as a Long Range Radar (LRR) Site. In 1990, jurisdiction of the Fort Yukon LRR Site was transferred to Eleventh Air Force with the re-designation of AAC.
In 1998 Pacific Air Forces (PACAF) initiated "Operation Clean Sweep", in which abandoned Cold War stations in Alaska were remediated and the land restored to its previous state. After years of neglect the facilities at the station had lost any value they had when the site was closed. The site remediation of the radar, support and White Alice communication station was carried out by the 611th Civil Engineering Squadron at Elmendorf AFB, and remediation work was completed by 2005.
Current status.
Today very little of the former Fort Yukon Air Force Station remains. The site is controlled by the PACAF's 611th Air Support Group, based at Elmendorf AFB. The site is generally unattended; a few civilian contractors access the site by the Fort Yukon Airport and provide maintenance and support when needed to maintain the radar system. This Radar site is not unattended there are two full time Civilian contractors at Fort Yukon LRRS year round.

</doc>
<doc id="31189251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189251" title="Agriculture MMP">
Agriculture MMP

The Agriculture Mission Mode Project is one of the 27 Mission Mode Projects (MMPs) of the National e-Governance Plan of the Government of India. It is being run under the direction of the Department of Agriculture and Cooperation.
Requirement.
In 2005, several experts recommended e-governance to develop agriculture and provide services to livestock owners, farmers, and NGOs. The services suggested included timely information during disasters to minimize loss of life and material. The information provided can also help make decisions with data about the market.
The Department of Agriculture and Cooperation (DAC) had several e-governance initiatives in the field of agriculture. States have also implemented such projects.
The Agriculture MMP aims to replicate the agricultural e-governance projects being carried in different states at a national level and provide the services through multiple delivery channels such as the centralized agricultural portal, Kisan Centres, touch screens, and mobiles.
This project stresses on using IT in all stages of the agricultural crop cycle including the crop selection stage, the pre-cultivation stage, the crop management stage, the pre-harvest stage, the harvesting stage and the post-harvest stage. The project focuses on providing informational services to farmers on a variety of farm-related issues including seeds, soil-test-based information, fertilizers, pests, government schemes, and weather.
Work in States.
It is proposed to complete the project over a period of 32 months after the approval of the project. Initially, the project is to be rolled out in the 1505 blocks of 187 districts in the seven states of Assam, Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh.
In Himachal Pradesh, the state-level AGRISNET website www.hpagrisnet.gov.in, has been rolled out under this project which can be also accessed through 2,664 Lok Mitra Kendras set up at the panchayat-level. The services being offered include best practices, market information, expert advisory for diseases and forms.
In Madhya Pradesh, a state-level empowerment committee has been constituted with Agriculture Production Commissioner, Madhya Pradesh as the chairperson to implement NeGP-A.

</doc>
<doc id="31189252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189252" title="2011–12 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup">
2011–12 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup

The 2011–12 Ski Jumping World Cup was the 33rd World Cup season for men and 1st World Cup season for women in history. The men's World Cup began on 27 November 2011 in Kuusamo, Finland and ended on 18 March 2012 in Planica, Slovenia. The women's World Cup began on 3 December 2011 in Lillehammer, Norway and ended on 9 March 2012 in Oslo, Norway.
The defending men's champion was Thomas Morgenstern.
Calendar – Men's.
Individual events.
source:
Team events.
source:
Calendar – Women's.
Individual events.
source:

</doc>
<doc id="31189253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189253" title="List of Britannia documentaries">
List of Britannia documentaries

The Britannia series is a critically acclaimed series of documentaries from BBC Four that began in 2005. The documentaries most often deal with the evolution of a music genre or other aspect of musical culture over a period of decades within the United Kingdom, although occasionally episodes have covered music in other countries (Ireland, United States, Italy) or such diverse subjects as comic books, games, satirical works and wildlife. The shows are usually presented in a three-episode format, but are often broadcast as one continuous block as part of a schedule of themed programming.
Episodes.
"Jazz Britannia".
A look at the history of British jazz music. Presented by Terrence Stamp.
"Folk Britannia".
A look at the history of British folk music.
"Classic Britannia".
A look at the history of British classical music.
"Soul Britannia".
A look at the history of British soul music. Presented by Pauline Black.
"Comics Britannia".
A look at the history of British comics. Presented by Armando Ianucci.
"Dance Britannia".
A look at the history of British dance culture.
"Pop Britannia".
A look at the history of British pop music. Presented by Anne-Marie Duff.
"Folk Hibernia".
A look at the history of Irish folk music.
"Prog Rock Britannia: An Observation in Three Movements".
A look at the history of British progressive rock music. Presented by Nigel Planer and featuring interviews with Joe Boyd, Arthur Brown, Gary Brooker, Robert Wyatt, Bill Bruford, Mike Oldfield, Bob Harris, Jonathan Coe, Steve Howe, Carl Palmer, Rick Wakeman, Pete Sinfield, Richard Coughlan, Mont Campbell, Phil Collins, Mike Rutherford, Tony Banks, Ian Anderson and Roger Dean.
"Folk America".
A look at the history of American folk music. Presented by Bernard Hill.
"Blues Britannia: Can Blue Men Sing the Whites?".
A look at the history of British blues music. Presented by Nigel Planer and featuring interviews with Keith Richards, Jack Bruce, Chris Dreja, Chris Barber, Bill Wyman, Mick Fleetwood, Tony McPhee, Dave Kelly, Tom McGuinness, Paul Jones, Mike Vernon, Ian Anderson, John Mayall, Pete Brown, Val Wilmer, Phil Ryan, Champion Jack Dupree (archived), Bob Brunning, Phil May, Dick Taylor and Mick Abrahams.
"Synth Britannia".
A look at the history of British synthesizer-based electronic music. Featuring interviews with Richard H. Kirk, Bernard Sumner, Philip Oakey, Simon Reynolds, Wolfgang Flür, Andy McCluskey, Martyn Ware, Daniel Miller, Paul Humphreys, John Foxx, Cosey Fanni Tutti, Chris Carter, Gary Numan, Susanne Sulley, Joanne Catherall, Martin Gore, Vince Clarke, Andrew Fletcher, Dave Ball, Alison Moyet, Midge Ure, Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe.
"Games Britannia".
A look at the history of the British games industry. Presented by Benjamin Woolley.
"Heavy Metal Britannia".
A look at the history of British heavy metal music. Presented by Nigel Planer.
"Opera Italia".
A look at the history of Italian opera music. Presented by Antonio Pappano.
"Rude Britannia".
A look at the history of British satire. Presented by Julian Rhind-Tutt.
"Birds Britannia".
A look at the history of British birds. Presented by Bill Paterson.
"Festivals Britannia".
A look at the history of British music festivals.
"Reggae Britannia".
A look at the history of British reggae music. Presented by Ruby Turner and featuring interviews with Dennis Bovell, Boy George, Ali Campbell, Jerry Dammers, Don Letts, Dave Barker, Paul Weller, Paul Simonon, Prince Buster, Max Romeo, Pauline Black, Chris Blackwell, Sugar Minott, Bunny Lee, Bob Andy, Kentrick Patrick, Steve Barrow, Bigga Morrison, Brinsley Forde, David Hinds, Linton Kwesi Johnson, Sylvia Tella, Astro, Big Youth, Al Capone, Tippa Irie, Robin Campbell, Wayne Perkins, John "Rabbit" Bundrick, Mykaell Riley, Viv Albertine, Stewart Copeland, Andy Summers, Rhoda Dakar, James Brown, Neville Staple, Rico Rodriguez, Winston Reedy, Carroll Thompson, Janet Kay, Smiley Culture, Jazzie B and Caron Wheeler.
"Mixed Britannia".
A look at the history of the British mixed-race population. Presented by George Alagiah.
"Punk Britannia".
A look at the history of British punk music. Presented by Peter Capaldi.
"Pop Charts Britannia: 60 Years of the Top 10".
A look at the history of the UK Singles Chart. Original airdate: .
'1950s Britannia".
A look at British rock and jazz music in the pre-Beatles era. Presented by Roger McGough.

</doc>
<doc id="31189258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189258" title="List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Nordic)">
List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Nordic)

This is a list of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (Nordic). Over the years, the channel has shown many content. The channel airs cartoons, anime, and movies.The channel airs original and third-party content. Some cancelled programs are still rerunning.

</doc>
<doc id="31189271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189271" title="Joseph-Désiré Court">
Joseph-Désiré Court

Joseph-Désiré Court (14 September 1797 – 23 January 1865) was a French painter of historical subjects and portraits.
Court was born at Rouen. He became a pupil at the École des Beaux-Arts under Gros, and after carrying off the principal honours there pursued his studies still further at Rome. High expectations were formed of him when he exhibited in 1827 'The Death of Caesar,' a work manifesting earnest thought, and a conscientious handling of the facts of history. This is now preserved in the Louvre. Having shown himself in this and other works a vigorous painter, capable of seizing a subject with a masterly grasp, and having also in the region of portrait painting proved himself an artist of no common merit, he eventually dissipated his talents in the production of a series of empty official pictures painted by order of Louis Philippe. He died in Paris in 1865. The Bordeaux Museum has a portrait of Henri Fonfrède by him; that of Lyons, a 'Scene in the Deluge'; that of Rouen, ' Boissy-d'Anglas saluting 
the head of Féraud.' 

</doc>
<doc id="31189273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189273" title="List of buildings and structures in Chad">
List of buildings and structures in Chad

A list of notable buildings and structures in Chad:

</doc>
<doc id="31189305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189305" title="Jacob van Swanenburgh">
Jacob van Swanenburgh

Jacob van Swanenburg () (1571, Leiden – 1638, Leiden), was a Dutch Golden Age painter. He was the oldest of the three sons of Isaac van Swanenburg and a master of the young Rembrandt.
Biography.
According to Houbraken, Swanenburg learned to paint from his father, who had been a pupil of Frans Floris.
According to Houbraken and the Netherlands Institute for Art History, Swanenburg left for Venice ca. in 1591, was in Naples for ten years from 1605 to 1615 and married there. He returned to Leiden without his family, and then two years later in 1617 made another trip back to Naples to move his household definitely back to Leiden, where he became a successful painter. He is registered as a master of the young Rembrandt in 1620 and died in 1638 while on a trip to Utrecht.

</doc>
<doc id="31189318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189318" title="List of buildings and structures in Djibouti">
List of buildings and structures in Djibouti

A list of buildings and structures in Djibouti:

</doc>
<doc id="31189326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189326" title="Brigada (TV show)">
Brigada (TV show)

Brigada is an investigative news television in the Philippines on GMA News TV broadcast from February 28, 2011 up to the present.This is the spin-off version of the former program called Brigada Siete.

</doc>
<doc id="31189327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189327" title="Skálanes">
Skálanes

Skálanes is a nature reserve in Iceland.
The nature reserve and centre are owned and managed by Ólafur Pétursson and his family. The day to day running of the reserve is undertaken by Ólafur with the help of a wide variety of people from the local Icelandic community and from overseas.
Location.
Skálanes is located 17 km to the east of the town of Seyðisfjörður in eastern Iceland at 65° 18' 0" North, 13° 43' 0" West.
The Reserve.
The reserve is roughly 1250 ha in size. The site is bounded by the sea on the north and east and by a continuation of similar land to the south and west. The majority of the land slopes from the skyline (945m) in the south to the sea at the northern edge of the reserve. The coastline along the northern edge of the reserve makes up the southern side of the mouth of the Fjord called Seyðisfjorður, whilst the eastern section of coastline consists of sheer sea cliffs reaching up to 600 meters in height.
Below is list of the main habitat types found on the reserve:
This wealth of habitats provide niches for a wide variety of life. There are at least 150 species of plants, 47 bird species and the 4 Icelandic mammals.
Projects at Skálanes.
There are many long term projects that are currently being undertaken on the reserve.
Turf wall / turf building construction.
The method of using turf for creating boundaries and structures can be seen in many places throughout Iceland and is being used at Skálanes due to its heritage significance and unobtrusiveness when placed in natural environments. The work entails cutting and stacking turf in two lines and filling the centre with soil. The turf is overlapped in each layer similar to bricks in a house and tied together with pieces of turf which bridge the central cavity. The top is then capped with large pieces of turf.
Path work.
Essential to present and future visitor management is the creation and upkeep of various paths within the reserve. Staff are currently designing a specification for path construction and starting to lay paths in the most heavily used areas of the reserve.
Re-forestation.
Skálanes has an ambitious re-forestation plan covering 111 ha of the site. The tree species used in these plantings are predominately birch, rowan and willow all of which are Icelandic native species. Various planting methods are being trialed and monitored so that planting efforts are well targeted and efficient.
One of the largest areas of planting is located in an area where many fragments of relic woodland and associated ground flora remain. Supplementary planting in this area will hopefully accelerate the process of natural regeneration and encourage the remaining scrubby trees to expand into contiguous woodland.
Lupin control.
In recent years there has been some debate surrounding the Nootka lupin ("Lupinus nootkatensis") in Iceland. An introduced species used to combat soil erosion, lupin grows well on exposed, eroded soil areas however there is growing concern that in some places it is creeping away unchecked and out competing the native flora which consists of many delicate herbs, wild flowers, grasses and sedges.
The lupin at Skálanes is now being studied using various methods so as to help develop a landscape scale plan for the control and removal of this plant. It appears from direct observation within the reserve that there is a considerable loss of biodiversity in the areas that surround the lupin as it encroaches upon and out competes with other species.
Stone wall construction.
Using a specification written by a Scottish volunteer from a previous group, staff use stone from the surroundings to create boundary walls and walls for various structures.
Sustainable Agriculture.
The staff are increasingly looking at making Skálanes more sustainable and will be introducing some low-impact agriculture to the area around the centre. This will involve projects like a vegetable garden and rearing chickens and pigs.
Monitoring & Survey Work.
Monitoring and survey work is an important part of the conservation work at Skálanes. There are a wide variety of bird and plant species on the reserve which staff and volunteers surveys and monitor each year.

</doc>
<doc id="31189329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189329" title="Bertrand Freiesleben">
Bertrand Freiesleben

Bertrand Freiesleben (born 4 October 1967, in Lübeck, West Germany) is a German artist.
Life.
His father is a microbiologist and his mother a hand-weaver. They both have always been encouraging his musical and artistic talents since early age. His encounter with Henry Moore and Emilio Vedova during the 80's influenced his career choice. After Graduating from Johanneum zu Lübeck and the completion of his civil service, he studied sculpture at the Muthesius Academy of Fine Arts and Design in Kiel. However, he abandoned his studies to relocate to New York where he worked as a conceptual artist till 1992. 
Back in Germany, he studied both History of Art and Philosophy at the Free University of Berlin till 1998. The same year he received the Grand Prix de l’Académie des Beaux-Arts (Prix de portrait Paul-Louis Weiller) of the Institut de France. After the completion of his studies, he was teaching compositional analysis and surface geometry at the Institute of Art History of Free University of Berlin till 2005. In 2000 he was invited as a guest professor at Université Paris 8.
Freiesleben works only from live models and for the past two decades is devoted to sculpted portraits.
He is married to the painter Eva Scheide and they have three children. They live and work in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31189335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189335" title="Oman Botanic Garden">
Oman Botanic Garden

Oman Botanic Garden is a botanic garden currently under construction in the Arabian Peninsula. It is located close to Oman's capital city, Muscat, and will be open to the public in a few years. The garden is a governmental project and part of the Diwan of Royal Court. The aim of the project is to conserve the biodiversity and botanical heritage of Oman for a sustainable world. The project will do this by displaying the entire flora of the country in naturalistic habitat-style plantings and will include extensive exhibitions about plants and how they are used. 
The 420ha site of the botanic garden is located within the Muscat capital area and was selected as for its ease of access, for its beauty, dramatic landscape and plant diversity, with 10% of Oman’s native flora already naturally present.
Oman’s flora and vegetation.
Oman is home to 1200 species of plant, of which 79 are endemic, found nowhere else in the world. About 22% of Oman’s plants are range-restricted or face threats such as over-grazing, inappropriate development, off-road driving and climate change. The level of endemism is such that parts of southern and central Oman are included in the Horn of Africa biodiversity hotspot. 
Although the country is mostly arid, the seasonal rainforest of Dhofar, in the south of Oman, is lush during the summer monsoon or Khareef (July – September) and is home to most of the country’s endemic flora. The varied topography of Oman, with the Dhofar range of mountains in the south and Hajar mountains in the north also contribute to the level of plant diversity. 
The Oman Botanic Garden botanist team collects plants as seeds, and cuttings through its regular field trips; over 250 expeditions have visited all corners of the country since 2006, each one collecting, monitoring and recording invaluable data about Oman’s plants and environment. Seeds are brought back to the garden, cleaned and stored until they are used by the plant propagation team.
The Oman Botanic Garden will form a key part of Oman’s response to the Global Strategy for Plant Conservation, part of the Convention on Biological Diversity.
History of the project.
2004
2005 
2006 
2007
Jan 2008 
July 2008
Dec 2008 
May 2009
March 2010
Garden structures and facilities.
Nursery (open)
The first part of the botanic garden built on site, this state-of-the-art facility includes a shade house (3000 m2), an outside standing area (3000 m2), 4 polytunnels (4000 m2), 3 glasshouses (2600 m2), a propagation shed, offices and meeting room. 
The nursery now houses 94,000 living plants of 350 species and is the largest documented collection of Arabian plants in the world. The living collections, seedbank and herbarium hold about 70% of the total flora of the country.
Very few of Oman’s plants have been propagated or cultivated before, so the work of the nursery is greatly increasing the knowledge and understanding of the country’s flora.
Orientation Centre, Research Centre, Field Study Centre (under construction)
Currently under construction, this complex includes ticketing and exhibition areas for visitors, with cafes, plant shop and gift shop, laboratories, lecture theater, offices, library, herbarium, seed bank, classrooms, and accommodation for visiting students or researchers.
Heritage village (under construction)
The Heritage Village will display Oman’s ethnobotany, or plant-related crafts and traditions within a series of exciting, interactive workshops and displays for demonstrations of how Oman’s plants are used, from dye to cosmetics to medicine, to food and agriculture. The heritage village will be an engaging attraction for the whole family, with restaurant, café, classrooms, children’s play area, shops and amphitheatre. It will be surrounded by agricultural terraces and palm grove, complete with falaj irrigation system for visitors to explore.
Habitat displays (outdoor) – under construction
Oman’s flora will be displayed within a series of naturalistic habitats. The first of these, the Northern Gravel Desert, was planted in March 2010 with about native plants carefully positioned to reflect the natural habitat as closely as possible. 
Other outdoor habitats designed that are yet to be constructed include wadi, sabkha, central fog desert and sand desert. 
Habitat displays (indoor) - Northern and Southern Biomes – construction not started
The plants of Dhofar will be housed in three ‘biomes’, structures of rock and glass, which will cycle the three seasons between them, so at any time of year a visitor may experience the Khareef (or monsoon season) at the garden. 
The plants of Jabal Akhdar (in the Northern Hajar Mountains) and Musandam (far north of Oman) will also be displayed within ‘biomes’, to ensure they have the controlled climate conditions they require. 
Other existing facilities
Other facilities on site include a herbarium, seed bank and extensive electronic database that keeps track of the plants, where and when they were collected, environmental conditions in the natural environment, how they are grown as well as how much water or fertilizer they need. Each plant has its own complete record – a plant ‘passport’ which links it the records of its history within the database.
Staff.
The project team is also under development, with 49 staff members so far. Several of the team are recruits from the local village, enabling the involvement of the local community with the project and helping to ensure that the benefits and information about the project are shared - an important aspect of the project’s sustainability focus.
Sustainability.
As a part of its main objective, Oman Botanic Garden is helping to create a more sustainable world, throughout its design, construction and operation. The project is applying for certification for some of the buildings through the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), operated by the US Green Building Council. This places stringent criteria on energy efficiency, sourcing and use of materials, minimising the use of resources and communicating best practice. The project already collects steel, aluminum, paper, cardboard, glass, plastic and timber from the site for recycling through local companies, and P.E.T.
Education and communication.
To engage with the public, Oman Botanic Garden produces and distributes a regular newsletter, both hardcopy and via email, to several thousand supporters. In addition, a temporary visitor centre is used for pre-booked visiting groups and school parties.
See also.
Tourism in Oman
Eco tourism
Plant conservation
References.
Patzelt A, Morris L, Al Rashdi I, Al Farsi K, 2010. Dionysia mira in Oman Botanic Garden. The Rock Garden, The Journal of the Scottish Rock Garden Club, 125: 47-49.
Al-Abbasi TM, Al-Farhan A, Al-Khulaidi AW, Hall M, Llewellyn OA, Miller AG, Patzelt A, 2010. Important Plant Areas in the Arabian Peninsula. Edinburgh Journal of Botany 67(1): 25-35.
Brinkmann K, Patzelt A. 2010. Rangeland Vegetation on Al Jabal Al Akhdar – a Key Resource of Oasis settlements. In: Buerkert, A. & Schlecht E. (eds.) Oases of Oman – Livelihood Systems at the Crossroads, p. 34-37. All Roya Press & Publishing House, Sultanate of Oman.
Patzelt A, 2010. Plant Communities, Endemism and Conservation – History and Heritage. In: Buerkert, A. & Schlecht E. (eds.) Oases of Oman – Livelihood Systems at the Crossroads, p. 30-33. All Roya Press & Publishing House, Sultanate of Oman.
Brinkmann K, Patzelt A, Dickhoefer U, Schlecht E, Buerkert A. 2009. Vegetation pattern and diversity along an altitudinal and a grazing gradient in the Jabal Al Akhdar mountain range of northern Oman. Journal of Arid Environment, 74: 1035-1045.
Patzelt A, Morris LM, Al Farsi K, Spalton A., 2009. The Oman Botanic Garden (2): Collections Policy, Nursery Construction, Expanded Plant Production and Initial Tree Translocation. Sibbaldia 7: 83-97
Tucker, C., Kneebone, S., Richardson, M. (2009) Gaining Accreditation for Sustainability - Oman Botanic Garden and Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED). BGjournal 6(2): 7-9
Kneebone, S., Mehdi, D. (2010) Oman Botanic Garden; A natural destination for responsible tourism. Destination:RT The e-guide to responsible tourism in destinations around the world. 30-33.
Patzelt A, Morris, L, Al Harthi, L, Al Rashdi, I, Spalton, A, 2008. The Oman Botanic Garden (1): The Vision, early plant collections and propagation. Sibbaldia 6: 41-77.
Pickering H, Patzelt A, 2008. Field Guide to the Wild Plants of Oman. Kew Publishing, Royal Botanic Gardens Kew. 281 pages.
Gebauer J, Patzelt A, Hammer K, Buerkert A, 2007. First record of Grewia tenax (Forsk.) Fiori in northern Oman, a valuable fruit producing shrub. Genetic Resources and Crop Evolution 54, 1153-1158.
Miller A G, Knees S, Patzelt A, 2007. A new species of Barleria (section Prionitis) from Oman. Edinburgh Journal of Botany 64 (1): 107-112.
Richardson, N., Dorrs, M. (2004) The Craft Heritage of Oman. London: Motivate Publishers
Miller, A. G., Morris, M. (1988) Plants of Dhofar. Muscat: Office for the Adviser for Conservation of the Environment, Diwan of Royal Court.

</doc>
<doc id="31189339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189339" title="Amathina tricarinata">
Amathina tricarinata

Amathina tricarinata is a species of small sea snail, marine heterobranch gastropod mollusc or micromolluscs in the family Amathinidae.
Distribution.
This marine species occurs in the Mediterranean Sea (as a non-indigenous species), the Red Sea and off Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="31189341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189341" title="Adler's Appetite (EP)">
Adler's Appetite (EP)

"Adler's Appetite" is an EP released by American hard rock band Adler's Appetite. It was produced by the band. "Adler's Appetite" was released in February 2005, and consists of four original songs by the band, as well as two covers: "Draw the Line" by Aerosmith and "Hollywood" by Thin Lizzy. A studio album was planned for release in 2005 through Shrapnel Records, but failed to materialise. The band's next release didn't arrive until 2012 "Alive" EP, which was the last release by the band before they dissolved.
"Adler's Appetite" has a website dedicated to its distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="31189356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189356" title="Discrete two-point space">
Discrete two-point space

In topology, a branch of mathematics, a discrete two-point space is the simplest example of a totally disconnected discrete space. The points can be denoted by the symbols 0 and 1.
Any disconnected space has a continuous mapping onto the discrete two-point space. Conversely if a continuous mapping to the discrete two-point space exists from a topological space, the space is disconnected.

</doc>
<doc id="31189361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189361" title="Amathina">
Amathina

Amathina is a genus of small sea snails, marine heterobranch gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Amathinidae.
"Amathina" is the type genus of the family Amathinidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Amathina" include:

</doc>
<doc id="31189363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189363" title="List of Romanichals">
List of Romanichals

This page makes mention of prominent individuals of Romanichal descent.

</doc>
<doc id="31189372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189372" title="Marcel Grant">
Marcel Grant

Marcel Grant (born 19 July 1961) is a filmmaker based in London. He established the independent film production company, Dancing Brave Pictures, in 2004. He has written and directed three feature films Open My Eyes, "Just Inès" and "Coffee Sex You", as well as mid-length film "What's Your Name 41?"
Early life.
Grant was born in London on 19 July 1961. He was a boarder at Reed's School in Cobham, Surrey. Upon leaving, he then had various successful ventures as a performer in the music industry and running a London nightclub where he was strongly involved in the New Romantic scene of the 1980s. Later, he moved into property development.
Film career.
Grant first entered the film industry by co-founding the production company Pagoda in the late 1990s. Here, he found critical and commercial success with the 2000 film "Gangster No. 1" starring Paul Bettany and Malcolm McDowell. He then established the independent production company, Shipwreck Film, under the title of which he made five short films: "Shoot All The People"; "A Deal Is A Deal"; "Burning City"; "Mr Know-It-All"; and "I Own You". The final film he directed with Shipwreck was "What’s Your Name 41?" in 2005. A featurette, What's Your Name 41? stars Con O'Neill as a renowned contemporary artist and Ann Mitchell as his art dealer. The film was shown at various festivals in the UK and abroad, including the Berlin International Directors Lounge, Cannes Short Film Corner and the California Independent Film Festival.
Shipwreck Film then became Dancing Brave Pictures, the company with which Grant has written, directed and produced three feature films: "Just Inès", "Coffee Sex You" and "Open My Eyes".
"Just Inès" stars the French actress Caroline Ducey, famed for her portrayal of a sexually frustrated teacher in Catherine Breillat's controversial 1999 film "Romance". Co-starring with Caroline is Daniel Weyman, currently in ITV's Foyle's War. "Just Inès" had its world premiere at the Mannheim-Heidelberg International Film Festival in 2010 was then screened at the Cairo International Film Festival and FEST in Belgrade, Serbia.
"Open My Eyes" began shooting in February 2012 at CERN in Geneva, Switzerland starring Oliver Tobias and Alissa Jung. The film is now complete and due for release in 2014.
Grant recently directed the "Electric Cinema's How To Behave", a short film that plays before every feature screening at the Electric Cinema on Portobello Road. The film stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Natalie Dormer, Michael McIntyre, Nigella Lawson, James Corden, Rafe Spall, Emilia Fox, amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="31189375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189375" title="Sergej Evljuskin">
Sergej Evljuskin

Sergej Evljuskin (born January 4, 1988) is a German footballer who currently plays for Hessen Kassel.

</doc>
<doc id="31189402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189402" title="Kevin Müller (footballer)">
Kevin Müller (footballer)

Kevin Müller (born 15 March 1991) is a German footballer who plays for VfB Stuttgart II as a goalkeeper.
For the 2013–14 season Müller moved to VfB Stuttgart II. He signed on 10 June 2013 a contract until June 2015 with VfB Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="31189414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189414" title="Greg Hollick">
Greg Hollick

Gregory Russell "Greg" Hollick (born 7 October 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.
Hollick was a ruck rover, half back and occasional forward who joined Richmond from the Sunraysia Football League. He was a regular fixture in the team in 1971 when he played 19 games, including Richmond's semi final win and preliminary final loss. The following season he appeared in two further finals but was unable to make the premiership decider due to his national service training.
Although signed by Melbourne in 1973, Hollick instead ended up at West Adelaide in the SANFL. He won a Grogan Medal while at Queensland club Mayne in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="31189426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189426" title="List of buildings and structures in Eritrea">
List of buildings and structures in Eritrea

A list of notable buildings and structures in Eritrea:

</doc>
<doc id="31189430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189430" title="Leucisca">
Leucisca

Leucisca is a genus of crabs in the family Leucosiidae. The genus is endemic to South Africa.
Species.
Species in the genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="31189442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189442" title="NZR WH class">
NZR WH class

The NZR WH class was a class of three steam locomotives built by Manning Wardle built for service on New Zealand's private Wellington and Manawatu Railway (WMR). They did not acquire their WH classification until 1908 when the publicly owned New Zealand Railways Department (NZR) purchased the WMR and its locomotive fleet. Two of the five locomotives purchased by the WMR in 1884 had previously been sold.
The first locomotives purchased by the WMR were five 2-6-2T light tank locomotives, to be used for construction work and then for local traffic. The WMR engineer in charge of construction Harry Higginson sent his requirements to the WMR’s agent in London Sir Julius Vogel in 1883. Mr Bromley drew up detailed drawings and specifications, and a tender was awarded in January 1884 to Manning Wardle of Leeds, England. The first locomotive was tested at Leeds by Mr Bromley, who was killed in a railway accident at Bulhouse while returning to London. No. 1 & 2 arrived at Wellington on the "SS Aorangi" on 15 September, and Nos. 4 & 5 on the "SS Ionic" arrived on 28 January 1885. No. 1 was tested at the Petone NZR workshops, and found to have tight bearings, with Higginson rebutting rumours printed in the "Evening Post" that it was of unsatisfactory design and manufacture. Their centre drivers were flangeless; and the smokeboxes were too short (possibly because of the coal used) so were extended within a couple of years. The extension improved their performance, if not their appearance. The first engine was eagerly awaited in September 1884, as the formation to Johnsonville was ready for tracklaying and ballasting, but the WMR had unsuccessfully tried to hire a locomotive from the Government in August 1884. The last two were shipped to Wanganui after erection at Wellington to provide much-needed motive power at the isolated Longburn end.
These engines were expected to haul 70 tons up the 1 in 40 grade to Johnsonville; and two in tandem could be used to Johnsonville, with only one proceeding to Paekakariki. For the easier run to Longburn a faster tender locomotive was required, and three engines similar to the NZR V class were ordered in 1883. The tank engines were averaging about 24,000 miles each in 1887-88 but about 17,000 miles each in 1889. By 1892, half of the running of Nos. 2, 3 & 5 was for track maintenance work (some 25,000 miles) and half for shunting and Wellington-Paekakariki banking. No. 5 required repairs in 1887-88 and 1892.
Two locos: WMR Nos. 3 and 5 (Manning Wardle Nos. 922 and 924), were sold to the Timaru Harbour Board in 1901. Later, one was sold to the Mount Somers Tramway in the 1930s, and the other scrapped. No. 5 was sold for £1000, and arrived in Timaru on 26 February 1901. No. 3 was reassembled at Addington, and reached Timaru on 22 April 1901. They were written off at the end of the 1900-01 financial year (No. 5) and in the 1901-02 financial year (No. 3). The mileage to 29/2/1908 (but presumably only for WMR service) is given as 219,999 miles (No. 3) and 211,602 miles (No. 5).
Three locos: WMR Nos. 1, 2 and 4 (Manning Wardle Nos. 920, 921, and 923) were taken over by the NZR in 1908, and classified as NZR WH class. The NZR numbers were Nos. 447 (305,825 miles), 448 (319,724 miles), and 449 (346,162 miles) respectively; with the WMR mileage to 29 February 1908 given in brackets.
They were sold after being written off as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="31189459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189459" title="Al Assad University Hospital">
Al Assad University Hospital

Al Assad University Hospital in Damascus is one of the largest teaching hospitals in Syria. It was founded in 1988 and is run by the Ministry of Higher Education. The hospital is affiliated with Damascus University.

</doc>
<doc id="31189462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189462" title="2011 Uzbekistan Cup">
2011 Uzbekistan Cup

The 2011 Uzbekistan Cup was the 19th season of the annual Uzbek football Cup competition. The competition started on April 17, 2011 and ended on November 13, 2011 with the final that was held at the Pakhtakor Markaziy Stadium in Tashkent. Bunyodkor were the defending champions.
The cup winner were guaranteed a place in the 2012 AFC Champions League.
Round of 32.
The draw for the Round of 32 was held on 24 February 2011 at Uzbek Football Federation office in Tashkent.
The one leg matches were played on 29 and 30 April.
Round of 16.
First leg matches were played on 6-7, 24 May and 4 June. Second leg matches were played on 24, 25 and 27 June. Match between FC Erkurgan Koson and Bunyodkor was played on 6 June 2011 with 1:1 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="31189463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189463" title="2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Men's 1000 metres">
2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Men's 1000 metres

The men's 1000 metre at the 2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place 13 March at the Sheffield Arena.
Results.
Heats.
Top 2 Athletes from each heat qualified for quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals.
Top 2 Athletes from each heat qualified for Semifinals.
Semifinals.
Top 2 Athletes from each heat qualified for the Final.

</doc>
<doc id="31189472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189472" title="Liljeholmens Stearinfabriks AB">
Liljeholmens Stearinfabriks AB

Liljeholmens Stearinfabriks AB is a Swedish candle manufacturer. The factory is located in Oskarshamn, Sweden.
History.
The company was founded in 1839 by Lars Johan Hierta, the same person who founded the Swedish daily newspaper "Aftonbladet". Originally the factory was located to Stockholm but in 1970 a new factory and a factory outlet was built in coastal town Oskarshamn, in the south-east of Sweden. 
Production.
Today the factory is the world’s largest manufacturer specialized in stearin candles. The yearly production is about 10 000 tons.

</doc>
<doc id="31189482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189482" title="Ghods Saeghe">
Ghods Saeghe

"Saeghe" (Thunderbolt) is a simple Iranian target drone. 
Performance.
Saeghe is a delta wing narrow pointed fuselage target drone. Control surfaces are located on the horizontal stabilizers. The drone uses a pusher-configuration engine which generates a power of 25hp which makes it able to endure for 45 minutes. Some say it is MADO 275cc engine.
It comes in two versions. The first one which only has radio command guidance system and the other one which has GPS guidance and IR emissions. Both versions are launched via a booster and are recovered by parachute.

</doc>
<doc id="31189489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189489" title="Let's Eat at Home!">
Let's Eat at Home!

The Let's Eat at Home programme is a series based on the life of a young wife. Every Sunday morning at 9:25am Julia Vysotskaya shows viewers how to make tasty, quick and original meals for their friends and family.
The programme has been airing live on NTV and STB television channels since 2003.
"Breakfast with Julia Vysotskaya" cooking programme.
The "Breakfast with Julia Vysotskaya" programme is a TV cooking show, in which Julia shows us how to prepare a tasty and healthy breakfast in just 5 minutes.
The "Breakfast with Julia Vysotskaya" has been airing at 07:55am on the NTV channel since 2009.
The social network edimdoma.ru is a meeting place for cooking fans to chat to each other, build up their own cookbooks and participate in contests. The site is filled with a large collection of recipes from community leader Julia Vysotskaya, as well as many recipes provided by users. The majority of them come with step-by-step photo instructions.
The website edimdoma.ru also features cooking channel edimdoma.tv where users can watch Julia Vysotskaya preparing dishes, and her video blog, which is regularly updated with new content. Both projects were launched in 2009.
The "Let's Eat at Home" book.
Julia Vysotskaya's first book of "Let's Eat at Home" recipes came out in December, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31189491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189491" title="List of Irish Travellers">
List of Irish Travellers

This is a list of Irish Travellers.

</doc>
<doc id="31189493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189493" title="Another Time, Another Place (1983 film)">
Another Time, Another Place (1983 film)

Another Time, Another Place is a 1983 British drama film directed by Michael Radford and starring Phyllis Logan, Giovanni Mauriello and Denise Coffey. 
Plot.
A young Scottish woman, Janie (Phyllis Logan) becomes fascinated by the Italian prisoners of war held in a camp nearby during the Second World War. Set in 1943 Scotland during World War II, Janie is young Scottish housewife married to a man named Dougal (Paul Young), who is 15 years older than she is. Participating in a war rehabilation program, Janie and Dougal takes in three Italian P.O.W.'s to work on their farm. Janie soon falls in love with one of the three, Luigi (Giovanni Mauriello). She begins a secret relationship with Luigi that is doomed from the very beginning.

</doc>
<doc id="31189498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189498" title="Mersch Castle">
Mersch Castle

Mersch Castle () in central Luxembourg is one of the castles belonging to the Valley of the Seven Castles. Located in the centre of Mersch, its history goes back to the 13th century. Today the castle houses the administrative offices of the local commune.
History.
The castle was built in the 13th century by Theodoric, a knight in the service of Countess Ermesinde of Luxembourg. It was captured and burnt down by the Burgundians. In 1574, Paul von der Veltz transformed the building into a comfortable castle in the Renaissance style. The keep had large windows and the property was surrounded by a protective wall with seven towers. Finely vaulted ceilings were erected over the rooms on the ground floor and the first floor. The Knights' Hall on the second floor has a magnificent chimney. The arms of 16 noblemen decorated the walls. In 1603, the castle was again destroyed by the Dutch. In 1635, during the Thirty Years' War, the castle and the village were left in a sorry state. However, around 1700, it was once again repaired, this time by Johann-Friedrich von Elter who rebuilt the gate and appended his coat of arms. The chapel was restored in 1717 by von Elter. The altar bears the arms of the castle's heiress, Charlotte von Elter. 
In 1898, the Sonnenberg-Reinach family sold the castle to a businessman called Schwartz-Hallinger. In 1930, restoration work was carried out by the owner M. Uhres. In 1938, a youth hostel was housed in a new building adjacent to the castle. From 1957, the commune acquired the building but sold it to the State of Luxembourg in 1960. As a result of an exchange agreement, the commune finally regained ownership in 1988 and undertook substantial renovation work for the needs of itse administrative services which now occupy the building.

</doc>
<doc id="31189508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189508" title="Charles Gookin">
Charles Gookin

Charles Gookin (c. 1660–c. 1723) was a deputy governor of colonial Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Gookin had been a soldier and bore the title of colonel. He was appointed deputy governor of Pennsylvania by William Penn, serving from 1 February 1709 till 31 May 1717. He was selected because of his thoughtful demeanor and supposed wisdom, but it was afterward learned that he was deranged. Until the session of 1714, harmony prevailed between the assembly and the governor, but the remainder of his term of office was stormy. On 15 February 1714, the day for the convening of the assembly, the weather was severe, and a quorum failed to assemble. This embittered him, and when, on the following day, an organization was effected, he roundly abused the committee sent to him, and drove them from his door. He once removed all the chief justices of New Castle County for doing their duty in an action against his brother-in-law, leaving the county without a magistrate for six weeks. At another time, when the judges of the Supreme Court at New Castle refused to permit a certain commission of his to be published in court, he sent for one of the judges and kicked him. These events had upset many citizens in the areas under Gookin’s jurisdiction. Lawyer Andrew Hamilton was indicted before the Governor’s Grand Jury for cursing and arguing against Gookin. The case would later be dismissed. The breach made by his eccentricities widened until 1717, when, on petition of the council, he was removed. One of Penn's letters says: "His grandfather, Sir Vincent Gookin, had been an early great planter in Ireland in Kings James I. and Charles I. days."

</doc>
<doc id="31189509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189509" title="Bechara Boutros al-Rahi">
Bechara Boutros al-Rahi

Patriarch Cardinal Mar Bechara Boutros al-Rahi (or "Raï", ) (born 25 February 1940) is the 77th Maronite Patriarch of Antioch, a position he has held since 15 March 2011, succeeding Patriarch Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir. Rahi also holds the position of a Cardinal of the Catholic Church.
Early life and education.
Mar Bechara Boutros al-Rahi was born in Himlaya, Matn District, Lebanon on 25 February 1940. He attended Collège Notre Dame de Jamhour, a Jesuit school in Lebanon. He entered the Mariamite Maronite Order on 31 July 1962 and was ordained as a priest on 3 September 1967. From 1967 to 1975 he was responsible for the Arabic transmissions of Vatican Radio. In 1975, he received a PhD in canon and civil law. He also studied for three years at Lateran University in Rome.
Religious positions.
He was consecrated as auxiliary bishop of Antioch on 12 July 1986, by Patriarch Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir and on 9 June 1990, he was elected bishop of Byblos. In 2003 he was elected Secretary of the Maronite Synod, and in 2009 he was appointed President of the Lebanese Episcopal Commission for the Media.
Maronite patriarch.
At 71, he was elected patriarch of the Maronites on 15 March 2011, after getting more than two-thirds of the votes of the 39 bishops and replacing Nasrallah Sfeir. The Mass for the inauguration of his Patriarchate took place on 25 March 2011, in Bkerké, the see of the Maronite Catholic Patriarchate. As is customary for all Maronite Patriarchs, Patriarch al-Rahi took the additional name "Boutros", that of Saint Peter, who briefly held the See of Antioch before moving to Rome to become Bishop there. On 7 March 2012, Patriarch al-Rahi was appointed a member of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches.
Patriarch Bechara Boutros al-Rahi was created a Cardinal by Pope Benedict XVI in a consistory on 24 November 2012. Patriarch al-Rahi is the fourth Maronite Patriarch created cardinal, the first three being his three immediate predecessors Paul Peter Meouchi, Anthony Peter Khoraish, and Nasrallah Sfeir.
On 31 January 2013, Cardinal Patriarch al-Rahi was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI to serve as a member of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches, the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura, the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Migrants and Itinerants, and the Pontifical Council for Social Communications.
In February 2013, following the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI, Patriarch Rai, being a Cardinal, became a candidate to the papacy. He participated as a cardinal elector in the conclave that elected Pope Francis. Cardinal Rai was one of four cardinal-electors from outside the Latin Church who wore distinct vestments proper to their respective churches. The other three cardinal-electors from outside the Latin Church were Coptic Catholic Patriarch-Emeritus Antonios Naguib, Syro Malabar Major Archbishop George Alencherry, and Syro-Malankara Major Archbishop Baselios Cleemis. Cardinal Rai's attire during the opening day was distinct from most of the other electors in that he wore all-red vestments with distinct headgear proper to the Maronite Church. Cardinal Rai is also the first Maronite Cardinal Patriarch ever to participate in a papal conclave.
Cardinal Patriarch al-Rahi was named a Member of the Congregation for Catholic Education by Pope Francis on Saturday, November 30, 2013.
Religio-political views.
In April 2011, Rahi said that, for the sake of communion and love, he would work "to establish a sincere and complete dialogue" with Muslims "and build together a future in common life and cooperation." He said his predecessor "struggled with insistence to free both the national decision-making and the land of Lebanon from all forms of tutelage and occupation, worked for reconciliation in Mount Lebanon and realized needed church reforms. All of these constitute an extension of the church's springtime started by the Second Vatican Council." Patriarch Rai does not use the term "Arab spring", but "Arab winter" to express his unenthusiastic reaction.
Syria and Hezbollah.
In September 2011, some of the Christian community of Lebanon, partly supportive of the March 14 alliance, were upset over his controversial comments in Paris, France supporting Hezbollah's right to hold arms in defense against Israel and that the 2011 Syrian protests could awaken the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood if President Bashar al-Assad was removed from office. The opposition March 14 alliance criticised him for the comments and sought clarification from him, especially seeing that his predecessor patriarch Sfeir had very different views and was almost fanatically supportive of the Lebanese Forces, the main March 14 Christian party. However the Christians of the March 8 alliance welcomed his comments. Prime Minister Najib Mikati also supported his stance saying "The Maronite patriarch spoke about a part the problem. No one is against the resistance’s arms as long as occupation continues. There is Lebanese unanimity on the resistance’s arms in the face of [Israeli occupation." 
He said that after his meeting with al-Rahi that he was satisfied with the explanation and that he was "very relieved and reassured by the Patriarch’s wisdom." President Michel Suleiman said that al-Rahi's comments were not "politics or political employment" and that he had an all-encompassing vision to show the French. He also added that "the Patriarch is not in need of anyone to defend him and his positions emanate from his central role as a person in charge of Lebanon's and the Middle East's Christians and that of Lebanon's independence and sovereignty;" and that "the patriarch does not need to be defended, and his stances represent his way of taking responsibility for Lebanon’s Christians." 
Parliament speaker Nabih Berri said that Rai's "comments in Paris protect Lebanon from danger and I agree with what he stated and affirm his vision that is rooted in both a religious and national background" and that "If the situation further deteriorated in Syria and we reached a more radical rule than the current rule, like the rule of the Muslim Brotherhood, Christians there would pay the price, either in the form of killings or displacement. Here is the picture of Iraq in front of us." 
Free Patriotic Movement leader Michel Aoun expressed support for al-Rahi and added that no one wants the Syrian government to fall. "Rai’s statements express the concerns of the minorities because he is entrusted with the Synod for the Middle East. Gradual changes doesn’t harm stability and wouldn’t get Syria into the troubles as Palestine, Iraq, Libya and Yemen. [As some of the Syrian demonstrators are armed and are destroying the country the Syrian government cannot but bring order to the country." Former 14 March Progressive Socialist Party leader Walid Jumblatt, who sits with the incumbent March 8 alliance in government, also criticised Rai's assessment of Hezbollah’s arms with the fate of the Middle East conflict on the grounds that "Lebanon cannot remain hostage to regional conflicts." He also criticised Rai’s assessment of regime change in Syria as posing a threat to Christians in the country.
In an interview with "Reuters" on 4 March 2012, al-Rahi said: "All regimes in the Arab world have Islam as a state religion, except for Syria. It stands out for not saying it is an Islamic state...The closest thing to democracy the Arab world is Syria."
Awards.
In 2011, Patriarch Rai was decorated with the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor by the president of France, Nicholas Sarkozy. In 2012, he received the award of the National Order of the Cedar.

</doc>
<doc id="31189528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189528" title="Sierra de Los Filabres">
Sierra de Los Filabres

Sierra de Los Filabres is the largest mountain range in Almería Province, Andalusia, Spain. 
Its highest point, the Calar Alto is also the highest peak in the province of Almería and hosts an important astronomical observatory.
Geography.
The Sierra de Los Filabres belongs to the Penibaetic System and forms the southern limit of the Almanzora Valley. Besides it highest point, the 2,168 m high Calar Alto, other important peaks are the Tetica de Bacares or "La Tetica" (2,086 m), a breast-shaped hill, and the Calar Gallinero (2,049 m). 
The Sierra de Los Filabres is an eastern prolongation of the Sierra de Baza mountain range in the same system. There are picturesque towns in this range, like Olula de Castro, Chercos Viejo and Sierro, to name but a few.
The easiest route to reach the range starts from Gérgal.

</doc>
<doc id="31189548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189548" title="Srpski Top Model">
Srpski Top Model

Srpski Top Model (Serbia's Top Model) is a Serbian reality documentary based on Tyra Banks' "America's Next Top Model" and is aired on Prva. The show pits contestants against each other in a variety of competitions to determine who will win title of the new Serbian "Top Model" as well as a modelling contract with a Serbian agency and will land the cover of "Grazia" in hopes of a promising career start in the modeling industry.
Serbian top-model Ivana Stanković equals the role of Tyra Banks in the original series as the head of the search as well as a mentor for the 15 girls that have been chosen to live in a house together in Belgrade.
Together with the panel of judges which includes photographer Miša Obradović and fashion expert Nenad Radujević she will evaluate the girls in a weekly judging session following eliminations until only three of them are left.
Cycle one started airing on March 16, 2011 and finished on June 6th. 18 year old Neda Stojanović from Raška won over Bojana Banjac and Milica Đorđević. During the show Neda was spotted by a French modelling scout backstage at Belgrade Fashion Week. As reward for her victory she won a modelling contract with a respected Serbian modelling agency, the cover of Grazia and an all-expenses trip to Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="31189553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189553" title="Ischalis variabilis">
Ischalis variabilis

Ischalis variabilis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is widespread in the North and South islands.
There are two to three distinct transverse lines on the forewing. Both sexes have four discal spots which are usually visible dorsally as well as ventrally. Adults have been recorded year round, except June on the North Island. The main flight period is October to March. There seem to be two generations per year, but may breed continuously during mild winters.
The eggs are usually deposited in January and February. They are almost hemispherical, slightly ovate, flattened, pale bluish-green in colour, covered with numerous very slight hexagonal depressions. As the enclosed embryo develops, small irregular reddish-brown patches appear on the surface of the egg-shell.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Cyathea" and "Dicksonia" species. First-instar larva are very pale ochreous-brown, with two wavy orange-red subdorsal lines. Full-grown larvae are about 32 mm long and pale rusty-brown with an obscure pale-brown dorsal line. Pupation takes place in a pupa enclosed in a curled fern leaf or hidden amongst leaf litter on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="31189557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189557" title="Shree Kshetra Korthan Khandoba Devastan">
Shree Kshetra Korthan Khandoba Devastan

Shree Kshetra Korthan Khandoba Devasthan is a temple situated at the height of 951 meters on the hills of Pimpalgaon Rotha, which is located 50 km from the city of Ahmednagar and 30 km from the city of Parner.
History.
In 1491 the old temple was built but in 1997 the temple was redeveloped by villagers. With the "Bramhlin Param Pujya Shree Gagangiri Maharaj" the "Suvarna kalash" is placed on "Champashasti". Thus "Champashasti" has been celebrated as a festival since 1997. Programs of "Satsangs" used to be arranged on that day. Nearly 15 laks people visit the temple every year. One can see part of District Ahmednagar, and Pune can be seen from temple. Roads from these two districts come here. Under "Pradhanmantri Gramsadak Yojna" street-lights, toilets, "Sambhamandap" and "Dharmashala" are being built. The movie named "Korthancha Khanderaya" was produced here, which also helped to make Devasthan popular. The temple has its own Audio & Video cassettes too. The government of Maharashtra awarded the temple into group "B" ("B" group temple foundation gave Khandoba Devasthan 70 laks for doing work on temple), so more facilities and management may be possible.
About Devasthan.
From ancient times "Lord Khandoba" has been worshiped in Maharashtra, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Goa of India. His deity is a form of Lord Shiva.
On Hindu month "Margashish" and the day of "Shukla 6", "Champashasti" is celebrated as ""Shree Khandoba Avtaar Diwas"". On "Paush poornima" Shree Khandoba wed with Mhalsabai; thus we celebrate grand "Yatra Mohotsav". On this day many people from Maharashtra as well as Madhya Pradesh, Gujrat, Karnataka, and Goa come. The statue of Khandoba is thought to not have been made by anyone, but rather is self-generated; thus it is called "Kor than", here. "Kor" means "untouched".
Yatra.
This temple has a grand yatra of the god Khandoba every year on the Hindu month of Paush and the day of the poornima.
This grand celebration lasts three days. The second day of yatra has a very popular bullock cart race locally called the "Gaade". This racing generally consists of a pair of bullocks with "Bhandara" on their whole body. Sometimes the bullocks are led by a horse and a man sitting on it. A specially dedicated track is made for this event on the right side of the temple. Then, the second new track is made at "Bhandara Doongar" (hill), but in 2011 this race was carried out at the far left of the temple.
The third day of the yatra is called "Kathya". "Kathya" generally stands for the long wooden stick (nearly 35–50 feet), covered by various colored cloths, which is roped to give support. The first "kadthi" to arrive at the temple is "Pimpalgaon Rotha". The other villages are "kathya" which follows it viz. "Belhe" and "Aale". When this "kathya" touches the top of temple ("Kalash"), the yatra of the God Khandoba is declared finished.

</doc>
<doc id="31189572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189572" title="Mumsie">
Mumsie

Mumsie is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Pauline Frederick, Nelson Keys and Herbert Marshall. It was adapted from a play by Edward Knoblock about a favourite son of a family who proves to be a coward when war breaks out. Pauline Frederick's last silent film. "Mumsie" is a lost film. It was made at Twickenham Studios. 
The film was a major success and helped Herbert Marshall establish himself in Hollywood soon afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="31189573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189573" title="Jan Hus Presbyterian Church">
Jan Hus Presbyterian Church

Jan Hus Presbyterian Church, located at 351 East 74th Street, New York, New York, in Manhattan's Upper East Side, is a congregation associated with the Presbyterian Church USA.
The church is named for Jan Hus, a Bohemian priest who was a theologian and reformer. The church is in the area that was once known as Little Bohemia. Once a center of the Czech community, the church now has a diversified inclusionist congregation.
The church runs an active Neighborhood House that promotes music, theater and culture and operates a homeless outreach program. The church basement includes a 150-seat theatre that was home to Gilbert and Sullivan performing groups almost continuously from 1952 to 1975. Chicago City Limits performed there throughout the 1980s. Since then, several arts organizations have been based at the theatre.
History.
The church was founded in 1877 when Gustav Alexy, a Hungarian missionary, felt a calling to work among the Czech community. The building was designed by R.H. Robertson and built in 1888, and bears the inscription ""Truth Prevails"", a famous Jan Hus saying. The church sits down the block from the Byzantine Moderne-style Greek Orthodox Archdiocesan Cathedral of the Holy Trinity.
When Pastor Alexy died in 1880, the newly official Presbyterian Church asked 21-year-old Vincent Pisek to take over as leader. At the turn of the century Czech families immigrated to America in large numbers settling in New York. The followers of Jan Hus had been persecuted or forced out of Bohemia. Pisek was "free-thinking" and performed marriages between men and women from different ethnic groups. His enthusiasm to help make these marriages was a part of what helped to build his church.
With thousands of Czech parishioners when the church started, the congregation has changed greatly with the Czech community dispersing over the years. By the 1950s, Jan Hus Church was no longer predominantly Czech. Jan Hus Church has not had a Czech pastor since the 1960s. 
Ray Bagnuolo became the pastor August 2, 2009 and still resides there.
Jan Hus was among the first churches to become an Open and Affirming congregation for the full inclusion of Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, and Transgender people in church life The church is now one of many congregations associated with More Light Presbyterians.
Jan Hus Neighborhood House.
Through the efforts Vincenc Pisek of Malesov, the successor of Gustav Alexy of Roznov, the new modern Czech Brethren Presbyterian House was built in 1888.
Among its many community efforts Jan Hus Church organizes a homeless outreach program called HOAP. The program HOAP assists more than fifty guests with immediate responses to their physical needs. The program also allows the homeless to use the church's address for their mailing address, and currently receives mail for over 500 people.
In 1888, the J.H. & C.S. Odell Company installed a "Size No. 9" organ in the church, The Odell Size 9 organ had a case of "appropriate and approved design, made of Walnut, Chestnut, or Ash," with "the large speaking pipes displayed in front to be gilded, silvered, or richly ornamented in gold and colors." The organ measured high, 11 feet, 3 inches wide, and 7 feet, 3 inches deep. This organ was removed in 1969 by Alan Laufman and Guy Henderson, but the organ case and display pipes were left in the church.
Like many churches in New York City, Jan Hus rents out its space for community and artistic events; however, Jan Hus has been dedicated to this mission for its community for decades. In 1914, Atherton Pisek and the Jan Hus community raised funds to open the Neighborhood House and in 1915, the church built its Neighborhood House to celebrate Czech culture: the folk music, the dance, marionette theatre, and music. Located on the easternmost portion of our building, the Neighborhood House was to be a cultural and social center for the Bohemian people, a place for art and music, job training, a dental clinic, clubs, athletics, language classes and more. While expanded beyond the Czech community, the Neighborhood House continues to promote music, theater, and culture.
Jan Hus Playhouse Theater.
The Jan Hus theater has presented and housed several art events and organizations. 
Articles.
"Second Chance for Star-Studded Theater" With a community-minded focus, drama in the basement of an East Side church, By Deirdre Donovan, Our Town, April 28, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="31189585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189585" title="N 10 ..">
N 10 ..

N 1O is a Classic Rock/folk-fusion band, based in Baharampur, India. They have played all over West Bengal, and have helped urbanize the fusion music of Bengal and have tried to make it popular.
Music style.
The band's style is mostly progressive fusion. Incorporating world, ambient and progressive fusion. The band is currently working towards incorporating a more soulful and lyric oriented style.
Musical Influences.
Pat Metheny, Pandit Bhimsen Joshi, Joni Mitchell, Basudev Baul, Ghulam Ali, Eric Johnson, U2, Steve Morse, Jimi Hendrix, Sting, Brian Eno, Joe Satriani, fossils etc.
History.
The band was formed in 2004–present, and started out playing at college festivals. Today, they have toured all over Bengal and have played at K N collegeand all major college festivals and stadium concerts. The band's music has been featured in numerous documentary films and commercials.

</doc>
<doc id="31189589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189589" title="Tobias Jänicke">
Tobias Jänicke

Tobias Jänicke (born 16 March 1989) is a German footballer who currently plays for SV Wehen Wiesbaden.

</doc>
<doc id="31189597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189597" title="Circuit du Mas du Clos">
Circuit du Mas du Clos

Circuit du Mas du Clos is a racing circuit in Mas du Clos, France.

</doc>
<doc id="31189598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189598" title="Distomo-Arachova-Antikyra">
Distomo-Arachova-Antikyra

Distomo-Arachova-Antikyra () is a municipality in the Boeotia regional unit, Central Greece, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Distomo.
Municipality.
The municipality Distomo–Arachova–Antikyra was formed at the 2011 local government reform, according to the programme Callicrates, by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities of Arachova and Distomo and from the former community Antikyra, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31189608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189608" title="The Only Way (1927 film)">
The Only Way (1927 film)

The Only Way is a 1927 British drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring John Martin Harvey, Madge Stuart and Betty Faire. It was adapted from the play "The Only Way" which was itself based on the novel "A Tale of Two Cities" by Charles Dickens. John Martin Harvey had been playing Carton in the play since 1899 and it was his most popular work. It cost £24,000 to make and was shot at Twickenham Studios. The film was a commercial success and reportedly took over £53,000 in its first two years on release. It was a particularly notable achievement given the collapse in British film production between the Slump of 1924 and the passage of the Cinematograph Films Act 1927 designed to support British film making.
Synopsis.
In 1770s France Doctor Manette is witness to the rape of a young woman Jeanne Defarge and the murder of her and brother Jacques by the power Marquis d'Evremonde. In order to silence Manette, d'Evremonde arranges to have him locked away in the infamous Bastille Prison where he remains for over a decade. Manette's young daughter is able to be spirited out of the country to England by her guardian the British banker Jarvis Lorry where she is brought up by Miss Pross. Ernest Defarge swears vengeance on d'Evremonde and will not rest until the entire family has been wiped out. 
Many years later Doctor Manette is released. His time in the Bastille has left him institutionalised and he initially finds it hard to adjust to life outside the prison. Jarvis Lorry and his now grown-up daughter Lucy come to Paris to escort him to England. On the journey back they encounter a young man named Charles Darnay, who is the son of Marquis d'Evremonde, fleeing France because his liberal views clash with those of his father. Darnay and Lucy soon fall in love, but their hopes of marriage are threatened when Darnay is arrested on his arrival in England for espionage and high treason as an alleged French spy. Darnay's accuser is the unscrupulous Barsad, who is himself in the pay of the French government.
Darnay's defence case is worked on by an dissolute Englishman, Sidney Carton, whose young idealism has given away to a self-loathing cynicism. Carton bears a striking resemblance to Darnay and uses this in court to discredit Barsad's evidence in court, by raising doubts over Barsad's claims that he clearly saw and heard Darnay talking treason. Darnay is acquired, and he plans to marry Lucy. Carton is befriended by Lucy, and developing an unrequited attachment for her he tries to mend his ways and give up his heavy drinking.
In France, the oppression of the poor finally drives them to breaking point and the French Revolution breaks out. d'Evremonde who has been particularly exploitative of his tenants, is murdered in his bed by Ernest Defarge and Charles Darnay inherits his title as Marquis. Desperate to get their hands on the new aristocrat, Defarge and his colleagues trick Darnay into returning to France to assist an old faithful family servant who is now in trouble. Darnay is arrested and accused of being both an aristocrat and a British spy. Carton has travelled to Paris with Lucy, Lorry and others to try and help Darnay. He pleads Darnay's case and points out how liberal his views are and how he hated his father. He adds by pointing out that Darnay had been accused of treason in Britain and was hated there, to discredit the accusation of espionage. 
Darnay is released, but Defarge is determined to wipe out the last of the d'Evremondes. He has Darnay re-arrested after producing an ancient letter written by Doctor Manette condemning all Evremondes and this shifts the court against Darnay who is sentenced to be executed by guillotine. Realising that Darnay is now facing almost certain death, Carton hatches an outlandish plan to switch places with him based on their facial similarities. He bribes his way into the prison, smuggles Darnay out, and takes his place in the condemned cell. In sparing Darnay's life, and securing Lucy's happiness, Carton is able to restore his long vanished sense of self-worth. The following day, while Lucy and Darnay escape safely from Paris, he goes to his death calmly and at peace with himself and the world
The film, like the play, adds a character named Mimi who is a young waif who is rescued by Carton and works in his house. She becomes devoted to him and elects to die on the guillotine with him after killing Ernest Defarge in self-defence.

</doc>
<doc id="31189621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189621" title="Isabelle Aboulker">
Isabelle Aboulker

Isabelle Aboulker is a French composer, particularly known for her operas and other vocal works. In 1999 she gained a prize from the Académie des Beaux-Arts and in 2000 the music prize of the Société des Auteurs et Compositeurs Dramatiques for her numerous lyric pieces.
Life and work.
Isabelle Aboulker was born on 23 October 1938 in the Parisian suburb of Boulogne-Billancourt. Her father was the Algerian-born film director and writer Marcel Aboulker and her maternal grandfather was the composer Henry Février. While following a course in composition and keyboard studies at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique in Paris, she started composing for the theatre, the cinema and television. She then worked for the Conservatoire as their chief accompanist and voice teacher and authored several educational works. In 1980 she turned to composing operas and subsequently many other vocal works.
Because of her work with children, Isabelle Aboulker made a particular speciality of composing pieces which would appeal to them or in which they could participate, as they do in "Les Fables Enchantées", based on the work of Jean de la Fontaine. Other subjects have included Beauty and the Beast, Cinderella and Tom Thumb ("Petit Poucet"). Among her work for adults are two operas based on plays by Eugène Ionesco and settings of poems by Guillevic and Charles Cros. In 1998 she was commissioned by the Orchestre de Picardie to write the oratorio "L’homme qui titubait dans la guerre" to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the ending of World War I and this was subsequently chosen to represent France when Weimar became European city of culture in 1999. To celebrate the second centenary of Honoré de Balzac’s birth that same year she was commissioned by the Grand Theatre in Tours to write the comic opera "Monsieur de Balzac fait son theatre".
The 2011 contemporary classical album Troika includes Isabelle Aboulker’s song cycle “Caprice étrange”, set to poems written in French by 19th century Russian poets Mikhail Lermontov, Aleksandr Pushkin and Fyodor Tyutchev. 

</doc>
<doc id="31189633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189633" title="Greg Packham">
Greg Packham

Greg Packham (born 1 March 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.
From Ballarat, Packham started his career at St Kilda in 1982 and kicked 24 goals from 12 appearances that year. He played just five further games for St Kilda and finished with an unusual statistic of having kicked at least one goal in every one of his 17 league games.
The red haired forward then returned to his original club Redan and in 1981 won the Henderson Medal, awarded to the best and fairest player in the Ballarat Football League. He was later named as a forward pocket in Redan's official "Team of the 20th Century".
He also tied for the Grogan Medal, with Coorparoo's Brendan McMullen, in the 1986 Queensland Australian Football League season with Kedron.

</doc>
<doc id="31189639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189639" title="Bazana">
Bazana

The Bazana (often called Vasana in older English sources) was a galley which was a part of the Spanish Armada of 1588. It played a minor and relatively unremarkable part in the campaign: whilst passing through the Bay of Biscay the fleet was hit by a tempest, forcing the four lightly built ships of the galley squadron to take shelter in French ports. One galley, the "Diana", ran aground in the harbour entrance at Bayonne, but the crew, including the galley slaves who rowed the ship, were rescued; the "Bazana" and the other two ships took around ten days to repair their storm damage, and subsequently returned to Spain.
The "Bazana" owes its fame to a highly fictitionalized account of its fate associated with David Gwynne, a Welsh prisoner who was forced to serve in the Armada as a galley slave. According to this version, the "Diana" sank with the loss of all hands when the squadron were still far from port, and the captain of the "Bazana" appealed to Gwynne's skill as a seaman in the hope that he could save the ship; Gwynne exploited the situation to get the slaves freed from their shackles, enabling them to kill the Spanish crew and seize the ship using homemade stilettos. Next, this version claims, another galley, the "Royal" (i.e. the "Capitana" or flagship), attempted to attack them, but Gwynne and the other freed slaves boarded the larger ship, massacred the second Spanish crew and sailed both ships to Bayonne. Gwynne's story was popularized as a propaganda in the Dutch Revolt, and came to be treated as fact by many English historians of the nineteenth century, inspiring Theodore Watts-Dunton in, "The Jubilee Greeting at Spithead to the Men of Greater Britain".
The reality was exposed in the 1880s by the Spanish naval historian "Capitan de Navio" Cesáreo Fernández Duro, who argued that Gwynn was even aboard the "Diana" rather than the "Bazana": he and some other English galley slaves simply absconded, or were allowed to depart, after the squadron reached harbour in France. Duro's findings were communicated to the English audience by Prof. Sir John Knox Laughton in 1894. Most detailed modern histories of the Armada campaign make a point of refuting the fictions.
A galley named "Bazana" subsequently participated in the Spanish victory in the Battle of Cornwall in 1595.

</doc>
<doc id="31189640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189640" title="Ernesto Domínguez">
Ernesto Domínguez

Ernesto Domínguez Hernández (born 9 March 1941 in Móra d'Ebre, Catalonia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="31189648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189648" title="Fujinuma Dam">
Fujinuma Dam

The , was an earth-fill embankment dam in Sukagawa City, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. It was established on the Ebana River, a tributary of the Abukuma River, west of the city office of Sukagawa City. Construction on the dam commenced in 1937 and it was completed in 1949 after construction was halted due to World War II. The dam's primary purpose was irrigation. It failed on 11 March 2011 after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake.
Failure.
On 11 March 2011, the dam failed 20 to 25 minutes after the Tōhoku earthquake as the nearly full reservoir overtopped the dam's crest. Locals reported hearing a loud burst before seeing a flood. The flood washed away five houses while damaging others, disabling a bridge and blocked roads with debris. Eight people were missing and four bodies were discovered after searches began at dawn.
On 12 March, 252 dams were inspected and seven dams were found to be damaged. Six embankment dams had shallow cracking on their crests and the reservoir at one concrete gravity dam had a slight slope failure. Four dams, including the Fujinuma, were inaccessible and could not be inspected. 
A preliminary survey of the dam and facilities conducted in April 2011 noted that the breach occurred at the tallest section of the dam. Within the dam's fill, there were layers of organic residual soil that in one area contained a tree stump. The residual soil was used as foundation and in layers as well — above alluvium. This suggests that the foundation for the dam was not prepared properly, according to the study. In addition, the reservoir's auxiliary dam suffered a severe slope failure on its upstream face while areas around the rim of the reservoir had mild slope failures or distress. It could not be confirmed whether the earthquake or a quick draining of the reservoir was the cause of this.
Design.
The dam was a tall and long embankment-type with a structural volume of and crest width of . About to the south, there is an auxiliary dam with a height of about and length of approximately . The auxiliary dam helped the reservoir maintain it designed levels given the topography wouldn't allow the single main dam to do so. The dam sat at the head of a drainage area and its reservoir had a capacity of . The reservoir had a surface area of . The dam was built by Shoji Kensetsu and operated by Ebana River Coastal Reclamation District.

</doc>
<doc id="31189659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189659" title="Rob Chapman (businessman)">
Rob Chapman (businessman)

Rob Chapman (born 1964) is a South Australian-born businessman, CEO of St George Bank and Chairman of the Adelaide Football Club.
Early years.
Chapman was born in 1964 at Mount Barker and educated at Sacred Heart College.
Career.
Chapman's early career was spent in the insurance and funds management industry, initially in Adelaide, then in Brisbane, Sydney and Melbourne before returning to Adelaide and taking executive roles in banking. He has held senior appointments at:
Adelaide Football Club.
Chapman was first appointed chairman of the board of directors of the Adelaide Football Club in December 2008 for 2009. He was reappointed chairman for 2010 and 2011.
Personal.
Chapman is married to Lisa. They have four children, two of whom are young adults, a teenage daughter, and a young son.

</doc>
<doc id="31189666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189666" title="Nelson Keys">
Nelson Keys

Nelson Keys (born 7 April 1886 in London, England, UK–died 26 April 1939 in London) was a British film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="31189667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189667" title="Héctor Sosa">
Héctor Sosa

Héctor Sosa (born 12 May 1979 in Areguá, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer who is currently a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="31189674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189674" title="Saudi Arabia at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
Saudi Arabia at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Saudi Arabia competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. This was the nation's tenth appearance at the Olympics, except the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, because of its partial support to the United States boycott.
The Saudi Arabian Olympic Committee sent the nation's largest delegation to the Games after the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. Saudi Arabia also made a historic Olympic record by having two female athletes in the team for the first time, along with seventeen men playing for five different sports. Six athletes had competed in Beijing, including discus thrower Sultan Mubarak Al-Dawoodi, who became the nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony. 
Saudi Arabia left London with only a bronze medal, won by the equestrian team members Ramzy Al Duhami, Abdullah Al Saud, Kamal Bahamdan, and Abdullah Sharbatly in show jumping.
Female participation.
In the previous games, Saudi Arabia had always sent exclusively male teams. Women's participation in sports is greatly restricted within the country, and Saudi Arabia does not permit women to compete in the Olympics. In June 2010, the International Olympic Committee said it would "press" Saudi Arabia (along with Qatar and Brunei) to "send female athletes to the 2012 Olympic Games for the first time". Anita DeFrantz, chair of the IOC's Women and Sports Commission, suggested that the country be barred from participating in the Olympics until it agrees to send women athletes to the Games. In July, Qatar announced that it would include women in its delegation to the 2012 Games, thus "increaspressure on Saudi Arabia" to do the same. The BBC remarked that "London 2012 may therefore see Saudi women Olympians for the first time. If not, it is conceivable the Kingdom may not be allowed to enter an all-male team".
Saudi Arabia did send one female competitor to the inaugural Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore in 2010. The International Olympic Committee had made it a requirement for every national delegation to include at least one female athlete. Dalma Rushdi Malhas, with her horse Flash Top Hat, took part in the individual jumping event in equestrian, and won a bronze medal, the country's only medal at those Games.
In November 2011, "Al Arabiya" reported that "Saudi Arabia plans to send a female equestrian team to the 2012 Summer Olympics in London to avoid being barred from taking part". Dalma Rushdi Malhas, it said, was likely to compete. I.O.C. spokeswoman Emmanuelle Moreau, however, indicated that the Committee "would not mandate that the Saudis have female representation in London", arguing that "the I.O.C. does not give ultimatums nor deadlines but rather believes that a lot can be achieved through dialogue". An unnamed senior sports official anonymously told Associated Press that sports authorities wished to develop women's participation in sports, but that they were "fighting deeply entrenched traditions". It was also confirmed that the Saudi national Olympic Committee would not prevent Malhas from competing at the London Games. More specifically, she would be permitted to compete if she were invited to the Games by the I.O.C., but Saudi Arabia would not be inviting her to do so itself. Instead, the country was preparing to select four male riders to send to the equestrian competition. (The sixth fundamental principle of Olympism as defined by the Olympic Charters states that "Any form of discrimination [...] on grounds of race, religion, politics, gender or otherwise is incompatible with belonging to the Olympic Movement." The fourth principle states that "The practice of sport is a human right. Every individual must have the possibility of practising sport, without discrimination of any kind". The seventh principle states that "Belonging to the Olympic Movement requires compliance with the Olympic Charter".)
In late June, 2012, the country announced that it would permit women's participation, and that its Olympic Committee would "oversee participation of women athletes who can qualify". At the time, Malhas was "the only Saudi female competitor at Olympic standard", making it likely that she would be the only woman Saudi participant in the Games. The BBC described the decision as "a huge step, overturning deep-rooted opposition from those opposed to any public role for women". It noted that the change had been "led by King Abdullah, who has long been pushing for women to play a more active role in Saudi society". Malhas, however, stated she would not be able to compete in London, due to an injury her horse had suffered, but hoped to do so in 2016.
The IOC announced in mid July 2012 that Saudi Arabia had entered two female athletes, Judoka Wojdan Ali Seraj Abdulrahim Shahrkhani and 800m-runner Sarah Attar, to participate in the 2012 Olympics.
Athletics.
Saudi athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):
Equestrian.
Jumping.
Saudi Arabia has qualified a team.
Judo.
Saudi Arabia has qualified 2 judoka.
Weightlifting.
Saudi Arabia has qualified the following quota places.

</doc>
<doc id="31189701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189701" title="Pierre Courteys">
Pierre Courteys

Pierre Courteys (d. 1602? ) was a French enamel painter, working in Limoges.
Life.
Courteys, one of the best enamel painters of Limoges, and an excellent designer and colourist, was probably a disciple of Pierre Reymond. The dates affixed to his works range from 1550 to 1568. In 1559 he executed twelve oval medallions with life-sized figures of the Virtues and the gods of Olympus, for the façade of the château of Madrid, built by Francis I and Henry II in the Bois de Boulogne in Paris. Nine of these are now in the Hôtel de Cluny, and three are in England. They are the largest enamels which have ever been made at Limoges. Courteys is thought to have died in 1602. Many of his works are in the Louvre. 

</doc>
<doc id="31189714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189714" title="Tanagra (disambiguation)">
Tanagra (disambiguation)

Tanagra is a municipality in central Greece.
Tanagra may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31189735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189735" title="The Mutations">
The Mutations

The Mutations is a low budget 1974 British science fiction/horror film directed by Jack Cardiff. The film was also released under the title, "The Freakmaker".
Plot.
A deranged genetic scientist abducts college students as human guinea pigs that he uses in his experiments in crossbreeding plants with humans. The failed experimental mutants are then given to a cruel circus freakshow owner who exploits them to the fullest. However, the mutants and the circus freaks will not be denied justice.

</doc>
<doc id="31189751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189751" title="Resolution of the Comintern on the Macedonian Question">
Resolution of the Comintern on the Macedonian Question

The resolution of the Comintern of January 11, 1934, was an official political document, in which for the first time, an authoritative international organization provided directions for recognizing of the existence of a separate Macedonian nation and Macedonian language. At that time there were a few ethnographers, who claimed that a separate Macedonian nation existed and among the majority of the Macedonian Slavs coexisted pro-Bulgarian ethnic sentiments and Macedonian regional identity.
In June 1931 the registrar of the Comintern Otto Kuusinen in his report on the national question to the Executive Committee, suggested that the main weakness of the Comintern was the insufficient appreciation of the national questions. Kuusinen called to discuss the national question in order to develop a new national program for each of the parties. Meanwhile, to the Balkan communist parties a directive was provided, for the gradual abandonment of the slogan of the Balkan Federation, highlighting in its foreground the ""right of the distinct peoples of self-determination to a full separation"". The reason for this political turning, was the rising of Nazism in Germany. Thus in 1932 a members of the Comintern sponsored IMRO (United), put for the first time the issue of the recognition of a separate Macedonian nation. This question was discussed among them, however, there was a split when Vasil Hadzhikimov and his group, refused to agree that the Macedonians are a separate people from the Bulgarians. Nevertheless the highest institutions of the Comintern were informed about this issue from Dino Kyosev who gave a lecture in Moscow in 1933 on the distinct Macedonian national consciousness.
As result in the autumn of 1933 the Macedonian Dimitar Vlahov - leader of the IMRO (United) and former Bulgarian diplomat, was summoned in Moscow and took part in a number of meetings. At one of them the Executive Committee ordered the leading cadres of the Balkan Secretariate, Valecki - a Pole, and Šmeral - a Czech, to draw up a special resolution on the issue. Because they had no concept of this problem, using Vlahov's help the resolution yet had been prepared. Vlahov claims, before the convening of the consultation the leadership had already its stand that the Macedonian nation exists. So on January 11, 1934, the Political Secretariat of the Executive Committee of the Comintern adopted its final decision on the Macedonian Question about the existence of a Macedonian nation. The basis of the new concept was the common view that the region of Macedonia is one of the pivots of future imperialist war and therefore the Comintern seeks an option to blunt the contradictions between the countries that possess it. This decision by the Comintern was the recognition of a separate Macedonian nation. According to Vlahov, that was precisely what happened in Moscow in 1934:
""I mentioned earlier that the Comintern itself wanted the Macedonian Question to be considered at one of the consultations of its executive committee. One day I was informed that the consultation would be held. And so it was. Before the convening of the consultation, the inner leadership of the committee had already reached its stand, including the question of Macedonian nation, and charged the Balkan Secretariat with the drafting of corresponding resolution... In the resolution, which we published in the Makedonsko Delo in 1934, it was concluded that the Macedonian nation exists"".
He also mentioned that the resolution had a hostile reception both from members of the Bulgarian Communist Party and of the IMRO (United), residing in Moskow. Vlahov himself was a member of both organizations and a Soviet spy, who declared himself until then as a Bulgarian. He accepted the decision without any personal reaction or substantive comment, that confirms he was operating in fact as a Communist agent. However, the Resolution didn't ever mention the ineffectual Vlahov led IMRO (United). The Resolution was published for the first time in the April issue of the IMRO (United) magazine "Makedonsko Delo". Following the decision of the Comintern, IMRO (United) took as its slogan ""the right of the Macedonian people to self-determination up to secession"" and formation of ""Macedonian Republic of working masses"". Despite the fact that this was formally a Resolution of IMRO (United), it was a document adopted by the Comintern, which was immediately published in all the mouthpieces of this international communist centre. Afterwards the mainstream Bulgarian public opinion has maintained that the Comintern is the "inventor" of the idea about the existence of a separate Macedonian nation.
Prior to the Second World War, this views on the Macedonian issue had been of little practical importance. During the War the macedonist ideas were further developed by the Yugoslav Communist Partisans, although some researchers doubt that even at that time the Macedonian Slavs identified themselves to be a nationality separate from the Bulgarians. After the Red Army entered the Balkans in the late 1944, new communist regimes came into power in Bulgaria and Yugoslavia and their policy on the Macedonian Question was committed to the Resolution of supporting the development of a distinct ethnic Macedonian identity. A separate Macedonian language also was codified in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="31189756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189756" title="Grand Coulee Dam (song)">
Grand Coulee Dam (song)

"Grand Coulee Dam" is an American folk song written in 1941 by Woody Guthrie, during a brief period when he was commissioned by the Bonneville Power Administration to write songs as part of a documentary film project about the dam and related projects. 
The song was part of the Columbia River Ballads, a set of 26 songs written by Guthrie as part of a commission by the BPA, the federal agency created to sell and distribute power from the river's federal hydroelectric facilities, in particular the Bonneville Dam and Grand Coulee Dam. On the recommendation of Alan Lomax, the BPA hired Guthrie to write a set of propaganda songs about the federal projects to gain support for federal regulation of hydroelectricity. 
Although the intended documentary film was never completed, Guthrie's songs were recorded in Portland, Oregon in May 1941. The tune for "Grand Coulee Dam" is based on that of the traditional song, "The Wabash Cannonball". Guthrie's recording was reissued on the Folkways album "Bound For Glory" in 1956, and subsequently on numerous compilations of Guthrie's songs.
The song was later recorded by British skiffle musician Lonnie Donegan, whose version entered the British pop charts in April 1958, rising to no.6 on the chart. Donegan was featured performing the song in the movie "Six-Five Special", a spin-off of the British TV show of the same name. One critic has written:"...remains arguable that, without recordings like [Donegan's version of Woody's "Grand Coulee Dam", later performers (perhaps even Dylan himself) might not have beaten their way to Guthrie's door."

</doc>
<doc id="31189759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189759" title="Eran Creevy">
Eran Creevy

Eran Creevy is a British director most famous for his film's "Shifty" (2009) and "Welcome to the Punch (2013) and several music videos.
Biography.
After assisting Matthew Vaughn and Woody Allen on the films Layer Cake and Scoop respectively, he began directing music videos for artists such as Asher D and Sway. It wasn't long before he directed his first commercial for Coca Cola's energy drink, Relentless. Since then he has continued to direct music videos including the worldwide hit "Destination Calabria" for Alex Gaudino, which went on to be one of the top 5 music videos in 2007. His Utah Saints promo won best dance promo at the UK Music Awards in 2008. His video for Sonny J, "Hands Free", also picked up several award nominations. His commercial credit list has grown to include further work for Relentless, Carlsberg, the Nike Plus campaign for W&K Amsterdam, the US Coastguard and commercials for the hit US television show "The Chase". All showcase Eran's deft ability to capture high energy and high production value. He wrote and directed his debut feature "Shifty" which was released nationwide in cinemas in 2009. Shifty was nominated for a BAFTA, 5 BIFAs and named as one of "Empire" magazine's best films of the year. His next feature film, action thriller "Welcome to the Punch", went into production in 2011 and was executive produced by Ridley Scott.
Filmography.
Films.
Feature films
Other credits

</doc>
<doc id="31189760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189760" title="John Evans (Pennsylvania governor)">
John Evans (Pennsylvania governor)

John Evans (born about 1678) was a colonial governor of Pennsylvania, 3 February 1704 through 1 February 1709. He was of Welsh origin, and in February 1704, became deputy governor of the province, under the proprietor, William Penn. He was not a Quaker, and was doubtless selected out of deference to the court party, who did not believe in the peace principles of that sect. His administration was marked by quarrels with the assembly, and especially with the speaker of the house, David Lloyd, who headed the popular party. Disregarding the convictions of the Quakers, Evans, for the first time in the history of the colony, made a public call for troops, with the desire of assisting the other colonies against the French and Indians. The call met with no response, whereupon the governor, resorting to a discreditable ruse, arranged to have a messenger ride into Philadelphia on the day of the annual fair, announcing, with apparent consternation, that the French had arrived in the Delaware and were marching on the city. Evans then rode through the street with drawn sword, entreating the people to arm, and for a time great excitement prevailed. Valuables were hastily thrown into wells, and many people fled to the forests; but the Quakers, on whom Evans had wished to make an impression, continued quietly at their devotions, as it was the day for their "weekly meeting." The governor also built a fort at Newcastle, and unlawfully demanded tribute of all vessels passing up the river. One of his tax enforcers was captured by a ship he had been trying to tax and carried off to the Jersey side of the river where a furious Lord Cornbury (who had charter rights to regulate commerce on the river) upbraided him, whereupon Evans gave up on his tax. Evans had a good deal of learning and refinement, but his habits were unsuited to the Quaker City. Watson, in his "Annals of Philadelphia," says that in 1702 "Solomon Cresson, going his round at night, entered a tavern to suppress a riotous assembly, and found there John Evans, Esq., the governor, who fell to beating Cresson." Evans was finally recalled in February 1709, and was succeeded by Colonel Charles Gookin.
On 28 August 1709, he married Rebecca Moore in Philadelphia. After surrendering his office to Gookin, he remained for a time in Philadelphia but at length retired to Denbigh, Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="31189761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189761" title="List of hotels in Tunisia">
List of hotels in Tunisia

A list of hotels in Tunisia:

</doc>
<doc id="31189778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189778" title="Glyphodes onychinalis">
Glyphodes onychinalis

Glyphodes onychinalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is native to the Afro-Asian Region, including India, Sri Lanka, Hong Kong, Thailand, Indonesia, Japan, Australia (the Northern Territory and Queensland) and New Zealand, but has been recorded in California since 2000.
The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have a striking brown and white pattern.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on jasmine, "Nerium oleander", "Gomphocarpus fruticosus" and probably also feed on other plants.

</doc>
<doc id="31189792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189792" title="1999 WABA Champions Cup">
1999 WABA Champions Cup

The WABA Champions Cup 1999 was the 2nd staging of the WABA Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of West Asia Basketball Association. The tournament was held in Amman, Jordan between April 12 and April 15. The winner qualify for the 1999 ABC Champions Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31189793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189793" title="Néstor Trecco">
Néstor Trecco

Néstor Nicolás Trecco (born 30 November 1988) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Universidad Católica as striker. He began his career at El Linqueño aged 19, then moving to Parque Patricios' side Huracán. In January 2011, Trecco signed for Primera División club Unión San Felipe and after a successful season with the club of Aconcagua, he joined to Cobreloa in June, being runner-up of the Clausura Tournament with Nelson Acosta. The next season, Trecco completed his move to successful club of Chile, Universidad Católica for an undisclosed fee.

</doc>
<doc id="31189810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189810" title="1992 Kashima Antlers season">
1992 Kashima Antlers season

1992 Kashima Antlers season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
In.
none
Out.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31189813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189813" title="Sport in Jhelum">
Sport in Jhelum

Cricket is very popular game in Pakistan including Jhelum. Main Cricket Stadium or District cricket stadium is named Zamir Jaffri Cricket Stadium where Regional and District lavel tournaments are held regularly. In October 2008, Pakistan Cricket Board has upraised this stadium for Regional events.
The city also boasts a golf course called the River-View Golf Club, where national golf tournaments are held regularly.
Besides the mainstream sports like cricket, hockey, and squash, a lot of other sports are also played in the rural areas around the city. These, which are equally popular, include tent pegging, volleyball, football, stone-lifting, and Kabaddi thousands of people flock to these local grand sporting events as keenly as the average sports fan anywhere in the world. 
Among all the sports, one of the most thrilling and adventurous is Tent Pegging, played in teams as well as solo. It is one of the most popular equestrian sports. The native Marwari and Kathiawari breeds excel in the sport and many breeders are actively attempting to reintroduce the breed and the sport into the mainstream.
Although there is a difference of opinion as to how and where it started, it is almost certain that tent-pegging is a sport of Asian origin. One source dates it use during the invasion of the Indus region by Alexander the Great in 326 B.C. which lends credence to the belief that the sport originated in the North Western provinces of the subcontinent in what is now Pakistan, This is where Alexander had entered India. The cavalry soldiers of Alexander were believed to have used tent-pegging as a battle tactic against the elephants in the army of the Indian King Porus, who in Jhelum fought bravely against the invaders, lost the battle, but by virtue of his heroic demeanor, charmed Alexander to return Porus his kingdom and make him his friend.
But most equestrian sports authorities are of the opinion that tent-pegging originated in these areas since ancient times in the battlefields as a tactic used by the horsed cavalry against elephant mounted troops. The soldiers discovered that the best way to make the elephants ineffective was to attack them on their toe nails with sharp spears from the back of a galloping horse. In order to perfect this technique, the cavalry started the practice of tent-pegging which eventually turned into the modern sport.
Regardless of its exact origin, tent-pegging is now a popular equestrian sport in many countries around the world. These days the rider uses either a lance or a sword and charges at a full gallop across the arena and attempts to pick up the wooden/cardboard pegs firmly wedged in the ground. This can be done individually or in a team.
Ancient vedic texts texts compiled over the period of early-to-mid 2nd to mid 1st millennium BCE describe the Jhelum area as being part of Kamboja kingdom, dominated by Hun or Gujjar or Gurjara warrior classes excelling at hand to hand combat, horsemanship and a mercenary attitude. The war horses of Kamboja were famous in the Mahabharata and prehistory. In the great battle fought on the fields of Kurukshetra, the fastest and powerful horses of the Huns in Kamboja were of greatest service. These horses are renowned since millennia for their bravery and courage in battle, as well as their loyalty to their riders. 
About 20 miles from Jhelum in January 1849 the Battle of Chillianwala against the British took place. The British although superior in numbers and weaponry were thoroughly defeated, It was the main reason why they later established Jhelum as a Garrison town.
When the Moguls ruled northern India in the early 16th century they used Turkoman horses to supplement the breeding of these local Marwari horses. During the late 16th century, the Moghul emperor Akbar, retained a cavalry force of 50,000 strong. It was believed that these local Marwari horses would only leave a battlefield under one of three conditions – victory, death, or carrying a wounded master to safety. The horses were trained to be extremely responsive in battlefield conditions, and were practised in complex riding maneuvers. When the British took over India it was essential that this ability was removed from the natives. Further, they enacted Criminal Tribes Act to prevent the established warriors from training and breeding these horses. They also passed laws preventing the native Gentry and Noblemen land owning rights, removing their ability to maintain or train cavalry. It was only 300 years later, during the First World War, Marwar lancers under Sir Pratap Singh assisted the British.
The horses thrived through centuries of political turmoil, until the arrival of the British decimated the breed in the first half of the 20th century. The British officers denigrated these local breeds as too undersized and hot tempered, importing shiploads of cheap Australian Whalers, thoroughbreds and polo ponies. They reduced the reputation of the Marwari to the point where even the genetically recessive trait of the breeds inward-turning ears were mocked as the "mark of a native horse". In reality the horses were cheap, hardy and extremely responsive in battlefield conditions, they were also well practised in complex riding maneuvers so an underlying threat to the British military. Consequently, thousands of Marwari were shot, sold off for cheap labor, castrated or indiscriminately cross bred.
Over time, instead of keeping Marwari horses, the local gentry bought expensive thoroughbreds or Australian mounts that were high maintenace and unsuited to battle training or the environment. Having surrendered their very raison d’etre, the regions former kings and nobles lost a fundamental part of their soul and left their heritage and traditions behind. In recent years popularity of Tent Pegging and horse dance has generated revival of the breed and sport in Jhelum as well as further afield in America and the UK. Despite the military refusing to acknowledge or embrace the breeds qualities, A few horses have held out at small local farms with some dedicated trainers and eventers reintroducing the essentially qualities that make this breed proficient in the battlefields and a joy to own and ride.
Besides tent pegging there is the sport of Bull racing or dhand melas. There is an established circuit of these melas that have been held annually for decades. It includes Kantrili Chakmal near Gujerat, Nathuwala, and Jada which is a suburb of Kala Gujran These events usually take place every year from February through to May. They include probably the largest assortment of prized bulls competing for honour and cash prizes. Not only do they perform their best but they do it in a gloriously stylish way. The grace of a highly trained pair of bulls without any persuasion or prompting from the owners in front of thousands of spectators is matchless ...everything is picture perfect. The keen competitive spirit at these events has been known to generate unlikely rivalries and alliances as the bulls are traded with an alarming increase of monetary values. The sport has had significantly positive impact on animal husbandry as well as regenerating ancient and forgotten farming techniques which given the nature of the land, the people and the environment are vitally important
The tent pegging event and dhand mela photographed for this article was held in Kantrili, a village some few kilometers away from Jhelum, there were around 200 riders and 25 equestrian clubs from all over the Punjab taking part. There are also around 70-100 pairs of bulls going through to the finals and three winners are usually declared. It is a source of immense pride and prestige for the owners of the animals and their handlers.
The events are usually lavishly sponsored by the UK based Pakistani diaspora and thousands of people come every year to see these events which take place over three days. Prizes usually including cash, cattle and motor cycles are given out to the winners.

</doc>
<doc id="31189814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189814" title="Bacho Kiro High School">
Bacho Kiro High School

Bacho Kiro High School is a secondary comprehensive school in the town of Pavlikeni in Bulgaria. The school provides education to many students in the whole municipality of Pavlikeni.
History.
In 1919 and 1920, an initiative led by Pencho Penev and Stoyan Stoyanov Uzunov took the first steps before the Regional school inspectorate in the city of Veliko Tarnovo to found a new modern school in Pavlikeni. The new school opened its doors in October, 1920 with two classes, which had a total of 63 students. The first principal was Mrs. Jordanka Nesheva. From November, 1920 Mr. Kr. Ivanov became principal. Over the next few years the school grew in size and popularity and the number of students increased.
From 1938 to 1945, the school was temporarily renamed to Princess Marie Louise.
From 1946 until today, the school is called "Bacho Kiro" after an important and famous revolutionary in Bulgarian history. Bacho Kiro was a local teacher, whose speeches and poetry revealed his patriotism and inspired people that they can achieve independence not only with weapons, but also through words.
In 2010, the school celebrated its 90th anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="31189815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189815" title="1992 Urawa Red Diamonds season">
1992 Urawa Red Diamonds season

1992 Urawa Red Diamonds season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
In.
none
Out.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31189816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189816" title="1992 JEF United Ichihara season">
1992 JEF United Ichihara season

1992 JEF United Ichihara season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
In.
none
Out.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31189820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189820" title="1992 Verdy Kawasaki season">
1992 Verdy Kawasaki season

1992 Verdy Kawasaki season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
In.
none
Out.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31189824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189824" title="2000 WABA Champions Cup">
2000 WABA Champions Cup

The WABA Champions Cup 2000 was the 3rd staging of the WABA Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of West Asia Basketball Association. The tournament was held in Damascus, Syria between May 2 and May 4. The winner qualify for the 2000 ABC Champions Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31189825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189825" title="SK Senco Doubravka">
SK Senco Doubravka

SK Senco Doubravka is a football club located in Pilsen, Czech Republic. The club plays in the Czech Fourth Division as of the 2012–13 season. The club was relegated from Divize A in the Czech Fourth Division at the end of the 2010–11 season, but won promotion back to the same division the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="31189828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189828" title="1992 Yokohama Marinos season">
1992 Yokohama Marinos season

1992 Yokohama Marinos season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
In.
none
Out.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31189830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189830" title="Toneheim Folk High School">
Toneheim Folk High School

Toneheim Folk High School () is a folk high school located in Hamar, Norway, which focuses on music.
During the 1994 Winter Olympics, it was part of the Hamar Olympic Subsite Village.

</doc>
<doc id="31189833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189833" title="1992 Yokohama Flügels season">
1992 Yokohama Flügels season

1992 Yokohama Flügels season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
In.
none
Out.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31189839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189839" title="Andamina Jeevitam">
Andamina Jeevitam

Andamina Jeevitam is a famous Telugu novel by Malladi Venkata Krishna Murthy.
This novel is about friendship between a man and a woman. The names of two characters in this novel are Shanthi and Priyatam.
History.
"Andamina Jeevitam" was written during the 1980s. Initially it was published as a serial in a magazine. Later it was published as a book. Final re-print of a revised version is released in the year 2010. In the 2011 same novel is released as e-book.

</doc>
<doc id="31189841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189841" title="1992 Shimizu S-Pulse season">
1992 Shimizu S-Pulse season

1992 Shimizu S-Pulse season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
In.
none
Out.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31189847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189847" title="1992 Nagoya Grampus Eight season">
1992 Nagoya Grampus Eight season

The 1992 Nagoya Grampus Eight season was the clubs first season as members of the J. League. Due to the transition period between the Japan Soccer League and the J. League no league games were played, however Nagoya Grampus Eight did take part in the newly founded J. League Cup and Emperor's Cup, reaching the First Round of the Emperor's Cup and the Semi-Final of the J. League Cup.
Transfers.
In:
Out:
, during the season

</doc>
<doc id="31189848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189848" title="List of ship launches in 1880">
List of ship launches in 1880

The list of ship launches in 1880 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="31189851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189851" title="The White Shadow (film)">
The White Shadow (film)

The White Shadow (1923), also known as White Shadows in the US, is a British drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Betty Compson, Clive Brook, and Henry Victor. 
Preservation status.
The film was long thought to be lost. In August 2011, the National Film Preservation Foundation announced that the first three reels of the six-reel picture had been found in the garden shed of Jack Murtagh in Hastings, New Zealand in 1989 and donated to the NFPF. One film can was mislabeled "Two Sisters," while the other simply stated "Unidentified American Film." Only later were they identified. 
The film was restored by Park Road Studios and is now in the New Zealand Film Archive.
Plot.
The plot concerns twin sisters, one good, the other evil.
Production.
The film is based on the novel "Children of Chance" by Michael Morton. Alfred Hitchcock collaborated with Cutts on the film. Cutts and Hitchcock made the film quickly, as they wanted to make use of Betty Compson, who had appeared in their hit "Woman to Woman", before she returned to the United States.
The film was made at the Gainsborough Pictures studio in Hoxton, London.
Writing about the film in 1969, producer Michael Balcon said:
"Engrossed in our first production ["Woman to Woman"], we had made no preparations for the second. Caught on the hop, we rushed into production with a story called "The White Shadow". It was as big a flop as "Woman to Woman" had been a success."

</doc>
<doc id="31189852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189852" title="1992 Gamba Osaka season">
1992 Gamba Osaka season

1992 Gamba Osaka season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
Out.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31189859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189859" title="1992 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season">
1992 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season

1992 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
Out.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31189870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189870" title="2001 WABA Champions Cup">
2001 WABA Champions Cup

The WABA Champions Cup 2001 was the 4th staging of the WABA Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of West Asia Basketball Association. The tournament was held in Damascus, Syria between May 14 and May 18. The winner qualify for the 2001 ABC Champions Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31189873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189873" title="Qatar at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
Qatar at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Qatar competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. This was the nation's eighth appearance at the Olympics.
Following the 2008 Summer Olympics, Qatar, along with Saudi Arabia and Brunei, was one of only three countries never have sent a female athlete to the Olympic Games. In 2010, however, the Qatar Olympic Committee announced that it "hoped to send up to four female athletes in shooting and fencing" to the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. In early 2012, it was reported that Qatari female swimmer Nada Arkaji and sprinter Noor Al-Malki had each received a wildcard invitation from the International Olympic Committee to compete at the Olympics. Qatar later announced, it would be including four female competitors in its delegation: Nada Arkaji, Noor Al-Malki, Bahiya Al-Hamad in rifle shooting; and Aya Majdi in table tennis. Bahiya Al-Hamad set the nation's historic record as the first Qatari female flag bearer at the opening ceremony.
This was Qatar's most successful Olympics after 12 years, winning a total of two Olympic medals. Skeet shooter Nasser Al-Attiyah, and high jumper Mutaz Essa Barshim both claimed bronze medals for the first time in their respective sporting events.
Athletics.
Qatari athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):
Shooting.
Qatar has ensured berths in the following events of shooting: 
Swimming.
Qatar has qualified one athlete and also gained an "Universality place" from the FINA.
Table tennis.
Qatar selected one female athlete by wild card.

</doc>
<doc id="31189874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189874" title="1993 Kashima Antlers season">
1993 Kashima Antlers season

1993 Kashima Antlers season
Review and events.
Kashima Antlers won J. League Suntory series (first stage).
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
In.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31189884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189884" title="1993 Urawa Red Diamonds season">
1993 Urawa Red Diamonds season

1993 Urawa Red Diamonds season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31189887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189887" title="Associated Students of the University of Hawaii">
Associated Students of the University of Hawaii

The Associated Students of the University of Hawai'i at Manoa (ASUH) is the undergraduate student government representing the 14,000+ full-time, classified, undergraduate students at the University of Hawai'i at Manoa. ASUH was chartered by the University of Hawai'i Board of Regents in 1912 and was originally named the Associated Students of the College of Hawai'i.
Background.
Budget.
The student government manages a stock portfolio currently worth around $6.7 million, of which up to 5 percent is withdrawn annually to fund the senate's yearly budget. The student government money originally came from the 1975 sale of the Honolulu Stadium, and has been managed by students since 1980 when ASUH received $836,000 from the sale to invest and create a fund for student projects.
Office.
The ASUH office is currently located in Campus Center 211. Before the construction of the Campus Center, the ASUH office was located in Hemenway Hall along with the University's cafeteria, mail room, and bookstore.
Structure.
ASUH is based on the parliamentary system and the executive and legislative branches are combined into one general assembly (the ASUH senate). The President and Vice president are popularly elected by the student body and the President presides over the senate. The President appoints committee chairs with the approval of the ASUH senate. The executive members of the senate consist of the President, Vice-President, Secretary, Treasurer, and the four Senator at Large positions. In addition to the executive officers, 30 senators representing various colleges of the university make up the senate. The number of senators per college varies on the population of the college, like the United States House of Representatives.
The Student Court, which is appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate, consists of 7 members. The Court has final jurisdiction in all matters pertaining to the ASUH Constitution and By-Laws and in all cases resulting from ASUH senate legislation.
Elections.
ASUH elections are held three times a year. The General Election takes place once a year during the Spring semester in April. During the General Election, all seats are open for election. Special Elections may take place during the Fall and Spring semesters to fill any vacancies that occur in the senate throughout the year. All senate members serve one year terms. Elections take place online at each University of Hawai'i students' MyUH account to ensure a fair election.
Standing Committees.
Current Standing Committees.
The senate currently has seven standing committees: the Campus Life committee, the Elections committee, the External Affairs committee, the Finance and Investments committee, the Internal Affairs Committee, and the Student Affairs committee. Each committee is overseen by a chair and vice-chair and each person on senate is required to be a member of two committees.
Former Standing Committees.
KTUH: 1966–1982.
KTUH, the student run radio station at the University of Hawai'i at Manoa, began as a standing committee of ASUH in 1966. KTUH was an AM closed circuit operation and reached the residence halls. ASUH oversaw the funding and operations of KTUH for its first three years. On September 28, 1967, ASUH passed a resolution asking UH President Thomas Hamilton to apply for an FM educational license. In December 1968, under the sponsorship of ASUH Senator Ken Kuniyuki, ASUH passed another resolution petitioning the Board of Regents to apply for an FM educational license. On January 8, 1969, the Board of Regents authorized the administration to file for a 10 watt FM radio station.
KTUH was issued its first educational FM license on September 29, 1969. The Speech-Communications Department obtained administrative control and line funding of KTUH after it became a FM station while ASUH continued to publish the station's program guides as a quasi-stipulation of the Board of Regents at the time of the transfer. In 1977, KTUH was overseen by the Director of the Bureau of Student Activities and developed as a student organization similar in design and intent to other previously chartered organizations. KTUH became a Chartered Student Organization on April 6, 1982, after a proposal was made to the Chancellor recommending that KTUH became a chartered organization. It was chartered under the organization name, Broadcast Communication Authority (BCA).
Board of Publications: 1966.
On June 11, 1966, the University of Hawai’i Board of Regents approved the reorganization and subsequent separation of the Board of Publications (BOP) from ASUH as a BOR Chartered Student Organization.
History of Advocacy and Legislation.
ASUH Student Shuttle Service: 1991.
The ASUH recognized that the lack of parking stalls on the UH Mānoa campus was a great concern to undergraduates. In order to alleviate the parking shortage, the ASUH supported the conception of an ASUH student shuttle pilot program in the fall of 1990. Upon refinement of this program, an ASUH student shuttle service—running between Mānoa valley and the campus—would be implemented in the Spring of 1991, free of charge to ASUH members. 
Full Funding for the University of Hawai‘i System: 1977.
In protest to proposed funding cuts made by the Governor and the State Legislature, the ASUH unanimously voted to express its support for full funding in order maintain the quality of education in the University System. The ASUH also gave its full support to “SAVE US,” an organization established by the students to rally the student constituency, faculty, and administration in this issue. Calling for the University community to publicly and strongly showcase their support, the ASUH asked the University community to participate in a week-long rally from February 28, 1997 to March 4, 1977, culminating in a march to the State Capitol at 11:00AM on Friday, March 4.
U-PASS Initiative: 2008 – present.
In order to help reduce traffic, combat the low availability of student parking, and decrease the cost of bus passes, issues which were affecting a large number of students, in 2008 ASUH proposed a mandatory $20 student fee that would grant all fee paying students a bus pass (U-PASS) for the entire semester. At that time, the U-PASS was an optional $100 per semester a student could choose to pay if they wanted a bus pass. Henry Cheng (97th senate), an ASUH senator who led the U-PASS initiative with ASUH Secretary Kiara Sakamoto (97th senate), said, "TheBus is hoping that the mandatory university wide U-Pass will encourage more students to ride the bus, which will help the company when it applies for federal funding."
The proposal had support from both students and public transit authorities. ASUH collected over 2,200 signatures from the student body supporting the U-PASS initiative, over 604 pieces of written testimony at UH Manoa libraries (77% in support), and over 1,500 online testimonies from an online U-PASS survey (90% in support). In addition, resolutions of support were passed by: the UH System Student Caucus, Sustainable Saunders, Manoa Neighborhood Board, McCully/Moili’ili Neighborhood Board, and the Honolulu City Council Committee on Transportation & Planning.
ASUH proposed the student fee to the University of Hawaii Board of Regents on March 20, 2009. The U-PASS initiative was approved unanimously with no reservations for a 2 year pilot program. The U-PASS program began in Spring 2010 and will conclude in Fall 2011. ASUH will need to meet with the Board of Regents again if they wish to continue the U-PASS pilot program as a permanent program.
24-hour Sinclair Library: 2006.
The project was a priority to more than 1,000 students who sent testimony to the Legislature in February asking for the funding to keep the library open longer, said Grant Teichman, president of the undergraduate student association at UH-Manoa.
Preservation of Alcohol Sales at Aloha Stadium: 2006.
In 2006, ASUH successfully led the effort against Lt. Gov. Duke Aiona in order to preserve alcohol sales at Aloha Stadium. The ASUH Senate voted unanimously to oppose the proposed alcohol ban in both the Aloha Stadium parking lot and seating areas. ASUH was the only major Hawaii organization to oppose the ban.
Grant Teichman, a junior at the university and president of the student association, said the ban would infringe on the rights of those who can legally drink."It's pretty clear across the nation that banning alcohol doesn't stop the problem," said Teichman, noting that the student association represents 13,000 undergraduate students, of which half are age 21 or older. "Let's pick the best solution and not the fastest one."
ESPN further reported,"It's really going to hurt the students who just want to go out there and have a good time," said Teichman, noting that 40 student senators representing all university programs have unanimously voted against the ban."It will dramatically affect tailgating, one of the few traditions that our students have," he said.
Honolulu High-Capacity Transit Corridor Project: 2006.
In 2006, ASUH began a high-profile advocacy initiative in support of the Honolulu High-Capacity Transit Corridor Project. ASUH first backed Honolulu Mayor Mufi Hannemann in his effort to obtain federal funding for a mass transit solution for the City and County of Honolulu. Mayor Hannemann later lost ASUH support after his decision to remove the University of Hawaii at Manoa campus from the proposed initial operating 21-mile segment of rail.
Frear Hall Renovation Financing and Student Housing Services Audit: 2005.
In 2005, ASUH worked in concert with University administrators in order to successfully advocate for $100 million in revenue bonds and $25 million general obligation bonds enacted by H.B. 19 and signed into law by Gov. Linda Lingle. ASUH organized a media blitz around the creation of a tent city on Bachman Lawn in order to demonstrate students would rather live in tents than the dilapidated student housing facilities.
ASUH also spearheaded a comprehensive management audit for University of Hawaii Student Housing Services enacted by S.C.R. 97 passed by the Hawaii State Legislature. The audit was then conducted by State Auditor Marion Higa. ASUH requested the audit after numerous reports of sexual harassment, embezzlement, waste, fraud, abuse and other illegal activities by student housing employees were reported.
UH Mascot: 1989.
In 1989, ASUH allocated $1,600 to create a new mascot. Bows-O the mascot was pink, gap-toothed, and wore a cartoon version of a football helmet. It made its debut at Aloha Stadium during the 1989 homecoming game. The crowd showered the mascot with debris, catcalls, and insults. ASUH called an emergency session and recalled its act three days later. Bows-O was not the official name of the mascot. Mark Takai (ASUH President '89), stated that ASUH "sponsored a contest to give it a name that coincided with the university's nickname, the Rainbows. But before we found a winner, everyone was calling it Bows-O and the name stuck, much to our embarrassment."
Vietnam War Protest: 1970s.
In May 1970, ASUH called for a week-long strike to protest the Vietnam War and America's bombing of Cambodia. The Leeward Community College student and faculty senates both voted to set aside May 11–16, 1970 as "a special week for consideration of U.S. involvement in Southeast Asia." About three thousand people attended a rally in Andrews Outdoor Theatre (now known as Andrew's Amphitheatre). Class attendance at Manoa was significantly lower during the days the protest was held. University of Hawai'i President Harlan Cleveland directed that no one be failed or given a lower grade for being on strike, since students "have the right to absent themselves on a matter of conscience."
ASUH Lecture Series: 1960s.
During the 1960s, ASUH sponsored visiting lectures at UH. Notable speakers include, Martin Luther King, Jr., James Farmer, Robert Simmons of the Louisiana White Citizens Council, Communist Party boss Gus Hall, and American Nazi fuhrer George Lincoln Rockwell. Martin Luther King, Jr. spoke at Andrew's Amphitheatre.
Hawai'i Statehood: 1946 – 1959.
Around 1946, ASUH began conducting a national letter-writing campaign advocating for statehood. Student delegates attended a mock convention two years later to draft a "model" state constitution. In March 1946, ASUH senator Ralph Toyota, who was chair of the now defunct Statehood committee, worked with ASUH senators Tom McCabe and Mary Matsumoto to produce a statehood brochure that was sent to all mainland colleges, asking students for their support in promoting statehood for Hawai'i.
ASUH senator Patsy Mink, the ASUH Statehood committee chair in January 1948, met with U.S. Senator Guy Cordon of Oregon to get support for statehood. In 1948, the statehood bill that remained stuck in a U.S. Senate committee failed to move to the full Senate. It took another decade before Hawai'i became the 50th state of the United States in 1959.
Building of Hemenway Hall: 1938.
Hemenway Hall, originally known as the Union building, was built in 1938. It consisted of a cafeteria, lounges, and offices for the student newspaper, the Ka Leo, and the ASUH office. ASUH and the student body contributed $12,000 while faculty, alumn, and the Women's Campus Club gave $10,000. The remaining $85,000 needed to construct the building was contributed by the regents. In 1940 the Union building was renamed after Charles Hemenway.

</doc>
<doc id="31189896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189896" title="1993 JEF United Ichihara season">
1993 JEF United Ichihara season

1993 JEF United Ichihara season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31189903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189903" title="1993 Verdy Kawasaki season">
1993 Verdy Kawasaki season

1993 Verdy Kawasaki season
Review and events.
Verdy Kawasaki won J. League NICOS series (second stage).
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31189908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189908" title="1993 Yokohama Marinos season">
1993 Yokohama Marinos season

1993 Yokohama Marinos season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31189920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189920" title="Affecto">
Affecto

Affecto Plc is a Finnish information technology company listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange.
Areas of business, subsidiaries, net sales, employees.
Affecto is one of the biggest providers of Business Intelligence (BI) and Enterprise Information Management (EIM) solutions in the Nordic countries. The company is headquartered in Helsinki and has subsidiaries in Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia and Poland. The company’s CEO is Mr. Pekka Eloholma.
In 2012, Affecto’s net sales were 133 MEUR and the number of employees is approx. 1100 as of 31.12.2012. Company’s market cap is 78.4 MEUR (19 Feb 2013). Kauppalehti
History.
Affecto's roots are in the IT departments of Finnish metal industry companies (e.g. Rosenlew, Rauma-Repola and Wärtsilä). These departments were demerged from their parent companies during the 1980s. These individual IT companies were merged by Enator group during the 1990s, and the company was part of the Enator group Ltd in the 1990s.
When the Enator Group merged with Tieto Ltd in 1999, the competition authorities gave permission for the merger only on the condition that the newly formed company sold Enator's Finnish operations, i.e. Enator Finland.
The acting management bought Enator Finland together with funds managed by Eqviteq and Fenno Management. The newly formed company was named Affecto Group Ltd.
In 2004 the company’s name was changed to Affecto-Genimap Group Ltd after Affecto bought all shares of Genimap, a Finnish Geographic Information Systems (GIS) company.
In November of the same year, the company expanded to the Baltics, buying the Lithuanian UAB Informacines Technologijos that was an IT service provider operating in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia.
The company was listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange at the end of May 2005, following an IPO.
Domasoft Ltd was purchased in December 2005 strengthening Affecto’s offering in document management solutions.
In September 2006, the company bought ZenPark Ltd. This purchase further expanded the BI solutions offering in Finland. The current CEO Pekka Eloholma also started in Affecto in 2006.
In December 2006, the company started its operations in other Nordic countries by buying the Swedish BI company Intellibis Ltd.
The name of the company was changed to Affecto Plc in 2007. The same year saw the expansion of operations to Norway and Denmark with the purchase of Norwegian Component Software Group.
Solutions.
Affecto’s range of solutions comprises four areas:
1. Information infrastructure
Information infrastructure solutions aim at the consolidation of information from different sources as well as its quality monitoring and improvement. At Affecto, this includes tailored solutions for handling data integration, data warehousing, data quality, Master Data Management and Information Lifecycle Management.
2. Information and performance management
Affecto’s information and performance management solutions provide reporting, analysis and performance management tools to assist in management and decision making. Reporting and analysis involve all operative processes, and performance management solutions support planning by providing a comprehensive, real-time overview of the business.
3. Collaborative decision making
With collaborative decision making solutions, organizations can involve staff members and invite members of external stakeholder groups, such as customers or partners, to discuss topics and address issues relevant to them. Affecto’s solutions in this field include intranet, extranet, and portal solutions as well as collaborative features in BI, document and case management solutions.
4. Business process optimization
Affecto’s applications for business process optimization include Enterprise Resource Planning solutions, management solutions for production and supply chains and different software services.
Affecto’s geographic information services and solutions are provided centrally in Finland by Karttakeskus, wholly owned subsidiary of Affecto. Karttakeskus produces enterprise IT and location intelligence solutions to private and public organizations and consumers alike.

</doc>
<doc id="31189921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189921" title="Glaucocharis chrysochyta">
Glaucocharis chrysochyta

Glaucocharis chrysochyta is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31189930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189930" title="Moises Gutierrez">
Moises Gutierrez

Moises Gutierrez (born July 20, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently a free agent.
Career.
Gutierrez spent four years in the Kamloops Blazers organization before having an eight game stint with Pittsburgh's ECHL affiliate, the Wheeling Nailers, in 2006. In eight games, he did not score but he did accumulate 14 penalty minutes. He would return to the WHL for the 2006–07 season with the Everett Silvertips, where he scored 35 goals, which was tops among all Silvertips players that season.
Since becoming professional, Gutierrez has spent most of his time in the ECHL. He played his first full professional season with the Texas Wildcatters and was briefly recalled by their parent club, the Houston Aeros, for six games during the 2007–08 season. Gutierrez would split the 2008–09 season with the Binghamton Senators and the Elmira Jackals. He was signed by the Alaska Aces on October 28, 2008, but only played one game with the organization before being waived. A week later, Gutierrez was claimed off waivers by the Johnstown Chiefs. After thirteen games with the Chiefs, Gutierrez was suspended by the team after Gutierrez left the team to play with Arboga IK, a third-level Division 1 team based in Arboga, Sweden.
Gutierrez was signed by the Las Vegas Wranglers on January 5, 2011. He played three games with the team before being released by the team on January 10, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31189943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189943" title="Erechthias chionodira">
Erechthias chionodira

Erechthias chionodira is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is known from New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31189950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189950" title="1993 Yokohama Flügels season">
1993 Yokohama Flügels season

1993 Yokohama Flügels season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31189969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189969" title="1993 Shimizu S-Pulse season">
1993 Shimizu S-Pulse season

1993 Shimizu S-Pulse season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31189971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189971" title="Ramiro Fergonzi">
Ramiro Fergonzi

Ramiro Fergonzi (born May 14, 1989 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine Association footballForward currently playing for Unión San Felipe of the Primera División in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31189982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189982" title="1993 Nagoya Grampus Eight season">
1993 Nagoya Grampus Eight season

1993 Nagoya Grampus Eight season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31189988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189988" title="Shiro Saigo">
Shiro Saigo

Biography.
Shiro Saigo was born in Feb 4, 1866 in Aizuwakamatsu, in the Fukushima Prefecture of Japan, the third son of a samurai, Shida Sadajiro. In 1882, Saigo moved to Tokyo and in August of that year, he enrolled at the Kōdōkan, becoming Jigoro Kano's second student. In 1883, along with Tsunejiro Tomita, he became one of the first two to be awarded yudansha rank in any martial art. Saigo was responsible for an early surge of popularity for Kodokan Judo, when he demonstrated its superiority by easily defeating a much larger opponent:
Saigō took part in the 1886 Tokyo Police tournament in which students of Kano demonstrated their superiority over the Yōshin-ryū jūjutsu. In 1890, Saigo left the Kōdōkan and retired to Nagasaki, devoting the rest of his life to Kyūdō.
The main character in Akira Kurosawa's 1943 directorial debut, Sugata Sanshirō, was based on Shiro Saigo, the film being based on the novel of the same name written by Tsunejiro Tomita's son, Tsuneo.
Four Guardians of the Kōdōkan.
When Jigoro Kano began to develop Judo from Jujutsu, his efforts met with opposition from Jujutsu practitioners. However, Kano drew a loyal following that included exceptional fighters. Hence the term "Four Guardians of the Kōdōkan" came into existence referring to Shiro Saigo along with Yamashita Yoshiaki, Yokoyama Sakujiro, and Tsunejiro Tomita.

</doc>
<doc id="31189990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31189990" title="That's Country">
That's Country

That's Country was a New Zealand country and western television variety show broadcast between 1976 and 1983 on TVNZ. The Show was hosted by Ray Columbus and featured local as well as international talent. Local talent included Ritchie Pickett, Peter Posa, Suzanne Prentice, Patsy Riggir and the Topp Twins. American artist Emmylou Harris and Dobie Gray also performed on the show.

</doc>
<doc id="31190037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190037" title="The Complete Recordings Nineteen Thirty-Nine">
The Complete Recordings Nineteen Thirty-Nine

The Complete Recordings Nineteen Thirty-Nine is a 1995 compilation album by Frank Sinatra, containing 21 songs he's recorded when he started his singing career in 1939 with Harry James.

</doc>
<doc id="31190040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190040" title="No One (Maja Keuc song)">
No One (Maja Keuc song)

"No One" is a song performed by Maja Keuc. The music was composed by Matjaž Vlašič, and the lyrics were written by Urša Vlašič. The song was the winner of the 2011 edition of EMA, where it was performed in Slovene as "Vanilija" (Vanilla), and later represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany in May 2011, where it was performed in English. Keuc has said that she decided to sing in English because it is more fluid than her native Slovenian.
Music video.
Slovenian this year's Eurovision representative Maja Keuc has recorded a video for the Eurovision song No one, accompanied by a dance group Maestro . The video, which was filmed in one day in the woods in Ljubljana zoo and was premiered on the show Spet doma on Saturday, 9 April 2011. Writer and director of the video is i3, director of photography and cameraman is Aleš Belak, Matej David Goljat was stylist, set designer was Greta Godnič, choreographer was Anže Škrube, editor was Urban Potočnik and the producer was Edo Brzin.

</doc>
<doc id="31190053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190053" title="1993 Gamba Osaka season">
1993 Gamba Osaka season

1993 Gamba Osaka season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190054" title="Cooperstown cocktail">
Cooperstown cocktail

The Cooperstown cocktail refers to a panel of four drug probes used in human pharmacokinetic studies to determine the activity of drug metabolising enzymes. The terminology 'cocktail' refers to the fact that the drug probes are given together.
The Cooperstown cocktail consists of four drugs that are considered specific substrates for four cytochrome P450 (CYP) isoforms. One of the drugs (caffeine) provides, through its metabolites, substrates for two additional enzymes (see next paragraph).
The drugs and the enzymes they probe are as follows - caffeine (probes CYP1A2, N-acetyltransferase 2, xanthine oxidase), midazolam (probes CYP3A), omeprazole (probes CYP2C19) and dextromethorphan (probes CYP2D6). After giving the cocktail, the concentrations of the drugs and their metabolites in plasma (for midazolam and omeprazole) and urine (for caffeine and dextromethorphan) are determined at various times. By analysing these concentrations, it is possible to determine the activity (i.e. the phenotype) of the relevant enzyme. Caffeine can be used as a probe for three different enzymes by measuring several of its urinary metabolites and comparing their relative concentrations.
The 'Cooperstown 5 + 1 cocktail', in addition to the four drug probes mentioned above, incorporates warfarin as well. Warfarin (actually the S-warfarin enantiomer) is a specific probe for CYP2C9. The '+ 1' refers to the vitamin K that is given together with the warfarin to prevent any anticoagulant effect.
The Cooperstown cocktail and the Cooperstown 5 + 1 cocktail are powerful tools for investigating the activity of important drug metabolising enzymes. They are used in human drug interaction studies in which the ability of a study drug to inhibit or induce cytochrome p450 enzymes is studied.

</doc>
<doc id="31190064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190064" title="1993 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season">
1993 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season

1993 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190074" title="The Cult (novel)">
The Cult (novel)

The Cult is a fiction book by Max Simon Ehrlich published in 1979 by Mayflower and was the tenth book by the author.
Plot.
Jeff was a loving son to Mr and Mrs Reed. But when he went to Ashtaroth, they lost him. He took a new name. He cursed his parents and spurned their love. Forever. for Jeff is now a member of The Cult. The Souls for Jesus, the brainchild of the Master, Buford Hodges, a tax-deductible, multi-million dollar industry feeding on the minds and bodies of the young and vulnerable. Only one man can redeem these lost souls. Only one man dares to take on the sinister forces of the Master. Only one man can help the Reeds. The man they call The Devil..
Characters.
Jeff Reed - The main character of the book, Renamed Simeon by the SFJ
Frank Reed - Father of Jeff
Kate Reed - Mother of Jeff
Ken Reed - Brother of Jeff
Cindy Hyland - Girlfriend of Jeff, renamed Athaliah by the SFJ
Joe - Surf Buddy of Jeff
John Morse - The Devil, Enemy of the SFJ
Buford Hodges - The Master of the SFJ
The Souls for Jesus (SFJ).
The SFJ is a cult believed to generate $20 million a year most of which seems to go directly to its charismatic leader Bufford Hodges who is known to its members as 'The Master' and seen as having direct communications with Jesus. The members of the SFJ inside their compounds (churches) wear monastic robes with varying colour of rope depending on the seniority of the member. There are several levels of member within the SFJ with The Master at the top then his advisers and deacons and deaconesses followed by normal members and new members who are known as Neophytes, Neophytes must undergo a process known as purification which can last anywhere from one month to three months, this period is designed to completely brainwash the neophytes and turn them against the outside world and embrace the master as a prophet of Jesus. Most Neophytes hand over their possessions and savings to the SFJ during purification, They are also fed a very basic diet and bombarded by brainwashing techniques and selected passages or quotes from the bible that support the needs of the SFJ. once a Neophyte has completed purification they may join what are called God Squads which go out into the street to sell a booklet called 'the sayings of the master' for $2. Between the profits from booklets, possessions of the neophytes and the donations brought in from his TV shows The Master has been able to buy a luxury yacht and stash several million dollars in numbered Swiss bank accounts. There have been numerous cases of Suicide of Neophyte members of the SFJ leading to desperate attempts by parents to remove their children from the hold of the SFJ. This is the Cult that John Morse must try to save Jeff from and return to his family.

</doc>
<doc id="31190075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190075" title="Geoffrey Francis Taylor Colby">
Geoffrey Francis Taylor Colby

Sir Geoffrey Francis Taylor Colby (1901–1958) was a British colonial administrator who was Governor of the protectorate of Nyasaland between 1948 and 1956. He fought unsuccessfully against creation of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland.
Birth and education.
Colby was born in 1901, son of a doctor, and was raised in Surrey, England.
He attended preparatory school at Bexhill-on-Sea between the ages of seven and thirteen, and in 1914 went on to Charterhouse, a school that taught the virtues of leadership, public service and keeping a cool head in emergencies. An excellent sportsman, he played both cricket and football for the school.
Colby retained a passion for cricket throughout his life. It was said that when Governor of Nyasaland he delayed a meeting of his executive council for half an hour so he could listen to the closing overs of a test match.
Colby won a scholarship to Clare College at the University of Cambridge, studying there from 1919 to 1922.
Early career.
After leaving university, Colby spent a year as an assistant master at his prep school, and a year working in a fellmongers factory at Galashiels. He then applied for an appointment in the Colonial Service, and was posted to Nigeria in 1925.
In Nigeria he was a District Officer in the Northern region. His duties involved lengthy tours on horseback in the hot, dry climate of the North to check on tax collection, the courts and public works. His health during this period was poor, and he always had a jaundiced appearance, perhaps in part due to poor diet.
When on leave in England in 1930, Colby was introduced to Lilian Florence Illingworth, then aged 25. They became engaged, and were married on 17 January 1931. He was unable to take his wife back with him to Nigeria, since his position did not allow for a wife, and it took a year before he obtained a suitable post in the Lands and Mines department in the Kaduna secretariat, where he was joined by Lilian.
Colby was posted to Kontagora in 1935 as District Officer, an isolated post. He was an energetic and efficient administrator, improving the roads and increasing crop production. 
In 1939 he became an Assistant Secretary in the Finance branch of the Lagos secretariat. He rose quickly through the ranks to be made an Administrative Secretary in 1945, in which role he acted as Chief Secretary and Governor's Deputy.
Governor of Nyasaland.
Colby was appointed Governor of Nyasaland, arriving there in March 1948.
He inherited an awkward problem of land allocation.
The BCA Company owned large areas of land, some densely populated, that could not be developed without evicting the tenants. Other estates were underdeveloped, while there was a shortage of land for the Africans. A Land Planning Committee recommended that the government acquire some of this land for use by Africans.
In November 1948, at Colby's recommendation, the composition of the Legislative Council was changed to include two African and one Asian "unofficials" and three officials.
Colby supported greater educational opportunities for Africans, but his influence was negative. He opposed compulsory attendance, as requested by the chiefs, and supported age limits for entry into school. The latter harmed girls, who would often delay entering school until a later age.
Colby accepted the position of Chief Scout of the Nyasaland Boy Scouts, and his wife became President of the Girl Guides, giving both these organizations a boost.
Colby was opposed to the creation of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland against the wish of African leaders such as James Frederick Sangala. 
He advised the Colonial Office to exclude Nyasaland from the planned federation, but his advice was ignored. The Conservative government pushed ahead with plans, deciding in a January 1953 conference that the federation would come into effect in August 1953.
When the federation was inaugurated there were riots in which eleven Africans were killed and many injured. For a period, the moderate influence of the Nyasaland African Congress was weakened.
In a letter to his successor, Robert Armitage, Colby said: "I advised originally against the inclusion of Nyasaland not because I objected so much to the idea of federation but rather because I was convinced that there was no goodwill towards us or understanding of our problem in Salisbury. I fear I have to say that this had been born out in practice. I do not believe that federation can succeed unless there is a complete change of heart in Salisbury - at present I can see no sign of this".
With federation a fait accompli, Colby said "Our job and primary object in the next few years must be to allay African fears ... and to convince the African population that Federation is in their best interests and indeed is in the interest of all communities in this territory".
Colby recommended giving Africans a greater say in government, including opening more civil service jobs to Africans who were qualified, and paying more attention to African leaders. He expected that Nyasaland would eventually become self-governing, but not for many years.
In July 1955, Colby announced a radical change in the structure of the legislative council to take effect after elections in 1956.
The new council would consist of eleven colonial officials and eleven elected representatives. Of the "unofficials", six would be European, elected by the European Voter's Roll, and five African, elected by the three Provincial Councils.
In January 1956, in one of his last communications as Governor, Colby pointed out to the Colonial Office the inequities of revenue distribution in the federation. He said that revenue from Nyasaland and Northern Rhodesia had been "devoted to bolstering a bankrupt and under-taxed Southern Rhodesia and the major part of the federal government's share of loan funds raised since federation has been spent or earmarked in Southern Rhodesia". He warned against creeping changes in federal policy on non-African agriculture, and warned that this could lead to "a dangerous security situation".
Colby told Armitage that his greatest problem would be the "conglomeration of smart alecks" at the Colonial Office.
Colby left Nyasaland in March 1956. He died in Manchester on 22 December 1958.
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31190078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190078" title="Jack Allister (Scottish footballer)">
Jack Allister (Scottish footballer)

Jack Allister (born 30 June 1927) is a former professional soccer player who played as a wing-half for Chelsea and Aberdeen.
Allister was born in Edinburgh and played youth football with Tranent before starting his professional career with Chelsea. After a year and only four games for Chelsea, he returned north and signed for Aberdeen in 1952, where he remained until 1958, when he joined Deveronvale
the Banff based Scottish Highland Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="31190082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190082" title="1994 Kashima Antlers season">
1994 Kashima Antlers season

1994 Kashima Antlers season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190085" title="John Grainger">
John Grainger

John Grainger (1830, Belfast– 1891) was an Irish cleric and antiquarian.
Grainger was educated at Belfast Academy and Trinity College, Dublin. After gaining a Doctorate of Divinity he became Rector of Broughshane, County Antrim. He was an indiscriminating collector, who filled his house with a mass of often unlabelled specimens including stuffed birds, shells, insects, coins, minerals, a dolmen, weapons from New Zealand, and archaeological finds.According to Robert Lloyd Praeger his collection of Irish stone tools was ‘’especially valuable as a study in the gentle art of forgery’’.
Works.
Partial list
He was a member of the Royal Irish Academy and of the Belfast Natural History and Philosophical Society and the Belfast Naturalists' Field Club.

</doc>
<doc id="31190091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190091" title="Lucas Giovini">
Lucas Giovini

Lucas Raúl Giovini Schiapino (born 13 October 1981) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Ñublense as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="31190096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190096" title="1994 Urawa Red Diamonds season">
1994 Urawa Red Diamonds season

1994 Urawa Red Diamonds season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190099" title="1994 JEF United Ichihara season">
1994 JEF United Ichihara season

1994 JEF United Ichihara season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190102" title="1994 Verdy Kawasaki season">
1994 Verdy Kawasaki season

1994 Verdy Kawasaki season
Review and events.
Verdy Kawasaki won J. League NICOS series (second stage).
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190103" title="Cathcart William Methven">
Cathcart William Methven

Cathcart William Methven (24 September 1849 Edinburgh – 30 August 1925 Pietermaritzburg) was Engineer-in-Chief at Greenock on the Clyde, and appointed in 1888 as Harbour Engineer in Durban. Besides being an architect and able musician, he was, unusually, a gifted landscape artist and produced many fine paintings of Natal scenery. He founded the Durban Art Gallery in 1892.
Methven was assistant harbour engineer at Greenock in Scotland and engineer-in-chief of its Harbour Trust for some 18 years. Aa a prominent Victorian engineer, he became a member of the Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE). When appointed Durban's harbour engineer in 1888, his orders were to remove a sandbar obstructing shipping at the harbour entrance, forcing passengers and cargo to be moved by lighter. Methven's plans to get rid of the bar by extending the North Pier and using the scouring action of tidal currents, brought him into conflict with a prominent lawyer, Attorney General and politician, Harry Escombe, who wanted to rely on dredging alone. Consequently Methven was dismissed on 11 July 1894. This led to a tremendous uproar ending in Escombe's resignation. Much later, in 1918, the South African government granted him £500 in recognition of his services with development of the harbour. His other recommendation that the Umhlatuzi Lagoon be developed as a second harbour for Natal, was also followed in the 1970s and is now known as Richards Bay.
Not content to remain idle, Methven started his own successful business as consulting civil and marine engineer, architect and surveyor on 13 December 1895. He undertook to survey all harbours on the south-east and southern coastline, ranging from Port St Johns (1897) to Port Alfred, Kalk Bay and Mossel Bay (1901), Richards Bay and Cape Town (1902), East London (1901 and 1910), Maputo (1909/10) and Beira and Port Elizabeth (1911). Methven was also President of the Natal Institute of Architects (1905–1908) and a Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects (FRIBA).
Methven practiced as architect and was one of the founder members of the Natal Institute of Architects. He was an enthusiastic trout fisherman and an accomplished musician.
His involvement in the art world led to his being President of the "Natal Society of Artists" in 1908, 1912 and 1915. He drew up specifications for the building of the organs in the Durban and Pietermaritzburg Town Halls, and edited "A Century of Progress, 1824–1924" published in Pietermaritzburg. Methven's first solo exhibition took place in Johannesburg in 1921. His work may be seen in the Africana Museum, Durban Art Gallery, Local History Museums, Tatham Art Gallery and the Killie Campbell Collections.

</doc>
<doc id="31190110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190110" title="1994 Yokohama Marinos season">
1994 Yokohama Marinos season

1994 Yokohama Marinos season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190115" title="1994 Yokohama Flügels season">
1994 Yokohama Flügels season

1994 Yokohama Flügels season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
In.
none
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190121" title="1994 Bellmare Hiratsuka season">
1994 Bellmare Hiratsuka season

1994 Bellmare Hiratsuka season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out: no data

</doc>
<doc id="31190123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190123" title="Love Your Abuser Remixed">
Love Your Abuser Remixed

Love Your Abuser Remixed is a 2008 album featuring remixes of tracks that were originally on the Lymbyc Systym album, "Love Your Abuser".

</doc>
<doc id="31190133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190133" title="Neumichtis nigerrima">
Neumichtis nigerrima

The Black Noctuid ("Neumichtis nigerrima") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria and Western Australia.
The wingspan is about 40 mm. The forewings vary from dark brown to black. On the paler specimens, a pattern of light and dark brown may be discernible. The hindwings are pale with wide black borders.
Larvae have been recorded as feeding on "Saccharum", "Solanum tuberosum", "Beta vulgaris", "Brassica rapa", "Trifolium", "Petrorhagia" and "Mentha". Young larvae are green with pale stripes. In later instars, the stripes are replaced by speckles with two bright yellow spots on the last abdominal segment.

</doc>
<doc id="31190134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190134" title="Ghost (Devin Townsend Project album)">
Ghost (Devin Townsend Project album)

Ghost is the fourteenth studio album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend, and the fourth of five albums in the Devin Townsend Project series. It was released on June 20, 2011. Townsend has stated that the album "is the mellowest (by far) and prettiest record I've done so far".
"Ghost" was performed in its entirety once, on November 13, 2011, at the Union Chapel in London, England. The performance was filmed and recorded for the "By a Thread – Live in London 2011" CD/DVD box set, along with performances of the other 3 Devin Townsend Project albums.
The song "Drench", a leftover slated to appear on a second volume of "Ghost", was shared by Townsend on his official SoundCloud account. Later, Mackie Gear posted the leftover track "Fall" on SoundCloud.
Reception.
The album was well received by "Metal Hammer", who said, ""Ghost" could be the most convincing album of his career".
"Ghost 2".
"Ghost 2" was originally to be released in September 2011. "Ghost" was originally to be a double album, but ended up being a released as a single disc. "Ghost 2" would have included tracks that weren't released on "Ghost". Devin Townsend has stated that these tracks were "too dark" and "heavier" then the rest of "Ghost", which didn't fit the vibe of "Ghost". On August 22, 2012, Townsend officially cancelled "Ghost 2", saying, "I tried to finish "Ghost 2" the other day, but it's not solid enough. Doesn't engage. Going to use the best bits and art for elements of "Z²"." Some of these songs were eventually released on the bonus disc included with "Casualties of Cool".

</doc>
<doc id="31190147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190147" title="1994 Shimizu S-Pulse season">
1994 Shimizu S-Pulse season

1994 Shimizu S-Pulse season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190151" title="Matthijs Huizing">
Matthijs Huizing

Matthijs Egbert Huizing (born October 10, 1960 in Leiden) is a Dutch politician and former (sports) manager. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he was a MP since October 26, 2010 until December 6, 2013. He left after he had been recently arrested for driving under the influence. He focused on matters of supervisors, accountancy, social security, aviation, ship transport, inland navigation and harbors.
From 1980 to 1984 he was a member and also VVD fraction leader of the municipal council of the ward Kralingen-Crooswijk and from 2002 to 2008 and also till 2007 VVD fraction leader of the municipal council of Oegstgeest.
Huizing studied economics (BA) as well as administration of business (MA) at Erasmus University Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="31190169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190169" title="1994 Júbilo Iwata season">
1994 Júbilo Iwata season

1994 Júbilo Iwata season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out: no data
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190176" title="1994 Nagoya Grampus Eight season">
1994 Nagoya Grampus Eight season

1994 Nagoya Grampus Eight season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190177" title="Alejandro Risso">
Alejandro Risso

Claudio Alejandro Risso (born 16 March 1988) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera B side Deportes Puerto Montt as striker.

</doc>
<doc id="31190180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190180" title="Thunderstone (card game)">
Thunderstone (card game)

Thunderstone is a fantasy deck-building card game designed by Mike Elliott, with artwork by Jason Engle. It published by Alderac Entertainment Group in 2009. Each card has dimensions of 6.3cm x 8.8cm. In the advanced sets, each set comes with a few Thunderstone Bearers that act as bosses of the game. It has been translated in several languages.
Gameplay involves building a deck of adventurers and equipment to defeat monsters. Each turn players must decide whether to visit the Village (to purchase cards, upgrade heroes and other actions), or if they will face a monster in the current dungeon (using the heroes and equipment in their hand). Defeated monsters are added to a player's deck as well, where they may contribute money and/or other bonuses when in hand.
Reception.
BoardGameGeek recently rated Thunderstone a 7.34 out of 10, garnering it a thematic rank of 33 out of over 500 "thematic" board games.

</doc>
<doc id="31190181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190181" title="1994 Gamba Osaka season">
1994 Gamba Osaka season

1994 Gamba Osaka season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Transfers during the season.
In.
none
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190185" title="Carnival (1921 film)">
Carnival (1921 film)

Carnival is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Harley Knoles and starring Matheson Lang, Ivor Novello and Hilda Bayley. During a production of Shakespeare's "Othello" in Venice an Italian actor suspects his wife of having an affair and plans to murder her on stage. It was based on a stage play of the year before of which Matheson Lang was one of the writers. The film was a popular success, and was re-released the following year. It was remade as a sound film "Carnival" in 1931 directed by Herbert Wilcox.

</doc>
<doc id="31190198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190198" title="1994 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season">
1994 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season

1994 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season
Review and events.
Sanfrecce Hiroshima won J. League Suntory series (first stage).
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190208" title="List of Olympic venues in water polo">
List of Olympic venues in water polo

For the Summer Olympics, there are 34 venues that have been or will be used for water polo. Debutting in 1900, the first venues took place similar to that of the swimming events. By the 1908 Games, the first water polo venue not located on a river or a lake took place. It was not until the 1920 Games that a separate venue was created for the aquatic venues. 1948 was the first Olympics in water polo took place both indoor and in more than one venue. The first separate water polo venue that was not connected to other aquatic venues was at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="31190217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190217" title="1995 Kashima Antlers season">
1995 Kashima Antlers season

1995 Kashima Antlers season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190226" title="Khanapur, Adilabad">
Khanapur, Adilabad

Khanapur is a Village and Mandal in Adilabad district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Geography.
Khanapur is located at . It has an average elevation of 229 meters (754 feet). located on the banks of river godavari.
Khanapur has a leisure place called Sadarmat which is small reservoir. This will be a picnic place during summer & winter time. Khanapur can be reached by 34 km west from Nirmal (NH7).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Khanapur mandal is as follows:
Khanapur village has a population of 1,806 in 2001.
Villages.
The villages in Khanapur mandal includes: Badankurthy, Bavapur,Beernandi, Dilawarpur, Ervachintal,Khanapur, Mandapalle,
Maskapur, Paspula, Pathayellapur, Pembi, Rajura, Sathanapale, Shetpalli, Surjapur, Tarlapad and Venkampochampad,bavapur(R)
River.
godavari river(ganga),pedda kaluva
References.
bavapur(r)

</doc>
<doc id="31190229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190229" title="Jonathan Domínguez">
Jonathan Domínguez

Jonathan Domínguez (born December 14, 1990 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer playing for Deportes Concepción of the Primera División B in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31190235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190235" title="Regency Hotel">
Regency Hotel

Regency Hotel may refer to many hotels:

</doc>
<doc id="31190237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190237" title="List of bids for the Summer Olympics">
List of bids for the Summer Olympics

The Summer Olympics are the world's largest multi-sport event, and are organized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) every four years. Selection of the host city is done at an IOC Session four to seven years prior to the tournament, in which the IOC members vote between candidate cities which have submitted bids. As of the selection of the 2016 Olympics, 28 games have been held in 22 cities in 19 countries. Bids have been made by 64 cities in 34 countries.
The bid process consists of two rounds. First, cities and national Olympic committees (NOCs) may show their interest and submit a preliminary bid, becoming applicant cities. Through analysis of the questionnaires, the IOC gave a weighted-average score to each city based on the scores obtained in each of the questionnaire's eleven themes: political and social support, general infrastructure, sports venues, Olympic Village, environment, accommodation, transport, security, past experience, finance, and legacy. IOC's Executive Committee then selects a short-list of candidate cities. The candidate cities are investigated by the IOC Evaluation Committee, who make an evaluation report. These submit a more extensive bid book and are subject to additional evaluation, which is presented to the IOC members. Voting occurs as an exhaustive ballot, which may occur through multiple rounds until a single city holds a majority of the votes. IOC members from a candidate NOC may not vote in any round while their country remains in the election.
The first three games were not subject to bids; the first IOC Session, in 1894, awarded the first games to Athens (1896) and Paris (1900), respectively. The 1904 Olympics were initially awarded to Chicago, but then moved to St. Louis to be co-located with the World Fair. A system with bids was introduced ahead of the 1908 Olympics, and were awarded to Rome. After the 1906 eruption of Mount Vesuvius, Italy returned the games to IOC, which awarded them to London. The 1916 Olympics were awarded to Berlin, but canceled due to the First World War. The 1940 Olympics were originally awarded to Tokyo, but after the 1938 break-out of the Second Sino-Japanese War, they were returned to the IOC, who awarded them to Helsinki. The games, and the 1944 Olympics awarded to London, were ultimately canceled due to the Second World War. The 1956 Olympics were awarded to Melbourne, but Australian horse quarantine rules forced the equestrian events to be held in Stockholm. Three times there have been only a single bid, Stockholm in 1912, and Los Angeles in 1932 and 1984. Starting with the 2004 Olympics, only the highest-rated cities are short-listed for the final IOC vote.
London will have hosted three games in 2012, while Athens, Los Angeles and Paris have hosted two games. London, Antwerp, Munich and Sydney are the only cities to never have failed at winning a bid. St. Louis is the only city to have hosted the games without submitting a bid. Helsinki, Minneapolis, Montreal and Munich have bid for both Summer and Winter Olympics; all but Minneapolis have succeeded at winning Summer bids, but none have held Winter Olympics. Detroit is the most unsuccessful city, having failed seven times. Los Angeles has made the most bids, succeeding twice and failing six times. Amsterdam, Budapest and Lausanne have all failed five times. The United States has made the most bids, having bid for 19 games, including all games from 1944 through 1984.
By year.
The following is a list of bids for the Summer Olympics, sorted by year. It consists of the year the games were held or scheduled to be held, the date the decision was made, the city and country which issued the bid, the votes at the IOC Session for each voting round, and the ultimate host of the games. The bid listed first for each games is the one selected by the IOC, whether or not it ultimately hosted the games.
By city.
The following is a list of bids submitted by city. It lists the national Olympic committee, the city, and the games for which failed and successful bid were submitted. A parenthesis indicates that the city was awarded the games without a bidding process. A dagger () indicates that the city was awarded the games, but that they were ultimately not held in the city, either because the games were canceled or moved. An asterix (*) indicates that the bid was not shortlisted.
By country.
The following is a list of bids submitted by national Olympic committee, listing the country and years it bid. Only countries which submitted bids with multiple cities are included. Successful bids are in boldface. A parenthesis indicates that the city was awarded the games without a bidding process. A dagger () indicates that the city was awarded the games, but that they were ultimately not held in the city, either because the games were canceled or moved.

</doc>
<doc id="31190239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190239" title="1995 Urawa Red Diamonds season">
1995 Urawa Red Diamonds season

1995 Urawa Red Diamonds season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190247" title="Merv Dihm">
Merv Dihm

Mervyn "Merv" Dihm (born 16 September 1933) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
While serving at naval air station as a naval rating in 1953, Dihm was arrested and charged with assault. It was alleged that he assaulted a navy personnel's wife with a block of wood, after breaking into her room. He pleaded guilty and argued that he had been under the influence of benzedrine and couldn't remember the incident. The court found him guilty and he served a short jail sentence.
Dihm played just eight games for St Kilda, all in the 1955 VFL season, but made a name for himself in Queensland football. He was the joint winner of the 1960 Grogan Medal, while playing with Morningside.

</doc>
<doc id="31190257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190257" title="1995 JEF United Ichihara season">
1995 JEF United Ichihara season

1995 JEF United Ichihara season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190261" title="1995 Kashiwa Reysol season">
1995 Kashiwa Reysol season

1995 Kashiwa Reysol season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out: no data
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190266" title="1995 Verdy Kawasaki season">
1995 Verdy Kawasaki season

1995 Verdy Kawasaki season
Review and events.
Verdy Kawasaki won J. League NICOS series (second stage).
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190269" title="1995 Yokohama Marinos season">
1995 Yokohama Marinos season

1995 Yokohama Marinos season
Review and events.
Yokohama Marinos won J. League Suntory series (first stage).
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190270" title="Oleksiy Yakymenko">
Oleksiy Yakymenko

Oleksiy Volodymyrovych Yakymenko (; born 22 October 1974, in Odessa, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football midfielder. 
He played for Krystal Kherson, Vorskla Poltava, Torpedo Zaporizhya, Tavriya Kherson, SC Mykolaiv, Gazovik-Gazprom Izhevsk, Levski Sofia, Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih, Frunzenets-Liha-99 Sumy, Stal Alchevsk, Zorya Luhansk and Ihroservice Simferopol.
Honours.
champion: 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="31190272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190272" title="1995 Yokohama Flügels season">
1995 Yokohama Flügels season

1995 Yokohama Flügels season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190275" title="1995 Bellmare Hiratsuka season">
1995 Bellmare Hiratsuka season

1995 Bellmare Hiratsuka season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190282" title="The Sea Urchin (1926 film)">
The Sea Urchin (1926 film)

The Sea Urchin is a 1926 British drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Betty Balfour, George Hackathorne and W. Cronin Wilson. It was made at Gainsborough Studios with Michael Balcon as producer.

</doc>
<doc id="31190283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190283" title="1995 Shimizu S-Pulse season">
1995 Shimizu S-Pulse season

1995 Shimizu S-Pulse season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190285" title="1995 Júbilo Iwata season">
1995 Júbilo Iwata season

1995 Júbilo Iwata season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190286" title="1995 Nagoya Grampus Eight season">
1995 Nagoya Grampus Eight season

1995 Nagoya Grampus Eight season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190289" title="ABCdb">
ABCdb

ABCdb is a biological database for the ATP-binding Cassette (ABC) transporters encoded by completely sequenced archaeal and (eu)bacterial genomes. These proteins are important for transporting substances into cells and are found in all living organisms.
biological function of ABC systems.
Most ABC systems function in the transport of a compound across a membrane into the cell (importer) or to the exterior (exporter), for which the system generates energy by the hydrolysis of adenosine triphosphate (ATP).
The ABC transporters occur in all living organisms. 
An ABC transporter system consist minimally of two components: an ATP binding cassette (ABC) and a TransMembrane domain (TMD) or Membrane Spanning Domain (MSD).
These are usually separate proteins or can occur as protein domains. A typical ABC transporter is composed of 
two Nucleotide Binding Domains (NBD) that energize transport via ATP hydrolysis and of two Membrane Spanning Domains (MSD) that act as a membrane channel for the substrate.
Importers require a Solute Binding Protein (SBP) that recognizes and binds the substrate.
The different partners of an ABC system are generally encoded by neighboring genes.
Features.
The ABC proteins form a superfamily encoded by large families of paralogous genes. 
Sequence analysis shows that members of the ABC superfamily may have diverged from common ancestral forms and permits
to organize ABC proteins into sub-families. 
The classification of ABC systems into (sub-)families can help to predict which substrates may be transported by the system.
ABCdb is a public resource, from which one can:

</doc>
<doc id="31190295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190295" title="Thomas Dacres (younger)">
Thomas Dacres (younger)

Thomas Dacres (1609–1668) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1646 to 1648.
Dacres was the son of Sir Thomas Dacres of Cheston, Hertfordshire. He matriculated at Exeter College, Oxford on 16 October 1629 aged 20 and was awarded MA on 12 November 1629 when he was "about to go with his Majesty's ambassador into foreign parts" He was at Lincoln's Inn in 1631. In 1632 he was awarded MA at Cambridge University.
In 1646, Dacres was elected Member of Parliament for Callington in the Long Parliament. He sat until he was excluded under Pride's Purge in 1648.
Dacres was knighted in 1660. He died in 1668.

</doc>
<doc id="31190300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190300" title="1995 Cerezo Osaka season">
1995 Cerezo Osaka season

1995 Cerezo Osaka season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out: no data

</doc>
<doc id="31190302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190302" title="1995 Gamba Osaka season">
1995 Gamba Osaka season

1995 Gamba Osaka season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190316" title="Jorge Ampuero">
Jorge Ampuero

Jorge Enrique Ampuero Cabello (born April 17, 1987 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for Unión Española of the Primera Division in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31190318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190318" title="1995 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season">
1995 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season

1995 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season
Review and events.
League results by round.
J. League Suntory series (first stage)
J. League NICOS series (second stage)
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190323" title="1996 Kashima Antlers season">
1996 Kashima Antlers season

1996 Kashima Antlers season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190327" title="1996 Urawa Red Diamonds season">
1996 Urawa Red Diamonds season

1996 Urawa Red Diamonds season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190331" title="Known error">
Known error

Known error is a term to refer to software bugs which have yet to be fixed but have a known root cause and either have little disruptive impact on the end user or a known work around.
Tested systems are often described as "free from known error" in recognition that complex systems cannot be proven to be error free.
In IT Operations known errors may be logged in a system's Known Error Database (KEDB) which is then used to prioritize changes and to develop customer support reference information where a work around exists.

</doc>
<doc id="31190332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190332" title="1996 JEF United Ichihara season">
1996 JEF United Ichihara season

1996 JEF United Ichihara season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190338" title="1996 Kashiwa Reysol season">
1996 Kashiwa Reysol season

1996 Kashiwa Reysol season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190343" title="1996 Verdy Kawasaki season">
1996 Verdy Kawasaki season

1996 Verdy Kawasaki season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190344" title="2011 R League">
2011 R League

The 2011 R League is reserve league of 2011 K-League. 2011 season was held from March 10 to October 13. In this season, Police FC and all K League club's reserves participate the league, except newly formed Gwangju FC. Each team will be played 21 games in home and away.

</doc>
<doc id="31190347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190347" title="1996 Yokohama Marinos season">
1996 Yokohama Marinos season

1996 Yokohama Marinos season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190386" title="Nicolás Suárez (footballer)">
Nicolás Suárez (footballer)

Víctor Nicolás Suárez Céspedes (born 20 May 1982) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Palestino as centre back.

</doc>
<doc id="31190387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190387" title="Tosham (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Tosham (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Tosham Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 90 Vidhan Sabha constituencies in Haryana state in northern India.
Overview.
Tosham (constituency number 58) is one of the 6 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Bhiwani district. This constituency covers the entire Tosham tehsil and part of Bhiwani tehsil.
Tosham is part of Bhiwani-Mahendragarh Lok Sabha constituency along with eight other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Loharu, Badhra, Dadri and Bhiwani in this district and Ateli, Mahendragarh, Narnaul and Nangal Chaudhry in Mahendragarh district.

</doc>
<doc id="31190392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190392" title="Alfred Marzolff">
Alfred Marzolff

Frédéric Alfred Marzolff (born Strasbourg, March 4, 1867 - died Rountzenheim, May 4, 1936) was a French sculptor, known especially for his monuments and medals. Many of his works may still be seen around his native city; some were, however, destroyed during the German occupation of France during World War II. Among his surviving works are the bust of Viktor Nessler in the Parc de l'Orangerie in Strasbourg and the statues of Daniel Specklin and Jacob Sturm von Sturmeck on the façade of the Petites-Boucheries, behind the Aubette.

</doc>
<doc id="31190395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190395" title="1996 Yokohama Flügels season">
1996 Yokohama Flügels season

1996 Yokohama Flügels season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190397" title="1996 Bellmare Hiratsuka season">
1996 Bellmare Hiratsuka season

1996 Bellmare Hiratsuka season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190401" title="1996 Shimizu S-Pulse season">
1996 Shimizu S-Pulse season

1996 Shimizu S-Pulse season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190410" title="1996 Júbilo Iwata season">
1996 Júbilo Iwata season

1996 Júbilo Iwata season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190415" title="Manfred Pohl">
Manfred Pohl

Professor Manfred Pohl is a German business historian. He is the author of over thirty corporate history books, as well as numerous articles and chapters. He has also published a number of poems and short stories. Manfred Pohl is an honorary professor at the Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany.
__TOC__
Biography.
Manfred Pohl was born on 26 May 1944 in the town of Bliesransbach, near Saarbrücken in the Saarland region of Germany. After completing an apprenticeship at the Saarland Credit Bank, he studied German, History, Philosophy and Economics. In 1972 he was awarded a doctorate for his thesis on the history of banking in the Saarland.
Between 1972 and 2001, Manfred Pohl led the Historical Institute of Deutsche Bank. From 1981 he lectured at the Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany, leading courses on Corporate History and Corporate Culture. In 1992 he was awarded an honorary professorship by the university's School of Finance.
In addition to his academic position and his work at Deutsche Bank, Manfred Pohl has founded numerous nonprofit organizations including The European Association for Banking and Financial History, founded in 1990, the Institute for Corporate Culture Affairs, founded in 2001 and the Frankfurter Zukunftsrat, founded in 2008.
In 1998 he founded Europoint, which supported the introduction of the Euro currency in the twelve EU countries that originally adopted the currency in 1999/2001. Activities of note included the "Euro-World" project, a competition where over 1000 children suffering from cancer painted designs for the forthcoming Euro coins. Fourteen winning designs were purchased by the European Central Bank, of which two remain on display at the Bank, with the other twelve being donated back to the hospitals of the children who created the designs. Europoint also commissioned the illuminated Euro sign that stands outside the European Central Bank in Frankfurt. After Europoint was dissolved in 2002, ownership of the sign was transferred to the then newly formed Frankfurter Kultur Komitee. 
Manfred Pohl has written numerous histories of German companies and business ventures, among them Deutsche Bank, Hochtief and the Baghdad Railway. He has also authored and edited works on economic and social themes, especially related to corporate social responsibility and business history (see publications list below).
Awards.
2001 - European Culture Prize
2011 - German Federal Order of Merit, First Class (Bundesverdienstkreuz, 1. Klasse)

</doc>
<doc id="31190420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190420" title="1996 Nagoya Grampus Eight season">
1996 Nagoya Grampus Eight season

1996 Nagoya Grampus Eight season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190431" title="1996 Kyoto Purple Sanga season">
1996 Kyoto Purple Sanga season

1996 Kyoto Purple Sanga season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190435" title="Recording Industry Association of Malaysia">
Recording Industry Association of Malaysia

Persatuan Industri Rakaman Malaysia (RIM) (English: The Recording Industry Association of Malaysia) was founded on December 12, 1978, as Malaysian Association of Phonograph Producers (MAPP). In the end of the 1980s, it changes its name to Malaysian Association of Phonogram and Videogram Producers and Distributors (MAPV). It adopted its current name in 1996. It currently represents over 180 locally incorporated recording companies and businesses, all of which are involved in the production, manufacturing and distribution of local and international sound, music video and karaoke recording. This accounts for around 95% of all legitimate recordings commercially available in the music market of Malaysia. Amongst others, RIM is the Malaysian National Group of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI), a Member of the Special Copyright Task Force, set up under the Ministry of Domestic Trade, Cooperatives & Consumerism (MDTCC), a Member of the Attorney General’s Chambers’ Copyright Law Revision Committee, a Council Member of the Communications and Multimedia Content Forum of Malaysia (CMCF), and a Member of the Asean Music Industry Association (AMIA).
It has been responsible for organizing the annual music event, Anugerah Industri Muzik.
Certification levels.
RIM is responsible for certifying gold and platinum albums in Malaysia, based on sales. The levels are:
Music CDs
International repertoire
Note: Awards for domestic and international repertoire are different before 2006.
Combined sales
Introduced in July 2009.
Digital downloads
Introduced in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31190440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190440" title="2011 U-League">
2011 U-League

2011 U-League is fourth season for university football teams in South Korea. The participated team is expanded to 70 teams of university football teams in South Korea. League was divided 7 division league, 10 teams in each division league. The top four teams from each division and four teams of fifth & sixth teams from each division (total 32 teams) progress to the U-League Championship and other 38 teams compete U-League Friendship.
League start in April 1 and will end October 18. Championship and Friendship will be held from end of October to middle of November.
Participating teams.
Metropolitan Central Div.
Metropolitan Eastern Div.
Metropolitan Western Div.
Central Div.
Yeongnam Div.
Honam Div.
Southern Div.
League.
League table.
<br>
<br>
Playoff for Championship.
The winners of the second round go through to the 2011 U-League Championship, and others are go through to the 2011 U-League Friendship. 
First round was held on 18 October 2011, and second round was held on 20 October 2011. The draw for the playoff was held on 4 October 2011.
Tournament.
Friendship.
Friendship is football tournament for lower team of U-League. The draw for the friendship was held on 4 October 2011. Hoseo University wasn't participated Friendship.
First Round.
First round was held on 26 October 2011.
Round of 32.
Round of 32 will be hold on 28-29 October 2011.
Round of 16.
Round of 16 was held on 30-31 October 2011.
Quarter-finals.
Quarter-finals were held on 2 November 2011.
Semi-finals.
Semi-finals were held on 4 November 2011.
Final.
Final was held on 6 November 2011.
Championship.
The draw for the championship was held on 4 October 2011.
Round of 32.
Round of 32 was held on 22-23 October 2011.
Round of 16.
Round of 16 was held on 24-25 October 2011.
Quarter-finals.
Quarter-finals was held on 27 October 2011.
Semi-finals.
Semi-finals was held on 29 October 2011.
Final.
Final will be hold on 11 November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31190441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190441" title="1996 Gamba Osaka season">
1996 Gamba Osaka season

1996 Gamba Osaka season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190444" title="1996 Cerezo Osaka season">
1996 Cerezo Osaka season

1996 Cerezo Osaka season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190445" title="Chris O'Sullivan (footballer)">
Chris O'Sullivan (footballer)

Chris O'Sullivan (born 22 April 1968) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Brisbane Bears in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).
O'Sullivan, a Victorian, was selected by Brisbane with the 72nd pick of the 1988 VFL Draft. He played eight games in 1989 but could only manage two more in 1990. His efforts with QAFL club Southport in 1992 were good enough to win him a Grogan Medal, in a three way tie. He now works as a brand manager.

</doc>
<doc id="31190448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190448" title="1996 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season">
1996 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season

This article details the 1996 season of Sanfrecce Hiroshima.
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190454" title="1996 Avispa Fukuoka season">
1996 Avispa Fukuoka season

1996 Avispa Fukuoka season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190463" title="1997 Kashima Antlers season">
1997 Kashima Antlers season

1997 Kashima Antlers season
Review and events.
Kashima Antlers won J. League First Stage.
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190468" title="1997 Urawa Red Diamonds season">
1997 Urawa Red Diamonds season

1997 Urawa Red Diamonds season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190469" title="Gonzalo Villagra">
Gonzalo Villagra

Gonzalo Andrés Villagra Lira (born September 17, 1981 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for Unión Española of the Primera Division in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31190470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190470" title="1997 JEF United Ichihara season">
1997 JEF United Ichihara season

1997 JEF United Ichihara season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190473" title="List of Olympic venues in weightlifting">
List of Olympic venues in weightlifting

For the Summer Olympics, there are 25 venues that have been or will be used for weightlifting.

</doc>
<doc id="31190494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190494" title="1997 Kashiwa Reysol season">
1997 Kashiwa Reysol season

1997 Kashiwa Reysol season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190496" title="1997 Verdy Kawasaki season">
1997 Verdy Kawasaki season

1997 Verdy Kawasaki season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190499" title="1997 Yokohama Marinos season">
1997 Yokohama Marinos season

1997 Yokohama Marinos season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190501" title="Clara Bohitile">
Clara Bohitile

Clara Gasebewe Bohitile (born 19 November 1955) is a Namibian businesswoman and former politician. 
Early life and education.
Bohitile was born on 19 November 1955 in Windhoek. She attended school at Catholic School in the Old Location, Windhoek's black resident's suburb until the late 1950s. She also schooled at Gunichas Roman Catholic School near Gobabis and at the Catholic High School in Döbra. Bohitile took up Home Economics on tertiary education at Tshiye College and Vista University, both in South Africa.
After graduation Bohitile worked as teacher at Windhoek's Immanuel Shifidi Secondary School. She also started a farming career and became active in politics.
Political career.
A member of SWAPO, Bohitile was a member of the 2nd and 3rd National Assemblies from 1995-2005. She also served as the Deputy Minister of Basic Education and Culture from 1995-2005 as well. She re-entered the National Assembly from 2007-2010 when she replaced Ben Amathila, who retired. She is also a member of the SWAPO Central Committee.
Business career.
Bohitile is also a prominent commercial farmer as well as politician. In 2006, she was named the Emerging Farmer of the Year by the Namibia Agricultural Union. In September 2010, she made history when she was elected to the board of the MeatCo Namibia. She was the first woman ever chosen to the chair the MeatCo board. Bohitile also served at the board of Windhoek Country Club and Casino.

</doc>
<doc id="31190504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190504" title="1997 Yokohama Flügels season">
1997 Yokohama Flügels season

1997 Yokohama Flügels season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190507" title="1997 Bellmare Hiratsuka season">
1997 Bellmare Hiratsuka season

1997 Bellmare Hiratsuka season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190510" title="1997 Shimizu S-Pulse season">
1997 Shimizu S-Pulse season

1997 Shimizu S-Pulse season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190511" title="Le Puy green lentil">
Le Puy green lentil

The Le Puy green lentil is a lentil cultivated from the "Lens esculenta puyensis" variety.
The "Le Puy green lentil" is protected throughout the European Union according to its Protected Designation of Origin and in France as an AOC. In the European Union, the term may only be used to designate lentils that come from the region of Le Puy (most notably in the commune of Le Puy-en-Velay) in France. These lentils are claimed to have gastronomic qualities that come from the "terroir".

</doc>
<doc id="31190516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190516" title="1997 Júbilo Iwata season">
1997 Júbilo Iwata season

1997 Júbilo Iwata season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190520" title="1997 Nagoya Grampus Eight season">
1997 Nagoya Grampus Eight season

1997 Nagoya Grampus Eight season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190527" title="1997 Kyoto Purple Sanga season">
1997 Kyoto Purple Sanga season

1997 Kyoto Purple Sanga season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190531" title="1997 Gamba Osaka season">
1997 Gamba Osaka season

1997 Gamba Osaka season
Transfers.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31190532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190532" title="1997 Cerezo Osaka season">
1997 Cerezo Osaka season

1997 Cerezo Osaka season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190540" title="1997 Vissel Kobe season">
1997 Vissel Kobe season

1997 Vissel Kobe season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190547" title="1997 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season">
1997 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season

1997 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190553" title="1997 Avispa Fukuoka season">
1997 Avispa Fukuoka season

1997 Avispa Fukuoka season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Awards.
none

</doc>
<doc id="31190564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190564" title="Kotzebue Air Force Station">
Kotzebue Air Force Station

Kotzebue Air Force Station (AAC ID: F-24, LRR ID: A-12) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located south of Kotzebue, Alaska. 
The ground control intercept (GCI) station was closed on 1 November 1983, and was re-designated as a Long Range Radar (LRR) site as part of the Alaska Radar System. Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the 611th Air Support Group, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska.
History.
Kotzebue AFS was a continental defence radar station constructed to provide the United States Air Force early warning of an attack by the Soviet Union on Alaska. 
Construction of the station, began in 1957 and was completed in April 1958. The Army Transportation Corps undertook the project. The station site was located on the Kotzebue Sound of Western Alaska, and equipment and construction material was floated by LST or a barge to a dock built on the coast . Initially, there were no roads, which had to be built as part of the construction effort. Each item had to be hauled up from the port area along the newly constructed road to the permanent station site. 
The station consisted of a power/heating plant, water and fuel storage tanks, gymnasium and other support office buildings. Two other buildings contained living quarters, work areas, and recreational facilities plus opportunities for such sports as skiing, skating, horseshoes, and basketball. The station buildings were, except for the civil engineering building connected by heated hallways. As a result, personnel stationed there, with only very few exceptions, were able to wear "summer" uniforms year round, unless they had a need to go outside during the winter season. The coverings of the station's three radar towers were heated from within to keep the covering from becoming brittle from extreme cold, and thus subject to being damaged or destroyed by high winds. Tours at the station were limited to one year because of the psychological strain and physical hardships. A 5 mile road connected the station to Kotzebue, where a civil airport was located and a town, one of Alaska's major tourist attractions.
The 748th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, activated in April 1958 operated AN/FSP-8, AN/FPS-4, AN/FPS-6, AN/FPS-20, and AN/FPS-87A Kotzebue AFS operated as a Ground-Control Intercept (GCI) and warning station. As a GCI station, the squadron's role was to guide interceptor aircraft deployed to the forward operating base at Galena AFB toward unidentified intruders picked up on the unit's radar scopes. In March 1953, the Manual Air Defense Direction Center (MCC) at Murphy Dome AFS near Fairbanks exercised control over Kotzebue's radars where the data was analyzed to determine range, direction altitude speed and whether or not aircraft were friendly or hostile.
Communications were initially provided by a high frequency radio system which proved unreliable because of atmospheric disturbances. The Alaskan Air Command, after investigating various options, decided to build the White Alice Communications System, a system of Air Force-owned tropospheric scatter and microwave radio relay sites operated by the Air Force Communications Service (AFCS). The Kotzebue site was activated in 1958. It was inactivated in 1979, and replaced by an Alascom owned and operated satellite earth terminal as part of an Air Force plan to divest itself of the obsolete White Alice Communications System and transfer the responsibility to a commercial firm.
Over the years, the equipment at the station was upgraded or modified to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the information gathered by the radars. In 1983, Kotzebue received a new AN/FPS-117 minimally attended radar under Alaskan Air Command's Seek Igloo program. It was designed to transmit aircraft tracking data via satellite to the Alaskan NORAD Regional Operations Control Center (ROCC) at Elmendorf AFB. 
No longer needed, the 748th ACWS was inactivated on l November 1983 and the station re-designated as a Long Range Radar (LRR) Site. In 1990, jurisdiction of the Kotzebue LRR Site was transferred to Eleventh Air Force with the re-designation of AAC.
In 1998 Pacific Air Forces initiated "Operation Clean Sweep", in which abandoned Cold War stations in Alaska were remediated and the land restored to its previous state. After years of neglect the facilities at the station had lost any value they had when the site was closed. The site remediation was carried out by the 611th Civil Engineering Squadron at Elmendorf AFB, and remediation work was completed by 2005.
Current status.
Today very little of the former Kotzebue Air Force Station remains. The site is controlled by the Pacific Air Forces 611th Air Support Group, based at Elmendorf AFB. It is generally unattended; a few civilian contractors access the site for maintaining the facilities.
Air Force units and assignments.
Units:
Assignments:

</doc>
<doc id="31190570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190570" title="1998 Consadole Sapporo season">
1998 Consadole Sapporo season

1998 Consadole Sapporo season

</doc>
<doc id="31190571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190571" title="List of Olympic venues in wrestling">
List of Olympic venues in wrestling

For the Summer Olympics, there are 29 venues that have been or will be used for wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="31190575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190575" title="1998 Kashima Antlers season">
1998 Kashima Antlers season

1998 Kashima Antlers season

</doc>
<doc id="31190586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190586" title="1998 Urawa Red Diamonds season">
1998 Urawa Red Diamonds season

1998 Urawa Red Diamonds season

</doc>
<doc id="31190590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190590" title="1998 JEF United Ichihara season">
1998 JEF United Ichihara season

1998 JEF United Ichihara season

</doc>
<doc id="31190593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190593" title="1998 Kashiwa Reysol season">
1998 Kashiwa Reysol season

1998 Kashiwa Reysol season

</doc>
<doc id="31190595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190595" title="List of Irish Traveller-related depictions and documentaries">
List of Irish Traveller-related depictions and documentaries

Irish Travellers have been depicted, usually negatively but sometimes with some care and sympathy, in film, radio, and print. This page cites Irish Traveller-related books, documentaries, films, and other forms of media documentation and/or depiction.

</doc>
<doc id="31190600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190600" title="1998 Verdy Kawasaki season">
1998 Verdy Kawasaki season

1998 Verdy Kawasaki season

</doc>
<doc id="31190608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190608" title="1998 Yokohama Marinos season">
1998 Yokohama Marinos season

1998 Yokohama Marinos season

</doc>
<doc id="31190612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190612" title="1998 Yokohama Flügels season">
1998 Yokohama Flügels season

1998 Yokohama Flügels season

</doc>
<doc id="31190615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190615" title="1998 Bellmare Hiratsuka season">
1998 Bellmare Hiratsuka season

1998 Bellmare Hiratsuka season

</doc>
<doc id="31190617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190617" title="1998 Shimizu S-Pulse season">
1998 Shimizu S-Pulse season

1998 Shimizu S-Pulse season

</doc>
<doc id="31190621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190621" title="Francisco Sánchez (footballer)">
Francisco Sánchez (footballer)

Francisco Javier Sánchez Silva (born June 2, 1985 in Viña del Mar, Chile) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for San Marcos de Arica of the Primera Division in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31190622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190622" title="Derek Cooper (journalist)">
Derek Cooper (journalist)

Derek Macdonald Cooper (25 May 1925 – 19 April 2014) was a British journalist and broadcaster who wrote about food, wine and whisky.
He was educated at Raynes Park County Grammar School, Portree High School and Wadham College, Oxford, where he read English. After World War II service with the Royal Navy he was with Radio Malaya until 1960. After that he wrote for, amongst others, "The Listener", "The Observer", "Home & Garden" and "Saga Magazine". He was a founder member, first Chairman and first President of the Guild of Food Writers. He was appointed OBE in 1997 and in 1999 he was awarded an Hon. D.Litt. by Queen Margaret University College, Edinburgh.
He conceived the idea of BBC Radio 4’s weekly culinary programme "The Food Programme" which was first broadcast in 1979. Cooper presented "PM" on Radio 4 and his voice over work included items on "Tomorrow's World" and early editions of "World in Action".
In 2001, the year he retired from "The Food Programme", he won a Sony Radio Academy Special Award for "his pioneering work as one of the first journalists to take the subject of food seriously".
He was diagnosed as suffering from Parkinson's disease in 1995. His wife of 57 years, Janet, died in 2010. They had two children: a daughter and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="31190625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190625" title="André H. Caron">
André H. Caron

André H. Caron Ed.D (born 1949) is a Canadian Communications scholar whose research focuses predominantly on young people and media, and the appropriation of new technologies in society (particularly the use of Mobile Communication Devices). Through his books and research projects, he examines social, cultural and policy issues, as well as the overall influence that traditional and new media have on the family and the lives of children and youth.
Alongside Dr. James R. Taylor and Dr. Annie Méar, he helped establish the first graduate program for Communication Studies in French Canada in 1974. Since then, he continues his role as Full Professor at the Department of Communication at the Université de Montréal. 
Professional career.
Caron holds degrees from Boston University (M.Sc. Communication Research, 1971) and from Harvard University (Ed.D. Human Development – Mass Media, 1976). He was appointed the Director of the Bell Chair in interdisciplinary research on emerging technologies (2003-2011) and is the founding Director of the Centre for Youth and Media Studies (GRJM\CYMS) (1988-present) and CITÉ (Centre for Interdisciplinary Research on Emerging Technologies) (2003–2011). He was the Director of the Department of Communication at the Université de Montréal from 1985 to 1991. During his career, he has been invited as visiting scholar at Stanford University, Harvard University, University of Leicester in the United Kingdom, Università di Bologna in Italy and the University of Fribourg in Switzerland.
He has regularly acted as a consultant-researcher for various government commissions in Canada and was appointed in the late nineties by the CRTC as Fiduciary for the merger of CFCF Inc. and the Groupe Vidéotron Ltée. He has held the position of Chairman of the Board of Mediasmarts and Vice-President of the Board of the National Film Board of Canada, and was a member of the Board of the Canadian Television Fund and the Bell New Media Fund. 
Major contributions.
His research has played a determining role in Canadian policies with regards to children and media, as well as on the diffusion and cultural impact of information and communication technologies. 
In terms of policy impact on children and youth, his work began addressing policy concerns as early as the 1970s, when he published a study on first-time exposure to television and their effects on Inuit children in northern Quebec. His earlier work contributed to the Quebec Office for Consumer Protection’s proposal for legislation regulating the role and influence of media advertising targeted at children (1978). Additional research was also included in the recommendations put forth by the Ontario Royal Commission on counteracting violence in television (1979).
In 1986, his research was used by the government of Canada to persuade the CRTC (Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunications Commission) to hold hearings for a new private French television network in Quebec to counteract the growing number of francophone viewers drifting towards American television. His work is often referred to at CRTC hearings regarding the status of children and media.
He is known for his long-term quantitative studies and multi-methodological approaches, and has participated in several large-scale multi-lingual international research initiatives.
With regards to cultural impact, he has been credited with coining the term Culture Mobile in French academia in 2005 (translation: Mobile Turn), in reference to the ways in which new technology redefines temporal and special societal constraints; an emphasis on the new nomadic identity of contemporary social actors. 
To date, he has published numerous books and articles, and contributed to seminal work for the International Handbook for Children, Media and Culture and the Handbook of Child Well-Being. 
Books.
Culture mobile: les nouvelles pratiques de communications 
Published in French in 2005 with co-author Dr. Letitzia Caronia, it explores the ways in which the mobile phone has been adopted in society and our everyday life, particularly in respect to youth, and the subsequent redefinition of social links and interpersonal relationships that have occurred; ultimately creating the emergence of a “culture mobile”. 
Moving Cultures: Mobile Communication in Everyday Life
Co-written with Dr. Letizia Caronia, it examines how teenagers have creatively adopted mobile phones in their social and cultural lives. This appropriation of cell phones exists as a verbal performance through which young people create culture, and argues that teenagers have domesticated and reinterpreted this technology. The book was published in 2007, and also published in Italian in 2010.
Regulating Screens: Issues in Broadcasting and Internet Governance for Children
Published in 2013 with co-author Ronald I. Cohen, the book provides an overview of the existing rules and regulations that mediate the use of screens amongst children on an international scale (specifically in Canada, the United States, Australia, the United Kingdom, and the European Union) and furthers the examination of how governments and non-governmental organizations have been contributing to make television and the Internet safer for children.
Awards.
1989 – BBM Canada Award: In recognition for an exceptional contribution to the radio-television industry
2001 – Appointed by the Governor General of Canada as a member of the board of direction for the National Film Board of Canada
2010 - Premio Venezia: Awarded by the Italian Chamber of Commerce in Canada for excellence in the scientific field for collaboration between Quebecois and Italian academic institutions. 
2003-2011 - Bell Chair: An industry chair developed by Bell Media in the area of interdisciplinary research on emerging technologies at the Université de Montréal. 

</doc>
