<doc id="31144022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144022" title="L Schuler AG v Wickman Machine Tool Sales Ltd">
L Schuler AG v Wickman Machine Tool Sales Ltd

L Schuler AG v Wickman Machine Tool Sales Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/1973/2.html UKHL 2 is an English contract law case, concerning the right to terminate performance of a contract.
Facts.
Wickman alleged that Schuler AG wrongfully terminated their contract for Wickman to visit car makers to market Schuler’s panel presses, as their sole representative for 4 and a half years, even though Wickman had failed to make visits. Clause 7(b) said, ‘It shall be a condition of this agreement that shall send its representatives to visit [the six largest UK car manufacturers of the time at least once in every week for the purpose of soliciting orders for panel presses.’ Clause 11 said either party could end the agreement if the other was in material breach and did not change its behaviour on 60 days' notice. Mr Wickman failed to make any visits at the start. This was waived by Schuler at first, but then when Wickman was making some but not all the visits, Schuler terminated. Wickman sued, alleging Schuler was not allowed to terminate.
Judgment.
The House of Lords held by a majority that Schuler was not entitled to terminate, and held clause 7(b) to be not a condition. Clause 7 was to be read with clause 11, so that notice would need to be given to remedy the situation, and if notice and 60 days to change was not given, then clause 7 would not be breached. Only after 60 days without compliance would ‘rescission’ (i.e. termination) be allowed. Lord Reid said the following.
Lord Morris, Lord Simon and Lord Kilbrandon concurred.
Lord Wilberforce dissented, holding that Schuler should have been able to terminate.

</doc>
<doc id="31144036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144036" title="Sacred 3">
Sacred 3

Sacred 3 is an upcoming action role-playing game. It will be the third full game in the "Sacred" video game series. Deep Silver, which acquired the license to Sacred 3 from former development studio Ascaron Entertainment, announced at Gamescom that the earliest it could publish the game would be in early 2012.
A side-scrolling action brawler called "Sacred Citadel" will act as a prequel to the "Sacred 3" story and released in 2013 to XBLA, PSN and Steam and developed by Southend Interactive.
Gameplay.
There will be a variety of classes to choose from but those from "" will not return. They have been replaced by the Safiri Warrior and Ancarian Lancer. Some of the environments from the previous game will make a return such as Castle Braverock.
Sacred 3 will have four player co-op on at all times, even if the player is not connected to the Internet. Instead they'll have a trio of A.I. allies fighting alongside them. Each ally has his or her own distinct set of active and passive skills. Everyone has a small number of abilities to equip at a time to keep the team from getting overpowered and may allow the combining of team powers to give the player additional ways to take down foes.
Plot.
Seraphim – guardians of the legendary "Heart of Ancaria" and their sacred bond between its people had kept the land at peace for centuries, but they've since been forgotten. Lord Zane – ruler of the Ashen Empire – allied himself with Demons, striving to open the gates to the underworld. Bound together by the chains of this evil empire, a resistance of Heroes was forged.
Players will need to defeat the oppressive ruler of Ashen Empire, Zane Ashen, and keep him from obtaining a powerful artifact known as the Heart of Ancaria.
Development.
Shortly following the Gamescom announcement, Deep Silver called for fan feedback on desired features for "Sacred 3" in its official community forums.
In an interview Martin Wein stated "For the weakness of Sacred 2 I want to mention the Quality Assurance. As a target for Sacred 3 this will be a very important milestone to be taken care of. It's possible to deliver a bug free game." When asked about possible similarities or differences between the sequel and past installments, Wein stated "We want to keep the charm of the series and you will stumble upon one or another popular character of the prequels." 

</doc>
<doc id="31144061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144061" title="Lebanese International University (Mauritania)">
Lebanese International University (Mauritania)

Lebanese International University is a university located in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just southeast of the Presidential Palace and north of the Friday Mosque of Nouakchott and Judiciary Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="31144072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144072" title="Aras Agalarov">
Aras Agalarov

Aras Agalarov () (born November 8, 1955) is an Azerbaijan-born Russian businessman, developer, public figure and author of "Russia: Reflections on the Way to the Market" (1998).
Born in Baku, he was educated at the Azerbaijan Polytechnical Institute. He moved with his family to Moscow in 1998, where he founded Crocus International, which specialises in trade fairs, where he still makes most of his money.
Agalarov then opened the first Crocus Inter store, which became a retail business that includes malls offering housewares. This moved him into property development, where he built the Crocus City Mall, the largest shopping centre in Moscow. Adjacent to this he then built the largest trade centre in Russia on the outskirts of Moscow, Crocus Expo, and has since developed a luxury housing development.
Married with two children, his eldest son Emin Agalarov is a businessman and singer/song writer. Emin is married to Leyla Aliyeva, the daughter of the current President of Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev; she edits the London-based "Baku" magazine, published by Crocus International.

</doc>
<doc id="31144102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144102" title="Lamp of Brotherhood">
Lamp of Brotherhood

The Lamp of Brotherhood or "Fraternitatis Lumen" is one of 46 (or variously cited as up to 84 Lamps cast from the bronze doors of the destroyed Monte Cassino Abbey. The concept was that each of these lamps would be sent to those countries that participated in the freeing of Europe from the Nazis during the years 1939 to 1945. 
A “Lamp of Brotherhood” presently in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. 
The lamp is 31 cm in length, 10.5 cm wide, and 14.5 cm high. Text on the upper surface reads: “Fraternitatis Lumen”
History.
The Vancouver lamp is reputedly the “Lamp of the Americas,” representing both North and South America. It arrived in Vancouver through the participation of Air Vice Marshall Ken Guthrie in the original lamp service - known as the “Lampada” - when the lamps were given out in the newly re-built Monte Cassino in 1956. Ken Guthrie said that he and his wife were the only representatives from North America at this Lamp-giving ceremony and it was placed in their custody. 
According to Ken Guthrie, each country that received a lamp was to create an organization to be known as the “Lampada” to cherish and care for the lamp. No such organization was started in North America, and so the lamp remained in the custody of Ken and Kay Guthrie who brought it to Vancouver in the 1964 . Prior to the move to Vancouver, the lamp was a focal point at a ceremony in St. Agathe, Quebec in 1959. A Mrs Stockdale, National President of the Mothers of the Silver Cross Association laid the lamp at the base of the Cenotaph. Since 1964. the Lamp has been a focal point 
There are a number of photographs in AVM Guthrie's album featuring the lamp: Link to Album
1. Lampada - Rome 1956
In front of a large schematic of the Lamp, Msgr Fernando Baldelli speaks to an organizational meeting of “Lampada.”
The handwritten inscription of the back of the photograph reads:
“Lampada” 
Org meeting – Rome – April 1956
Speaker–Msgr Fernando Baldelli (Vatican) – head of “Caritas ” world organization.
2. Lampada- Rome 1956
Two delegates stand In front of a large schematic of the Lamp. The handwritten inscription of the back of the photograph reads:
“Lampada”
Org meeting - Rome - April 1956
L/R Prince Bertie de Lijne ( ex RCAF Belgian trained pilot)
Bib Van Lauschot (Holland) (Treas. Gen. WVF)
3. Lampada -Rome 1958
Ten Delegates stand in front of a large backdrop displaying east and west hemispherical maps, beneath the title in 4 languages: 
OPERA MONDAILE DELLA LAMPADA DELLA FRATERNITA, 
WORLD ORGANIZATION OF THE LAMP OF BROTHERHOOD,
OUVRE MONDAILE DE LA LAMPE DE LA FRANTERNITE,
WELTVERLEINIGUNG DER LAMPE DER BRUDERLICHKEIT.
The handwritten inscription of the back of the photograph lists the delegates from Italy, Ceylon, Holland, France, Belgium, and Australia.
4. Lamps at Monte Cassino 1959.
At least 20 war widows and mothers, each carrying a Lamp climb the stairs of the Abbey during its reconstruction in 1959. The hand written inscription on the back of the photograph reads:
The “Lamp” of Peace which will burn on the graves of Fallen Soldiers is brought to the partly rebuilt Abbey by War mothers and widows."
5. St Agathe, Quebec 1959.
The Lamp is brought up the stairs towards the Cenotaph by a veteran, accompanied by a lady bearing a wick and flame, preceded by the Silver Cross Mother.
6. St Agathe, Quebec 1959.
The Lamp is visible at the base of the Cenotaph as veterans salute.
7. Vancouver, October 25th 1964. 
The Lamp lies near a pool at the Air Force Garden of Remembrance, Stanley Park as a Chaplain conducts a dedication service before assembled senior Air Force Officers
The cover of the programme reads:
Ceremonial Planting
of an
English Oak Tree
in the
Air Forces Garden of Remembrance
Stanley Park, Vancouver, British Columbia
Canada 
on Sunday, October 25th 1964
as a memorial to Royal Air Force Airman
who trained in Canada 
and lost their lives in World War II
and as a gesture of appreciation 
of the kindness of the Canadian people to 
Royal Air Force Airman
The inside of the programme reads:
Order of Service
GOD SAVE THE QUEEN
Placement of Lamp of Brotherhood in the Air Forces Garden of Remembrance: Mesdames Martin and Collins, assisted by Msgr. Rt. Rev. James F. Carney, Vicar-General of Vancouver and Air Vice Marshal K. M. Guthrie, C.B., C.B.E., C. D.
8. Pope Paul - Rome 1968.
"Rome January 1st 1968: Pope Paul blessing the "Lamp" to be placed on the Altar at the Abbey of Montecassino. Ceremony shown held in 'Vestments Hall.”
9. Monte Cassino -1968.
A lady holds a lamp, flanked by dignitaries beneath an arch inscribed “PAX.”
The handwritten inscription of the back of the photograph reads:
1st January 1968, arrival of party from Rome with “Lamp” blessed there by Pope Paul.
“Lamp” was placed on altar of Abby of Montecassino by Abbott.
10. Vancouver 1976
Clipping from The Vancouver Sun, 20 Sep 1976. An Air Force veteran holds the Lamp in front of a Colour Party. The caption reads:
BATTLE of BRITAIN SUNDAY. 
George O. Grasdal holds the Lamp of Brotherhood at Sunday’s commemorative ceremony in the Air Force Garden of Remembrance in Stanley Park. Flag-bearers from left: Bill Cain, Gilbert Berry, Alec Kay and Harry Bohart. Ian Couper photo.
An internet search discovered references to 3 other Lamps: One at a church in England, another at a church in Venray, Netherlands, and a lamp at the New Zealand War Memorial.
Web links are shown below. Presumably the lamp blessed by Pope Paul is still ensconced at the Monte Cassino Abbey.
Known lamps.
New Zealand - National War Memorial
The lamp is mounted in the Sanctuary of the War Memorial.
Netherlands - Church at Venray
The lamp would burn as a symbol of peace.
England - St Mary’s Church, Banbury
A Lamp of Brotherhood from Monte Cassino was installed in 1964. It is cited as one of 84.
Despite numerous e-mails and letters to the Abbey, New Zealand War Memorial, and Venray Church, there has been no response to a request for information to establish the provenance of the lamp. 
The curator of St Mary’s Church in England was the sole responder, but did not have any information. He wrote: “I'm afraid that all we know about the Lamp of Brotherhood, which is still permanently lit in front of our war memorial, is what is on our website.  We understand that it was given to the church in 1964, but no-one I have spoken to now remembers who gave it or in what circumstances. ...”
Provenance.
Any information as to the provenance of the Lamps would be most welcome. Of particular interest are answers to the following questions:
1. Were the Lamps actually cast from the bronze doors of the Abbey?
2. How many Lamps were distributed and to whom?
3. Where are the surviving lamps located?

</doc>
<doc id="31144137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144137" title="Ctenophora elegans">
Ctenophora elegans

Ctenophora elegans is a true crane fly species in the genus "Ctenophora".

</doc>
<doc id="31144156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144156" title="Suck It and See">
Suck It and See

Suck It and See is the fourth studio album by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys, released 6 June 2011 in the UK and 7 June in the US, following their 2011 North American tour. The band worked with producer James Ford on this album and promised a more "vintage" style.
On 19 March 2011, in an interview with "NME", drummer Matt Helders revealed that "Suck It and See" would feature "some songs a bit more instant. A bit more poppy, certainly, than "Humbug" was."
Recording and production.
Arctic Monkeys wrote the album throughout 2010, with Alex Turner writing songs in New York and London. Rather than repeat the heavily produced sound of "Humbug", the band's previous effort, much of the album was recorded in live takes with producer James Ford in Los Angeles, California, over five weeks in January/February 2011. Alex Turner has commented that rather than going into the studio with only rough sketches of songs, and making heavy use of overdubbing, the band focused much of their time on rehearsing together.
The band settled on "Suck It and See" as the title after debating between titles such as "The Rain-Shaped Shimmer Trap", "The Thunder-Suckle Fuzz Canyon", "The Blondo-Sonic Rape Alarm", and "Thriller", according to a band interview in the "NME". This latter may have been a joke. The phrase "Peel slowly and see" appeared famously on early copies of The Velvet Underground and Nico (1967), which has a sense of similarity to the Arctic Monkeys album title.
The track "Piledriver Waltz" was first released on Alex Turner's debut EP, "Submarine", where it was credited to Turner as a solo artist. The version included on "Suck It and See" is a re-recording with the whole band involved.
Promotion.
A music video for "Brick by Brick" was released shortly before the album details were revealed on 10 March. However, Matt Helders confirmed that "Brick by Brick" would not be the lead single.
On 5 May 2011, Arctic Monkeys began the Suck It and See Tour by playing their first live show in over a year in Stockholm.
On 13 May, Arctic Monkeys appeared on "Later... with Jools Holland" and performed four tracks from the album: "Library Pictures", "Don't Sit Down 'Cause I've Moved Your Chair", "Reckless Serenade" and "The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala".
Singles.
Four singles were released to promote the album. The lead single, "Don't Sit Down 'Cause I've Moved Your Chair", was released digitally on 12 April 2011, and on 16 April three thousand vinyl copies were released worldwide by the band as part of Record Store Day. It was also released on a CD with B-sides "The Blond-O-Sonic Shimmer Trap" and "I.D.S.T." on 30 May 2013.
The second single from the album, "The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala", was released on 15 August 2011. On 31 October 2011, the title track "Suck It and See" was released as the third single, and followed by the release of the fourth and final single, "Black Treacle", on 23 January 2012.
Reception.
"Suck It and See" received positive reviews from critics, with an average 74% rating at Metacritic. The album has also been successful commercially. In its first week of release the album debuted at number 1 in the United Kingdom, selling over 82,000 units and knocking Lady Gaga's "Born This Way" off the top spot. In its second week the album sold a further 34,910 units in the UK. Overall the album sold 154,000 units in its first week worldwide. "NME" named the album cover, an artwork free cream monochrome after the styling of The Beatles' 'White Album', as one of the worst in history. In July, the album won Mojo award for the Best Album of 2011. "Mojo" placed the album at number 39 on its list of "Top 50 albums of 2011." On 30 May, a week before official release Domino Records streamed the entire album on SoundCloud. Within a few hours of being made public the first two tracks had reached over 10,000 listens each, and by the end of the week each had accrued over 100,000 plays.
Censorship.
In the United States the title on the cover sleeve was covered by a sticker in certain big-box retailers. In an interview with British radio station XFM, lead singer Alex Turner said, "They think it is rude, disrespectful and they're putting a sticker over it in America in certain stores, big ones." The English idiom "suck it and see" means that something must be tried first, appearing, for example, in a 2010 "The Economist" headline and (as "suck 'em and see") in the advertising slogan of Fisherman's Friend lozenges.

</doc>
<doc id="31144162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144162" title="Anna Rosbach">
Anna Rosbach

Anna Rosbach Andersen (born 2 February 1947) is a Danish politician and Member of the European Parliament. She is an independent sitting in the European Conservatives and Reformists (ECR). She was elected for the Danish People's Party (DF), but left in March 2011.
She joined the recently established political party Fokus, which aimed to run in the European Parliament elections in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31144181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144181" title="College of Science and Technology (Mauritania)">
College of Science and Technology (Mauritania)

College of Science and Technology is a college located in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located south of Lebanese International University, just north of the headquarters of Air Mauritania.

</doc>
<doc id="31144186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144186" title="James Fennell">
James Fennell

James Fennell (1766–1816) was an English actor and dramatist.
Early life.
Fennell was born 11 December 1766. His father was in the treasury department of the navy pay office. He went first to school at Bow under the Rev. Dr. French, and subsequently to Eton College. After a trip to France he entered Trinity College, Cambridge. His life at the university was extravagant. Abandoning an idea of taking orders he entered Lincoln's Inn.
Stage career.
In consequence of gambling debts he mortgaged to his father the money to which he was entitled, and when no further allowance could be obtained went to Edinburgh, June 1787, with a view to adopting the stage as a profession. Jackson, manager of the Theatre Royal, Edinburgh, engaged him as an amateur. His first appearance, under the name of Cambray, from the resemblance of his own name to Fénelon, was as Othello. He played six times in Edinburgh with some success, and accepted an engagement for the following season.
Returning to London, he appeared at Covent Garden Theatre 12 October 1787 as Othello, and acted in other plays. Harris, the manager, offered to engage him and pay his forfeit (£200) to Jackson, but he returned to Edinburgh in time for the season of 1788. He worked diligently and conscientiously. He was to play Jaffier in "Venice Preserv'd", the part of Pierre being assigned to an actor named Woods. A proposal that the parts should be exchanged led to a riot in the theatre and a bitter controversy, Fennell offering at one point to reveal a ‘scene of villainy.’ The Edinburgh lawyers took part against him, and addressed a letter to the manager (15 July 1788) signed by Henry Erskine (dean of faculty), and 182 advocates and writers. Fennell began an action against his persecutors, but ultimately consented to a compromise. He received £500, and his adversaries agreed to take tickets for a benefit. They also invited him to show himself once more on the stage. He appeared accordingly as Othello. He gave one more performance in Edinburgh and went to London. He played Othello 25 Aug. at York, and was, says his employer, Tate Wilkinson, ‘well received’. Three days later he enacted Don Felix to the Violente of Elizabeth Farren.
Upon his arrival in London he was arrested for debt. He was still helped by his father, who with other members of his family had disowned him when he took to the stage. He then acted at Richmond. He devoted himself in London to literary and scientific schemes. He had reappeared at Covent Garden 16 October 1790 as Othello, and played there in the following season. In 1792 he married Miss H. B. Porter, third daughter of Dr. Porter.
In America.
In 1793 he accepted an offer from Wignell, manager of the Philadelphia Theatre, and started for America. Between 1797 and 1806 he acted at many theatres in New York, Boston, and elsewhere without establishing a position. He gave readings and recitations at College Hall, Philadelphia, and for a time kept an academy at Charlestown, Massachusetts.
In 1814 he established salt-works near New London, Connecticut, and sometimes, in intervals of other occupations, resorted to manual labour. He also tried to establish in Philadelphia a school similar to Eton or Westminster. William Dunlap in his "History of the American Theatres", pp. 231–3, and elsewhere, says he was a remarkably handsome man, over six feet in height, with light complexion and hair, and light grey eyes. Dunlap declares that he never paid his bills in Paris or Philadelphia, that he lived by fraud, and passed his life between a palace and a prison. He had been in 1794 the idol of the literary youth of Philadelphia.
Death.
In 1815, at the Chestnut Street Theatre, Philadelphia, he was allowed to attempt Lear, but his memory was gone. He died 14 June 1816. The picture affixed to his ‘Apology’ shows a handsome but rather narrow head. Wherever he went he made friends. In Edinburgh, Home, the author of "Douglas", Henry Mackenzie, author of "The Man of Feeling", and other literary men consorted with him.
Works.
He is said to have edited the "Theatrical Guardian", of which six weekly numbers are believed to have appeared in London, March and April 1791. While at Richmond he brought out his "Linda and Clara, or the British Officer", a comedy in three acts, subsequently enlarged to five, and published London, 1791.
A trip to Paris in 1791 led to the publication of "A Review of the Proceedings at Paris during the last Summer", London, n.d. . He refers to a play entitled a ‘Picture of Paris,’ which was acted once. Of this no trace is discoverable.
He wrote some verse epistles, one of them printed, and composed an ‘Apology’ for his life, Philadelphia, 1814. In a preface to this he represents himself struggling with want, and dedicates it to Mimosa Sensitiva, apparently his wife, of whom and his ‘drooping family’ he speaks. He resided some time with James Bruce, the African traveller, and claimed to have assisted him in his "Travels".

</doc>
<doc id="31144188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144188" title="Faye HeavyShield">
Faye HeavyShield

Faye HeavyShield is a Kainai-Blood sculptor and installation artist. She is known for her repetitive use of objects and writing to create large scale, often minimalist, site-specific installations.
Background.
HeavyShield, the third youngest out of twelve siblings, grew up on the North End of the Blood Reserve where her father managed a ranch. As a youth she attended Catholic school at St. Mary's Residential. Growing up on the Reserve she spoke Blackfoot and English and spent quite a bit of time with her grandmother who told her traditional stories about the Blood and Blackfoot people. In 1980 she began attending classes at the Alberta College of Art and Design, but, she obtained her bachelors of fine art at the University of Calgary in 1986.
In 2007 HeavyShield narrated and acted in "Legends of Kainai: Stories from the Blackfoot People of Southern Alberta" produced by the CBC.
Fine art career.
"My art is a reflection of my environment and personal history as lived in the physical geography of southern Alberta with its prairie grass, river coulees, and wind and an upbringing in the Kainai community (with a childhood stint in the Catholic residential school system). The past, present and imagined make up the vocabulary used to realize my thoughts and ideas; responses and references to the body, land, language." - Faye HeavyShield
Upon entering the Alberta College of Art she began to explore artistic styles finding herself drawn to working with her hands through sculpture and large scale installations. Creating these works gave her a feeling of immersion in the materials and concepts behind the pieces.
Sculptural installations.
Many of HeavyShield's works are site-specific, such as "body of land", first created in 2002. Hundreds of small paper conical tipi forms are placed sometimes solitary, in couples, or in groups, on a wall. The forms are in shades of red, pink, purple and brown. The colors are obtained from digital images of human skin, magnified, then printed on paper. "body of land" seeks to show the permanence of environments, community, language and history.
These works often display multiples, whether the forms in "body of land", boats, small squares of cloth, or other delicate and often hand-created objects. The creation of these pieces leads to repetitive tasks, such as dying clothing - this repetitive process is one that HeavySheilds finds meditative and exploratory.
Heritage.
Always a major source of inspiration, HeavyShield's life on the Blood reservation and Blackfoot ancestry flow constantly through her work. In 2004 she created "kuto'iis" ("blood"), which consists of hundreds of small knotted balls of cloth attached to a wall, painted in red ochre. Similar to "body of land" in its chaotic placement of the knots, each knot signifies a blood clot. The repetitive pattern and ritualized act of creating the knots has been described as a "re-collection of stories, the sounds of language and song, of home."
From 2007-2008 HeavyShield studied Blood beadwork in the collections of the Canadian Museum of Civilization, the Royal Ontario Museum and the Glenbow Museum. Studying the museums classification systems of these objects, she noticed they were stored in rows of drawers or on shelves and often with only small catalog tags. During this study she also thought about the people (mainly women) who created the objects, people whom she and her family are related to genetically and historically. One piece that came from this study is "hours" (2007); a book, with no text, consisting of twelve bound pages of woven white seed beads.
Christian symbolism.
HeavyShield's Catholic education and the importance of Christianity on the Blood Reserve continues to appear in her work. Drawings and sculptures inspired by the wimples worn by the Grey Nuns appear in the mid-1990s with "heart hoof horn" as well as addresses of prayer in the installation piece "now I lay me down", showing semi-abstract fonts placed on a wall reflecting Catholic rituals and prayers. "now I lay me down" was a part of her 1994 exhibit "Into the Garden of Angels" at The Power Plant in Toronto.
Feminism.
In the 1990s HeavyShield was one of the fore-runners in the Canadian feminist art movement. Numerous works during the decade reflected on femininity and womanhood. In 1993 she created "sisters": a circle of six pairs of high heels with the toes pointed outward. The installation, representing HeavyShield and her five sisters, symbolizes the strength of women. Utilizing shoes again in 1994's "she: a room full of women" she brings together twelve pairs of women's and girls' shoes spray painted matte black. This piece is the first time that HeavyShield utilized her own words (eventually bringing her poetry into future work) with framed black and white panels over each pair of shoes, representing "everywoman".
Landscape.
Growing up in southern Alberta, HeavyShield lived near two rivers: the Oldman and the Belly. She used to play in the Oldman as a child with her siblings and in 2004 she began documenting the rivers with photographs, which she proceeded to create black and white photocopies of, titling it "old man is a river".
"Through digital images, writing and drawing, my time spent with rivers - their influence on our bodies and our histories - has been recorded and re-played. And through travels, this engagement with the idea of place and its texture has come to be site-specific."
The piece, shaped like a diamond, consists of one half encaustic images of prairie grass and one half a large digital print collage featuring inscriptions of her thoughts. This work was displayed in 2005 at the Alberta Biennial.
In 2004 she created "camouflage", an installation and performance-like piece that involved HeavyShield placing stones and twigs from the Oldman River, which feature photocopied images of the river and text from the Blackfoot dictionary on them, on the shore of the St. Croix River. Releasing them to the elements, three weeks later most of the pieces had scattered or been carried away by the tide. This piece was created on the 400th anniversary of the arrival of Samuel de Champlain at the site - representing "themes of transplantation and exchange."

</doc>
<doc id="31144213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144213" title="Trials, Troubles, Tribulations">
Trials, Troubles, Tribulations

Trials, Troubles, Tribulations is a popular American bluegrass gospel song written by Estil C. Ball. It was originally entitled simply "Tribulations" and was recorded in 1959.
The song is the most famous composition written by E.C. Ball. The lyrics were based, as Ball told Alan Lomax in 1959, "on the last book in the Bible: Revelations." Original versions of Ball's song are featured on “White Spirituals”; “Sounds of the South”; and volume five in the Southern Journey series, “Deep South… Sacred and Sinful,” 1960 (Prestige). The song was reissued on “Southern Journey #6: Sheep, Sheep, Don’cha Know the Road” in the Alan Lomax Collection CD series, 1997 (Rounder). It is currently in print on “E.C. Ball and Orna: Through the Years” (Copper Creek) and "I'm Gonna Live Anyhow Until I Die," volume 5 in the "Alan Lomax's Southern Journey, 1959–1960" series (Mississippi Records / Global Jukebox).
The song has been frequently covered by other musicians, such as Andrew Bird as "Trials, Troubles, Tribulations.". Most recently, the song appears on Valerie June's 2013 release, "Pushin' Against a Stone." 

</doc>
<doc id="31144217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144217" title="Wilaya de Nouakchott">
Wilaya de Nouakchott

Wilaya de Nouakchott is a government administrative building located in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, just west of the headquarters of Air Mauritania and opposite the headquarters of Radio Nationale.

</doc>
<doc id="31144225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144225" title="Doggone Cats">
Doggone Cats

Doggone Cats (reissued as "Dog Gone Cats"), is a 1947-released Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series.
It stars Sylvester, his brother Alan (his official debut, and his only appearance until The Looney Tunes Show and a dog named Wellington. It was officially released in Cinecolor, but was reissued in Technicolor.
Plot.
Wellington the dog is given a package to deliver to Uncle Louie, with strict instructions not to let go of it. Sylvester and his brother Alan (although not officially named) that Wellington has been tormenting see this as their chance to get even. Besides repeatedly filching the package, at one point they drop a duplicate off a bridge. Wellington still manages to retrieve the package a few times, but never for long. Wellington finally arrives at Uncle Louie's, then finds out that the package contains dinner for the two cats! Having been made a jackass, Wellington slams his head against the mailbox and crowns himself with garbage can lids.
Trivia.
This cartoon marks the debut appearance of Sylvester's brother Alan. Alan looks like Sylvester, except with orange fur. In his debut appearance, he appears to be slightly smaller than Sylvester, and does not speak. After this short Alan never appeared in animation, until episode 26 of The Looney Tunes Show 'Point Laser Point', where here he has been officially named, speaks for the first time (voiced by Jeff Bennett) and designed slightly larger than Sylvester.

</doc>
<doc id="31144230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144230" title="Southampton University Boat Club">
Southampton University Boat Club

Southampton University Boat Club (SUBC) is the rowing club for students of Southampton University. The club has no definite founding date, and although the earliest evidence of the club to be found existed in 1904, it was not registered as a club with British Rowing until 1929. SUBC is a member of the University of Southampton's Student Union and has over 100 members and attracting over 80 new members every year. The boathouse is situated on the River Itchen, a tidal river in Southampton.
History.
Club Olympians.
The club has been the launch pad for several World Class athletes, including Olympic Silver Medallists Per Sætersdal and Miriam Batten and Guin Batten .
The Women's Senior squad is currently coached by Mike Beresford, a former European Silver Medalist, Commonwealth Gold Medalist and Olympic finalist in the 1960 Roman Olympics, as well as a several time winner of various events at Henley Royal Regatta. He is still occasionally seen in his single scull.
Club colours.
The Club colours are Maroon, Gold and Navy Blue. Club members race in a tri-colour all-in-one of dark blue with maroon and gold side stripes with the club crest on the chest.
Races.
The club competes at a number of regattas and head races throughout the academic year (September - August). Prior to Christmas the club's main focus is the Bristol Head Race. This event provides developing crews with the academic year's first taste of inter-university competition and the beginner crews with the first chance to apply what they have learnt in race conditions. The club also sends its athletes to the National Indoor Rowing Championships.
After Christmas, the club enters a number of events during the continuing head season. These include BUCS Head and a Varsity match against the University of Portsmouth Boat Club. After this other events in which include Reading Head, BUCS Regatta, Henley Royal Regatta amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="31144255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144255" title="Bunge Corporation v Tradax SA">
Bunge Corporation v Tradax SA

Bunge Corporation v Tradax Export SA [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/1981/11.html UKHL 11 is an English contract law case, concerning the right to terminate performance of a contract.
Facts.
Bunge Corp sued Tradax SA for wrongful termination of its agreement to supply Bunge with 5,000 tons of soya bean meal on the basis that giving notice four days late for loading the ship was not so bad. The soya bean meal was going on three shipments from a port in the Gulf of Mexico nominated by Tradax and on a ship nominated by Bunge. One of the shipments was to be during June 1975. Clause 7 said Bunge was to ‘give at least 15 days consecutive notice’ of the readiness of the ship for loading (i.e. which at the time mean 13 June). Bunge gave notice on 17 June. Tradax argued this was a breach and purported to terminate and recover damages for the difference between the contract price and the market price (which had just fallen).
Judgment.
The House of Lords held that proper construction of the contract meant clause 7 was a condition, so Tradax had been entitled to terminate. The contract had to be construed to give effect to the parties' intentions, and although because it allows the right to terminate one would not quickly hold that in mercantile contracts agreements contained conditions, this one did. Lord Wilberforce said the following.
Lord Scarman and Lord Roskill concurred.

</doc>
<doc id="31144267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144267" title="Chaodaogou culture">
Chaodaogou culture

Chaodaogou culture (Chinese 抄道溝, Chaodaogou Wenhua) was a late Bronze Age nomadic archeological culture in the northern Hebei, Shanxi, Shaanxi, and Henan provinces of China, its center is located between the bend of the river Hunahe and the drainage basin of the Liao 遼/辽 river. Chaodaogou culture is cautiously dated to c. the 9th to 8th centuries BCE, falling within Western Zhou period of the Central Plain ("Zhongyuan") area (in the middle and lower course of the Yellow River). The type site of the culture is Chaodaogou in Qinglong county, Hebei, excavated in May 1961. Another typical site of this culture is a cemetery in Linzheyu (林遮峪) in Baode county, Shaanxi. The Chaodaogou culture is roughly contemporary with the fishing and hunting nomadic Baijinbao culture in Heilongjiang.
The Chaodaogou culture is mostly characterized by funerary sites with identical or closely related objects, the grave inventory contains the most characteristic bronze weapons of daggers, knives, and axes, that have greatly contributed to defining the "Northern Zone" as a distinct cultural complex. The grave inventory points to a developed horse husbandry culture, the objects include horse harness, These are a dagger with decorated handle and ram-head pommel, an axe with tubular socket, small rattles and small bells in bronze, knives with arched back and a rattle pommel, knife with a ram-head knob, dagger with grooved hilt and rattle pommel, bronze beldt plaques with spiral designs, and bronze ritual vessels. 
The axes with tubular socket are clearly different from the fan-shaped axe of the Shang, the tubular hafting system is very different from the predominant Shang method of attaching handle to a protruding flat tang, the main characteristic of the tubular hafting system is a tubular socket set perpendicularly to the blade. Tubular axes were excavated at the archeological sites in Hebei and Shanxi provinces, and at Shang sites of the Central Plain, and in eastern Liaoning
The elements of the Chaodaogou bronze culture peculiar to the Northern Zone are present as far as Baikal area, Mongolia, Altai region, South Siberia (Minusinsk river basin), and Tuva, evincing the extraordinary reach of this cultural complex. Excavation of archaeological sites in North China allowed to identify a number of cultures or cultural features located within the Northern Zone complex. In addition to the Chaodaogou culture, they are also characteristic to the Lower Xiajiadian and Baijinbao cultures in the northeast; the Zhukaigou culture, together with mixed Shang and Northern Zone sites, in the north-central sector; and the Qijia, Xindian, and Siwa cultures in the northwestern portion, including the present-day Gansu and Ningxia provinces.

</doc>
<doc id="31144272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144272" title="Lycée de Garçons Nouakchott">
Lycée de Garçons Nouakchott

Lycée de Garçons is a school located in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, opposite the headquarters of Air Mauritania and next (east) to the Radio Nationale headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="31144277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144277" title="Jamison Ernest">
Jamison Ernest

Jamison Ernest is from Bensonhurst, Brooklyn. He is best known for being a creator in the arts,music ,fashion, film and technology...Yellow Fever fashion label he also owns Brooklyn Beat Records, run under Warner Music Group. In 2004 Ernest had his first fashion show that was hosted by Francesa Versace, daughter of Donatella Versace. A high-end fashion label, Yellow Fever has attracted celebrity attention with Heidi Klum, Chanel Iman, the All American Rejects, Fall Out Boy, and Ryan Leslie fans of the brand.
After managing the group Burlap to Cashmere which led to the sale of half a million records, Ernest began his own band Yellow Fever with the debut album "I Was Here". He also appeared as a cab driver in the film "13", a remake of the film "13 Tzameti" featuring Mickey Rourke, 50 Cent and Ben Gazzara; which also featured the single "Cigarettes and Gasoline" from his debut album . Jamison was also one of many who opened nightclub Angels & Kings on April 30, 2007.
Vito Schnabel== References ==

</doc>
<doc id="31144280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144280" title="Union Eagle Ltd v Golden Achievement Ltd">
Union Eagle Ltd v Golden Achievement Ltd

Union Eagle Ltd v Golden Achievement Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKPC/1997/5.html UKPC 5 is an English contract law case, concerning the right to terminate performance of a contract.
Facts.
Union Eagle paid 10% of the HK$4.2m price for a Hong Kong flat as a deposit. Time was said to be ‘of the essence’. Completion was meant to be 5pm 30 September 1991, and clause 12 said failure to complete meant the deposit was forfeit and the agreement rescinded. They were 10 minutes late. Union Eagle sued for specific performance, arguing relying on such a legal right was unconscionable.
Advice.
Lord Hoffmann for the Privy Council advised that certainty was needed in the business world, particularly in a volatile market. Accordingly the contract's terms should be strictly enforced, and Union Eagle lost its deposit.

</doc>
<doc id="31144297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144297" title="Conops elegans">
Conops elegans

Conops elegans is a fly species in the genus "Conops" that can be found in Cyprus, France, and Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="31144306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144306" title="Dirk Gently (TV series)">
Dirk Gently (TV series)

Dirk Gently is a British comedy detective drama TV series based on characters from the "Dirk Gently" novels by Douglas Adams. The series was created by Howard Overman and stars Stephen Mangan as holistic detective Dirk Gently and Darren Boyd as his sidekick Richard MacDuff. Recurring actors include Helen Baxendale as MacDuff's girlfriend Susan Harmison, Jason Watkins as Dirk's nemesis DI Gilks and Lisa Jackson as Dirk's receptionist Janice Pearce. Unlike most detective series "Dirk Gently" features broadly comic touches and even some science fiction themes such as time travel and artificial intelligence.
Dirk Gently operates his Holistic Detective Agency based on the "fundamental interconnectedness of all things", which relies on random chance methods to uncover connections between seemingly-unrelated cases. He claims that he follows the principles of quantum mechanics, and although the majority of his clients suspect he may be a conman he often produces surprising results. With the help of his assistant, Richard MacDuff, Dirk investigates a number of seemingly unrelated but interconnected cases.
An hour-long pilot episode loosely based on plot elements from Adams' 1987 novel "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency" was broadcast on BBC Four on 16 December 2010 and was watched by 1.1 million viewers. Critical reception was generally positive. A full series of three one-hour episodes was subsequently commissioned in March 2011 and was broadcast on BBC Four in March 2012. The series was the first continuing drama series produced for the digital channel.
The series was produced by ITV Studios and The Welded Tandem Picture Company for BBC Cymru Wales and shot in Bristol. The pilot was written by Howard Overman and directed by Damon Thomas. The full series was written by Overman, Matt Jones and Jamie Mathieson and directed by Tom Shankland. The series along with the pilot episode was released on DVD on 26 March 2012 by ITV Studios Home Entertainment. An original television soundtrack album featuring music from the series composed by Daniel Pemberton was released by 1812 Recordings on 5 March 2012.
The show was not given a second series. On the 28th of May 2012, Stephen Mangan wrote on Twitter: "It gives me no pleasure whatsoever to report that the BBC have decided not to make any more "Dirk Gently"."
Production.
Background.
The novel "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency" has its origins in the incomplete 1979 "Doctor Who" television serial "Shada", featuring Tom Baker as the Fourth Doctor. Location filming in Cambridge had been completed, but a studio technicians' dispute at the BBC meant that studio segments were not completed, and the serial was never transmitted.
As a result of the serial's cancellation, Adams reused a number of ideas from this script and his other "Doctor Who" scripts as the basis for a new novel, "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency", published in 1987. Adams published another, "The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul" in 1988 and at the time of his death in 2001 was working on a third installment to be titled "The Salmon of Doubt", fragments of which were published posthumously. Each novel features new characters and scenarios, although Dirk (real name Svlad Cjelli), his "ex-secretary" Janice Pearce and Sergeant, later Inspector, Gilks recur in each.
The first Gently novel had previously been adapted into a stage play, "Dirk" and a BBC Radio 4 series by Above the Title Productions which was first broadcast in October 2007 and featured comedian Harry Enfield in the title role. According to James Donaghy, Douglas Adams was frustrated that his Dirk Gently novels were never adapted for the screen.
Announcement.
During Hitchcon - a "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" convention - Ed Victor, a literary agent who represents Adams's estate announced that a television adaptation of "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency" was in production. Stephen Mangan was announced to be playing Gently, with Darren Boyd as MacDuff and Helen Baxendale as Susan. It is the first television adaptation of Adams' "Dirk Gently" series, although characters from the books had appeared in a 1992 episode of "The South Bank Show".
Shooting on the pilot commenced early in October 2010 in Bristol. The director was Damon Thomas and the producer was Chris Carey. Although it was commissioned by the BBC, it was produced by ITV Studios with The Welded Tandem Picture Company. The pilot was first broadcast on BBC Four on 16 December 2010 and was repeated a number of times during the next month.
The pilot gained a commission on 31 March 2011 for a three-part series of one hour-long episodes broadcast on BBC Four in March 2012. The series is the first continuing drama series commissioned by BBC Four.
Adaptation.
The screenplay of the pilot by Howard Overman is not a direct adaptation of the novel, but uses certain characters and situations from the novel to form the basis of a new drama centred around Dirk. Speaking about his interpretation, Howard Overman stated in an interview with Benji Wilson "I'm not even going to try to adapt the book: you can't adapt this story. Especially not on a BBC Four budget. We made the deliberate decision not to do a straight translation of the books. If we'd done that the fans would have felt badly let down, because you can never portray that world on the screen as well as it's been done in people's own imaginations...If you just do a straight adaptation like "The Hitchhiker's Guide" film, people are always going to be quite brutal about it because it's never going to live up to their expectations."
Stephen Mangan, writing a BBC blog on the programme stated "In my opinion, "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency" and "The Long Dark Tea-Time Of The Soul" are unfilmable as written...too much happens, there are too many ideas".
The pilot concentrates on two relatively minor plot strands in "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency": the disappearance of a cat, and the simultaneous disappearance of Billionaire Gordon Way. Although time travel is involved in the solution, the novel's entire St Cedd's College / Electric Monk / Coleridge strand is omitted, although key words relating to these elements do appear on Dirk's whiteboard when it is first seen, though they are never subsequently referred to. Other elements from the book, such as the trapped sofa, are also absent and the setting is updated to 2010, with email and voicemail replacing the answering machine messages in the book. There are changes to the characters too, one notable one being that Susan is Gordon's ex-girlfriend rather than his sister.
Several additional elements from Adams's novels, in particular St Cedd's College, were later to appear in the full series. Interviewed about the series, Stephen Mangan noted that "All three episodes are very different in tone and you get a different Dirk with each one...He's on the run from the police in one of them and in another there's a bit of romance in the air, which for Dirk is a surprise because he's probably the most asexual character on TV... There seems to be a vogue for dark, realistic, gritty detective series, apart from perhaps "Sherlock". Dirk has so much humour in it. How many other detectives mix detection with quantum mechanics or drive a 30-year-old brown Austin Leyland Princess?"
Each episode of series one was written by different writers, who are mostly known for their contributions to science fiction and fantasy programmes; series creator Howard Overman also created "Misfits" and has written for "Merlin", Matt Jones has previously written the "Doctor Who" stories "The Impossible Planet"/"The Satan Pit" and Jamie Matheson wrote the film "Frequently Asked Questions About Time Travel" and has written scripts for "Being Human".
Cast.
Stephen Mangan, best known for his role in the television series "Green Wing", and subsequently "Episodes", was cast in the main role as holistic detective Dirk Gently. Mangan already knew the novel and the author's works, stating in a press release "I've been a fan of Douglas Adams ever since the Hitchhiker's radio series which I used to record as a child and listen to over and over again in my bedroom. It's such a thrill to now be playing one of his brilliant characters. Dirk is a chaotic, anarchic force of nature with a totally unique take on the world. He is described as 'lazy, untidy, dismissive and unreliable'. I've absolutely no idea why they thought I'd be right for the role." Cast alongside him were Darren Boyd and Helen Baxendale, both of whom had previously worked with Mangan in "Green Wing" and "" respectively.
Darren Boyd and Helen Baxendale returned for the full series, with the character of Richard MacDuff becoming Dirk's "partner/assistant" for each of the episodes. Other regular cast members are Jason Watkins as Detective Inspector Gilks and Lisa Jackson as Dirk's secretary Janice Pearce.
The programme pilot featured appearances from Doreen Mantle, Anthony Howell, Miles Richardson, Billy Boyle. Episode one saw guest appearances by Paul Ritter, Cosima Shaw, Ken Collard, Colin McFarlane and Miranda Raison. Episode two featured roles for Bill Paterson, Sylvestra Le Touzel, Lydia Wilson, Andrew Leung, Will Sharpe and Bethan Hanks. Episode three features Lisa Dillon and Tony Pitts.
Filming.
Although the series is set in the London boroughs of Camden Town and Islington, the series was shot entirely in Bristol. Areas and buildings featured in the programme included the Guildhall, the Bottle Yard, St Thomas Street and the Greenbank area. The second series episode also featured extensive filming around the University of Bristol, with Wills Hall doubling as the fictional Cambridge College St. Cedd's.
The production's location manager, Rob Champion, noted that each location had to be chosen carefully to avoid featured giveaway clues to Bristol, in particular any building made of the local building material, limestone. He noted that "Episode 2 was the greatest challenge as it included two days material in a robotic laboratory. Bristol has such a thing...a joint venture between the two universities, with a very helpful professor, but its landlord was an American corporation with the most unimaginably anal restrictions on access. They basically didn't want us there and took the best part of two weeks to say so...We eventually settled upon a brand new building at the Bristol-Bath Science Park where they could not have been more helpful. All this on a BBC4 budget."
Music.
The series's soundtrack was composed by Daniel Pemberton. In creating the distinctive sound for the main titles and incidental music, Pemberton made use of a Marxophone, a zither which is a cross between a hammered dulcimer and a piano. These instruments were produced in America between 1927 to 1972. The soundtrack also mixes in a harpsichord, synth, bass guitar and drums. A soundtrack album featuring music from the series was released by 1812 Recordings on 5 March 2012.
Plot.
Dirk Gently (real name Svlad Cjelli) operates a Holistic Detective Agency based on the "fundamental interconnectedness of all things". To solve cases, Dirk relies on random chance methods for example "Zen navigation" (following people or vehicles who look like they know where they are going, in the hope that they will lead somewhere you want to be) or throwing a dart at a board of words to select the direction of his detection. By following up on apparently random occurrences and whims, Dirk discovers connections between seemingly unrelated cases and often produces surprising results. He claims that he follows the principles of quantum mechanics (although it is implied when he speaks to an expert in these fields that he doesn't really understand them); most people suspect he is just a conman and he rarely gets paid by clients and is therefore in almost permanent financial difficulty.
In the pilot episode, Dirk bumps into a former university friend, Richard MacDuff, who has been made redundant from a job at an electricity board, and takes on a case for him. During the course of his investigation, Dirk hypnotises MacDuff and persuades him into investing his £20,000 redundancy money in his failing detective agency. MacDuff therefore becomes Dirk's partner in the business and "assistant" on investigations. Richard MacDuff's girlfriend, Dr Susan Harmison, was also at university with the pair and is deeply sceptical about Dirk's abilities. Also present at the Agency is Dirk's receptionist Janice Pearce, whom Dirk has not paid for years and who therefore refuses to do any work.
Reception.
Pilot.
The pilot episode gained 1.1m viewers (3.9% share) on BBC Four, which was over three times the channel's slot average. Critical reception for the pilot was largely positive. Several mentioned that it was only a loose adaptation of the novel, although the general consensus was that the essence of the original was maintained. Sam Wollaston in "The Guardian" stated "Coming to it fresh, it's a neat story about aforementioned missing cat and time travel, with a smattering of quantum physics and the fundamental connectedness of things. With a lovely performance from Doreen Mantle as the old lady/murderer. Stephen Mangan's good in the title role, too – a teeny bit irritating perhaps, but then Mangan is a teeny bit irritating. So is Dirk Gently, though – it's perfect. Funny too. Quite funny." James Donaghy, also writing in "The Guardian" stated "Personally I hope Dirk Gently gets made into a full series. The programme shows promising glimpses, has a strong cast and Misfits already proves Overman can write. And a BBC4 adaptation feels like a good fit – Gently being exactly the kind of playground-of-the-imagination curio the BBC made its name indulging."
"The Independent" published two reviews. Alice-Azania Jarvis was extremely positive, writing "...there wasn't very much you could fault about the production at all. Right down to the quirky camerawork and youthful, poppy soundtrack (who would have thought the Hoosiers could be so right in any situation?), the director, Damon Thomas, got it pretty spot-on. The result was a pleasingly festive-feeling adventure; part "Wallace & Gromit", part "Doctor Who", part "The Secret Seven". And the best thing? There wasn't a Christmas tree in sight. Douglas Adams once claimed that Gently would make a better film character than his more famous hero, Arthur Dent. Based on last night's experience, he may well have been right." John Walsh's review for "The Independent" was cooler about the adaptation, although he praised Mangan's performance: "Given the talent and style on display, it should have been a scream. In fact it all seemed a little moth-eaten. Though set in the modern day, it was staggeringly old-fashioned...You could overlook these faults, however, for the joy of Stephen Mangan's performance as the titular gumshoe. With his alarmed-spaniel eyes and jutting-jawed stroppiness, his geography teacher elbow-patches and Medusan hair, he radiates mess...His ineptness as a sleuth provided some fine comic moments.
Paul Whitelaw in "Metro" was also positive, although he noted "At times it felt forced, with a sense of trying slightly too hard when a touch more subtlety would have brought out the essential Adamsian eccentricity." Dan Owen of "Obsessed with Film" noted that the adaptation played with the idea of inexplicable situations: "Purists may grumble this isn't the Dirk Gently they wanted to see, but it's more accessible and practicable. And while Dirk Gently is certainly another gimmicky detective series (yawn), its details are unique and engrossing enough to shrug off the genre's clichés. In some ways it's a pastiche of whodunits, taking the genre's often tenuous explanations to an outrageous extreme."
Paul Whitelaw in "The Scotsman" noted that "Although Adams's more ambitious concepts are sidelined in favour of a more prosaic - if nonetheless enjoyable - sci-fi mystery, Overman captures at least some of the wit and whimsy of his distinctive comic voice" going on to suggest "This modestly-budgeted pilot suggests potential for a series, so the deviation from Adams's originals makes sense. It also adds yet another very British oddball to the pantheon currently occupied by "Doctor Who" and "Sherlock"."
Series One.
Critical opinion to the full series was mildly positive. The adaptation from the Adams' novels was the focus of several reviews. Jane Simon, writing in "The Mirror" stated "It's just a shame creator Douglas Adams isn't around to see how Howard Overman has ­transferred Dirk to the screen. He'd definitely approve. Mark Braxton in the "Radio Times" likewise agreed that "Overman has plucked the comic essence of Adams from his novel...and worked it into a digestible, enjoyably eccentric format."
Stuart Jeffries in "The Guardian", meanwhile, found a comparison between the tone of the series and 1960s spy/detective capers; "Never since "The Avengers" has there been anything so unremittingly silly on British television as "Dirk Gently"...Dainty harpsichord music tells us we're back in an era of TV misrule, in whose glory days John Steed, Mrs Peel and "Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased)" played fast and loose with viewers' intelligences."
AA Gill, who had previously expressed a dislike for the source novel when discussing the pilot episode was less complementary, writing in the "Sunday Times" on 11 March 2012 "Who'd have guessed that this would ever get recommissioned?...It has to get a nomination as the greatest waste of the most talent for the least visible purpose or reward." Others critics complained that the series was not an exact adaptation of the novels. Nigel Farndale in "The Telegraph" stated "I struggled with "Dirk Gently"...It had nothing to do with Stephen Mangan's considerable comedic talents, still less with Darren Boyd who plays MacDuff, the Dr Watson to Dirk's Holmes. It is more to do with my devotion to Douglas Adams, upon whose comic novel this series is based...in Douglas Adams, 90 per cent of the pleasure is in the prose, the narration, the felicities of language."
Tom Sutcliffe in "The Independent" felt that the programme's qualities were "spread a little too thinly over a nonsensical thriller plot' and that "laughs... were far too widely spaced in a script that could have done with a lot more editing."
Several critics compared the production with the big-budget BBC One detective series "Sherlock", the second series of which was broadcast in January 2012. Writing in "Metro", Keith Watson said "There's no doubt "Sherlock" has raised the detecting duo bar on TV...it's more than a match for "Sherlock" on the dialogue front, neatly catching the surreal humour that was the Adams trademark...but there was no disguising the fact that "Dirk Gently" was a five-star script being filmed on a one-star budget, making it look like a designer label knockoff when set against the production values lavished on "Sherlock"."
The first episode had 737,000 viewers and a 3% audience share. Series one, including the pilot episode, was released on DVD on 26 March 2012 by ITV Studios Home Entertainment.
Cancellation.
It was announced on 28 May 2012 that no further episodes had been commissioned. Stephen Mangan wrote on Twitter: "It gives me no pleasure whatsoever to report that the BBC have decided not to make any more "Dirk Gently"." An article in the "Metro" noted that after Mangan's tweet, the show quickly became one of the top trending topics in the UK and an online petition was set up opposing the decision. A BBC spokesman stated that as a result of the cuts initiated by the "Delivering Quality First" process, BBC Four is concentrating funds on purchasing imported shows: "We've loved having "Dirk" on the channel but the licence fee freeze means less British drama on BBC Four...In future we will focus on the best dramas from around the globe, like "The Killing" and "Borgen", whilst BBC One and BBC Two become the main homes of original British drama."

</doc>
<doc id="31144307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144307" title="Radio Nationale (Mauritania)">
Radio Nationale (Mauritania)

Radio Nationale is the national radio of Mauritania. Its headquarters are based in Nouakchott, Mauritania, located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, opposite the Wilaya de Nouakchott headquarters and adjacent (west) to the Lycée de Garçons Nouakchott.

</doc>
<doc id="31144315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144315" title="Peace 586">
Peace 586

Peace 586 is an American Christian hip-hop producer and MC whose career has spanned the period from the 1980s to the present. A beatmaker who also has rapped, he's made a mark with his signature, sample-based production style and down-to-earth lyrical content—best known for expressing his Christian faith as it relates to life here now, as well as that to be gained. His name is derived from the month and year that he became a Christian: May 1986.
Music career.
Overview.
Peace 586 was first known as "MC Peace" in the late 80s, while recording with J.C. and the Boyz. Freedom of Soul was formed later—a partnership with DJ Cartoon (Victor Everett) that resulted in two albums ("Caught in a Land of Time" and "The 2nd Comin"') and considerable attention in the early 90s. The development of Freedom of Soul’s fan base was helped by affiliation with other popular Christian hip-hop artists at the time, including SFC (Soldiers for Christ), Dynamic Twins, and I.D.O.L. King. Peace would eventually follow other pursuits in the mid-90s, making way for more collaboration with MCs Theory & Jurny of LPG, producing their landmark album "The Earthworm" (1994), and becoming a member of the Tunnel Rats crew.
From that time on he produced for the Tunnel Rats, along with his own solo projects starting with "The Risen Son" (1996). After a number of years, a new album was released on Sphereofhiphop (and later re-released on Uprok Records), simply titled "586" (2001). A markedly less-collaborative effort than his initial solo offering, which heavily featured the Tunnel Rats, "586" is said to have been largely produced and recorded in five days—an impressive feat to yield any collection of substantial songs. "Generations" (2003) was thought to be a retirement album from rap, and saw a reunion with musical peers from early on. 2009’s re-entry album "heAr" (2009) marked a significant turn in his artistry, as it was the first in a series of instrumental beat tapes to feature guest vocals by other MCs, with no rhymes from the artist himself. 2010 saw the release of "heAr"’s successor, "aBle". "aBle" featured two songs ("The Battery" and "Children") that were indicative of a new recording project to be officially announced in February 2011, with Peace 586 on the beats and Jurny Big on the rhymes—together known as The Battery.
Collaborators.
Peace has worked and/or collaborated with many artists throughout his career. Among those are Ahmad (4th Avenue Jones’), Anointed (produced by Mario Winans), Ajax Starglider, Brainwash Projects, B-Twice, Clever MC, Crystal Lewis, Dert, Dynamic Twins, Gene Eugene, Freestyle Fellowship, Future Shock, I.D.O.L. King, The Innernationals, Jon Gibson, Jurny Big, LPG, Mass Reality, New Breed, P.I.D., Pigeon John, Propaganda, Raphi, Remnant, Saturday Night Freestyle, Sev Statik, SFC, Sir Rocdomz, Sojourn, Soup the Chemist, T-Bone, and Zane.

</doc>
<doc id="31144321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144321" title="Charles F. Ranzow and Sons Building">
Charles F. Ranzow and Sons Building

The Charles F. Ranzow and Sons Building is an historic building located on Lot 1, Block 18 of the original town of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It is part of the West Third Street Historic District, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The building was individually listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 2000.
History.
Charles F. Ranzow owned the site by 1864 when he built a building on the site. The Sanborn Fire Insurance maps of 1886, 1892 and 1910 suggest the western two-thirds of the building were constructed by 1886 and the eastern third of the building was built between 1892 and 1910. The Ranzow Paint Company occupied the site for over 100 years. Wallpaper, paints and oils were sold in the western section, and the eastern part functioned as a sash and door warehouse. The building currently houses the "River Cities' Reader" and AdMospheres, an advertising agency.
Architecture.
The building is a two-story free standing brick structure with a brick foundation. It features an overhanging bracketed metal cornice and a centralized broken pediment above. The windows on the second floor have stone lintels with keystones. The two original storefronts are indicated by iron columns. Access to the second floor is located between the two storefronts. The different coloration of the brick on the main façade of the building differentiates the two sections of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="31144347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144347" title="Elementfour">
Elementfour

Elementfour (variants Element Four and Element 4) was a music producing duo made up of Paul Oakenfold and Andy Gray. They collaborated in writing and producing the tune as a theme song for "Big Brother". The single entitled "Big Brother UK TV Theme" became a hit in August and September 2000 reaching #4 on the UK British Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31144352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144352" title="École d'Application">
École d'Application

École d'Application is a school located in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located adjacent (south) to the Lycée de Garçons Nouakchott, sandwiched between that and the Stade de la Capitale.

</doc>
<doc id="31144393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144393" title="Bite-about Pele">
Bite-about Pele

Bite-about is a very ruined pele tower or bastle house. It is situated in the parish of Eccles, between the villages of Fogo and Swinton to the south of Duns, Berwickshire, Scotland.
The building dates from the 16th century, and is still a property of the Trotter family. It received its unusual name during a besiegement by the English, whereby the inhabitants shared their rations a bite a time.

</doc>
<doc id="31144408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144408" title="Stade Cheikha Ould Boïdiya">
Stade Cheikha Ould Boïdiya

Stade Cheikha Ould Boïdiya is a football stadium located in Nouakchott, Mauritania which has a capacity of 1,000 spectators. It is located adjacent (south) to the École d'Application, opposite Maison de Jeunes to the west and Lycée d'Arabe to the south. A racing club with a swimming pool and four tennis courts is also located in the complex. The stadium was named Stade de la Capitale on past.

</doc>
<doc id="31144412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144412" title="Midras uncleanness">
Midras uncleanness

The term "midras" uncleanness () or pressure uncleanness is used for uncleanness transmitted by either an object or person in Judaism. 
In terms of ritual purity in Judaism a "midras" (lit. "trampled on" object) is a Hebrew term used to denote an object that can be a carrier of ritual impurity. Common objects that could potentially become unclean, and become a such "midras" object, include a chair, sofa, mattress, and rug. Once a person becomes unclean, he or she is categorized as a "father of uncleanliness".
Hebrew Bible.
The general concept of a "midras", an object becoming a carrier for uncleanliness, is brought in the book of Leviticus, though the following verse does not employ the Hebrew term "midras";
Becoming unclean.
According to Maimonides on Zavim 4:4, the "midras" object becomes unclean by a person who is a "father of uncleanliness" (such as a man with a seminal emission a woman in the middle of menstruation) putting most of their body weight in one (or more) of five ways on the "midras";
Transmitting uncleanliness.
Once the "midras" becomes unclean, it transmits uncleanliness to clean persons or objects by one of seven ways;
The person or object who becomes unclean via the "midras" is categorized as a "Rishon L'Tumah."
Purification.
The purification of the "midras" object is accomplished by immersing the object in a bath (before sunset), and the subsequent elapse of sunset.
Disqualified objects.
Objects that are not subject to becoming unclean as "midras" include;

</doc>
<doc id="31144415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144415" title="Kingsmead, Bath">
Kingsmead, Bath

Kingsmead is a largely residential electoral ward within Bath, England.
Kingsmead is rarely used as the name of an area of Bath, and is primarily used just for electoral purposes within the Bath and North East Somerset unitary authority, electing two councillors. Kingsmead stretches about westward from the western edge of the city centre, straddling the A4 road north of the River Avon. The ward is separated by the large Royal Victoria Park into a near city centre eastern end, and a western residential end sometimes called "Lower Weston".
"St Andrew's Church of England Primary School" is located in the north-east corner of the ward.
Residents in the western end of the ward often use the facilities, such as schools, of the neighbouring Newbridge and Weston wards, and associate themselves with these localities. The Chelsea Road shopping area, normally considered as the Newbridge shops, is part of the ward's western boundary so half of these shops are within Kingsmead ward. The eastern industrial units of Locksbrook are also within the ward.
The closed Mangotsfield and Bath Branch Line formerly ran through the ward from Bath Green Park railway station, now a shopping area, through Weston (Bath) railway station in the west of the ward. The Bristol & Bath Railway Path runs through the ward, but on the River Avon path rather than the old railway track which has been developed on within the city.
The electoral wards surrounding the ward are: Newbridge to the west, Weston and Lansdown to the north, Abbey to the east, and Widcombe and Westmoreland to the south over the River Avon.
Notable places.
Notable places within the ward, from east to west, are:

</doc>
<doc id="31144416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144416" title="Ambagan">
Ambagan

Ambagan railway colony is under the thana, Khulshi. It is situated in Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Summary.
The name of Ambagan is derived from the profession that is trade-based. Ambagan is a name like many others that are known to have originated from religious texts that include: the Quran, the Bible, and the Bhagavadgītā. The name may have the meaning of a shortened version of a phrase that comes from religious text.

</doc>
<doc id="31144428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144428" title="Sun Group">
Sun Group

Sun Group is an Indian conglomerate group, based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. The group was founded by Indian billionaire Kalanithi Maran and his family members including his wife Kaveri Maran. In a short span, Sun Group's Sun TV Network became one of the largest media networks of India. It also entered the aviation business with Spicejet and owns Indian IPL cricket team Sunrisers Hyderabad.
Sun Group is divided in two holdings: "Kal Media Services Pvt. Ltd." and "Kal Airways Pvt. Ltd.". While Kal Media Services manages the TV, Radio, Newspaper and Magazine business, Kal Airways focuses on the development of its airline Spicejet.
Divisions.
Kal Media Services Pvt. Ltd.
Kal Airways Pvt. Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="31144433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144433" title="Cunninghamella elegans">
Cunninghamella elegans

Cunninghamella elegans is a species of fungus in the genus "Cunninghamella" found in soil.
It can be grown in Sabouraud dextrose broth, a liquid medium used for cultivation of yeasts and molds from liquid which are normally sterile.
As opposed to "C. bertholletiae", it is not a human pathogen, with the exception of two documented patients.
Description.
"C. elegans" is a filamentous fungus that produces purely gray colonies. 
Electron microscopy studies show that the conidia are covered with spines.
Use as a fungal organism capable of xenobiotics metabolism.
"Cunninghamella elegans" is able to degrade xenobiotics. It has a variety of enzymes of phases I (modification enzymes acting to introduce reactive and polar groups into their substrates) and II (conjugation enzymes) of the xenobiotic metabolism, as do mammals. 
Cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, aryl sulfotransferase, glutathione S-transferase, UDP-glucuronosyltransferase, UDP-glucosyltransferase activities have been detected in cytosolic or microsomal fractions. 
Cytochrome P-450 and cytochrome P-450 reductase in "C. elegans" are part of the phase I enzymes. They are induced by the corticosteroid cortexolone and by phenanthrene. "C. elegans" also possesses a lanosterol 14-alpha demethylase, another enzyme in the cytochrome P450 family.
"C. elegans" also possesses a glutathione S-transferase.
Use as a fungal model organism of mammalian drug metabolism.
"Cunninghamella elegans" is a microbial model of mammalian drug metabolism. The use of this fungus could reduce the over-all need for laboratory animals.
"C. elegans" is able to transform the tricyclic antidepressants amitriptyline and doxepin, the tetracyclic antidepressant mirtazapine, the muscle relaxant cyclobenzaprine, the typical antipsychotic chlorpromazine as well as the antihistamine and anticholinergic methdilazine and azatadine. It is also able to transform the antihistamines brompheniramine, chlorpheniramine and pheniramine.
It forms a glucoside with the diuretic furosemide.
The transformation of oral contraceptive mestranol by "C. elegans" yields two hydroxylated metabolites, 6beta-hydroxymestranol and 6beta,12beta-dihydroxymestranol.
Metabolism of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The phase I cytochrome P450 enzyme systems of "C. elegans" has been implicated in the neutralization of numerous polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). 
It can degrade molecules such as anthracene, 7-methylbenzand 7-hydroxymethylbenz[aanthracene, phenanthrene, acenaphthene, 1- and 2-methylnaphthalene, naphthalene, fluorene or benzo(a)pyrene.
In the case of phenanthrene, "C. elegans" produces a glucoside conjugate of 1-hydroxyphenanthrene (phenanthrene 1-O-beta-glucose).
Metabolism of pesticides.
"C. elegans" is also able to degrade the herbicides alachlor, metolachlor and isoproturon as well as the fungicide mepanipyrim.
Metabolism of phenolics.
"Cunninghamella elegans" can be used to study the metabolism of phenols. This type of molecules already have reactive and polar groups comprised within their structure therefore phases I enzymes are less active than phase II (conjugation) enzymes.
Metabolism of flavonoids.
In flavonols, an hydroxyl group is available in the 3- position allowing the glycosylation at that position. The biotransformation of quercetin yields three metabolites, including quercetin 3-O-β-D-glucopyranoside, kaempferol 3-O-β-D-glucopyranoside and isorhamnetin 3-O-β-D-glucopyranoside. Glucosylation and O-methylation are involved in the process. 
In flavones, there is no hydroxyl group available at the 3- position. Conjugation, in the form of sulfation occurs at the 7- or 4'- positions. Apigenin and chrysin are also transformed by "C. elegans" and produce apigenin 7-sulfate, apigenin 7,4′-disulfate, chrysin 7-sulfate. 
<br>Sulfation also occurs on naringenin and produces naringenin-7-sulfate. 
Glucosylation may nevertheless occur but in 3'- position, as happens during the microbial transformation of psiadiarabin and its 6-desmethoxy analogue, 5,3′ dihydroxy-7,2′,4′,5′-tetramethoxyflavone, by "Cunninghamella elegans" NRRL 1392 that gives the 3′-glucoside conjugates of the two flavones.
As in flavones, there is no hydroxyl groups available at the 3- position for glycosylation in flavanones. Therefore, sulfation occurs at the 7- position. In compounds like 7-methoxylated flavanones like 7-O-methylnaringenin (sakuranetin), demethylation followed by sulfation occur.
Metabolism of synthetic phenolics.
It is also able to degrade synthetic phenolic compounds like bisphenol A.
Metabolism of heterocyclic organic compounds.
"C. elegans" can transform the nitrogen containing compound phthalazine It is also able to oxidize the organosulfur compound dibenzothiophene.
Uses in biotechnology.
Methods for efficient "C. elegans" genomic DNA isolation and transformation have been developed.
The cytochrome P450 of "C. elegans" has been cloned in "Escherichia coli" as well as an enolase.
Use in bioconversion.
Techniques employed.
"Cunninghamella elegans" can be grown in stirred tank batch bioreactor. Protoplasts cultures have been used.
Examples of uses.
"C. elegans" can be used for phenanthrene bioconversion or for steroid transformation. It has been used to produce isoapocodeine from 10,11-dimethoxyaporphine, triptoquinone from the synthetic abietane diterpene triptophenolide or for the rational and economical bioconversion of antimalarial drug artemisinin to 7beta-hydroxyartemisinin.
Environmental biotechnology.
"Cunninghamella elegans" has been used in environmental biotechnology for the treatment of textile wastewaters, for instance those discoloured by azo dyes or malachite green.
Chitin and chitosan isolated from "C. elegans" can be used for heavy metal biosorption. Production can be made on yam bean ("Pachyrhizus erosus" L. Urban) medium.
Strains.
"Cunninghamella elegans" ATCC 9245
<br>"Cunninghamella elegans" ATCC 36112
<br>"Cunninghamella elegans" IFM 46109
<br>"Cunninghamella elegans" UCP 542

</doc>
<doc id="31144452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144452" title="Career of Nikos Dyzma">
Career of Nikos Dyzma

"Career of Nikos Dyzma" (also known as Kariera Nikosia Dyzmy in Polish) is a 2002 Polish film directed by Jack Bromski.
Awards.
year: 2003
Type: appointment
Award: Eagle
Category: Best Costume Design (Margaret Braszka)
year: 2003
Type: appointment
Award: Golden Duck
Category: Best Polish actress (Anna Przybylska)
year: 2002
Type: appointment
Award: Golden Lions
Category: Participation in the main competition (Jacek Bromski)
Other Information.
Period Picture: October 10 - November 21, 2001. 
Landscapes: Pabianice (Lutheran Cemetery), Lodz (Poznanski Palace Street. Ogrodowa, ul. Marathon, rector Film School - Film Walewska senator's office, the rector of the Academy of Medicine - a film cabinet minister Jaszuńskiego, home of "Polonia", Al. Mickiewicza - film study Kilińskiego, a hypermarket M1, Poniatowski Park, st. Wolczanska requested to fill at the hospital), Wola, near Lodz Błędowska (golf course), Leśmierz (refinery), Warsaw, Gdynia (port).
Gala premiere took place March 7, 2002 in Lodz, in the cinema "Baltic" and the March 14, 2002 in Warsaw at the cinema 'Cinematheque. "
In 2002, the film received an award of the Association "Polish Cinemas - Golden Ticket for a fourth place ranking in the audience.
The film can be confused with the Polish comedy of manners in 1956 under the title "Nicodemus Dyzma"
The film can be confused with the Polish soap opera from 1980, which is a soap opera costume and satire titled "The Career of Nicodemus Dyzma"
Sound: Janusz Bouillon and Michael Kosterkiewicz

</doc>
<doc id="31144455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144455" title="Julia Langdon">
Julia Langdon

Julia Langdon (born c.1946) is a British journalist and writer.
A political journalist since 1971, she became a lobby correspondent in 1974. Leaving "The Guardian" in 1984, she was appointed political editor of the "Daily Mirror" in 1984, the first woman to hold the position on a national newspaper in the UK. Later Langdon was political editor of "The Sunday Telegraph".
She has been a freelance writer since 1992, and has written a biography of the Labour politician Mo Mowlam (2000) and is writing a biography of former Prime Minister Gordon Brown. She has also worked as a broadcaster for the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="31144460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144460" title="35th Field Artillery Regiment">
35th Field Artillery Regiment

The 35th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/8 inches (2.86 cm) in height overall consisting of the shield and crest of the coat of arms. 
The shield is red with a diagonal band in gold, representative of Field Artillery and honorable service. The crest denotes courage and willingness to defend the country. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 35th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 April 1933. It was redesignated for the 517th Field Artillery Battalion on 15 August 1949. It was redesignated for the 35th Artillery Regiment on 4 November 1958. It was redesignated for the 35th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971.
Coat of arms.
Gules, a bend Or. 
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules, a demi-lion rampant Or. 
Motto
EN AVANT TOUJOURS (Forward Always). 
The shield is red with a diagonal band in gold, representative of Field Artillery and honorable service. 
The crest denotes courage and willingness to defend the country. 
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 35th Field Artillery Regiment on 24 September 1932. It was amended to correct the motto on 29 September 1932. It was redesignated for the 517th Field Artillery Battalion on 15 August 1949. It was redesignated for the 35th Artillery Regiment on 4 November 1958. It was redesignated for the 35th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31144461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144461" title="Andy Gray (musician)">
Andy Gray (musician)

Andy Gray is a British songwriter, composer, and record producer.
Discography.
Film scores.
 (“Gorilla”)

</doc>
<doc id="31144480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144480" title="John Greville Fennell">
John Greville Fennell

John Greville Fennell (1807–1885), was an artist, naturalist, and angler.
Fennell was born at sea between Ireland and England in 1807. He began his career as an artist by winning the silver medal offered by the Duke of Sussex for a drawing of Hercules, and afterwards was a student at Finden's house, where he was intimate with Hablot K. Browne, who was similarly employed. As a young man Fennell succeeded best in comic painting, but later in life was fonder of landscapes. In some of these, however, he was very careless, and was always unequal in his work. He drew pictures of the tournament at Eglinton Castle for the ‘Illustrated London News.’ His fondness for natural history displayed itself chiefly in observations on the habits of fish and waterside birds.
These he carried on simultaneously with the practice of angling, of which he was a devoted follower, especially in the River Thames. He was a member of the ‘Field’ staff from the commencement of that paper in 1853, and wrote week after week in it on fishing subjects; besides which he was a frequent contributor to the ‘Fishing Gazette’ and other sporting papers on angling and outdoor pursuits. He was author of ‘The Book of the Roach,’ 1870, an exhaustive treatise on angling for that fish; and contributed a paper called ‘Curiosities of Angling Literature’ to Mr. Cholmondeley Pennell's ‘Fishing Gossip,’ 1866. This is a discursive attempt at the humorous style in writing on angling topics, which was at that time fashionable. He also wrote ‘The Rail and the Rod,’ a meritorious guide book to the favourite angling resorts of the Thames.
Generous to a fault, and an excellent practical angler, Fennell was never so happy as when relating to a circle of friends reminiscences of Dickens, Thackeray, Douglas Jerrold, Mackay, and Harrison Ainsworth, with all of whom he had been on intimate terms. He lived long at Barnes, and late in life at Henley, at both of which places he was favourably situated for the pursuit of angling. At the latter town he died suddenly on 13 January 1885, in the seventy-eighth year of his age, and was buried in Trinity churchyard, not a hundred yards from the house in which he spent his last two years, under the appropriate epitaph, ‘The fishers also shall mourn, and all they that cast angle into the brooks shall lament’.

</doc>
<doc id="31144496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144496" title="John Fennell">
John Fennell

John Fennell (born May 28, 1995 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian luger who has competed since 2011. He competed for Canada in the first ever Youth Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria, where he finished 7th, and at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, finishing 27th.
He is the son of former Canadian Football League player Dave Fennell. 
In May 2014, several months after competing at Sochi, Fennell came out as gay.

</doc>
<doc id="31144510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144510" title="Liberty Legacy Foundation Award">
Liberty Legacy Foundation Award

The Liberty Legacy Foundation Award is an annual book award given by the Organization of American Historians (OAH). The award goes to the best book written by a professional historian on the fights for civil rights in the United States anytime from 1776 to the present. Dr. Darlene Clark Hine challenged American historians to research and write on those civil rights episodes taking place in the United States before 1954 in her 2002 OAH presidential speech. A committee of three OAH members, chosen by the OAH president, make the selection. The winner receives $800.00. In the Award’s first year (2003) a winner and six “Finalists” were named. In 2004, two winners were named. In 2006, one winner and one “Honorable Mention” were named. In 2008, one winner and two “Finalists” were named. 
In the table below, the link on the “Author” is to the latest biographical site found. The link on the “Affiliation” is the author’s workplace at the time of the award.

</doc>
<doc id="31144523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144523" title="Snowbears">
Snowbears

Snowbears may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31144542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144542" title="Gare de Salles-Courbatiès">
Gare de Salles-Courbatiès

Salles-Courbatiès is a railway station in Salles-Courbatiès, Midi-Pyrénées, France. The station is located on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Salles-Courbatiès:

</doc>
<doc id="31144553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144553" title="Lycée d'Arabe">
Lycée d'Arabe

Lycée d'Arabe is a school in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located opposite (south) to the Stade de la Capitale, (east) to College des Garçons and (north) to Institut Superieur des Etudes et Recherches Islamique.

</doc>
<doc id="31144562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144562" title="BVW">
BVW

BVW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31144563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144563" title="Gare de Villefranche-de-Rouergue">
Gare de Villefranche-de-Rouergue

Villefranche-de-Rouergue is a railway station in Villefranche-de-Rouergue, Midi-Pyrénées, France. The station is located on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Villefranche-de-Rouergue:

</doc>
<doc id="31144564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144564" title="David Griffiths (missionary)">
David Griffiths (missionary)

David Griffiths (20 December 1792 – 21 March 1863), was a Welsh Christian missionary and translator in Madagascar. He translated the Bible and other books into the Malagasy language. The Malagasy Bible of 1835 was among the first Bibles to be printed in an African language.
Life and work.
David Griffiths was born on 20 December 1792 at Glanmeilwch, Llangadog, Carmarthenshire, in south Wales. He was the son of William Griffith David and his wife Elizabeth. He became a member of the neighbouring Congregational church at Gwynfe in 1810, and soon after began to preach. He conducted a school of his own at Cwmaman in 1811-12; entered the college at Neuaddlwyd 1812, that at Wrexham 1814, and in 1817 or early in 1818 left Llanfyllin, whence the Wrexham College had been meanwhile removed, for the missionary college at Gosport.
He married Mary Griffiths in May 1820. In June the same year he was sent to Madagascar by the London Missionary Society, as colleague of the Rev. David Jones, who had gone out two years previously. On 27 July he was ordained at Gwynfe, and on 25 October sailed with his wife from London, reaching Mauritius on 23 January 1821, and soon afterwards proceeded to Madagascar. Griffiths and Jones founded the first Protestant mission in Madagascar. They preached twice every Sunday, and established day and night schools, his wife teaching the girls. In 1824, the schools in the capital numbered 300 scholars, and there were 32 other schools over the country, all of which he visited weekly. In 1825, many Malagasy were able to help the work in all its branches. Griffiths and Jones devised a Roman-letter alphabet for Malagasy; in 1827 a printing press was obtained, and the following year a catechism, a hymnal, and some schoolbooks were published in Malagasy, and the printing of the Gospel of St. Luke was begun.
In 1828 king Radama I of Madagascar, who had been a friend of the Christian missionaries, died at the age of 36. A period of confusion followed, and the mission's work was for a time interrupted. In 1830 night-schools, however, were opened for the lowest classes, and the work of the mission generally was continued with success. In 1831 the New Testament was published in Malagasy, and a large part of the Old Testament; the first Bible to be published in an African language. But in the same year the mission experienced many new difficulties. Although the Queen of Madagascar, Ranavalona I, was favourable to the work, her ministers were opposed to it, and the missionaries were ordered to leave. But this order was cancelled, and from 1832 to 1835 the mission was continued successfully.
In 1835, however, a fierce anti-Christian persecution arose, and the missionaries decided to leave. Griffiths preached his last sermon in the chapel on 22 February, and left the island in September 1835, reaching Britain in February 1836. At the end of two years he received an intimation from Ranavalona that he might return as a merchant but not as a missionary. He did so in May 1838. Persecution still raged throughout the island, and Griffiths was charged with having helped some Malagasy Christians to leave the country and was sentenced to death, a sentence afterwards commuted to payment of a fine. Griffiths' "Persecuted Christians of Madagascar" was published in London in 1841.
He returned to Britain in 1842, and settled as pastor of the congregational church at Hay-on-Wye, Brecknockshire, where he wrote "Hanes Madagascar" (). While at Hay-on-Wye, he formed a new congregation over the English border, at Kington, Herefordshire. About 1850, some hopes being raised of renewing the mission in Madagascar, the London Missionary Society asked Griffiths and Joseph John Freeman, the only missionaries then surviving, to revise the Malagasy translation of the Bible. J. J. Freeman soon died (1851), and the whole work devolved upon Griffiths, who spent some five years on it. In 1854, he wrote a Malagasy grammar (Woodbridge). Griffiths also wrote some catechisms, a hymn-book, and nine or ten original treatises. He also revised many works already translated, e.g. the 'Pilgrim's Progress,' the 'Whole Bible,' and dictionaries. In 1858 he moved to Machynlleth, where he busied himself in preparing for the press a grammar and other works in Malagasy.
He died on 21 March 1863 at Machynlleth, where he was buried.
He had eight children by his wife, who died at Swansea on 15 July 1883, aged 93. One of his daughters, Margaret Jane, married the missionary and translator, Griffith John, and worked with him in China until her death in 1873.
Further reading.
The archives of the London Missionary Society relating to Madagascar are conserved at the School of Oriental Studies in the University of London.
References.
Gwyn Campbell, "David Griffiths and the Missionary “History of Madagascar.”"Brill, 2012. ISBN 978-90-04-20980-0

</doc>
<doc id="31144571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144571" title="Gare de Najac">
Gare de Najac

Najac is a railway station in Najac, Midi-Pyrénées, France. The station is located on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Najac:

</doc>
<doc id="31144572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144572" title="Luigi di Canossa">
Luigi di Canossa

Luigi di Canossa SJ (April 20, 1809 – March 12, 1900) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Verona from 1861 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1877.
Biography.
Born in Verona, he was the son of marquess Bonifacio di Canossa and Francesca de' Castiglioni. In 1837 he entered in the Society of Jesus and was ordained priest in 1841. From 1847 he lived in Milan.
On January 1861, he was appointed Bishop of Verona by Pope Pius IX, who created him Cardinal-Priest of "San Marcello" in 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="31144579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144579" title="Institut Superieur des Etudes et Recherches Islamique">
Institut Superieur des Etudes et Recherches Islamique

Institut Superieur des Etudes et Recherches Islamique is a university and centre for Islamic research in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located adjacent (south) to the Lycée d'Arabe.

</doc>
<doc id="31144590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144590" title="Combretum rotundifolium">
Combretum rotundifolium

Combretum rotundifolium, the monkey brush or monkey brush vine, is a plant species in the genus "Combretum" found in South America.
"C. rotundifolium" contains acidic dammarane arabinofuranosides.

</doc>
<doc id="31144597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144597" title="College des Garçons">
College des Garçons

College des Garçons is a college in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located opposite (west) to the Lycée d'Arabe and east of the National Guard complex.

</doc>
<doc id="31144620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144620" title="National Guard (Mauritania)">
National Guard (Mauritania)

National Guard is the National Guard of Mauritania. It has its headquarters in Nouakchott, located opposite (west) to the College des Garçons. The National Guard of Mauritania cooperates closely with the National Locust Control Centre. The main job of the guard is patrolling remote desert areas, usually by camel. Based on the French model, the National Guard is "responsible for working with other police forces and security agencies, and maintaining and restoring public order."

</doc>
<doc id="31144630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144630" title="Edward Fenner">
Edward Fenner

Edward Fenner (died 1612) was an English judge.
Fenner was the son of John Fenner of Crawley, Sussex, by Ellen, daughter of Sir William Goring of Burton, was called to the bar at the Middle Temple, and was reader in the autumn of 1576. He was M.P. for Lewes in 1571 and Shoreham in 1572. He became a serjeant in Michaelmas term 1577, and enjoyed a large practice. He was appointed a judge of the king's bench on 26 May 1590, and was Justice of the Peace for Surrey. Though not a prominent member of the court, he was in the commission upon several state trials, and, before becoming a judge, was present as a justice of the peace at the trial of John Udall, January 1590. 
In 1593 he tried three witches in Huntingdonshire, and a pamphlet account of this trial was published. In January 1608 he received a grant of an annuity of 50 pounds during the time his services on circuit were discontinued. He died 23 January 1612, and was buried at Hayes, Middlesex. He had one son, Edward, who died without issue in 1615.

</doc>
<doc id="31144643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144643" title="William Keith Maxwell III">
William Keith Maxwell III

William Keith Maxwell III, generally known as Keith Maxwell, is the founder and CEO of Spark Energy, a Houston-based, independent, multistate certified retail energy and natural gas supplier. Maxwell founded Spark Energy, LP in 1999 in Houston, Texas, where he serves as CEO. Spark Energy is a retail electric provider (REP) and natural gas supplier operating in more than 40 deregulated utility areas in 16 states. Maxwell has been praised by many who say his greatest asset as a leader is his flexibility. He had Spark Energy focus on retail instead of wholesale as a new company. In 2006, Spark Energy became the first retail energy provider to offer self-enrollment through its website.
Career.
Maxwell studied economics at the University of Texas at Austin and graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Economics in 1987. He was a partner in Polaris Pipeline (founded 1988), which was sold to TECO Pipeline in 1994. In 1994, Maxwell co-founded Wickford Energy, an oil and gas services company that was sold to Black Hills Utilities in 1997.
In 2010, Maxwell was named the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year in the Energy, Chemicals and Mining category for the United States. Due to lack of liquidity in the international energy market, Maxwell's previous plans to expand Spark Energy to the United Kingdom and Canada have been postponed indefinitely.
Marlin Midstream, L.L.C., a midstream energy company founded by Maxwell, provides natural gas gathering, compression, dehydration, treating, processing, hydrocarbon dew point control, and marketing services to producers, marketers, and third party pipeline companies. Marlin Midstream, L.L.C. was formerly known as URS Field Services, LLC. The company was incorporated in 2002 and is based in Houston, Texas. Maxwell currently serves as president/CEO/ and chairman of the board. He took the company public in 2013; symbol FISH (NASDAQ).

</doc>
<doc id="31144665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144665" title="Ward's method">
Ward's method

In statistics, Ward's method is a criterion applied in hierarchical cluster analysis. Ward's minimum variance method is a special case of the objective function approach originally presented by Joe H. Ward, Jr. Ward suggested a general agglomerative hierarchical clustering procedure, where the criterion for choosing the pair of clusters to merge at each step is based on the optimal value of an objective function. This objective function could be "any function that reflects the investigator's purpose." Many of the standard clustering procedures are contained in this very general class. To illustrate the procedure, Ward used the example where the objective function is the error sum of squares, and this example is known as "Ward's method" or more precisely "Ward's minimum variance method".
The minimum variance criterion.
Ward's minimum variance criterion minimizes the total within-cluster variance. At each step the pair of clusters with minimum between-cluster distance are merged. To implement this method, at each step find the pair of clusters that leads to minimum increase in total within-cluster variance after merging. This increase is a weighted squared distance between cluster centers. At the initial step, all clusters are singletons (clusters containing a single point). To apply a recursive algorithm under this objective function, the initial distance between individual objects must be (proportional to) squared Euclidean distance. 
The initial cluster distances in Ward's minimum variance method are therefore defined to be the squared Euclidean distance between points:
Note: In software that implements Ward's method, it is important to check whether the function arguments should specify Euclidean distances or squared Euclidean distances. In the R function hclust, it is necessary to pass the squared Euclidean distances to obtain Ward's minimum variance method. For other methods provided by hclust (single, complete, etc.), Euclidean distances are required.
Lance–Williams algorithms.
Ward's minimum variance method can be defined and implemented recursively by a Lance–Williams algorithm. The Lance–Williams algorithms are an infinite family of agglomerative hierarchical clustering algorithms which are represented by a recursive formula for updating cluster distances at each step (each time a pair of clusters is merged). At each step, it is necessary to optimize the objective function (find the optimal pair of clusters to merge). The recursive formula simplifies finding the optimal pair.
Suppose that clusters formula_2 and formula_3 were next to be merged. At this point all of the current pairwise cluster distances are known. The recursive formula gives the updated cluster distances following the pending merge of clusters formula_2 and formula_3. Let
An algorithm belongs to the Lance-Williams family if the updated cluster distance formula_12 can be computed recursively by
where formula_17 and formula_18 are parameters, which may depend on cluster sizes, that together with the cluster distance function formula_6 determine the clustering algorithm. Several standard clustering algorithms such as single linkage, complete linkage, and group average method have a recursive formula of the above type. A table of parameters for standard methods is given by several authors.
Ward's minimum variance method can be implemented by the Lance–Williams formula. For disjoint clusters formula_20 and formula_11 with sizes formula_22 and formula_23 respectively:
Hence Ward's method can be implemented as a Lance–Williams algorithm with

</doc>
<doc id="31144668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144668" title="Gare de Laguépie">
Gare de Laguépie

Laguépie is a railway station in Laguépie, Midi-Pyrénées, France. The station is located on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Laguépie:

</doc>
<doc id="31144677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144677" title="Francis Fenwick">
Francis Fenwick

Francis Fenwick, D.D. (1645–1694), was an English Benedictine monk.
Fenwick was born in London in 1645, entered the convent of St. Edmund, Paris, where he was professed 1 November 1664. He was created a doctor of the Sorbonne, and afterwards elected prior of St. Edmund's in 1689. He was an eloquent preacher and in great repute with James II, who sent him as his agent to the court of Rome. Afterwards the general chapter of the order appointed him abbot-president of the college of St. Gregory at Rome. He died in that city on 30 October 1694, and was buried in the chapel of the English College.

</doc>
<doc id="31144679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144679" title="Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Men's relay">
Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Men's relay

The Men's relay of the Biathlon World Championships 2011 was held on March 11, 2011 at 14:00. 26 nations will participate.

</doc>
<doc id="31144682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144682" title="Hotel Mercure Marhaba">
Hotel Mercure Marhaba

Hotel Mercure Marhaba is a hotel in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, just west of the headquarters of the Wilaya de Nouakchott and Radio Nationale, and northeast of the National Museum of Mauritania.The hotel underwent a restoration in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="31144693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144693" title="Gil Hibben">
Gil Hibben

Gil Hibben (born September 4, 1935) is an American custom knifemaker from Wyoming who is based in La Grange, Kentucky. Hibben designed the first line of Browning hunting knives in 1968, the American Kenpo Knife for Ed Parker, and the Rambo Knife for the films "Rambo III" and "Rambo". Hibben's "Fantasy Knives" have been used in over 37 films and television shows, particularly science fiction, earning him the title "Klingon Armorer" from the "Star Trek" franchise. Hibben currently serves as a President of the Knifemakers' Guild, a post he has held for five years.
Early life.
Hibben was born in Wyoming in 1935. Unable to afford a Bowie knife at age 15, Hibben decided to make his own out of scrap metal and files. He did not make another knife until his discharge from the US Navy in 1956 when he took a job in Seattle, Washington as a machinist for Boeing Aircraft and started making knives in his spare time after he sold another handmade Bowie knife to a friend for $45.
Knifemaker.
In 1964, Hibben relocated to Sandy, Utah to become a full-time knifemaker. His blades were primarily 440C stainless steel and Hibben was the first knife maker to use that steel in his knives. While in Sandy, Hibben partnered with another knifemaker named Stuart Benedict and these knives were sold under the name "Ben-Hibben". The knives from this time period were fixed-blade Bowie knives, hunting knives, fishing knives and some early fighting knives. 
In 1965, Hibben left Sandy for Manti, Utah to open a larger facility where he operated as "Hibben Knives". One of his knives was written about and featured on the cover of "Guns & Ammo" in an article titled "The Versatile Gil Hibben", expanding his reputation beyond that of a local knifemaker. This recognition lead him to the attention of Browning firearms, who had Hibben design the company's first line of knives in 1968 consisting of 3 fixed blade knives and a folding hunting knife. That same year, Hibben sang Tenor for the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
A lifelong martial artist with black belt rankings in Aikido, Judo, and American Kenpo, Hibben designed and built a knife called the Kenpo Knife as his Black Belt Thesis under Ed Parker in 1968; his thesis and knife design led to Long Form VIII ("Double Dagger Form") which uses two knives in mock combat.
In 1970, Hibben moved his shop again. After a brief period in Springdale, Arkansas, he relocated to Alaska for five years working as a knifemaker and a hunting and fishing guide. In 1975 he moved his shop again to Silver Dollar City, Missouri and four years later to Louisville, Kentucky.
Movie knives.
While in Louisville, Hibben was contacted by Sylvester Stallone to make a modern version of a Bowie knife for the film "Rambo III". After the release of the movie, Hibben began a long-term partnership with United Cutlery of Taiwan who released factory versions of the "Rambo III Knife" and a subsequent annual factory "Art Knife" each based on one of Hibben's custom designs every year afterward. United has made versions of Hibben's Kenpo Knife, Alaskan Guide Knife, and throwing knives. Hibben previously partnered with knifemaker Dr. Rob Charlton of Damascus-USA to produce smaller Damascus steel versions of the Rambo Bowie. In 1991, Hibben relocated to the Louisville suburb of La Grange, Kentucky.
The popularity of Hibben's mass-produced fantasy designs led to Hibben's knives being used in other films such as "Spawn", "Mortal Kombat", "The Perfect Weapon", "Natural Born Killers", "Under Siege", "Babylon 5" and the "Star Trek" franchise. Hibben's "Jackal" knife appears on the poster for "Star Trek Nemesis". Hibben made another "Rambo" knife for Stallone's "Rambo" and the Bowie knife and Arkansas toothpick used in the film, "The Expendables". Paramount Pictures has given Hibben the title "Official Klingon Armorer" for all the weapons he has made for the Franchise's villains.
Hibben's Fantasy Knives were mass-produced by United Cutlery with at least one annual edition from 1994 until 2005. The first of these was a silver wire wrapped handle version of the V-42 Stiletto.
Knifemaker's Guild.
Hibben has been President of the Knifemakers' Guild since 2006 and is a member of the "Blade Magazine" Cutlery Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="31144718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144718" title="Gare de Lexos">
Gare de Lexos

Lexos is a railway station in Lexos, Midi-Pyrénées, France. The station is located on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. The Lexos - Montauban railway line used to start here also.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Lexos:

</doc>
<doc id="31144720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144720" title="Marash Peak">
Marash Peak

Marash Peak (, ‘Vrah Marash’ \'vr&h ma-'rash\) is the peak rising to 800 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is situated in the east part of Grivitsa Ridge, surmounting Darvari Glacier to the north and east, Mundraga Bay to the east, and Zaychar Glacier to the southwest and south.
The peak is named after the settlement of Marash in Northeastern Bulgaria.
Location.
Marash Peak is located at , which is 2.6 km east-southeast of Batkun Peak, 9.16 km south-southwest of Gusla Peak, 7.69 km north-northwest of Fothergill Point and 4.71 km northeast of Kableshkov Ridge. British mapping in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31144724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144724" title="Leo Abrahams">
Leo Abrahams

Leo Matthew Abrahams (born 1977 in Camden, London) is an English musician, composer, and producer. He has collaborated with a multitude of professional musicians, including Brian Eno, Imogen Heap, Jarvis Cocker, Carl Barât, and Paul Simon. After attending the Royal Academy of Music in England, he started his musical career by touring as lead guitarist with Imogen Heap. Starting in 2005 he has released five solo albums, largely in an ambient style involving complex arrangements and a use of guitar-generated textures. He has also co-written or arranged a variety of film soundtracks, including Peter Jackson's 2009 release "The Lovely Bones" and Steve McQueen's "Hunger".
Early life.
Leo Abrahams was given an acoustic guitar by his parents at age 7, only to ignore the instrument for piano until age 12. As a teenager he played guitar in a succession of bands, also writing classical music. After high school, Abrahams attended the Royal Academy of Music with the goal of becoming a classical composer. While there, he studied under Steve Martland and Nick Ingman, only to later become disillusioned.
Musical collaborations.
During his studies Abrahams got a call from Mickey Modern, a manager he'd sent a demo to years before. Modern was looking for a guitarist to perform with singer Imogen Heap. Heap then invited Leo to go on tour, prompting Abrahams to leave the academy to tour England for several months.
Imogen Heap introduced Abrahams to alternative folk artist Ed Harcourt on the night Harcout was signed by a major label. After Abrahams confirmed to Harcourt that he liked Tom Waits, Harcourt agreed to take Abrahams on as a guitarist. Abrahams played lead guitar and scored the instrumental parts on Harcourt's 2001 album "Here Be Monsters", as well as Harcourt's subsequent albums.
A couple years later Abrahams had a fortuitous meeting with producer and ambient music pioneer Brian Eno in a Notting Hill guitar shop. Eno stated "I spotted him trying out a guitar, the first I've ever seen in a guitar shop who wasn't playing 'Stairway to Heaven,' so I thought he must be good." Eno invited Abrahams to his studio, and Abrahams contributed guitar to Eno's album "Drawn From Life", released in 2001. Abrahams went on to contribute instrumentals to a number of musicians produced by Eno, including Grace Jones, Sean Kuti, Nick Cave, and Paul Simon's 2006 album "Surprise".
As a guitarist he has played on over 100 records by artists including Florence and the Machine, Annie Lennox, Marianne Faithfull and Badly Drawn Boy. With David Holmes he contributed several instruments and co-wrote several tracks on Holmes' release "The Holy Pictures".
He has played guitar for Pulp on their 2011–2012 reunion dates, although he is not an official member of the band.
Arranging, producing.
Abrahams has written with and produced for a variety of musicians. He contributed additional production to David Byrne and Brian Eno's "Everything That Happens Will Happen Today", co-writing the lead single "Strange Overtones", and his solo production credits include Carl Barât (of The Libertines), Chris Difford (of Squeeze), Brett Anderson (of Suede), Paolo Nutini, Sparrow and the Workshop, Frightened Rabbit and Kill It Kid. He arranged the string sections for the 2003 album "Silence is Easy" by Starsailor, also conducting the orchestra at Abbey Road Studios.
He has co-written or arranged a variety of film soundtracks, including Peter Jackson's 2009 release "The Lovely Bones" and Steve McQueen's award-winning "Hunger".
Abrahams joined with long-time collaborators Jon Hopkins and Brian Eno to create the 2010 album "Small Craft on a Milk Sea". The album is based largely on a two-week period of joint improvisation, as well as "several years of jams between the three of us." The album is officially described as "a Brian Eno album featuring Leo Abrahams and Jon Hopkins."
Solo albums.
Inspired by his work on the film score to the 2003 film "Code 46", Abrahams created his first solo album in 2005. "Honeytrap", released on Just Music, relies primarily on ambient sounds generated exclusively by guitars, rejecting keyboard effects, sampling, computer effects, or keyboards. The BBC referred to the album as "subtle, imaginative and sometimes intoxicatingly lovely."
"Scene Memory" (2006), his second solo album, was also in an ambient style, with sounds created entirely by playing electric guitars through chains of laptop effects. A "Boomkat" review stated "Abrahams blends piano, guitar, and electronics to an almost euphoric effect - the record feels like you are walking in a dream." "Sea of Tranquility" reviewed the album saying "he respects a certain level of restraint - the solo guitar- putting into sharp relief the...limitless opportunities for the resultant sounds and form. This work is thoughtful, adventurous, and the result of a high degree of artistic integrity."
His third album, the 2007 "The Unrest Cure", was initially built out of sessions in New York with David Holmes' rhythm section. Brian Eno, KT Turnstall, Ed Harcourt, Foy Vance, Pati Yang, Merz, Phoebe Legere, Kari Kleiv, and recently deceased poet Bingo Gazingo also contributed to the album. It involves heavier guitar lines than the previous two albums.
In his 2008 album "Grape and the Grain", Abrahams continued to utilize English Folk themes, mainly with pieces featuring guitar, added instrumentation such as cello and medieval lute, and occasionally a Hurdy Gurdy, which he learnt for the record.
He has released two further EPs on the Just Music label, and has a new vocal-based record slated for release on One Little Indian in 2011.
Abrahams has performed solo shows for his various albums across Europe, Russia, and The United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31144743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144743" title="BXJ">
BXJ

BXJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31144744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144744" title="Tibor Zátek">
Tibor Zátek

Tibor Zátek (born 14 June 1971) is a former Slovak football player.
Zátek played for Dukla Banská Bystrica before moving to Czech Baník Ostrava in 1997. In 1999 he moved to 1. FC Košice in Slovakia. After playing another two seasons at MFK Ružomberok, Zátek moved to Austria, where he played for several lower-division clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="31144749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144749" title="Derbyshire County Cricket Club in 1950">
Derbyshire County Cricket Club in 1950

Derbyshire County Cricket Club in 1950 was the cricket season when the English club Derbyshire had been playing for seventy-nine years. It was their forty-sixth season in the County Championship and they won eight matches in the County Championship to finish in fifth place.
1950 season.
Derbyshire played 28 matches in the County Championship, one against Oxford University and one against the touring West Indies. Pat Vaulkhard was captain. Alan Revill scored most runs, and Albert Rhodes took most wickets with 125. 
Guy Willatt joined Derbyshire as designated captain but was hampered by injury and did not fill the role until the following season. Derek Morgan who also joined was another future captain and played until 1969. A third key played making his debut was Arnold Hamer who scored over 15,000 runs over ten years. John Kelly joined Derbyshire from Lancashire and played for ten years and Alwyn Eato a former footballer played for five years. Bertram Richardson played for four years, and Mike Stevenson who was at Cambridge University played occasional games in two seasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="31144751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144751" title="Gare de Cordes-Vindrac">
Gare de Cordes-Vindrac

Cordes-Vindrac is a railway station in Vindrac-Alayrac, Midi-Pyrénées, France. The station is located on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Cordes-Vindrac:

</doc>
<doc id="31144763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144763" title="National Museum of Mauritania">
National Museum of Mauritania

The National Museum of Mauritania () s a national museum in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just to the southwest of Hotel Mercure Marhaba, west of Hotel de Ville, northwest of Parc Deydouh and northeast of Mosque Ould Abas. It has notable archaeological and ethnographical collections. There are two galleries that showcase collections of sherds, arrowheads, and local costumes.

</doc>
<doc id="31144772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144772" title="36th Field Artillery Regiment">
36th Field Artillery Regiment

The 36th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
History and Lineage.
Preparation for World War II.
2d Battalion, 36th Field Artillery, consisting of battalion headquarters and Batteries C and D, was reactivated on 1 October 1933 at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, by transfer of all personnel and equipment from 2d Battalion, 5th Field Artillery, which was inactivated. At that time, D Battery 5th Field Artillery was the oldest unit in the active army, tracing its lineage to the New York Provisional Company of Artillery, formed by Alexander Hamilton on 6 January 1776. Throughout the second world war, many of the soldiers of the 36th Field Artillery, especially the second battalion, would still consider themselves to be the "Alexander Hamilton Battery". The battalion was equipped with the French 155mm rifle, Model 1917, known as the G.P.F., and the 240mm gun, and was one of the heaviest artillery units in the army. In the fall of 1939, the battalion was expanded to a full regiment, with headquarters and three battalions of two firing batteries each. Most of the soldiers required for the expansion were draftees inducted under the 1940 Selective Service Act. The rapid expansion of the unit, with many completely raw recruits, presented a tremendous training challenge and opportunity, and the regimental leadership began forming the unit into the cohesive, highly skilled unit that was to become one of the most-requested artillery assets in the European Theater. At the same time, the 240mm gun battery was transferred to become the nucleus of the newly activated 79th Field Artillery, and the regiment was all 155mm guns. In late 1940, the regiment was reorganized to two battalions, each with three firing batteries, headquarters battery, and service battery. Just before the fall 1941 Carolina Maneuvers, the regiment was given two of the new American M1 155mm guns, later called the "Long Toms" by the British. This was the first tactical test of the new gun, which proved to be a great success. The two sections were organized as a temporary "X" Battery, under the command of Lieutenant (later Colonel) Robert Reed. Lieutenant Reed experimented with new tactics, taking advantage of the longer range and better mobility of the new gun to fire on division and corps headquarters that were out of range of the older guns. These tactics later formed the basis of the operating procedures for the regiment in combat.
World War II.
In the spring of 1942 the regiment completed reequipping with the American 155mm gun. On 1 August it left Fort Bragg for the New York Port of Embarkation, and it arrived in Britain on 17 August, one of the first American combat units deployed to the European Theater. On 10 December 1942, the 1st Battalion, 36th Field Artillery landed at Oran, Algeria. At 1217 hrs on Christmas Eve, near Medjez El Bab, 2d section, Battery A fired the first American heavy artillery round in the European Theater, starting a mission that silenced a German battery. During the Tunisia campaign, the two battalions of the regiment supported nearly all of the Allied forces involved in the battle. The battalions were constantly separated because they were the only field artillery in the theater with their 25,000 yard range, and their services were eagerly sought by both British and American commanders. Lieutenant William Wall, Forward Observer for Battery A, broke up a large German armored attack by directing his battery's fire on it. He opened fire at 18,000 yards, and the tanks closed to 7,000 yards before withdrawing. At this range only one of the battery's guns could continue to fire, and the rest of the battery had loaded into trucks and was prepared to abandon the position and destroy the guns. The commander of the tanks, during questioning after his capture, said that he turned around because he was not willing to face the 155mm guns in direct fire. During this campaign, the 1st Battalion achieved another "first", becoming the first American field artillery unit of the war to destroy enemy aircraft by artillery fire, during an artillery "raid" on a forward airfield. During the Sicily campaign the two battalions were again separated, supporting different divisions. During the last part of the Sicilian campaign, Headquarters Battery, 36th Field Artillery served as the provisional headquarters for all American artillery in Sicily. From 29 August to 3 September 1943 the 2d Battalion fired the first American artillery to hit the European mainland, across the straits of Messina in support of the British 8th Army. The battalion set an ammunition dump on fire and silenced five German 170mm gun positions. The 36th Field Artillery landed on the hot Salerno beach beginning on 12 September, and participated in the drive on Naples and the Foggia airfields, then turning north to Cassino. During these operations, Battery C fired a "perfect mission", setting an ammunition train at Avellino on fire with the first round in adjustment at a range of 22,000 yards. Also during this period, the regiment conducted the first operations with high-performance aircraft adjusting artillery fire, cooperating with P-51s and artillery-trained pilots. While the 2d Battalion continued fighting at Cassino, the 1st Battalion withdrew from the line and prepared for the Anzio invasion, landing on D day, and providing the heaviest artillery support on the beachhead for the next five months. Both battalions then participated in the drive which freed Rome and continued into the Alban hills. On 5 March 1944, the regiment was broken up, with Regimental Headquarters, 1st Battalion and 2d Battalion redesignated HHB, 36th FA Group, 36th FA Battalion, and 633d FA Battalion, respectively. On 8 June 1944, the 1st Battalion was again withdrawn from the line for its longest break, this time in preparation for the invasion of Southern France. The battalion landed on D day, 15 August and raced north with VI Corps to the German border. Here, at the town of Mutzig, first section of Battery B fired the regiment's only direct-fire mission of the war using the Long Toms, at a German fort being held by 92 men. From 1 December until the end of the war, the battalion operated with two M12 self-propelled 155mm guns, which were used for special missions, especially direct fire. At the end of the war one battery was in firing position at Seefeld, Austria, prepared to fire on Innsbruck in support of the 103d Infantry Division. Fortunately, negotiations with the city's leaders led to the surrender of the city with no firing. Meanwhile, the 2d Battalion continued northward through Italy, crossing the Po River in April 1945 and reaching the foothills of the Italian Alps. At one time, while supporting the French Expeditionary Corps, the battalion earned the wrath of one regimental commander for occupying his objective before he reached it. He insisted that they leave the position so that he could secure it. Regimental Headquarters, known as Headquarters, 36th FA Group, participated in the Southern France invasion and ended the war in Germany. The regiment earned streamers for 11 World War II campaigns, more than any other regiment in the army. Elements of the regiment earned arrowheads for four amphibious assaults (Sicily, Salerno, Anzio, and Southern France); the only regiments in the history of the army to earn more were the 509th Infantry (five) and the 1st Special Forces (seven).
Post World War II.
All of the components of the 36th Field Artillery were inactivated shortly after the end of World War II. Each component thereafter had a separate history. Regimental Headquarters (Headquarters, 36th FA Group) was activated 1 April 1951 in Germany and assigned to 7th Army. It was redesignated HHB, 36th Artillery Group on 1 June 1958, and inactivated 30 April 1972. The 1st Battalion (36th FA Battalion) was activated 1 October 1948 at Fort Lewis, Washington, as a 105mm howitzer battalion. It was inactivated 18 Dec 1950, except for Battery A, which was transferred to Fort Richardson, Alaska and inactivated 10 June 1951. The battalion was activated again on 18 January 1952 at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, as a towed 155mm gun battalion. In 1957 the battalion was designated a gyroscope unit, and it transferred to Germany, arriving in Bremerhaven on 12 February 1958. On 25 June 1958 the 36th Field Artillery reorganized under the Combat Arms Regimental System, and the 36th Field Artillery Battalion became the new 1st Battalion, 36th Field Artillery, tracing its lineage from Battery A, 36th Field Artillery. On 1 August 1963 the battalion was reorganized as an 8 inch howitzer battalion. Since its arrival in Germany, it was stationed at Schwaebisch Hall, Erlangen, Neu Ulm, and Augsburg. In February 1987, it was one of the first nondivisional 8 inch battalions to be re-organized in the 24-gun, split battery configuration. It was one of the leading units in the army developing tactics for this structure. The 2d Battalion, 36th Field Artillery (633d FA Battalion) was redesignated the 546th FA Battalion and activated 15 September 1948 at Fort Sill, Oklahoma. Due to personnel shortages it was inactivated 25 January 1949 at Fort Sill. It was activated 1 April 1951 at Fort Lewis, Washington, and later transferred to Germany, where it was inactivated on 25 June 1958. Concurrently, the new 2d Battalion, 36th Field Artillery, tracing its lineage from Battery B, 36th Field Artillery, was activated at Fort Sill, Oklahoma as a 155mm howitzer battalion, where it remained until 1986, when it was inactivated. The 3d Battalion, 36th Field Artillery, tracing its lineage from Battery C, 36th Field Artillery, was activated in the US Army Reserve on 1 June 1959 at Hampton, Virginia, as an 8 inch howitzer battalion. It was inactivated at Hampton, Virginia on 31 January 1968. The 4th Battalion, 36th Field Artillery, tracing its lineage from Battery D, 36th Field Artillery, was activated in the US Army Reserve on 1 June 1959 at Akron, Ohio, as an 8 inch howitzer battalion. It was inactivated at Akron, Ohio on 31 January 1968.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 3/16 inches (3.02 cm) in height consisting of a shield blazoned: Per chevron Gules and Or. 
The “per chevron” division of the shield signifies that the organization has been placed on the active list twice. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 36th Field Artillery on 10 September 1934. It was redesignated for the 36th Field Artillery Battalion on 27 November 1944. The insignia was redesignated for the 36th Artillery Regiment on 21 November 1958. It was redesignated for the 36th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971.
Coat of arms.
Per chevron Gules and Or. 
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules, two sprays of long leaf Southern pine in saltire Proper. 
Motto
IN ORDER. 
The “per chevron” division of the shield signifies that the organization has been placed on the active list twice. 
The crest of long leaf pine denotes the allocation of the regiment.
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 36th Field Artillery on 10 September 1934. It was redesignated for the 36th Field Artillery Battalion on 27 November 1944. The insignia was redesignated for the 36th Artillery Regiment on 21 November 1958. It was redesignated for the 36th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31144789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144789" title="George Fenwick (Parliamentarian)">
George Fenwick (Parliamentarian)

George Fenwick (1603?–1657), was an English Parliamentarian, and a leading colonist in the short-lived Saybrook Colony.
Early life.
Fenwick was the son of George Fenwick of Brinkburn, Northumberland, and Dorothy, daughter of John Forster of Newham, was born about 1603. Fenwick was called to the bar at Gray's Inn on 21 November 1631, and admitted ancient on 24 May 1650.
Settlement in America.
He took an active part in the scheme for colonising Connecticut, signed the agreement of the patentees with John Winthrop the younger in 1635, and visited Boston in 1636. In 1639 he settled with his wife and family in the Saybrook Colony at the mouth of the Connecticut River, as agent for the patentees and governor of the fort of Saybrook.
Letters written by him during his residence in America are printed in the "Massachusetts Historical Collections", iv. 6, 365, v. 1, 223, and in the publications of the Prince Society, "Hutchinson Papers", i. 120. At the meeting of the commissioners of the united colonies in 1643, Fenwick, as agent of the patentees, was one of the two representatives of Connecticut. On 5 December 1644 he sold the fort at Saybrook and its appurtenances to the Colony of Connecticut, pledging himself at the same time that all the lands mentioned in the patent should fall under the jurisdiction of Connecticut if it came into his power. The non-fulfilment of this promise led to numerous disputes, and in 1657 the colony refused to give his heirs possession of his estate until they paid 500£ for non-fulfilment of the agreement and gave an acquittance of all claims. Fenwick returned to England in 1645. While living at Saybrook he lost his first wife; her monument is said to be still extant there.
Parliamentary career.
On 20 Oct 1645 Fenwick was elected to the Long Parliament as member for Morpeth. During the Second English Civil War he commanded a regiment of northern militia, took part in the defeat of Sir Richard Tempest by Lambert, relieved Holy Island, and recaptured Fenham Castle. On the surrender of Berwick he became governor of that place, apparently at first as deputy for Sir A. Haslerig. Fenwick was appointed one of the commissioners for the trial of the king, but did not act. In 1650 he took part in Cromwell's invasion of Scotland, was made Governor of Leith and Edinburgh Castle in December 1650, and took Hume Castle in February 1651. He was also one of the eight commissioners appointed for the government of Scotland in December 1651.
In the two Protectorate parliaments of 1654 and 1656 he represented Berwick, and was one of the members excluded from the second of those parliaments.
Private life.
According to his monument in the parish church of Berwick, Fenwick died on 15 March 1657, and this is confirmed by the fact that a new writ for Berwick was moved on 26 March 1657. His will, signed 8 March 1657. In some accounts Fenwick is confused with Lieutenant-colonel Roger Fenwick, who was killed in the Battle of Dunkirk, 4 June 1658.
Fenwick was twice married: first, to Alice, daughter of Sir Edward Apsley of Thakenham, Sussex, and widow of Sir John Boteler of Teston, Kent (he died 2 August 1634). Aecondly, to Catherine, eldest daughter of Sir Arthur Haslerig, born in 1635, who married, after the death of Fenwick, Colonel Philip Babington, and died in 1670.

</doc>
<doc id="31144793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144793" title="Cypripedium elegans">
Cypripedium elegans

Cypripedium elegans is a lady's-slipper species in the genus "Cypripedium" found in Nepal, Bhutan, the Indian Himalayas, Tibet and Yunnan.

</doc>
<doc id="31144801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144801" title="Peter Shorts">
Peter Shorts

John Peter Shorts (born July 12, 1966) is a former defensive tackle in the National Football League. He was a member of the New England Patriots during the 1989 NFL season. Shorts grew up in the small town of Clinton, Wisconsin and went to Clinton High School.

</doc>
<doc id="31144828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144828" title="Electra (band)">
Electra (band)

Electra was a British electronic-music band, founded in the late 1980s by Paul Oakenfold in close collaboration with his friend Steve Osborne. 
The band was made up of Oakenfold, Nick Divaris, John Rocca (of Freeez) and Micky. It released three EPs. The first one, "Jibaro", was a Balearic beat cover version of a rare Latin-funk song originally composed and recorded by Elkin & Nelson, a Colombian act based in Spain in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="31144835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144835" title="Hôtel de Ville, Nouakchott">
Hôtel de Ville, Nouakchott

Hôtel de Ville is a hotel in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just to the east of the National Museum of Mauritania, opposite Parc Deydouh.

</doc>
<doc id="31144843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144843" title="BXL">
BXL

BXL can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31144854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144854" title="Crocus City Mall">
Crocus City Mall

Crocus City Mall is a shopping mall located in the southern Moscow district of Krasnogorsk, Moscow Oblast.
Development.
Developed by Aras Agalarov's Crocus International, the site is located near the Moscow Oblast Administrative HQ, just outside Moscow's MKAD ring road. Built of natural stone in a mixture between neo-classical and oriental architectural styles, the two-storey building opened in 2002.
Transport.
The group paid for the Moscow Metro railway station at Myakinino to be additionally planned and built on the extension of the Arbatsko-Pokrovskaya Line, located between Volokolamskaya and Strogino stations. Added as a single-platform ground-based station, it was built as a two-platform underground development, thanks to Crocus's funding input. Myakinino opened on 26 December 2009, the first station to be built outside Moscow.
Present.
Today it houses retailers, including:
Crocus Expo.
Crocus Expo is the adjacently located trade fair and business centre, also built, run and operated by Crocus International. It is the largest business centre in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31144860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144860" title="River Bend Farm">
River Bend Farm

River Bend Farm is a historic farm located in East Coventry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania in a bend of the Schuylkill River near Pottstown. The farm house is a good example of early Chester County construction techniques, being built with stuccoed stone walls and pegged rafters. The farm was owned, but not lived in, by Michael Hillegas, the first Treasurer of the United States. It was also owned by members of the Hiester family political dynasty.
The farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
History.
Henry Casdorp's family bought 600 acres on "Turkey Point," including the current farm site, on November 28, 1763 from Pennsylvania's proprietors, Thomas and Richard Penn for ₤60. They sold the land for ₤2,400 to Michael Hillegas and Francis Winey on May 23, 1764. The property sold included a house, which was likely a log cabin built before the Casdorp purchase. The new owners, in turn, sold 300 acres sixteen months later to Daniel Hiester who bought the property for his son John.
Daniel's sons were active during the American Revolution. His son Daniel became a brigadier general in the Pennsylvania Militia and was elected to the first four U.S. congresses, representing Pennsylvania, and was later elected to represent Maryland. The elder Daniel's son John fought at the Battle of Brandywine, and after the war was elected a major general of Militia. He was elected to the U.S. Congress in 1806, and John's son Daniel was elected to congress in 1808.
The house has two stories plus an attic. The first two stories have exceptionally high ceilings for the colonial period, 9 feet, 7 inches for the first floor and 8 feet, 11 inches for the second floor.
Another National Register of Historic Places listed site, Fricks Locks Historic District, lies about 600 yards south of the house. Starting in 1974, the Limerick Nuclear Power Plant was constructed to the east of the house, directly across the Schuylkill River.

</doc>
<doc id="31144868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144868" title="Geogenanthus poeppigii">
Geogenanthus poeppigii

Geogenanthus poeppigii, commonly called the seersucker plant, is a flowering plant species in the family "Commelinaceae" (the dayflower & spiderwort family). As currently circumscribed, the genus "Geogenanthus" includes two other species, "G. ciliatus" and "G. rhizanthus". "Geogenanthus undatus" is an outdated synonym for "G. poeppigii". For more details on the rather complicated synonmy for this species, see Faden (1981). 
Etymology.
The genus name, "Geogenanthus" is derived from the Greek "geo" meaning earth, "gen" meaning produce, and "anthus" meaning flower: thus, earth-borne flower. This genus was named for its flowers being borne from the base of the stem, appearing to grow from the ground. The specific epithet "poeppigii" is named after the man who first discovered this species, Eduard Friedrich Poeppig (1798-1868). This species got its common name, 'seersucker plant', because of its close resemblance to the puckering of seersucker fabric. 
Distribution.
Native to Amazonia. It has been documented in the lowlands of Peru and western Brazil, and is typically found on the floor of primary rainforests. 
Morphology.
The bottom of the leaf is purple and the top of its leaves are green with darker green stripes. The surface as a whole has a "puckered" appearance; hence the common name seersucker plant. This plant is particularly unique because its cymes rise from the lower nodes, which often looks like their growing out of the ground. The three upper stamens are hairy and the three lower ones longer and smooth. Nodes and internodes are prominent on the stem. The stem of the plant is covered in minute brown hairs and, underground, plants possess a short, branching rhizome.
Uses.
This species is adaptable to a low light environments which has made it preferable for a house plant. It also likes humidity and, in a pot, it should not be allowed to dry out for too long. 
Horticulture.
Sunlight that is bright as well as indirect is best. Plants do not flower or set seeds freely. For propagation and the stem is cut.

</doc>
<doc id="31144884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144884" title="George Fenwick (disambiguation)">
George Fenwick (disambiguation)

George Fenwick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31144894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144894" title="Chamber of Commerce (Mauritania)">
Chamber of Commerce (Mauritania)

The Chamber of Commerce is the national chamber of commerce of Mauritania. It is located in Nouakchott, northwest of Mosque Ould Abas and just south of the Central Bank of Mauritania.

</doc>
<doc id="31144901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144901" title="British Stammering Association">
British Stammering Association

The British Stammering Association (BSA), a charity since 1978, is a national membership organisation in the United Kingdom for adults and children who stammer, their friends and families, speech and language therapists and other professionals. Based in London, it is run by people who stammer. BSA promotes awareness of stammering, offers advice, information and support to all whose lives are affected by stammering, initiates and supports research into stammering and identifies and promotes effective therapies. It describes stammering as a neurological issue and estimates that about 700,000 people in the UK have a stammer.
Organisation.
The Association's chief executive is Norbert Lieckfeldt and the Chair is John M Evans.
Patrons.
In September 2010, the Association announced that Labour front-bench politician Ed Balls MP, who is now Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer, had become a patron of the Association. BSA chief executive Norbert Lieckfeldt paid tribute to him for having been very public in his declaration that he too knows what it's like to stammer and has at times struggled with his speech.
David Mitchell, author of "Black Swan Green", a novel about a 13-year-old boy who has a stammer, is also a patron of the Association.
BSA's other patrons are Sir Andrew Bowden MBE, Dame Margaret Drabble DBE,John McAllion, Nicholas Parsons LL.D. OBE, Arwel Richards,[http://www.arwelrichards.com/#/charity/4572271902/] Jon Smith and Baroness Whitaker.
International links.
The British Stammering Association is a member of the European League of Stuttering Associations and the International Stuttering Association. At its last World Congress in Brazil, the International Fluency Association awarded the IFA Consumer Award of Distinction 2009 to the British Stammering Association.
Scotland.
The Association's Scottish branch, BSA Scotland, was founded in 2004 as a focus for Scottish campaigns, events and support services as well as to engage with the Scottish Parliament.
Advice, information and support.
The Association operates a helpline [http://www.stammering.org/helpline.html/] and offers information packs for parents of children under 5, primary and secondary school children, teenagers, adults who stammer, speech and language therapists, teachers and employers. It can also signpost callers to their local NHS Speech and Language Therapy Service.
Research and publications.
Between 2004 and 2005 the Association published a research journal, "Stammering Research",[http://www.stamres.psychol.ucl.ac.uk] which was edited by Professor Peter Howell of University College London.
In 2010 the Association produced research showing that children with signs of stammering are more likely to overcome the problem if they receive help before they reach school age.
To increase understanding in schools of stammering, the Association has produced an online resource [http://www.stammeringineducation.net/] for all teachers and school support staff in England and Scotland. It includes guidance on how to identify children who stammer and strategies on how to support them in both primary and secondary schools.
The Association publishes a quarterly magazine, "Speaking Out". Most of the articles also go on the Association's website, normally after a few months' delay. The spring 2011 issue included an article in which BSA member Richard Oerton recalled his own experiences with King George VI's speech therapist Lionel Logue who is featured in the film "The King's Speech". An interview with Neil Swain, voice coach for the film, was published in the summer 2011 issue. The spring/summer 2012 issue included an interview with the actor Charles Edwards, who played George VI in the West End stage version of the film.
From 2005 to 2009, BSA Scotland produced a twice yearly newsletter, "Blether".
The Association produces information leaflets, some of which are available in Welsh.
Campaigns.
The Association has campaigned for several years to eradicate misleading advertising claims made by stammering treatment providers. Some claim, for example, that they can "cure" stammering − but it is not possible to "cure" a stammer, in the accepted medical sense of the word. Accordingly, the BSA believes such claims not only give false hope to those who stammer − but also give people who don't stammer the false impression that stammering can easily be rectified. Respectable healthcare companies carry out independent trials on large numbers of people, over long periods of time, before claiming any benefit for their products or services. The campaign has been conducted by, firstly, encouraging treatment providers who are making doubtful claims to provide supporting data and, if they cannot do so, to moderate those claims; and, secondly, in cases where the treatment provider has not co-operated, the Association has reported their advertisements to the UK Advertising Standards Authority (ASA), who have investigated the claims and, if they prove to be unsupportable, have instructed them to remove the offending advertisement and amend any future claims. As from 1 March 2011, the ASA, and thus the Association, have also been able to act against misleading claims made in editorial copy on websites. Following a complaint by the Association, on 13 July 2011 the Advertising Standards Authority issued an adjudication against a website which said: "Discover how to stop stuttering with stammering cure that works..."
BSA's chief executive Norbert Lieckfeldt, who describes stammering as "the hidden disability", said the charity had received calls from members who said people were asking them about their stammer for the first time, because of "The King's Speech". The film had created a "good opportunity" for people to talk about stammering. He said: “Suddenly it has become a thing that can be talked about, which is very important for us...For those people who are engaged in conversations about it, their situation will have changed for the better.” 
However, the Association criticised comedian Lenny Henry for his opening sketch for the 2011 Comic Relief, during which he spoofed the film and grew impatient with Colin Firth's portrayal of King George VI as he stammered over his speech. "The Sun" reported that the British Stammering Association had branded the sketch as "a gross and disgusting gleefulness at pointing out someone else's misfortune".
In 2007 the Association's then Chair, Leys Geddes, strongly protested to the YouTube website about their classifying, as comedy, videos showing people struggling to speak, including three which he said appeared to be "malicious and stereotypical". YouTube replied that the videos did not violate its terms of use. Geddes has now posted his own video on YouTube, arguing for greater understanding for those who stammer.
Speaking in support of the Association's stance, Labour MP Kate Hoey said: "For many people, particularly youngsters, stammering is not a joke – we need to ensure that help and support is given as early as possible and, most of all, we need to educate the public to understand the impact it has on people for the whole of their lives."
In May 2012, the Association criticised a headline and story on the front page of "The Sun" mocking newly appointed England football manager Roy Hodgson's rhotacism.
Commenting on the media coverage of Ed Balls' stumbling over his response in the House of Commons on 5 December 2012 to the Autumn Statement by Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne, Norbert Lieckfeldt said: "The experience of a lifetime of stammering gives an edge to a personality, something to rub against, and I'd prefer that over smooth glibness any day. This is also the advice we at the British Stammering Association would give to anyone who stammers who is considering a career in politics".
Employers Stammering Network.
To mark International Stammering Awareness Day on 22 October 2012, the Association announced the forthcoming launch of the Employers Stammering Network, an alliance between employers and the BSA, which aims to create a culture where people who stammer can achieve their full potential. The network was launched on 9 May 2013 with a reception in the House of Commons hosted by Ed Balls MP.
The Employers Stammering Network initiative has received the support of UK employers EY (formerly known as Ernst & Young), Accenture and DHL.

</doc>
<doc id="31144917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144917" title="Michael P. Hein">
Michael P. Hein

Michael P. Hein (born July 20, 1965) is the 1st and current County Executive of Ulster County, having been elected on November 4, 2008. Prior to the creation of this position, the 2008 ratification by referendum of the Ulster County Charter, he was the Ulster County Administrator.
Early life, education and career.
Michael P. Hein was raised by his parents on their farm in Esopus, New York. During his childhood, Hein attended school in the New Paltz school system. He attended Eckerd College in St. Petersburg, Florida, thus becoming the first in his family to attend college. In 1987, he received a Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration with a special emphasis in Management from Eckerd College.
In 1999 Hein became the Bank Manager at Fleet Bank in Kingston, New York. During his time as Bank Manager, he coordinated the Ulster County Small Business Development Center.
Political career.
Deputy Treasurer.
In 2003, Hein became the Deputy Treasurer of Ulster County. In this capacity, he managed all aspects of the Ulster County Treasurer’s Office. Notable accomplishments during this time include the design and implementation of an overhaul of the Capitol Projects Policies and Procedures.
County Administrator.
Michael P. Hein was appointed as County Administrator of Ulster County in 2006. 
County Executive.
In 2006, Ulster County voters approved the first-ever county charter. With this came the creation of the elected position of County Executive. In 2008, Hein, then County Administrator, was elected to this position and in January 2009 he began his first term as County Executive.
As County Executive, Hein reduced the cost of government by delivering over $6 million of spending cuts through an attrition plan and contractual reductions in 2009, renegotiating the lease on Family Court building, reducing the county workforce by 100 positions, and joining the Municipal Electric and Gas Association (MEGA) consortium. Hein notably provided a 0% tax increase for 2011, due in large part to his successful “Taxpayer First” initiative enacted in 2010.
Hein has led by implementing in-house management training programs, instituting a comprehensive fleet management program, introducing an automated “time and attendance” technology to establish a new level of government accountability, and addressing the issue of nepotism with Executive Order No. 1 of 2010
Hein has supported local business by launching the “Credit for Success” program, initiating a “buy local” campaign, assisting businesses to remain in Ulster County and directing that permitting and review take place at the speed of business.
Hein has made County government more business-friendly by allocating over $27 million for public infrastructure and transit projects in Ulster County, providing 300 summer youth employment positions, and creating the “Ulster Tomorrow,” economic development plan for Ulster County.
County Executive Hein has increased the promotion of Ulster County by initiating a new web-based branding and marketing campaign for Ulster County Tourism, launching UlsterCountyAlive.com and creating a satellite tourism office at the County Office Building.
Hein has also worked to move Ulster County toward being the healthiest county in the state by launching the “Healthy Ulster” initiative, overhauling Ulster County Public Health Department, reshaping the Ulster County Board of Health, Hiring Dr. Lamar Hasbrouck to implement the “Healthy Ulster” initiative, naming Dr. Debra Karnasiewicz as a special advisor to the Executive to assist with “Healthy Ulster, and initiating the “Healthy Steps to Albany” challenge in four middle schools.
Environmental Initiatives.
In the fall of 2010, the New York City Department of Environment Protection began releasing turbid water from the Ashokan Reservoir via a waste channel which feeds into Ulster County’s Esopus Creek. The Esopus Creek became contaminated with turbid water causing major problems to local farmers and residents as well as potentially damaging the aquatic ecosystem. This action by the agency which oversees the watershed feeding New York City’s drinking water drew the attention of environmental groups and Ulster County residents, as well as that of County Executive Hein and many other local leaders.
On Tuesday January 12, 2010, after 97 days of contaminated releases into the Esopus Creek, County Executive Hein announced Ulster County’s intentions to file a lawsuit against New York City DEP. After enlisting the help of the New York State Department of Conservation and the New York State Attorney General’s office, Hein brought an end to these releases and forced New York City DEP to pay for an independent damage assessment in order to evaluate the impact of their actions.
Catskill Mountain Railroad.
In October 2013, Mr. Hein included in his budget an amount totaling $642,000 that was to be earned by scrapping a local tourist railroad, the Catskill Mountain Railroad, which under his plan, would be replaced by a "world class" multi-use trail In response, the railroad created a plan which would allow for both rail and trail in the former Ulster and Delaware Railroad corridor which is currently leased to the CMRR until 2016. Upon further clairfication, Hein has stated that his position that the CMRR must vacate all of its active trackage in the Kingston, New York area, to make room for the trail, saying the railroad should railroad retreat to a small section of track between Boiceville, New York (Cold Brook) and Phoenicia, New York. However, the CMRR's Kingston section has experienced rapid growth since it opened for operation during Winter 2008. Shortly after Hein announced his plan, the city of Kingston illegally used a dump truck to block the operation of work trains in the Kingston area. This incident sparked a lively public debate in forums such as the local newspaper, The Daily Freeman. Shortly after the dump truck incident, the county issued the CMRR a "Notice to Cure" citing alleged lease violations Meanwhile, Hein had also refused to release FEMA funding earmarked to fix the CMRR's operating section in the Phoenicia area which was damaged during Hurricane Irene in 2011, most notably for the repair of the Campground Curve and the replacement of the Boiceville Trestle, both of which were lost to rising floodwaters. It was presumed that the county would have the upper hand in the ensuing legal battle, however, it was later found that many violations the county alleged were based on faulty premises Shortly afterwards, the CMRR rebutted the notice and filed for a Yellowstone Injunction to prevent the county from terminating their lease. This legal battle is ongoing amidst record ridership. As of May 2014, it is not clear which side will emerge victorious, although the CMRR's announcement of the coming of the Polar Express has begun to change public opinion. 
Recognition.
County Executive Hein was selected by Governor David Paterson to be the county government appointment the New York State Workforce Investment Board. County Executive Hein was elected by his peers from around the state to serve as the 2011 First Vice President of the New York State County Executive’s Association, a position that provides an even greater opportunity to advocate to Albany for the interests of county governments. Additionally, the County Executive serves on the New York State Association of County’s Blue Ribbon Task Force on the Future of New York Farming.

</doc>
<doc id="31144936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144936" title="Cotoneaster elegans">
Cotoneaster elegans

Cotoneaster elegans is a plant species in the genus "Cotoneaster".

</doc>
<doc id="31144943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144943" title="It's All Good">
It's All Good

It's All Good may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31144951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144951" title="Bankomatt">
Bankomatt

Bankomatt is a 1989 Italian-Swiss drama film directed by Villi Hermann. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
The story follows a man planning and conducting a bank robbery. It is revealed he was formerly an employee of the bank, and is acting out of disgruntlement towards the current boss.

</doc>
<doc id="31144953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144953" title="St. Louis GateKeepers">
St. Louis GateKeepers

The St. Louis GateKeepers are an all-men's flat-track roller derby team based in St. Louis, Missouri. It was founded in November 2009 by Magnum, p.i.m.p. (Scott Meyer), a referee for the Arch Rival Rollergirls, and Bat Wing (Evan Jones). Since then, the league has grown to support two touring travel teams (the main travel team and the B-Keepers, the travelling B-team) and three local teams: The South Grand Slammers, The Riverfront Crimes, and the Dogtown Rockets.
History.
The St. Louis GateKeepers were conceived by Scott Meyer (who skates under the name Magnum p.i.m.p.) and Evan Jones (Bat Wing) on the way from a men's roller derby bout in Sioux City. Together, they started the GateKeepers in November 2009. Since then, the league has grown from starting with only a few players to a roster that includes over 40 skaters. The founders continue to coach the league and play in travel bouts.
Spring Roll 2011.
The St. Louis GateKeepers received considerable attention for their performance at the 2011 Spring Roll tournament hosted in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Despite being a relatively young team, the GateKeepers were undefeated in the tournament. Notably, the GateKeepers beat the high-ranking Puget Sound Outcasts and broke the 24-game winning streak of the previously undefeated New York Shock Exchange.
Local League Structure.
The St. Louis GateKeepers consists of three local teams, each named after a St. Louis neighborhood. The teams are The South Grand Slammers, The Riverfront Crimes, and the Dogtown Rockets, and are named after the South Grand Avenue district, the Riverfront area, and Dogtown, respectively. The teams practice together at regular practices, but bout against each other in a series of matches deemed 'Turf Wars', culminating in a yearly championship. The league is entirely skater-run, with the players helping to run the teams, referee the local bouts and pay for rink time.
2011 Schedule.
Intraleague Schedule.
March 26 - South Grand Slammers vs. Riverfront Crimes 
April 16 - Dogtown Red Rockets vs. South Grand Slammers 
May 21 - Riverfront Crimes vs. Dogtown Red Rockets 
June 18 - South Grand Slammers vs. Riverfront Crimes 
July 23 - Dogtown Red Rockets vs. South Grand Slammers 
Aug 20th - Riverfront Crimes vs. Dogtown Red Rockets 
Sept 17th - Turf War Championship

</doc>
<doc id="31144968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144968" title="Hôtel Tfeila">
Hôtel Tfeila

Hôtel Tfeila, formerly the Novotel Tfeila, is a hotel in Nouakchott, Mauritania, located on the Avenue Charles de Gaulle. It is located to the northwest of the Presidential Palace, and adjacent (west) to Hotel Halima. It is surrounded by many embassies; the closest is the Russian Embassy across the street. The hotel contains 77 rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="31144972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144972" title="Osaka, Aichi, and the Gifu continuous torture-murder event">
Osaka, Aichi, and the Gifu continuous torture-murder event

The Osaka, Aichi, and the Gifu continuous torture-murder event was a series of torture-murder events, perpetrated by a group of boys, that occurred in three prefectures in Japan on September 28 and October 7, 1994.
Events.
The principal offenders were three boys, referred to as A, B, and C. A (19 years old at that time) caused an injury during a burglar in Aichi prefecture in August, 1994 and escaped to Osaka. There, he became acquainted with B (19) and C (18). Although seven other men and women were in their group, these three principal offenders committed repeated blackmail and rape.
Around 3:00 A.M. on September 28, the three attacked, robbed and abducted a 26 year old unemployed man in Chuo-ku, Osaka. They held him for nineteen hours before strangling him with a belt. His remains were wrapped in a blanket and abandoned in Yamanaka.
Two men were robbed and abducted at midnight, October 7, and two men were assaulted with an iron pipe and murdered in the Nagara river area of Gifu. Remains were discovered in the same place the next day.
Another man escaped the boy group. After he went to the police, the group was placed on the wanted list on October 12. Most of the group was arrested on January 18, 1995, in Osaka.

</doc>
<doc id="31144974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144974" title="Mushtaq">
Mushtaq

Mushtaq () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31144979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144979" title="Anodyne (band)">
Anodyne (band)

Anodyne was an American hardcore band, that existed from 1997 to 2005. Their music was characterized by chaotic song structures coupled with layers of feedback and noise similar to bands like Kiss It Goodbye, Today is the Day and Black Flag. The lyrics were broodingly introspective and emotional. The band went through several lineup changes before arriving at the definitive line up of Mike Hill, Joshua Scott, and Joel Stallings. Drummer Joel Stallings is notable for introducing blast beats to the band’s sound, which were often employed later in the band's existence. Anodyne was affiliated with a number of independent record labels including Escape Artist, Level Plane, and Chainsaw Safety. They completed several US tours and one European Tour. Members went on to perform in Versoma, Tombs and Defeatist.

</doc>
<doc id="31144982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144982" title="Maidstone Borough Council election, 2010">
Maidstone Borough Council election, 2010

The 2010 Maidstone Council election took place on 6 May 2010 to elect members of Maidstone Borough Council in Kent, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Election result.
The results saw the Conservatives hold control of the council after winning half of the seats being elected. This meant the Conservatives remained on 28 seats, while the Liberal Democrats gained 2 to hold 23 seats. Meanwhile 2 independents lost seats, meaning there were 4 independents on the council after the election. Overall turnout in the election was 66%.
The Liberal Democrats gained 3 seats from the Conservatives in the wards of Bridge, East and South, including defeating the cabinet member for leisure and Conservative deputy leader, Brian Moss, in Bridge. However the Conservatives took a seat back from the Liberal Democrats in Park Wood and the Conservatives also gained 2 seats from independents. The Conservatives gains from independents came in Bearsted and Shepway South, with the independent group leader, Pat Marshall, losing in Bearsted.

</doc>
<doc id="31144988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144988" title="Zaychar Glacier">
Zaychar Glacier

Zaychar Glacier (, ‘Lednik Zaychar’ \'led-nik 'zay-char\) is the 7.5 km long and 2.7 km wide glacier on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica. It drains the southeast slopes of Detroit Plateau, flowing east-southeastwards between Grivitsa Ridge and Kableshkov Ridge, and entering Odrin Bay in Weddell Sea 5 km northwest of Fothergill Point.
The glacier is named after the settlement of Zaychar in Southeastern Bulgaria.
Location.
Zaychar Glacier is centred at . British mapping in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31144989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144989" title="An-Nur Library">
An-Nur Library

An-Nur Library is a library of Islamic books situated in Ambagan, Chittagong. It was established on 1 Ramadan 1429 AH (2 September 2008 CE) by S. M. Faisal Alam, a student of 39th M.B.B.S batch of Rangpur Medical College. It is founded with a view to making people aware of Islam. It offers books to anyone for free. It has some other activities like research on Islam, study circle, discussion circle etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31144991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31144991" title="Extraleague">
Extraleague

Extraleague may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31145002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145002" title="James Poke">
James Poke

James Poke (born 1963) is a musician, primarily known as artistic director and co-founder of the ensemble Icebreaker.
Poke studied music at the University of York and composition with Erich Urbanner at the Hochschule für Musik und Darstellende Kunst in Vienna. With John Godfrey he founded Icebreaker in 1989. As well as running the group, he also plays flutes, pan-pipes, keyboards and WX11 wind synthesiser in the ensemble. He has arranged many pieces for Icebreaker and produced or co-produced several of Icebreaker's albums. He also works as a music copyist.
He also has a strong interest in politics and is currently treasurer of the Nicaragua Solidarity Campaign, and chair of the West Surrey branch of the Palestinian Solidarity Campaign.
Discography.
Playing flutes, pan-pipes, wind synthesiser and keyboards:

</doc>
<doc id="31145006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145006" title="Santos FC Futsal">
Santos FC Futsal

Santos Futebol Clube ( "Santos Football Club"), also known as Santos and familiarly as Peixe, was a Brazilian professional futsal club, based in Santos, Brazil. They play in the Liga Futsal, Brazil's national league.
History.
Santos Futebol Clube was founded on April 14, 1912. The futsal department was created in 2011, after a partnership between Santos Futebol Clube and Cortiana Plásticos. Falcão has been signed for the club, to play for two seasons. They won the Copa Gramado in 2011, after beating Krona Futsal 3-1 on March 3, 2011. Santos debuted in the 2011 Liga Futsal on March 14, 2011, against Krona Futsal, at Ginásio da Univille, in Joinville, Santa Catarina. They beat Krona Futsal 3-2. Santos won the 2011 liga Futsal after beating Carlos Barbosa on penalties. Due to lack of funds, the club was dissolved on December 27, 2011.
Arena.
Santos Futebol Clube played their home games at Arena Santos. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31145015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145015" title="Villi Hermann">
Villi Hermann

Villi Hermann (born 1941) is a Swiss film director and screenwriter. His 1981 film "The Homeless One" was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival. His 1989 film "Bankomatt" was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31145022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145022" title="Hotel Halima">
Hotel Halima

Hotel Halima is a hotel in Nouakchott, Mauritania, located on the street of the same name, which stems east off the Avenue Charles de Gaulle. It is located to the northwest of the Presidential Palace, and adjacent (east) to Hôtel Tfeila. It is surrounded by many embassies; the closest is the Russian Embassy across the street.The hotel, located in a distinctive peach-colored building contains a notable coffee shop.

</doc>
<doc id="31145054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145054" title="Caladenia elegans">
Caladenia elegans

Caladenia elegans is an orchid species in the genus "Caladenia".

</doc>
<doc id="31145057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145057" title="38th Field Artillery Regiment">
38th Field Artillery Regiment

The 38th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
History.
On August 17, 1918, the 38th Field Artillery was organized as a regiment at Camp Lewis, Washington. It trained at that station until February 10, 1919, when the regiment was demobilized. Subsequently, on October 1, 1933, the 38th Field Artillery Regiment was reconstituted as an inactive unit of the regular Army.
The 38th Field Artillery next appears as a part of the Second Infantry Division. On October 10, 1939, the Fifteenth Field Artillery Regiment at Fort Sam Houston, Texas, was re-organized and given a 3rd battalion. Now, however, began the Army's program of modernization, which involved triangularization of the infantry division. in accordance with this program, the Fifteenth's 3rd Battalion was reconstituted as the Thirty-eighth Field Artillery Battalion on October 1, 1940.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A gold color metal and enamel device 1 3/16 inches (3.02 cm) in height overall consisting of the shield, crest and motto of the coat of arms. 
The shield is red for Artillery. The three pallets and eight shells indicate the numerical designation and character of the organization, while the peak of Mt. Rainier and the lone star appearing on the crest refer respectively to the locations where the organization was organized and reactivated. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 38th Field Artillery Battalion on 8 July 1941. It was redesignated for the 38th Artillery Regiment on 24 October 1958. The insignia was redesignated for the 38th Field Artillery Regiment effective 1 September 1971. 
Coat of arms.
Gules, three pallets accosted by eight shells Or. 
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules the peak of Mt. Rainier Proper charged with a mullet Gules. 
Motto
STEEL BEHIND THE ROCK. 
The shield is red for Artillery. The three pallets and eight shells indicate the numerical designation and character of the organization. 
The peak of Mt. Rainier and the lone star appearing on the crest refer respectively to the locations where the organization was organized and reactivated. 
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 38th Field Artillery Battalion on 8 July 1941. It was redesignated for the 38th Artillery Regiment on 24 October 1958. The insignia was redesignated for the 38th Field Artillery Regiment effective 1 September 1971

</doc>
<doc id="31145061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145061" title="Leila Cobo">
Leila Cobo

Leila Cobo is a Colombian television show host, a novelist, a pianist, and a journalist. She is noted for her coverage of Latin music and for the past 12 years has been the executive director of Latin content and programming for "Billboard". Cobo also contributes frequently to magazines like Latina and Poder and speaks frequently at conferences and universities around the world. Prior to Billboard, she was the pop music critic for the Miami Herald. Cobo has written two novels and is currently working on two books on the Latin music industry for Penguin books.
Personal life.
Cobo was born in Cali, Colombia. She earned a Bachelor's degree in Journalism from Bogota's Javeriana University. She got her second degree in piano performance from Manhattan School of Music in New York and concertized extensively for several years in her native country, performing as a soloist with Colombia's Symphony Orchestra (Orquesta Sinfonica de Colombia), Orquesta Sinfonica de Antioquia in Medellin and Orquesta Sinfonica del Valle in Cali. She was also featured multiple times in Biblioteca Luis Angel Arango's concert series, performing as a soloist and in chamber groups. Cobo later obtained a Fulbright Scholarship and obtained a degree in Communication management from the USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California.
Career at Billboard.
Cobo serves as Executive Editor for Latin Content and Programming for Billboard in charge of overseeing the brand's Latin music coverage and programming. In her position, she is in charge of programming Billboard’s yearly Latin Music Conference & Awards, one of the Latin Music Industry’s biggest events, and hosts its “Q&A’s” with Latin music's stars. Cobo also coordinates the Billboard Mexican Music Awards and helped launch billboardenespanol.com, the brand's Spanish-language site. As an expert in Latin music, she has been a panelist in numerous conferences, including BAFIM in Buenos Aires, Vina del Mar in Chile, LAMC and the Winter Music conference, among many others.
The Writer.
Cobo published her first novel - Tell Me Something True on Grand Central Publishing (a division of Hatchette Book Group) in 2009. It received generally favorable reviews and Cobo was named a "New Voice" by Ingram Literary Magazine and her novel was named one of the Top 10 Hispanic books of the year by the Society of Latino and Hispanic Writers of San Antonio The novel achieved critical and commercial success. "Tell Me Something True" has since been released in 2 other languages, Italian and German.
Cobo's second novel titled, "The Second Time We Met," was released Feb. 29, 2012, also on Grand Central, receiving favorable reviews from AP and Reuter's among others. The book was nominated for a Latino Book Award in Best Popular Fiction.
Cobo's third book is a biography of the recently deceased Jenni Rivera. Titled "Jenni Rivera - La Increible Vida de una Mariposa Guerrera", the book was released March 20, 2013 on CA Press/Penguin and was the top-selling Spanish language book in the U.S.—following the Bible—for 10 weeks. It was the top-selling Spanish language biography in the U.S. for five straight weeks, according to Nielsen BookScan. The book was released in its English-language version April 23. In April 16, 2014, Cobo will release "Apunta a Las Estrellas" (Aim For the Stars), an inspirational guide for people seeking a career in music. 
Cobo is also an author of the Billboard Illustrated Encyclopedia of Music, and her work was featured in the book of essays “Quinceañera." 
Television.
Cobo hosts produces the show “Estudio Billboard”, which airs on Fox Life and V-Me. The show features reviews and interviews with Latin music artists.
Other Work.
Cobo has been a part of the Los Angeles Times staff, as well as the pop music critic for the Miami Herald. She also contributes frequently to other publications like Latina Magazine, and has written liner notes for albums by numerous Latin stars, including Ricky Martin, Shakira(Credits of Shakira album), Julio Iglesias and Selena . Cobo is currently working on a book on the Latin music industry that will be published by Penguin Books in 2013. 
On the social side, Cobo has collaborated with Grammy In The Schools and Teach for America, among other projects. She is also part of celebrity speaker network.
Awards & Honors.
In March, 2014, Cobo was named Woman of the Year by Latino Show Magazine in New York. She's also been named one of 12 South Florida HIspanic Women of Distinction (2012) and in 2008 she was recognized as one of the Most Influential People in Latin music by magazines like Gatopardo, and Revista Fuchsia. That same year, Ocean Drive Magazine, named her one of its “Power Brokers”. In 2007, she was the recipient of the Nielsen President’s Award for Excellence and the journalistic excellence award from Premios Orquidea, which is given to Colombians with an outstanding career abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="31145076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145076" title="Idavela">
Idavela

Idavela (, ) is a 1982 Malayalam teen film written by Padmarajan and directed by Mohan. It stars Ashokan, Idavela Babu and Nalini in lead roles. It was the debut film of Idavela Babu, who got his screenname through this film.
Plot.
The film starts out as a campus story involving four boys, Thomas (Ashokan), Ravi (Idavela Babu), Alosius and Swami. There is the usual pranks that the boys of the age do, although the movie doesn't just revolve around these.The second half of the movie takes us to scenic locales of Munnar. The second half also introduces the major female character, Molu. The movie centres around the problems faced by them in a hotel in Munnar.
The movie opens with showing the 4 college boys to be indulged in smoking, drinking and watching blue films. Each time they get caught and are punished. Their parents are also informed about the same and they are a disgrace to their families as well. The college NCC decides to conduct a camp for 10 days and these 4 are asked to first cut their hair and then report their name to attend the camp. However they choose not to give their names. They inform at home of going to the camp and plan to spend those 10 days going elsewhere on their own. 
On the day of departure Thomas picks up Ravi from his home. Ravi's brother asks Thomas to take care of Ravi. The 4 meet at the railway station and go to Munnar. They ask the local taxi to take them to a good hotel and the driver takes them to hotel blue meadow. They get a room by providing fake names. The bearer there is Madhavan (Innocent). The boys have come there with the intention of having sex and inquires with Madhavan regarding the same, who says the hotel is a reputable one and such activities don't happen there. 
They go for a long walk, find a girl near the lake and follow her to find that she stays in the room next to theirs in the same hotel. They try to get friendly with her. She (Nalini) mentions her name to be Malu or they can call her Molu as her mother calls her. She develops a liking towards Ravi and dislikes Thomas. This creates jealousy among the other boys towards Ravi. Ravi falls in love with Molu which he tells her but she doesn't respond. Thomas warns Ravi that they are not here to stay forever and has to tell her their intention in his next meeting with her. The next day Ravi meets with Molu, asks her to pose for a few photos which she does willingly. They walk a long distance away from the hotel with the other 3 boys following them without their knowledge. Then Ravi informs Molu that he has been sent to her to tell her to cooperate with the boys. She smilingly tells him to lie to his friends that they made love and she wouldn't mind it. Overhearing this Thomas jumps in front of her and tries to rape her. Ravi runs to the hotel to get help with Alosius trying to stop him. Ravi runs into a muddy swamp and gets engulfed by it. Alosius tries to save him and gets stuck in the mud. Hearing his shout, the other 2 boys along with Molu rush there and pull him out. Molu realizes that Ravi has drowned and Alosius confirms the same. They try in vain to find Ravi in the swamp. Thomas threatens to kill Molu if she tells anyone about this incident. Molu informs them that she also feels responsible for what's happened and wouldn't inform anyone. She returns to the hotel. The boys wait for the evening, when Christmas celebrations start, to return to the hotel so that no one would notice that Ravi is missing. At night Madhavan brings them their drink which they had ordered the previous day. After Madhavan leaves Thomas asks the boys to have their drinks but they refuse. They accuse him of being hard hearted and of being responsible for the death of Ravi. Thomas throws the bottle through the window and walks out to the balcony to find Molu standing next door. She accuses him of being a cheater and murderer. The next morning Alosius and Swami are packing their bags when Molu walks in to their room. She enquires about Thomas to find that he is nowhere to be found. Madhavan informs them that he saw Thomas walking a far distance away. Aloysius, Swami and Molu run towards the direction pointed by Madhavan calling out Thomas' name. They come near the muddy swamp and find his cigarette packet and match box nearby. They prod the mud with a log of wood to find a hand come up which confirms their doubts that Thomas has drowned in the swamp.
Cast.
The roles of Alosius and Swami are played by newcomers.

</doc>
<doc id="31145106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145106" title="George Fenwicke">
George Fenwicke

George Fenwicke, B.D. (1690–1760) was an English clergyman and religious writer.
Life.
Fenwicke was educated at St. John's College, Cambridge, graduating B.A. in 1708/9 and M.A. in 1712. He was elected a Fellow of St John's on 29 March 1710. He resigned his fellowship in March 1722, and was presented to the rectory of Hallaton, Leicestershire, which he held until his death.
Here, as a condition of holding certain land bequeathed many years previously to the rector, he had to contribute every Easter Monday a sermon, two hare-pies, a quantity of ale, and two dozen penny loaves. The provisions, after divine service and a sermon, were carried in procession to a mound called ‘Harepies Bank,’ thrown into a hole, and scrambled for by the men, women, and children assembled, causing disorder. Another bequest from Mrs. Parker, a widow, the rector expended in providing a home for three poor women or poor men of the parish. 
He died 10 April 1760, according to the inscription on a mural tablet which is placed outside the church against the north wall of the chancel.
Works.
In James Darling's "Cyclopædia Bibliographica" Fenwicke is called a Hutchinsonian. He published a visitation sermon in 1736, one on the smallpox in 1737, and two other sermons in 1738. He was also the author of: 

</doc>
<doc id="31145125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145125" title="Stratagems (Frontinus)">
Stratagems (Frontinus)

Stratagems () is a work by Frontinus, a collection of examples of military stratagems from Greek and Roman history, ostensibly for the use of generals. Frontinus is assumed to have written "Strategems" towards the end of the first century AD, possibly in connection with a lost work on military theory.
Frontinus is best known as a writer on water engineering, but he had a distinguished military career. In "Stratagems" he draws partly on his own experience as a general in Germany under Domitian. However, most of the (more than five hundred) examples which he gives are less recent, and similarities to versions in other Roman authors like Valerius Maximus and Livy suggest that he drew mainly on literary sources.
The work consists of four books, of which three are undoubtedly by Frontinus. The authenticity of the fourth book has been challenged.

</doc>
<doc id="31145127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145127" title="Jens-Daniel Herzog">
Jens-Daniel Herzog

Jens-Daniel Herzog (born 12 July 1964) is a German stage director for play and opera, and a theater manager.
Career.
Jens-Daniel Herzog was born in Berlin, the son of the actor Peter Herzog. He studied Philosophy at the FU Berlin.
From 1989 Herzog was an assistant to the stage directors Dieter Dorn and Hans Lietzau at the Münchner Kammerspiele. In 1993 he directed there the premiere of Marlene Streeruwitz's "New York. New York", in 1994 the premiere of Simone Schneider's "Die Nationalgaleristen", also "Die Nacht kurz vor den Wäldern" ("The Night Just Before The Forests") of Bernard-Marie Koltès. His production of David Mamet's "Oleanna" at the Schauspielhaus Zürich was invited to the festival Berliner Theatertreffen.
From 1995 Herzog was stage director and "Oberspielleiter" at the Kammerspiele. He also staged plays at the Hamburg Thalia Theater, the Burgtheater in Vienna and the Schauspiel Frankfurt. His first opera productions were Wagner's "Tannhäuser" and Tchaikovsky's "Pique Dame" in Zurich. "Tannhäuser", conducted by Franz Welser-Möst with Peter Seiffert in the title role, was recorded on DVD in 2003. 
From 2000 to 2006 he was "Schauspieldirektor" at the Nationaltheater Mannheim and also staged there Mozart's operas "Così fan tutte" and "Die Entführung aus dem Serail", and Wagner's "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg".
In 2007 Herzog staged at the Zurich Opera Humperdinck's "Königskinder", conducted by Ingo Metzmacher, with Jonas Kaufmann as the King's Son, Isabel Rey as the Goose Girl, and Liliana Nikiteanu as the Witch. Herzog's 2008 Zurich production of Handel's opera "Rinaldo", conducted by William Christie, was recorded on DVD, moving the scene from Jerusalem during the First Crusade to an airport lounge. In 2008 he also staged the "domestic comedy" "Intermezzo" of Richard Strauss, conducted by Peter Schneider, with Christiane Kohl as Christine, "the composer's formidable — and frequently hysterical — wife", Rod Gilfry as the composer, and Roberto Saccà as Baron Lummer. His first production at the Semperoper was in 2009 Handel's "Giulio Cesare in Egitto".
Herzog has been Director of the Dortmund Opera since August 2011, where he first staged Wagner's "Der fliegende Holländer", conducted by Jac van Steen, with Andreas Macco in the title role and Christiane Kohl as Senta. In March 2012, he staged Mendelssohn's oratorio Elias, with Christian Sist in the title role, as a polit story, presenting scenes such as an intensive care unit, a beach party and a presidential campaign. Herzog staged "Die Zauberflöte" at the opening of the Salzburg Festival 2012, conducted by Nikolaus Harnoncourt.

</doc>
<doc id="31145154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145154" title="Burst Apart">
Burst Apart

Burst Apart is the fourth studio album by American indie rock group The Antlers. It was released on Frenchkiss Records on May 10, 2011 and the day before in the UK / Japan / Europe by Transgressive Records. It began streaming on the National Public Radio website on April 24, 2011. The cover art was designed by Zan Goodman, who also designed the album cover for their previous album, "Hospice".
The track "Parentheses" was released as an iTunes single on April 5, 2011.
Reception.
Upon its release, "Burst Apart" received positive reviews from most critics. It currently holds a score of 81 from review aggregate website Metacritic, indicating "universal acclaim." Most critics have noted the contrast between "Burst Apart" and its predecessor "Hospice", a highly conceptual album about a hospice worker who falls in love with a dying patient. Among the most enthusiastic reviews was that of Delusions of Adequacy, which called it "exclusively incredible," "downright astonishing," and "every bit just as breathtaking" as "Hospice". Pitchfork Media gave the album an 8.2 rating and endorsed it with its "Best New Music" label; reviewer Ian Cohen remarked that although "Burst Apart" could not achieve the cult-like following of "Hospice," it is "still tethered to a magnanimity and expressive clarity that makes it almost every bit as devastating." Jeremy Aaron of AbsolutePunk said that while the record "marks a move away from the stifling bleakness" of "Hospice," it is still "an incredible sounding album," composed with "breathtaking elegance." Marc Hawthorne of "The AV Club" likewise commented on the difference, writing that "Hospice" "bummed everyone out--in the best possible way," but that The Antlers were able to create a followup that "easily reaches grand, dramatic heights even while remaining relatively subdued."

</doc>
<doc id="31145165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145165" title="Galerie Sinaa">
Galerie Sinaa

Galerie Sinaa is a gallery and shop in Nouakchott, Mauritania, located near the Russian embassy, northeast of Hotel Halima. It was established in 2005 by two French women to promote local artistes and artisans.

</doc>
<doc id="31145171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145171" title="Raimonds Vaikulis">
Raimonds Vaikulis

Raimonds Vaikulis (born 1980, February 4 in Preili) is a Latvian professional basketball guard, who last played for BK Jurmala.
Pro career.
In 2008, with the Barons, he won the EuroCup and the Latvian Basketball League championship. He is a member of the Latvian national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="31145191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145191" title="First Church of Christ, Scientist (Milwaukee, Wisconsin)">
First Church of Christ, Scientist (Milwaukee, Wisconsin)

The former First Church of Christ, Scientist, built in 1907, is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 1443–1451 North Prospect Avenue in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was designed in the Classical Revival style by noted Chicago architect Solon Spencer Beman, who designed at least a dozen other Christian Science churches across the country. On March 8, 1989, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Today it is occupied by 1451 Renaissance Place and is the venue for weddings and other social events as well as corporate events.

</doc>
<doc id="31145216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145216" title="Kableshkov Ridge">
Kableshkov Ridge

Kableshkov Ridge (, ‘Kableshkov Rid’ \'ka-blesh-kov 'rid\) is the rocky ridge extending 4.5 km in east-southeast direction, 1.5 km wide and rising to 550 m on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is bounded by Zaychar Glacier to the north and Odrin Bay to the southeast, and linked to Detroit Plateau to the west.
The ridge is named after Todor Kableshkov (1851–1876), a leader of the 1876 April Uprising for Bulgarian independence.
Location.
Kableshkov Ridge is centred at . British mapping in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31145220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145220" title="Notes on James Mill">
Notes on James Mill

Notes on James Mill is a text written by Karl Marx in 1844. Originally part of the so-called "Paris Notebooks", Marx criticizes parts of James Mill's "Elements of Political Economy". It forms the foundation for what would later become his "Economic and Philosophical Manuscripts of 1844".
Notes on James Mill is particularly important to the development of Marx's overall project because it gives insight into the concept of non-alienated labor. Here, non-alienated labor is described such that a person's immediate enjoyment of production is seen as evidence of his/her powers. However, it is also described as meeting the needs of others. This confirms the productive and social aspects of a person's species-being.

</doc>
<doc id="31145247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145247" title="Udai Bhan Tewari">
Udai Bhan Tewari

Udai Bhan Tewari is an Indian Mathematician currently Emeritus Professor at IITK. His research work includes contribution in the field of Group algebra and measure algebra of locally compact group. He was awarded Shanti Swaroop Bhatnagar Award for his contribution in mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="31145253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145253" title="Abaeté Futebol Clube">
Abaeté Futebol Clube

Abaeté Futebol Clube, commonly known as Abaeté, is a Brazilian football club based in Abaetetuba, Pará state. They competed in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on March 5, 1936. They won the Campeonato Paraense Second Level in 2004. Abaeté competed in the Série C in 2005, when they were eliminated in the Third Stage by fellow Pará state club Remo.
Stadium.
Abaeté Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Humberto Parente. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,100 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31145255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145255" title="College Tevragh Zeina">
College Tevragh Zeina

College Tevragh Zeina is a college in Tevragh-Zeina, Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just to the southwest of Hôtel Tfeila, near the Moroccan and Russian embassy.

</doc>
<doc id="31145257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145257" title="George Ferebee">
George Ferebee

George Ferebee (or Feribye, Ferrabee, etc.) ("floruit" 1613) was an English composer.
The son of a Gloucestershire yeoman, Ferebee was born about 1573 and matriculated at Oxford on 25 October 1589, aged 16 (Clark). He was a chorister of Magdalen College until 1591. He was admitted B.A. 1592, licensed to be M.A. 9 July 1595, and became vicar of Bishop's Cannings, Wiltshire. Wood relates how Ferebee found and ingeniously made use of an opportunity to display his talents before Queen Anne, the consort of James I, on her way from Bath, June 1613; in the dress of an old bard, Ferebee, with his pupils in the guise of shepherds, entertained the royal lady and her suite as they rested at Wensdyke (or Wansdyke) with wind-instrument music, a four-part song beginning ‘Shine, O thou sacred Shepherds' star, on silly seely Shepherd swains,’ and an epilogue. This quaint and courtier-like action earned Ferebee the title of chaplain to the king.
Nichols mentions the publication, on 19 June same year, of ‘A Thing called “The Shepherd's Songe before Queen Anne in four parts complete musical, upon the Playnes of Salisbury.”’ In 1615 appeared ‘Life's Farewell, a sermon at St. John's in the Devises in Wilts, 30 Aug. 1614, at the Funerall of John Drew, gent., on 2 Sam. xiv. 14,’ 4to.

</doc>
<doc id="31145263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145263" title="2011 NCAA Women's Division II Basketball Tournament">
2011 NCAA Women's Division II Basketball Tournament

The 2011 NCAA Women's Division II Basketball Tournament involves 64 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of women's NCAA Division II college basketball as a culmination of the 2010–11 basketball season.
Qualification and tournament format.
The champions of the 22 basketball conferences qualify automatically. An additional 42 teams are selected as at-large participants by the selection committee. The first three rounds of the tournament are organized in regions comprising eight participants in groups of two or three conferences (two in the Central and Midwest regions). The eight regional winners then meet at the Elite Eight for the final three rounds held at the St. Joseph Civic Arena in St. Joseph, Missouri.
Automatic qualifiers.
The following teams automatically qualified for the tournament as the winner of their conference championships:

</doc>
<doc id="31145266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145266" title="39th Field Artillery Regiment">
39th Field Artillery Regiment

The 39th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Lineage.
Constituted in the National Army as the 39th Field Artillery and assigned to the 13th Infantry Division, 5 July 1918
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/8 inches (2.86 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, issuing from base a phoenix Or rising from flames Proper. Attached below the shield a Red scroll inscribed “CELERITAS IN CONFICIENDO” in Gold letters. 
The shield is red for Artillery. The fabulous bird, the phoenix, symbolizes the reactivation and restoration of the organization. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 39th Field Artillery Battalion on 25 February 1941. It was redesignated for the 39th Artillery Regiment on 26 November 1958. The insignia was redesignated for the 39th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971. 
Coat of arms.
Gules, issuing from base a phoenix Or rising from flames Proper. 
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules, in front of a cloud Argent an isosceles triangle Sable and a war mace palewise the staff counterchanged and the head with six spikes Azure charged with a crescent of the first all surmounted in base by four arrowheads in pile conjoined at the point Gold. 
Motto
CELERITA IN CONFICIENDO (Speed in Action). 
The shield is red for Artillery. The fabulous bird, the phoenix, symbolizes the reactivation and restoration of the organization. 
The war mace, from the arms of Colmar in Northern France, commemorates the organization’s most distinguished war service. The head of the mace is blue in reference to the color of the Distinguished Unit Citation streamer awarded for that action. The six spikes of the mace stand for the organization’s six unit decorations. The crescent alludes to the location of the unit’s first service under fire – Algeria-French Morocco. The four arrowheads are for four assault landings. The cloud and the radiating arrowheads simulate a burst of artillery fire. The black triangle represents the armament area in North Korea known as the “Iron Triangle” during the Korean War. It commemorates the organization’s action in that locality. 
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 39th Field Artillery Battalion on 25 February 1941. It was redesignated for the 39th Artillery Regiment on 26 November 1958. It was amended to add a crest on 23 June 1965. The insignia was redesignated for the 39th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31145278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145278" title="Orr Barouch">
Orr Barouch

Orr Barouch (born 29 November 1991 in Haifa, Israel) is an Israeli footballer.
Career.
Early life and career.
Barouch was born in Haifa, Israel, but moved to the United States with his parents as a child. He grew up in Woodland Hills, California, attended El Camino Real High School and played in the youth ranks of Chivas USA. During the summer of 2009, Barouch was one of the athletes selected to tour Europe] with the SuperElite Discover Europe team of top youth soccer players based in America. While with Chivas he drew the interest of Belgian side Club Brugge. However, in 2009 he elected to sign with Mexico’s Tigres de la UANL. While with the Monterrey based club, Barouch appeared in 24 youth team matches, scoring one goal, primarily as a left winger, and helped Tigres to a first place finish in the Mexican U-20 Apertura tournament, but he never played for senior Tigres team.
Chicago Fire.
During the 2011 Major League Soccer preseason Barouch joined Chicago Fire on trial. Barouch impressed during his trial stint and was signed on loan from Tigres on 10 March 2011, with the American side holding an option to purchase his contract.
He made his professional debut on 19 March 2011 in Chicago's 1–1 tie with FC Dallas on the opening day of the 2011 MLS season., and scored his first professional goal on 24 May in a 2–2 tie with Toronto FC. On 2 December 2011 Chicago Fire purchased the rights to Barouch from Tigres.
On 13 September 2012 Chicago Fire announced it loaned Barouch to the Israeli club Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv for the remainder of the 2012 season.
Bnei Yehuda.
In August 2012, it was reported Bnei Yehuda purchased Orr Barouch for a fee of $400,000 signing the player to a four-year contract. However, there have not been any official announcements from either club confirming this.
On February 14, 2014 Chicago Fire announced Orr Barouch re-joined the team after a year and a half on loan with Bnei Yehuda. 
After struggling for minutes in 2014, Barouch and Chicago mutually agreed to part ways on June 11, 2014.
International.
Barouch grew up in Southern California and is a U.S. green card holder. While trialing with the Chicago Fire in February 2011, he was scouted by then U.S. under-20 coach Thomas Rongen in a preseason match vs. the New York Red Bulls at Lockhart Stadium in Ft. Lauderdale, FL a 4–1 win in which Barouch scored all four goals. Barouch claimed he was trying to gain his U.S. citizenship with the hopes of joining the U.S. U20 team in the 2011 FIFA World Championships in Colombia, but "hangups" coupled with the team's failure to qualify for the tournament put the plans on hold.
With his impressive play for the Fire, Barouch received his first call up and cap for the Israeli U-21 National Team in a 4–1 friendly loss against England U-21's on 5 September 2011. Barouch assisted on Israel's lone goal in the 25th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="31145281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145281" title="Mosque Tevragh Zeina">
Mosque Tevragh Zeina

Mosque Tevragh Zeina is a mosque in Tevragh-Zeina, Nouakchott, Mauritania.It is located southeast of the Stade olympique, immediately east of the Clinique Chiva.

</doc>
<doc id="31145285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145285" title="Pilipinas Got Talent (season 2)">
Pilipinas Got Talent (season 2)

The second season of Pilipinas Got Talent premiered on ABS-CBN on February 26, 2011. International artist Billy Crawford, Luis Manzano of , and Nikki Gil take role as the hosts of the show. Once again, the judges include former ABS-CBN executive Freddie M. Garcia, Kris Aquino, and Ai-Ai de las Alas. Auditions for this season were then held in several key cities in the Philippines including Dagupan, Batangas, Naga, Cebu, Davao, and Manila. The show ended last June 26, 2011.
Auditions.
The auditions for the second season takes place in key cities in the Philippines. Major auditions are held in Cebu, Davao, Naga, Batangas, Dagupan and Metro Manila where the hopefuls are judged by Kris Aquino, Ai-Ai de las Alas and Freddie "FMG" Garcia. Also, micro-auditions are also held in other cities including Laoag, Tuguegarao, Baguio, Nueva Ecija, Olongapo, Pampanga, Laguna, Lucena, Legazpi City, Roxas City, Bacolod, Cagayan de Oro, and General Santos City and judged by the staff of Pilipinas Got Talent.
Judges Cull.
After the nationwide auditions, 174 acts made it to the Judges Cull where the judges select the top 36 semi-finalists. The Judges Cull for Luzon and Visayas auditions were held at Dolphy Theater in ABS-CBN where 26 acts made it to the semi-finals. On the other hand, the remaining 10 acts from Mindanao were personally visited by the judges in their hometown to inform the news that they are qualified for the semi-finals.
Top 36 Results Summary.
Color Key
Live shows.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-finals was held in PAGCOR Grand Theater in Casino Filipino, Parañaque City where the 36 acts competed in six weeks for the twelve slots in the Finals. Every week, two acts will make it to the Finals through public vote and judges' vote.
Wild Card Round.
While this season's semi-final went through the same procedure are the previous season, this season introduced the wild card round in which the judges' vote losers in the first six rounds were given a second chance to compete for two more spots in the Finals. Finalists selected from the wild card round would entirely be determined by public vote; this section only covers buzz-outs since the judges' observations and comments would not largely affect the outcome of the voting. Voting procedure is slightly different is this round; in the results night, the top 3 compete in a second round of performances and voting from which the top two would advance to the Finals.
The wild card round was announced near the end of the sixth semi-finals round and was held on June 11 and 12, 2011. This was also the first time in the entire "Got Talent" franchise that wild card competitors were given a chance to have spots in the finale.
Finals.
The Finals was held at the Araneta Coliseum on June 25–26, 2011. Twelve acts from the Semi-Finals round and Wild Card winners performed again to win the title of the second Pilipinas Got Talent winner. A week before the Finals, two special episodes called "The Road to the Finals" was aired, profiling the fourteen Finalists. For the performance night, Nikki Gil took co-hosting duties from Luis Manzano, who was having another commitment at the time.
Another change for the Finals was the limits in public voting. A user of one SIM card number or e-mail address could only give up to 30 or 32 votes (depending on the method of voting) to a single act per day to ensure fairness.
National Ratings.
"Pilipinas Got Talent Season 2" hits all time high 38.2% national rating. 
<br>The National Ratings came from the whole-wide Philippine coverage of TV audience ratings from Kantar Media Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="31145293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145293" title="Yevgeniya Startseva">
Yevgeniya Startseva

Yevgeniya Aleksandrovna Startseva (; born 12 February 1989) is a volleyball player from Russia. She was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 2010 World Championship.
Career.
tartseva won the 2014 FIVB Club World Championship gold medal playing with the Russian club Dinamo Kazan that defeated 3-0 the Brazilian Molico Osasco in the championship match.

</doc>
<doc id="31145295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145295" title="Rachel Walling">
Rachel Walling

FBI Special Agent Rachel Walling is a literary character created by Michael Connelly in 1996 novel "the Poet" and starring again it its second sequel "the Scarecrow" thirteen years later. In the interim, Walling appeared in the first "Poet" sequel, the Harry Bosch novel "the Narrows", as well as the Bosch novels "Echo Park", "The Overlook" and "The Black Box" and the Mickey Haller novel "The Reversal".

</doc>
<doc id="31145318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145318" title="Pattalam">
Pattalam

Pattalam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31145322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145322" title="Clinique Chiva">
Clinique Chiva

Clinique Chiva is a hospital in Tevragh-Zeina, Nouakchott, Mauritania.It is located south of the Stade olympique, immediately west of the Mosque Tevragh Zeina.

</doc>
<doc id="31145325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145325" title="Goals in the Air">
Goals in the Air

Goals in the Air is a 1972 children's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle.
Plot summary.
The book tells the story of Kenny Rider a young striker who plays for fictitious Second Division team Marton Rangers. Kenny manages to break into the first team at the age of sixteen and attracts a lot of attention and some jealousy for his talent and goalscoring ability. Unfortunately, off the field Kenny has to contend with a range of problems including an apathetic girlfriend and an actively hostile father. Whilst many of Hardcastle's other books see their protagonists triumph over adversity, the end of this short novel sees Kenny continuing to struggle with the many pressures of top class football.

</doc>
<doc id="31145328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145328" title="Ziros, Preveza">
Ziros, Preveza

Ziros (, fnamed after "Lake Ziros") is a municipality in the Preveza regional unit, Epirus, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the village Filippiada.
Municipality.
The municipality Ziros was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 4 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31145339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145339" title="Carinostoma">
Carinostoma

Carinostoma is an harvestmen genus in the family Nemastomatidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31145343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145343" title="Zodiac (ride)">
Zodiac (ride)

Zodiac is a ride at Thorpe Park, Surrey, United Kingdom.
History.
The ride originally opened in 2000 as 'Enterprise', though it came to be renamed 'Zodiac' the following year to better suit the expanding Lost City theme alongside the opening of Vortex (Thorpe Park). This marked the decision to maintain the ride as a permanent installation, though an incident during which a gondola became partially detached from the main frame of the ride early during the 2004 season necessitated that the ride be replaced. The eventual replacement (for 2006) was yet another Huss Enterprise - sourced from Drayton Manor theme park - that was differently decorated to the original (2001-2004), having a plain white finish on the spokes and minimal red stripes. This has still not been rectified, suggesting that the park have no intention of doing so.
Ride Experience.
Riders enter small gondolas that are suspended next to a large disc that spins once the ride is in motion. The small gondolas seat two people and there are no restraints, the idea being that the force of the ride will hold you in place and allow you to experience the ride more freely. Ride operators run round the large disc to check that all the cabins have their gates closed correctly. When it is considered safe, Zodiac is put into motion. The disc starts to spin, slowly at first, but becoming faster and faster. Eventually, the suspended gondolas are being forced almost completely sideways and the disc starts to pitch upwards into the air on a powerful hydraulic arm. Once the spinning disc is upright, riders are inverting in the suspended cars, completing a manuveure similar to a vertical loop element of a rollercoaster. After several full rotations, the arm lowers, the disc slows and riders slowly come to a halt as gravity takes over and reorientates the base of the gondolas towards ground.
Incidents.
On the rare occasion that Zodiac (or any other HUSS Enterprise), tilts over 90 degrees, an emergency stop procedure is initiated. This is a very uncomfortable situation for guests as the gondolas swing uncontrollably until the wheel comes to a halt. The ride slowly lowers itself back to a level position.

</doc>
<doc id="31145345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145345" title="The Weightless EP">
The Weightless EP

The Weightless EP is the first release under the name Stillman by singer-songwriter Chaz Craik.
Recording.
The EP was performed and recorded in Craik's home studio with the exception of the drums played by Ben Townsend at an unknown studio. Craik took the edited audio files to Propagation House, Holsworthy, Devon where he oversaw the mixing and mastering of the EP. Upon return to London he decided the mastering process had overly-flattened the music's dynamics and remastered the mixes himself.
Cover Art.
The cover art was done by Craik himself and features an early version of what would go on to become the Stillman logo, namely the stick figure in the circle. Craik has said that it originally represented a magnifiying glass focused on a person falling off the edge off the world. A theme that is set out in the lyrics of the title track. The image seemed to strike a chord with listeners of the album and it was differently interpreted as a man floating in a bubble or even grown in a petri dish. Craik adopted it as the logo and after this EP the hand-drawn version appears on the covers of all his subsequent releases in some form.
Reception.
The EP was chosen as single of the week by Planet Sound, at that time Channel 4 teletext's music zine. They said of it -
'Very, very few singer-songwriter albums that get released induce so many shivers. It's as if Elliot Smith and Tom McRae got together to make the music they can't quite do on their own. Think that's hyperbole? Get a copy and prove us wrong.'
It was given overwhelmingly positive reviews by a variety of webzines and fanzines, among them the following -
'able to conjure peaks of sublime melodic textures from thin air..to walk from this unaffected is to not love music at all' - "Losing Today"
'His vocals are magnificently rich, floating over the eclectic instrumentation..Magnificent stuff and hopefully its a taster for a full length effort further down the line' - "The Beat Surrender"
'put me in mind of the cracked poetry of a post-Britpop Paul Simon, ‘The Weightless EP’ is a truly special record'

</doc>
<doc id="31145346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145346" title="Odrin Bay">
Odrin Bay

Odrin Cove (, ‘Odrinski Zaliv’ \'o-drin-ski 'za-liv\) is the 10 km wide bay indenting for 7 km Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, and entered southwest of Fothergill Point and northeast of Spoluka Point. Its head is fed by Zaychar Glacier, Sinion Glacier, Akaga Glacier and the glacier featuring Arrol Icefall.
The bay is named after the settlements of Odrintsi in Northeastern and Southern Bulgaria.
Location.
Odrin Bay is centred at . British mapping in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31145350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145350" title="Richard Blakeney">
Richard Blakeney

Stephen Richard St Leger Blakeney (31 March 1897 – 1984) was an English cricketer who was born in the British Raj.
During the First World War Blakeney served in the Indian Army and was promoted on 30 January 1917 to the rank of 2nd Lieutenant. Returning to England at some point after 1917, he later played Minor Counties Championship cricket for Devon, making his debut for the county in 1924 against Cornwall. He represented Devon in five further matches in 1924 and 1924, the last of which came against Monmouthshire.
Returning to the Raj, Blakeney made his first-class debut for the Europeans (India) against the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1926. In the Marylebone Cricket Club's first-innings he took a single wicket, that of Jack Parsons. In the Europeans first-innings he scored 16 runs before being dismissed by Maurice Tate. He played his second first-class match in 1934 for Sind against Northern India. In the Sind first-innings he scored just a single run before being dismissed by Baqa Jilani, and in their second-innings he scored 5 runs, being dismissed by Khadim Hussain.
At some point later he moved the Australia, where he died in Melbourne, Victoria in 1984, although the exact date isn't known.

</doc>
<doc id="31145361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145361" title="Treatment of ADHD through working memory training">
Treatment of ADHD through working memory training

Individuals with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and other learning disabilities typically have a limited working memory capacity. Working memory is the memory system used for many cognitive tasks such as storing and retrieving information from long-term memory, in addition to, retaining and manipulating information currently being processed for short periods of time. Professionals have begun to use working memory training to improve the efficiency of this system, as well as, the amount of information that can be stored in working memory at any given time. During working memory training, participants complete a number of verbal and visual-spatial tasks, and are later tested for signs of improvement in the different aspects of the working memory. One particular focus of working memory training has been the improvement of the working memory in individuals with ADHD and other learning disabilities, along with, decreasing various symptoms of these disorders. Beneficial effects for children with ADHD not only include improved working memory capacity, but additionally a decrease of inattentive behaviours, hyperactivity, motor activity, and impulsivity.
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).
Subtypes.
"Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder or ADHD" involves two major symptoms: inattention and hyperactive-impulsive behaviour (or disinhibition). Both, children and adults, may suffer from one or both of these symptoms, and are categorized into three subtypes depending on the presence or absence of these symptoms.
The 3 classifications for ADHD are:
If necessary, when criteria are not met but significant symptoms are still present, individuals are labeled as:
This type is also applied to individuals who had ADHD and are currently seeking “maintenance treatment”.
The prevalence of each type varies; with predominantly hyperactive-impulsive type comprising less than 15% of all cases, predominantly inattentive type comprising 20-30%, and the combined type accounting for 50-75% of cases. ADHD is more prevalent in males than in females. It was once thought that individuals "grow out" of ADHD with age, but this is no longer considered the case.
Symptoms.
Early qualitative reviews attributed social problems in ADHD to the impairing nature of core symptoms such as impulsive and hyperactive behavior; specifically, the propensity of children with ADHD to be “intrusive, boisterous, annoying, and generally aversive to peers and
others” (Landau and Moore 1991, p. 235)."Inattention" involves impairment in the ability to focus, maintain attention on a given task, and avoid distraction suitably for your age group. Inattention is also characterized by an increase in disorganization, forgetfulness, and distractedness in children, compared to children in the same age group. Symptoms of inattention have been used to differentiate ADHD from learning disabilities, or psychiatric disorders.
Besides ADHD, other potential causes of inattention, include: developmental problems in particular brain regions, family situations, unreasonable expectations of a child by parents or teachers, a conscious effort to avoid humiliation, certain sleep disorders, chronic lack of sleep, insufficient breakfast, recurrent bullying, or specific learning disabilities in academic situations.
Children with ADHD have problems with inattention in a variety of settings including those observed in school. This is caused by an inborn deficit in the brain for monitoring inhibition and self-control. This impairment in self-regulation is neurologically based and affects brain function critical for focused and sustained attention; which is the main source of the difficulties they face. This type of inattention is often called “primary inattention”, in contrast to, the inattention caused by other factors mentioned above.
Besides inattention, the other major difficulties of ADHD are "hyperactivity" and "impulsiveness". Hyperactivity is characterized by difficulty controlling movements so that they are purposeful and goal-oriented. Impulsiveness involves a greater difficulty moderating behaviour and resisting temptation. Disinhibition includes both hyperactivity and impulsiveness. "Disinhibition" appears as problems with "fidgetiness", staying in one's seat, playing loudly, talking too much, interrupting, and more difficulty waiting in a line or taking turns. Moreover, issues with disinhibition arise at an earlier age, compared to problems with inattention. Similarly difficulties in both disinhibition and inattention decline with age; however difficulties with inattention remains more stable, are constant for a longer period of time, and declines at an older age. Meanwhile, disinhibition is related to a larger amount of difficulties in comparison with inattention.
Children with ADHD additionally experience difficulties in other areas, such as learning, behaviour, and emotional regulation. Some other symptoms of children with ADHD include: being more active than other children, talking more, interrupting conversations of others, difficulty controlling motor overflow movements, problems stopping ongoing behaviour, and having more trouble turning down instant gratification or temptations. Children with ADHD also show impaired encoding with regard to strategy and efficiency.
In regards to research, ADHD is of fairly recent interest to scientists and psychologists. During 1957 to 1960 there were less than three dozen articles on the subject, compared to 20 years later during 1987-1990 when there were over 7000 articles published. Moreover much of the discussion involves children and educational situations.
Childhood Executive Function Inventory.
Childhood Executive Function Inventory (CHEXI) is a newly developed and promising measure of identifying young children with ADHD. Instead of classifying this disorder based on a specific set of several symptoms that must be present in the individual, like in the DSM-IV-TR, CHEXI focuses only on the inhibitory control, and the working memory of the individual. Studies have found CHEXI has the ability to discriminate very well between children with ADHD and normally developing children. Furthermore, the results indicated by CHEXI are highly similar to those classified by parent and teacher ratings. CHEXI is still in the early stages of development. Future researchers still must determine specific cut-offs, research CHEXI using longitudinal studies, and compare CHEXI ratings with many more alternative measures of ADHD if CHEXI is to be one day used in clinical practice.
Working Memory.
Working Memory Overview.
"Working Memory" is a memory system used for keeping information in mind while carrying out a number of other cognitive tasks. These tasks include the insertion of information into long term memory, and the retrieval of information from long term memory. Working memory capacity allows for the retention and manipulation of information for short periods of time. Working Memory is described through the three part model put forward by Alan Baddeley and Graham Hitch which includes the visuospatial sketchpad, the central executive, and the phonological loop. The phonological loop has two components: short term storage for phonological information for a time period of seconds called the phonological store, and a second component to refresh this store called the articulatory process.
The visuo-spatial sketchpad involves keeping visual and spatial information in mind, and is more difficult to measure and study than the phonological loop. The central executive is said to be the most important and complex part of Working Memory. It is also the least understood. The central executive has been proposed by Baddeley as conceptually equivalent to the supervisory attentional system of Norman and Shallice, and thus directly linked with attentional control. Therefore, the study of working memory and the central executive are applicable to ADHD.
Working memory and ADHD.
Children with ADHD typically have deficits in their working memory, which is attributed to frontal lobe impairment. Moreover, because of the connection between attentional control and the central executive, impairments in Working Memory likely influence the difficulty with maintaining attention observed in those with ADHD. It is suggested that no division exists between various features of attention and operation in the Working Memory, especially the central executive. Furthermore, improvements in Working Memory are also linked with the ability of ADHD children to stay still for longer periods of time.
Children with ADHD have difficulties in the automatic processes needed to engage in tasks and to learn new skills without much conscious thought, which is related to working memory. Specifically, something that is automatic for most individuals, such as packing last night's homework before school, children with ADHD must concentrate in order to focus on the task at hand, without becoming distracted. Another study failed to show problems with inhibition, with regard to, cognitive suppression in adolescents and adults with ADHD. Nevertheless, the same study did recognize an impairment in controlling interference with working memory.
Working Memory Training.
Working memory training is a method that focuses on the use of verbal and visuo-spatial tasks to improve the working memory capacity of individuals that possess poor working memory. Specifically there is a focus on improving the working memory capacity of children with ADHD and other intellectual disabilities; however it is not restricted to these groups. Working memory training is also used on a larger extent of the population. For example adult neuropsychological patients like those with multiple sclerosis, or adults who have experienced a stroke, and many more groups of individuals ranging from children to the elderly who possess a poor working memory. Strategies are taught to increase performance on the verbal and visuo-spatial tasks, and increased performances are hoped to produce transfer effects. Simply put, the overall goal and assumption of working memory training is that the resulting improvement in task performance will lead to improvement in everyday situations that rely specifically on working memory. Working memory training may lead to this by strengthening working memory capacity, presenting strategies to assist working memory, or by developing voluntary control of attention.
Working Memory Training Tasks.
Working memory tasks are conducted on computers and are often paired with positive reinforcement, feedback of the individual’s performance, and other motivational features such as displaying the individual’s current score beside their personal best score. Practicing these tasks demands numerous processes such as encoding, inhibition, maintenance, manipulation, shifting and controlling attention, and the ability to manage two tasks simultaneously or dividing attention. Possible forms of the tasks include recalling a series of locations of items on the screen, recalling digits or letters in either the order presented or reverse order, or recalling specifically where a particular number or digit was in a sequence. Computers are additionally programmed to adjust the difficulty of the task to the individual’s performance with each trial in order to maximize learning and overall improvement. If the individual does poorer on one trial, the difficulty will decrease. Similarly, if the individual excels on the next few trials, the difficulty will increase. Two ways of altering the difficulty is by adjusting the number of stimuli that is needed to be remembered, and adding visual distractions.
Strategies.
Common strategies used in Working Memory Training include repetition of the tasks, giving feedback such as tips to improve one’s performance to both the parents and the individual, positive reinforcement from those conducting the study as well as parents through praise and rewarding, and the gradual adjustment of the task difficulty from trial to trial. More explicitly used strategies by the individual include rehearsal of material, chunking, pairing mental images with the material, mnemonics, and other meta-cognitive strategies. The latter strategies have been learned and there is a conscious awareness of their use.
Training Set-up and Evaluation.
Before training commences participants complete pre-training verbal and visuo-spatial tasks, which are additionally completed in the study’s follow-up as post-training tasks. Pre-training and post-training tasks vary, some studies use verbal and visuo-spatial tasks along with slightly different tasks; referred to as “nontrained tasks.” Klingberg et al. used visuo-spatial tasks, a Span board, the Stroop task, Raven’s Coloured Progressive matrices, and a choice reaction time task, during pre-training and post-training. Holmes et al. used a nonword recall task, mazes memory task, listening recall, and the “odd one-out” task. By using tasks that differ from ones in the study, laboratory results can demonstrate transfer effects if high scores are achieved, since these were not learned during training.
The training itself is set up in studies so that participants attend a set amount of sessions over a given period of time that widely varies between studies. This can vary anywhere from two weeks to a span of eight weeks. The time spent in sessions also ranges, with some studies being as short as fifteen minutes to other studies lasting forty minutes. Studies can take place in the lab, or even at home with researchers keeping in touch through weekly phone calls. There is no universal way to set up the training schedule, since all schedules tended to vary to at least to some degree. The effects are tested immediately after training is completed and again a few months after, or even up to a year later, to see if the training outcomes are still in place. Testing and evaluation can be based on the measures of academic efficiency, ratings of the individual’s symptoms from teachers and parents, comparing the experimental to the control groups of the study, and self-report measures.
Transfer Effects.
There are many possible transfer effects from working memory training. An increase in working memory capacity could make individuals more likely to take on tasks that have a higher working memory load, such as math and other challenging academics. Holmes et al. reported an improvement in mathematical reasoning, even six months after training was completed. Furthermore, there has been parent reported decreases of inattentive behaviours, hyperactivity, and impulsivity in children with ADHD, in addition to, a decrease in motor activity. However the majority of transfer effects are seen in lab-based nontrained tasks that are completed during follow-up and immediately after training is over. Findings from these results vary according which nontrained tasks the researcher chooses to use. The main general finding in these studies, confirm experimental groups improve on trained tasks in comparison to control groups, and that effects will need retraining to maintain.
Working Memory Training to Help with ADHD.
Working memory training is said to improve general cognitive ability. It can also show “transfer effects” which are improvements in areas other than Working Memory. This is relevant for children with ADHD since ADHD is associated with a deficit in Working Memory. Additionally, numerous transfer effects of this kind of training are relevant to ADHD such as: academic improvements, decrease in motor activity, improved reading comprehension, greater attentiveness, decreased hyperactivity, and so on. As such, there is hope that Working Memory training, through an improvement of Working Memory and other transfer effects, could improve the symptoms associated with ADHD.
Psychostimulant medication has been used as an effective remedy for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder symptoms for some time, but some studies claim that in medicating children we fail to address the root of the problem, and that effects diminish once patients are no longer medicated. Because of this, researchers have been investigating non-pharmacological methods for improving ADHD symptoms. As mentioned previously, literature has shown that working memory plays a large part in a person’s ability to maintain focus on a given task, such that one must retain information in either the phonological rehearsal loop, or the visuospatial-sketchpad, while using the central executive to direct current focus on the goal at hand. An especially crucial part of this process is maintaining focus on goal-relevant information in the presence of distractors. Since a primary symptom of ADHD is a deficit in attentional control, it may follow that by improving the working memory of individuals with ADHD, the severity of their symptoms of inattention may decrease as a result.
Effectiveness of Working Memory Training for Treating Children with ADHD.
Effects of Training on Working Memory and Short Term Memory in Children with ADHD.
Recently, a computerized-training program has been developed that has been shown to improve working memory deficits as displayed by children with ADHD, as well as normally developing children and stroke patients. In this method, patients complete 20-25 tasks that incorporate use of working memory and that increase in difficulty as the patient’s working memory capacity and efficiency increases. A study by Holmes et al. further investigated the effectiveness of this training program and compared it to the effectiveness of using psychostimulant medication alone. Participants were assessed for verbal short-term memory, visuo-spatial short-term memory, verbal working memory and visuo-spatial working memory while off medication for at least 24 hours, and then again once back on medication. A control group completed the tasks in the absence of the algorithm used to increase difficulty as the participant’s performance improved, to control for improvements being made because of increasing familiarity with the activity. After completing these tasks over a period of 6–10 weeks they were assessed for improved working memory using the Automated Working Memory Assessment, immediately following training and again 6 months later. Considerable improvements were seen in all four aspects of working memory, both after working memory training and by using stimulants alone. The greatest improvement in working memory was observed after working memory training in children who were also taking stimulant medication, as compared to working memory training only. Here, children all four components of working memory improved, and working memory proficiency increased from below-average levels to average or above-average levels for their age. They also found that children who completed the tasks with increasing difficulty showed substantially more improvements in visuo-spatial working memory, nonverbal reasoning and response inhibition. Improvements were still present at a follow-up assessment 6 months later, and children also showed classroom improvements in mathematical reasoning, suggesting that benefits of working memory training may extend to overall academic performance. This study presented promising implications for the lasting effectiveness of working memory training, but was limited in that its participants may not have been representative of the ADHD community because researchers did not systematically diagnose children with ADHD prior to conducting the study. Rather, the studies relied on the opinions of the participant's pediatricians and child psychiatrists.
Effectiveness of Training on Specific Symptoms of ADHD.
Several studies have found improvements in specific symptoms of ADHD following working memory training. Kerns and his colleagues administered an attention demanding task upon 14 children diagnosed with ADHD. Prior to this, half of the children received working memory training specially designed to improve attentional control twice a week over a period of 8 weeks, and half received no training. There was no control group for which task difficulty did not increase to match participants’ developing working memory. Those that received training performed better on the attention-demanding task than those who did not, and also displayed better performance on other tasks not specific to aspects of working memory. However, parent and teacher-reported symptoms of ADHD did not improve.
Klingberg conducted a similar study in which children with ADHD participated in 20-25 verbal and visuo-spatial working memory exercises, which included an experimental condition where task difficulty did not increase as the children progressed through training. After training, most of the children who participated in the adaptive training condition showed improvements in mathematical reasoning, response inhibition and decreased hyperactivity, as well as a number of other ADHD symptoms according to parent reports.
Beck et al. investigated whether improved working memory in children formally diagnosed with ADHD leads to decreased severity of specific ADHD symptoms, such as inattention, as indicated by parent and teacher ratings. Before training, parents and teachers filled out the Connor’s Rating Scale, and were asked to report on the children’s level of oppositional, cognitive problems, inattention, hyperactivity and a general ADHD index. Once children completed the 20-25 sessions of working memory training, parents and teachers filled out the Connor’s Rating Scale a second time. Working memory training led to significant improvements in parent and teacher reports of all four subsets of ADHD symptoms indicating that working memory training may be a promising and lasting method for improving symptoms of ADHD. These findings are meaningful in that they provide a hopeful alternative for the use of stimulant medication in young children and adolescents, a topic of much debate in the clinical field and society at large. Improving working memory appears to reach the basis of the problems underlying ADHD by altering children's capacity for retaining relevant information, while enhancing their ability to maintain focus and to avoid being side-tracked, which could help children become calm, attentive and successful members of the classroom and in many other areas as well.
Limitations and Directions for Future Research.
Most research has its limitations, and working memory training is no exception. Probable confounding variables are a lack of comparison between experimental and control groups at the study’s follow-up, and parents and teachers not being blind to the study, therefore expectancy effects may influence their reports of changes in the participant. A more complex problem involves the idea that, on the one hand, having lab based studies with short follow-ups create problems with its ecological validity; however trying to solve this by training outside laboratory setting creates possible issues with compliance over extended periods of time, and the lack of supervision that takes place causing enhanced negative effects on the results.
Future research directions include longer follow-ups, specifically examining the various subtypes of ADHD, more studies on the less researched populations such as individuals with brain injury, and trying to find more "clinically meaningful behaviour" in transfer effects as opposed to transfer effects seen in the lab. More specific questions future research hopes to discover involve: optimal duration of training, correct spacing of training sessions to create durable improvements, the role of reward and motivation, and the influence of individual variables such as age.

</doc>
<doc id="31145373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145373" title="Nouakchott Convention Center">
Nouakchott Convention Center

The Convention Center (Palais des Congrès) in Nouakchott, Mauritania is located north of the Olympic Stadium and next to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The modern building, which has a 700-seat plenary room with several large break out rooms and is equipped for simultaneous translation capabilities, is used for both commercial and government meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="31145377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145377" title="Carinostoma elegans">
Carinostoma elegans

Carinostoma elegans is an harvestmen species in the genus "Carinostoma" found in Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="31145380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145380" title="John Egioke">
John Egioke

John Egioke (c 1616 - 22 December 1663) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Egioke was the eldest son of Sir Francis Egioke of Shernock Court. He was at Lincoln's Inn in 1635. In 1645 he was added to the Parliamentary Committee of Worcestershire and was appointed an assessment commissioner in 1656.
In 1660, Egioke was elected Member of Parliament for Evesham in the Convention Parliament. On 10 July 1660 he was appointed J.P for Worcestershire.
Egioke married Mary Draper, widow of William Draperand daughter of Richard Cresheld.

</doc>
<doc id="31145398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145398" title="Flirting with Disaster">
Flirting with Disaster

Flirting with Disaster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31145406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145406" title="Richard Paul Blakeney">
Richard Paul Blakeney

Richard Paul Blakeney (1820–1884) was an Irish-born religious writer and cleric.
Blakeney was descended from an old Norfolk family, which had removed to Ireland before his birth. He was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, where he graduated B.A. in 1842, taking high honours in theology. In 1852 he proceeded LL.B. and LL.D. He became curate of St. Paul's, Nottingham, in 1843, vicar of Hyson Green, Nottinghamshire, in 1844, vicar of Christ Church, Claughton, Birkenhead, in January 1852, vicar of Bridlington in 1874, rural dean of Bridlington in 1876, and canon of York in 1882. 
The university of Edinburgh conferred on him the degree of D.D. in 1868. Blakeney died at Bridlington on 31 December 1884. He was well known as a vigorous champion of evangelical doctrines in the Church of England, and was the author of a large number of controversial books and tracts, which attained a wide circulation. 

</doc>
<doc id="31145455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145455" title="Pieter Mosterman">
Pieter Mosterman

Pieter Johannes Mosterman (born March 16, 1967) is Senior Research Scientist at MathWorks in Natick, Massachusetts. He also holds an Adjunct Professorship at the School of Computer Science at McGill University in Montreal, Canada. His primary research interests are in Computer Automated Multiparadigm Modeling with principal applications in design automation, training systems, and fault detection, isolation, and reconfiguration.
Early life.
He was born in Nes on the island Ameland off the coast of the Netherlands. In 1985 Pieter Mosterman started the B.Sc. program at the University of Twente which he received in 1987, followed by his M.Sc. in Electrical Engineering from the Control Laboratory in 1991. In 1992 he enrolled in the Ph.D. program of Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN, and graduated at the Center for Intelligent Systems in 1997 with a Ph.D. in Electrical and Computer Engineering. His dissertation was on Hybrid Dynamic Systems: A hybrid bond graph modeling paradigm and its application in diagnosis. After graduation, during 1997 - 2001, Mosterman was Research Associate at the German Aerospace Center (DLR) in Oberpfaffenhofen, Germany.
Career.
Mosterman is the Editor of the CRC Press book series on "Computational Analysis, Synthesis, and Design of Dynamic Systems".
He coedited: 
Service activities as Associate Editor include: 
Mosterman is a Member of Advisory Boards: 
Mosterman served as Editor-in-Chief of SIMULATION: Transactions of SCS for the Methodology section, Guest Editor of special issues of SIMULATION, ACM Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation, and IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology (TCST) on the topic of CAMPaM, and as Associate Editor of TCST. Since 2004 he has organized the annual International Bellairs CAMPaM Workshop. From 2007 through 2009 he co-organized the Model-Based Design for Embedded Systems track at the Design Automation and Test in Europe conference and in 2009 he was General Chair of a 2009 workshop on Designing for Embedded Parallel Computing Platforms: Architectures, Design Tools, and Applications. He co-organized the Computational Modeling and Simulation of Embedded Systems track at the 2007 Summer Computer Simulation Conference, the International Conference on High Level Simulation Languages and Applications in 2007, and the 14th International Workshop on Principles of Diagnosis in 2003.
Mosterman's patents include: 
Awards.
Mosterman designed the Electronics Laboratory Simulator, nominated for The ComputerWorld Smithsonian Award by Microsoft Corporation in 1994. 
He authored HyBrSim — A Modeling and Simulation Environment for Hybrid Bond Graphs for which he was awarded the IMechE Donald Julius Groen Prize in 2003. 
He received The Society for Modeling and Simulation International (SCS) Distinguished Service Award in 2009.
Summary.
Pieter J. Mosterman: 

</doc>
<doc id="31145459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145459" title="José María Jesús Carbajal">
José María Jesús Carbajal

José María Jesús Carbajal (1809–1874) (also spelled Carvajal, Caravajal, Carabajal and Carbahal) was a Mexican freedom fighter, who opposed the Centralist government installed by Antonio López de Santa Anna. Carbajal was a direct descendant of Canary Islands settlers who emigrated from their islands to San Antonio, Texas in the 18th Century. As a teenager in San Antonio, he was mentored by Stephen F. Austin, and came under the spiritual guidance of Alexander Campbell while attending school in Virginia. He was a surveyor by trade, and a politician as a result of historical events. Carbajal married into the influential De Leon family of Victoria, Texas. He called himself "a true Mexican" whose allegiance lay with the people of Mexico. Carbajal opposed the dictatorship and political machine of Santa Anna. He turned his back on the Republic of Texas and moved to Mexico, where he conducted guerrilla warfare against Mexico's Centralist government. Carbajal was active in the establishment of the Republic of the Rio Grande, and made an unsuccessful attempt at establishing the break-away Republic of Sierra Madre. Indicted twice in the United States for his activities, Carbajal was never convicted in a court of law. He was an early supporter of Benito Juárez, and was appointed military governor of Tamaulipas.
Early life.
Birth and background, Stephen F. Austin.
José María Jesús Carbajal was born one of eleven children in 1809 in the villa of San Fernando de Béxar, which would later become the American city of San Antonio, Texas, to soldier José Antonio Carbajal Peña and his wife María Gertrudis Sánchez Soto. The family was directly descended from Jeronimo Carbajal, who came to San Antonio with other Canary Islands settlers in the 18th Century. José Antonio died while José María was a young child, leaving his widow and eleven children to survive in a community that was beginning to receive Anglo settlers. Among the Anglos the family befriended was Stephen F. Austin, who took young José María under his mentorship.
Kentucky, Virginia, return to Texas.
Austin obtained parental permission for young Carbajal to travel to Frankfort, Kentucky in 1823 with merchant Littleberry Hawkins and learn the tanning trade from Hawkins' brother-in-law Blanchard. Two years later, Carbajal moved to Lexington to train under a saddle maker by the name of Peter Hedenbergh.
Carbajal converted from Catholicism to Protestantism in 1826 and was baptized in the Reformed Baptist Church of Lexington. It was at this church that Carbajal heard theologian Alexander Campbell of Bethany, Virginia. Campbell enrolled Carbajal in Bethany College, and Carbajal roomed in the Campbell home for the next two years.
Carbajal had returned to Texas in 1830 and requested Austin's assistance in marketing bibles that had been translated into Spanish by the Bishop of Madrid. The price of the bibles was to be on a sliding scale, depending on an individual's ability to pay. It is unknown whether Austin involved himself with the Bible sales. Austin did, however, have such sufficient faith in Carbajal's character and abilities by 1832 that Austin detailed him to New Orleans on a personal issue, to meet with Rezin Bowie and collect a debt owed to Austin by the Bowie family.
Political beginnings.
Surveyor.
Carbajal decided upon the profession of surveyor, completing his studies in his chosen field by 1831. His bi-lingual abilities gave him an advantage when communicating to Anglo settlers the complex legal documents written in Spanish. Stephen F. Austin sponsored him in obtaining employment as the official surveyor for empresario Martín De León and his wife Patricia de la Garza De León to plat the town of Victoria, Texas. The market square he originally laid out is now known as DeLeon Plaza and Bandstand. Carbajal married the De Leon daughter María del Refugia De León Garza and became one of the colonists who settled in the De Leon land grant.
The Law of April 6, 1830 of Mexico had been passed to stop the tide of Anglo immigration into the country, hoping to safeguard against the annexation of Texas by the United States. The state government of Coahuila y Tejas sent Carbajal and Jose Francisco Madero to conduct land grant surveys in East Texas in January 1831, for settlers who had been residing outside the authority of any other empresario grants prior to 1828. A confrontation about the granting of the titles arose between Madero and Mexican Colonel Juan Davis Bradburn, who was the military governor over Galveston Bay. After correspondence disputing Madero's authority to make the surveys, and Madero's faux pas of not making a courtesy call to discuss the issue, Bradburn issued a directive on February 13, instructing Madero to meet with him. When Madero ignored that order, Bradburn immediately arrested both Madero and Carbajal. The two remained incarcerated for ten days. They were released, pending Bradburn's receiving further direction from Mexico City. Madero and Carbajal resumed their surveying, filing sixty completed land titles. On April 12, the government in Saltillo sent Madero orders to stop surveying in Bradburn's territory, but the work had already been completed by that date.
Coahuila y Tejas.
Carbajal, aided by influence from Stephen F. Austin, threw his energies into politics. In May 1831, Carbajal became part of an elected caucus formed to redress the Mexican government over Bradburn's actions. Six months later in November, Carbajal was appointed to the San Felipe local government. In 1832, Carbajal had a seat on the Nacogdoches town council. He was also instrumental in assisting the town of Liberty with setting up its own town council.
Antonio López de Santa Anna was elected President of Mexico on April 1, 1833, after effecting the ouster and exile of President Anastasio Bustamante. Santa Anna revoked the 1824 Constitution of Mexico and replaced its Federalist form of government with a Centralist regime to further his military dictatorship. He appointed his brother-in-law Martín Perfecto de Cos as commandant-general northeast of Saltillo.
Carbajal had been ad interim secretary for the ayuntamiento of Bexar. In the spring of 1835, he was elected deputy to the legislature of Coahuila y Texas, as one of Bexar's pro-immigration liberals. In March, Carbajal was elected secretary and authorized to publish the laws and decrees of the state in English and Spanish. Carbajal, along with James Grant and John Marie Durst of Nacogdoches were on the Committee of Civic Militia and Colonization. Carbajal met with Samuel May Williams, whom he had known through Stephen F. Austin. Williams wanted to enlist Carbajal's help in passage of a new law he planned to introduce.
The Four Hundred League Law, was first proposed as Decree 278 and passed April 19, 1834. It authorized the governor to sell up to four hundred leagues (1.5 million acres) in Texas, in order to generate income for the state treasury for the purpose of a volunteer militia to protect the citizenry specifically against Indian attacks. Samuel May Williams and John Durst introduced Decree 293, which passed on March 14, 1835, and was similar to Decree 278. However, Decree 293 did not limit the funding to protection against Indian attacks. 293 also lifted restrictions for the method of selling the four hundred leagues of land. On March 16, Williams, Durst and Grant proposed to buy the four hundred leagues themselves, before the land went on sale to the public. Grant also gave Williams his power of attorney in the sales. The appearance of conflict of interest angered many. Some saw the potential of a militia as a possible threat against Santa Anna.
General Cos declared the new law illegal. On March 31, 1835, the Central Government passed the Federal Militia Reduction Act 1835. On April 28, 1835, federal legislation in Mexico invalidated the Four Hundred League Law. The state legislature challenged the federal invalidation, and the two entities found themselves entangled. General Cos sent troops to shut down the legislature, and ordered the arrest of all who voted for the Four Hundred League Law.
Colonel Domingo Ugartechea, as principal commandant of Coahuila y Texas, ordered Carbajal arrested, but soldiers were unsuccessful in their attempts at doing so when they arrived in Victoria. Upon orders from Victoria's alcalde, who happened to be Carbajal's brother-in-law Plácido Benavides, the local Victoria militia blocked the soldiers from entry into Victoria, and the soldiers retreated.
Carbajal had gone into hiding. He described himself as a "true Mexican" who was not in opposition to Mexico, but rather Santa Anna and the Centralist regime he had installed.
Texas war of independence.
In 1835, Stephen F. Austin issued an appeal for arms to equip the Texans in the war against Santa Anna. Carbajal responded to his old mentor's appeal by teaming up with his brother-in-law Fernando De León, and with Peter Kerr, who would later found Burnet, Texas. The trio rounded up horses and mules, and herded them aboard the "Hannah Elizabeth" to be traded for munitions in New Orleans. During a pursuit by the Mexican warship "Bravo" on the return trip with the purchased equipment, the crew was forced to dump the cargo into the Gulf of Mexico. The crew of the "Bravo" boarded the "Hannah Elizabeth", taking several prisoners. Carbajal and De León were incarcerated at Brazos Santiago, but Kerr was set free. Fernando De León was released with payment of a bribe. Carbajal was transferred to Matamoros, Tamaulipas, with an intended transfer for imprisonment at San Juan de Ulloa. Plácido Benavides bribed the guards at Matamoros to effect an escape for Carbajal, who afterwards returned to Victoria. The United States government took public credit for release of all prisoners.
During the Texas War of Independence many Mexicans were opposed to Santa Anna's regime, but refused to take up arms against their own people. Carbajal counted himself among those conscientious objectors. Mexicans who refused to take up arms were suspected as sympathizers, if not active allies, of the Santa Anna regime, and they were treated accordingly. Brigadier General Thomas Jefferson Rusk confiscated the homes of those who wished to remain neutral in the war. In July 1836, Rusk ordered the Carbajal, Benavides and De Leon families of Victoria escorted off their own land. The two families left for New Orleans. Having been stripped of their wealth and everything they owned, they resorted to manual labor to survive in New Orleans. Carbajal renounced his ties to the new Republic of Texas.
In 1842, Carbajal's brother-in-law Silvestre De León returned to Victoria, and was murdered.
Freedom fighter and guerilla warfare.
Federalist wars of Mexico, Republic of the Rio Grande.
After Santa Anna lost Texas, Anastasio Bustamante returned from exile and in 1837 once again became President of Mexico. The people of Mexico blamed Santa Anna's Centralist regime for the loss of Texas. They saw Bustamante as his puppet, and wanted a return to the Federalist form of government. Carbajal and Antonio Canales Rosillo recruited insurgents to resist the Centralist troops, and to try to establish a break-away republic. During one of the skirmishes, Carbajal was struck by a musket ball and permanently lost the use of his left arm.
Mexican-American War.
The 1845 annexation of Texas by the United States was the opening salvo of the Mexican–American War. Mexico had seen the government of the Republic of Texas as illegitimate, and hoped for a return of Texas to Mexico. Complicating the annexation issue was the disputed area of the Nueces Strip.
Seeing an opportunity to revive the Federalist cause, Canales Rosillo sent a letter to Zachary Taylor on January 29, 1846, requesting a meeting with either himself or Carbajal, to discuss United States aid in ousting the Centralist government. During a meeting with Carbajal, Taylor requested Carbajal submit a written proposal. Carbajal's written proposal detailed their request for money, supplies and ammunitions to support their rebellion. Additionally, they wanted Taylor's permission to recruit several thousand volunteers from the United States. In return, the Federalists only offered to retain the status quo situation of the Nueces Strip being open for negotiation. Taylor forwarded the request to Secretary of War William L. Marcy, who declined the request. Marcy did, however, instruct Taylor that if any Mexicans wanted to cross the border to enlist in the United States military, Taylor was to welcome them.
Carbajal and Canales Rosillo threw their loyalties behind the Centralist government, conducting guerilla warfare in the border regions against the United States. The war came to an end in 1848 with the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
The Merchants War.
Carbajal sought to establish a Federalist state in 1851, the Republic of Sierra Madre. Mexican import tariffs and the issue of runaway slaves from Texas became facilitating factors. Abolitionists in Texas had developed an underground to assist runaway slaves to escape to freedom in the Mexican border area. Out of this situation grew bounty hunters who were dedicated to recovering runaway slaves.
The mercantile smuggling industry had developed in the border areas, due to Mexico's ban of some imported goods, and exorbitant import duty on the goods it did allow. The ensuing rebellion over the import tariffs came to be known as the Merchants War. The initial seed money for Carbajal's army was raised in June 1851 through the sale of Mexican land grants to disgruntled merchants in Texas. An additional $6,000 came from an earlier loan that Carbajal's mother-in-law Patricia de la Garza De León had advanced him before her 1849 death. Carbajal recruited his troops from within Texas, some of whom joined in part because he had promised them recovery of the runaways. Among the recruits were thirty Texas Rangers led by Colonel John S. Ford.
In 1851, Carbajal led an incursion of filibuster troops from Texas into Mexico, and on September 19 attacked Camargo. The captured Mexican troops signed a surrender agreement. Carbajal immediately slashed the Camargo tariff rates for goods coming into Mexico, resulting in an immediate increase of goods, and filling the coffers of the Camargo customs house. His action was countered by Mexican General Francisco Avalos, who announced a tariff cut for any goods entering Mexico through Matamoros. On October 6, 1851, Carbajal's troops captured Reynosa. On October 20, 1851, Carbajal's troops began their ten-day attack on Matamoros. Avalos and reinforcements put up a fierce resistance. On October 30, Carbajal ordered his troops to retreat.
On November 24, 1851, Carbajal's troops engaged Centralist troops in Cerralvo, and lay siege to the town. On November 27, Carbajal received word that a thousand Centralist reinforcements were about to enter Cerralvo. Carbajal ordered his troops to retreat. In February 1852, the Carbajal troops again advanced on Camargo. This time they were beaten back by National Guard troops from Ciudad Victoria, under the command of Antonio Canales Rosillo.
A grand jury in Brownsville, Texas issued an indictment in January 1852 against Carbajal and others, for violation of the Neutrality Act of 1818. A change of venue to Galveston was granted. The charges were dismissed on January 2, 1854, due to technicalities on the qualifications of the original grand jurors who brought the indictment. During the Texas state fair held in Corpus Christi in May 1852, Carbajal was a featured speaker, raising funds and support for his Federalist cause.
Former members of Carbajal's group, led by Major Alfred Norton and A.J. Mason, conducted an armed raid in Carbajal's name on Reynosa on March 25, 1853. General William S. Harney had Carbajal and some of his associates arrested and indicted on March 31 by U.S. District Attorney William Pitt Ballinger. Nolle prosequi (unwilling to pursue) was entered in the case in June 1855.
Castle Carbajal, Piedras Negras.
Prior to the Mexican–American War, Carbajal had moved to Camargo Municipality, Tamaulipas, where he taught school and did some surveying work. At the end of the war, Carbajal returned to Camargo and built a grand home that became known as Carbajal's Castle. By 1855, Carbajal had moved his family to Piedras Negras.
In October 1855, Texas Ranger James Hugh Callahan, retreating from a skirmish with Seminole Indians, burned Piedras Negras to the ground. Carbajal filed a $21,792 damage claim with the United States government, but his claim was denied. In 1856, in the midst of a dispute between Santiago Vidaurri and Camargo over customs receipts, Carbajal's castle was destroyed.
Reform war.
Santa Anna returned to power in 1853. In order to raise money to build up the Mexican army, he made a $10 million deal in 1854 to sell to the United States of Mexico that are now part of Arizona and New Mexico. The sale of Mexican lands to the United States was a tipping point that helped foster the Plan of Ayutla, removing Santa Anna from office once again in 1855. This set the stage for a tug of war between conservatives and liberals in Mexico. Carbajal sided with Minister of Justice Benito Juárez, who became president of Mexico in 1858.
General David E. Twiggs abandoned Fort Brown in 1859. On September 28, Juan Cortina captured Brownsville, Texas, to exact revenge on persons he considered his enemies. Two days later, Carbajal led a group of men who persuaded Cortina to depart. When Brownsville formed its own militia, Carbajal loaned the city twenty-five muskets from the National Guard. Cortina continued to cause problems in Mexico, and Carbajal requested the intervention of assistance from the United States.
The contested 1861 election for the seat of governor of Tamaulipas caused Carbajal as head of the Rojas Party, to invade Matamoros. With no clear victory in Carbajal's incursion, Benito Juarez declared martial law in Tamaulipas and named Santiago Vidaurri as state military commander. Vidaurri ordered Colonel Julian Quiroga into Matamoros to bring an end to the conflict. Carbajal escaped into Texas. Brigadier General Henry McCulloch ordered Colonel John S. Ford to arrest Carbajal and turn him over to Quiroga. Ford instead told Carbajal of the arrest warrant, and allowed Carbajal to escape. McCullouch then relieved Ford of his command.
Carbajal was appointed military governor of Tamaulipas in 1864.
French incursion.
The Reform War drove the Juarez government of Mexico into debt with four powerful countries: France, England, the United States and Spain. In January 1862, France, Great Britain and Spain had taken over the customs house in Veracruz to recoup some of the monies owed them. Great Britain and Spain eventually withdrew. Napoleon III planned an invasion to acquire Mexico for France.
Juarez enlisted Carbajal as general of the Liberal forces. On November 12, 1864, Juarez authorized Carbajal to enlist upwards of ten thousand foreign citizens. Juan Cortina had been in control of Matamoros, and surrendered the city to the French, under the contole of Tomas Mejia. President Abraham Lincoln and Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton sent General Lew Wallace on a covert operation to assist Carbajal in procurement of arms and ammunition. In 1866, Napoleon III withdrew his troops from Mexico. Mejia surrendered Matamoros to Carbajal, who was by then Governor and Military Commandant of Tamaulipas. Seizures of churches from French clerics, and forced loans from French-leaning merchants were part of Carbajal's operations. Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada appointed Santiago Tapia to replace Carbajal. The military garrison of Matamoros also rebelled against Carbajal.
Personal life and final years.
When María del Refugia De León Garza accepted Carbajal's marriage proposal, her mother Patricia de la Garza De León had strong objections to her Catholic daughter marrying a Protestant. In spite of that issue, the couple tied the knot in 1832. Their first son Antonio was born in 1833. José María Jr. was born in 1834. The year of son Cresenciano's birth is unknown, but his death is listed as 1846. During the Civil War, Carbajal enrolled his two surviving sons in Bethany College in Virginia, where they lived with Alexander Campbell.
Carbajal retired in 1870 to his ranch in Mexico. He died in Soto la Marina, Tamaulipas in 1874, where he had been living since 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="31145469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145469" title="St. Joseph's High School, Patna">
St. Joseph's High School, Patna

St Joseph's High School is a Christian, co-educational school located in Patna, India. The school offers nursery, primary and secondary education. From 2012, It has been upgraded to offer higher secondary education (10+2) by CBSE. 
History.
St. Joseph's School was founded in 1974 with Founder Director Ms. Raj Nair.
Organization.
Courses of Study.
St. Joseph’s High School is a full fledged secondary school with classes from Pre-Nursery (Play) to XII. It prepares the students for the secondary school certificate examinations held by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). The medium of instruction is English.
Nursery classes and Play School.
The Nursery and prep children are not burdened with any formal teaching and are allowed to learn in a free atmosphere. Activities include music, dancing, listening to stories, handling materials, spashing colours on paper, playing with toys individually as well as collectively and role playing.
Class teacher system in Junior Classes.
There is a class teacher system in class I to III in which the concerned class teacher handles at least three subjects in the same class. This prevents compartmentalization of subjects.
To inculcate language skills, spoken English is emphasized. Stories are told, dramatized and drilled so that children learn new words and enrich their vocabu
The academic programs are supplemented with co-curricular activities in which inter-house competitions are organised. Some of the facilities offered are:
Academic evaluation and assessment.
The school has a system of continuous and comprehensive assessment. There are cycles of unit tests and terminal examinations including the final. Weightage is given to house/class assignments and projects. Students are promoted on the basis of the cumulative performance in the academic year.
Parents are kept apprised of the progress of their children through parent teacher meetings organised every term.
Admissions.
Admissions are granted mainly in Nursery and play school. However, if seats are available admissions to other classes are possible. Entry is decided by the age criteria laid down by the Bihar Government. Admissions are granted on the basis of merit.
Transport.
School provides transport facilities in limited areas.
Facilities.
Library.
The school has two libraries and one for the seniors (Classes VI to X). They are stocked with books on all subjects to meet the needs of staff and students. A large number of magazines, journals and newspapers are subscribed to.
Science Laboratories.
There are three laboratories for the three main disciplines i.e. Physics, Chemistry and Biology.
Computer Center.
Computer education is a part of the school curriculum. Computer education programmes have been introduced for students from class IV upwards. Two air-conditioned laboratories are equipped with computers, software and computer literature. A multimedia center for classes KG to III is held.
Music and Dance Department.
There are rooms for vocal, instrumental, western music and Dance which are taught as art forms. Musical instruments are provided.
Activity room.
The activity room is a room for tiny tots. Toys which serve an educational purpose are provided to the children so that they receive their first lessons to work and play together.
Play school.
The school has a play school with swings, see-saws, climbing ladders, merry-go-round, and duck pool.
Playground.
The school has a play field with facilities for team games such as football, volleyball, cricket, and basketball. The children can get coaching in basketball, table tennis, volleyball and cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="31145472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145472" title="John Fergushill">
John Fergushill

John Fergushill (1592?–1644), was a Scottish minister.
Fergushill was the son of David Fergushill, merchant and provost of Ayr, was educated partly at Edinburgh University, partly in France, and partly at the university of Glasgow, where his name occurs among the incorporati in 1611, and among the laureati in 1612. He was licensed to preach as a minister of the Scottish kirk and had a charge at Ochiltree in 1614. He was cited to appear before the high commission court at Glasgow in March 1620, and refusing to submit to its jurisdiction was suspended, and sentenced to be imprisoned in Perth. By the influence, however, of his friends, Robert Boyd of Trochrig, and John Chalmers, the court was induced to permit his return to Ochiltree under certain restrictions. There he appears to have continued to officiate until in October 1639 he was transferred to Ayr. He was a member of the assembly in 1638.
He died on 11 June 1644, aged about 52.

</doc>
<doc id="31145492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145492" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Mauritania)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Mauritania)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the national ministry of foreign affairs of Mauritania. It has its headquarters in Nouakchott, just to the northwest of the Nouakchott Convention Center complex.

</doc>
<doc id="31145505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145505" title="União Recreativa dos Trabalhadores">
União Recreativa dos Trabalhadores

União Recreativa dos Trabalhadores, commonly known as URT, is a Brazilian football club based in Patos de Minas, Minas Gerais state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil three times.
History.
The club was founded on July 9, 1939. They won the Taça Minas Gerais in 1999, when they beat Democrata-GV in the final, and in 2000, when they defeated Ipatinga in the final. URT competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2000, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Fluminense, in 2001, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Mixto, and in 2006, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Londrina.
Stadium.
União Recreativa dos Trabalhadores play their home games at Estádio Zama Maciel. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,800 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31145525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145525" title="Josefina Molina">
Josefina Molina

Josefina Molina (born 14 November 1936) is a Spanish film director and screenwriter. Her 1989 film "Esquilache" was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival. Her film "Teresa de Jesús" won several awards, including the Antena de Oro (1984), and the TP de Oro (1985, Best National Series).
Life.
Born in Córdoba, Andalusia in 1936, she studied Political Science and in 1962 she funded an experimental theater group in his native city directing a numbers of plays. By 1968 she had begun directing her first television documentaries for the series "Aqui España" "(Here, Spain)". During the period of her apprenticeship in television, Molina also pursued studies at the "Escuela Oficial de Cine" (EOC), completing her degree in 1969 as the first woman in the history of the film school to receive a degree in film direction. 
Molina first feature length film was "Vera, un cuento cruel" (1973) "(Vera, a cruel story)", a Gothic horror story. She continued to work on television directing more than forty dramatic programs for state television. At the same time she worked on the theater directing a stage adaptation of "Cinco Horas con Mario" "(Five hours with Mario)" (1979) adapted from a popular novel written by Miguel Delibes. She then scripted and directed a Cinéma vérité film involving the play's leading actress, Lola Herrera, and her real life estranged husband, Daniel Dicenta in "Función de Noche" (1980)"(Evening Performance)". The film, which bared many of the intimate details of the couple's life, underscored certain feminist themes related to the legacy of Francoist culture on the social formation of Spanish Women. Though Molina previously had dealt with women's issues in her television dramas an adapting Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's House", and the documentary: "La Mujer y el deporte" (Women and sports), her films began to focus more on women's themes. 
One of Josefina Molina most successful works was her highly praised television docudrama, Teresa de Jesús (1984), a biopic of Teresa of Ávila, the sixteenth century Spanish saint and Doctor of the Church. In 1988 she directed "Esquilache" a historical film starring Fernando Fernán Gómez as Leopoldo de Gregorio, Marquis of Esquilache. It was based on the play "Un Soñador Para Un Pueblo" by Antonio Buero Vallejo. She received a Goya Award nomination as best director for "Esquilache". Her following film "Lo mas natural" (1990) "(The most natural thing)" had a feminist input. "La Lola se va a los puertos" (1993) ("Lola goes to the ports"), starring the singer Rocío Jurado, was her last feature film. In 1998 she directed "Entre naranjos", an adaptation of the eponymous novel written by Blasco Ibáñez a made for television project. Since then Molina has retired from directing.
A pioneer in Spain of films directed by women, she funded CIMA (Asociación de mujeres cineastas y de medios audiovisuales), an association of female filmmakers together with Inés París, Chus Gutiérrez, Icíar Bollaín and Isabel Coixet of which she is honorary president. In 2011 the Spanish Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences gave her an honorary Goya Award.

</doc>
<doc id="31145528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145528" title="Adam Ferguson (disambiguation)">
Adam Ferguson (disambiguation)

Adam Ferguson (1723–1816), Scottish philosopher and historian, "the father of modern sociology".
Adam Ferguson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31145529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145529" title="Old Fort, Nouakchott">
Old Fort, Nouakchott

The Old Fort is a fort in northeastern Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located to the northeast of the Presidential Palace, near the Stadium of Ksar and College d'Application.

</doc>
<doc id="31145533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145533" title="Karl Heinz Göller">
Karl Heinz Göller

Karl Heinz Göller (1924–2009) was a noted German medievalist and founder of the Mediävistenverband, the German association for medieval studies.
Biography.
Karl Heinz Göller was born in Neheim-Hüsten (now Arnsberg) near Dortmund, Germany, in 1924. He served from 1942 as a signalman in the airforce and was a prisoner of war until 1945. After the war he studied English in Bonn, submitting a doctorate on the 17th-century poet James Thomson in 1955, and a Habilitation on English Arthurian literature in 1962. He taught at the Universities of Bonn and Göttingen before assuming the chair of British Literature at the University of Regensburg in 1967, a position he held until his retirement in 1992. In 1973 he served as president of the Deutscher Anglistenverband, a learned society for English scholars in Germany, and in 1983 he delivered the plenary at the International Congress on Medieval Studies at Western Michigan University.
Göller was the inspiration behind the founding of the Mediävistenverband, which he had imagined as a "Medieval Academy of Europe" parallel to the Medieval Academy of America, and was its president from its inception in 1983 until 1989. 
The same European vision lay behind his later connections with Eastern Europe: after the collapse of Communism, Göller championed the idea of recreating a Central European intellectual sphere, and in particular used his influence to support English studies in Poland.
From among his students, Uwe Böker, Renate Haas, Christoph Houswitschka, Anke Janssen, Franz Meier, and Richard Utz became leading researchers in the field of English and Medieval Studies. 
Göller was widely admired for the number and range of his publications: six books and over 110 essays on topics as diverse as the Old English elegies, Chaucer, Shakespeare, Shelley, T. S. Eliot, Sylvia Plath, Ted Hughes, nursery rhymes and science fiction.
Festschriften.
Three collections of essays were published in Göller’s honour:

</doc>
<doc id="31145534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145534" title="Columbinia">
Columbinia

Columbinia is a left-handed, air-breathing land snails genus in the family Clausiliidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Columbinia" include:
subgenus "Columbinia" Polinski, 1924
subgenus "Paranenia" Rehder, 1939
subgenus "Steatonenia" Pilsbry, 1926

</doc>
<doc id="31145552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145552" title="Soccer Comes First">
Soccer Comes First

Soccer Comes First (originally published as Soccer Is Also a Game) is a 1966 children's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle. It is the first in a series of books focusing on the fortunes of fictitious English football team Scorton Rovers. 
Plot summary.
The book begins with retired England striker Andy Blair who has recently moved to the town of Scorton watching the local team struggle in a Second Division match. After the game he is approached by club chairman Herbert Graydon who convinces him to come out of retirement and play for Rovers. As the story progresses Andy, whose performances begin to lift Rovers up the table, introduces his eighteen-year old son Bobbie into the team. Bobbie, despite playing well, becomes mixed up with some local match-fixers and experiences some difficulties in his relationship with his girlfriend Adrienne who he follows to Bristol on the eve of a big game to try to resolve their problems. Andy feels forced to take matters into his own hand and tackles the match-fixers himself before retrieving his son. At the novel's conclusion the Blairs are reunited and can finally concentrate on trying to ensure Rovers win promotion to the First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31145553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145553" title="Stadium of Ksar">
Stadium of Ksar

The Stadium of Ksar is a sports field in northeastern Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located to the northeast of the Presidential Palace, near the Old Fort and College d'Application.

</doc>
<doc id="31145559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145559" title="Michael Foley (Leitrim Gaelic footballer)">
Michael Foley (Leitrim Gaelic footballer)

Michael Foley is a Gaelic footballer from County Leitrim, Ireland, and is a member of the Leitrim inter-county panel since 2002. He has played with Leitrim at all levels, winning a Connacht Minor Football Championship in 1998 and a Connacht Junior Football Championship in 2004.
He is a former member of the Dunkeerin club, before he transferred to Kilcock in Kildare.
He is known as an ace freetaker with his county.

</doc>
<doc id="31145569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145569" title="Jennifer Aniston Goes Viral">
Jennifer Aniston Goes Viral

"Jennifer Aniston Goes Viral", known also as "Jen Aniston's Sex Tape", is a viral video advertisement by Glacéau, starring actress Jennifer Aniston, that promotes the smartwater bottled water brand. The video was uploaded to YouTube on 7 March 2011 and, , had attracted more than nine and a half million views.
The video.
The nearly three-minute-long video opens with teenage Internet personality Keenan Cahill lip-syncing to Far East Movement's "Like a G6", when Aniston enters the room and asks him whether he knows songs about water. The scene cuts away to Aniston introducing smartwater and explaining that she must make a video that "turns into a virus".
The video proceeds to parody a series of viral tropes, including animals (golden retriever puppies, a skateboarding dog and a talking parrot that says "Rachel, I love your hair"—a reference to Aniston's character Rachel Green on the television series "Friends" and the popular Rachel haircut), animated dirty-dancing babies, a double rainbow and a groin kick to a fan "that's worth about 100,000 hits". Then, in slow motion, Aniston swings her hair and drinks seductively from a bottle of smartwater while "Baker Street" plays in the background.
The ad closes with Aniston's team of three "Internet boys" suggesting the name "Jen Aniston sex tape" for the video, to which she replies "I love it!"
Reception.
Tom McKendrick, writing for Fairfax Media's "Life & Style" feature, described the video as "a viral video to kill all viral videos", with the name 'Jennifer Aniston sex tape' "enough to ensure its success". "Console Digest" characterized the project as combining a viral marketing campaign and "a pretty face" in a way that is "ironic" and "aware", and which demonstrates that "these days it doesn't matter what you're selling as long as the setting is amusing". "Contactmusic.com" considered the advertisement to be "cleverly made" and reported, on 10 March 2011, that the video had "gone viral" and "taken the Internet by storm".
The video received mostly positive responses from YouTube users, and activity on the microblogging website Twitter made "Jennifer Aniston" a trending topic.

</doc>
<doc id="31145576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145576" title="Treaty with Tunis (1824)">
Treaty with Tunis (1824)

The Treaty with Tunis was signed on February 24, 1824 (24 Ramada II, A. H. 1239), between the United States of America and the "Barbary State" of Tunis, nominally part of the Ottoman Empire. 
Ratified by the United States between January 13 and 21, 1825

</doc>
<doc id="31145584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145584" title="Timucua (disambiguation)">
Timucua (disambiguation)

The Timucua were a Native American people of northern Florida and southeastern Georgia.
Timucua may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31145610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145610" title="Ophthalmological Hospital (Nouakchott)">
Ophthalmological Hospital (Nouakchott)

The Ophthalmological Hospital is an ophthalmological hospital in northeastern Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located to the northeast of the Presidential Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="31145617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145617" title="Adam Ferguson (soldier)">
Adam Ferguson (soldier)

Sir Adam Ferguson (1771–1855) was keeper of the regalia in Scotland.
Life.
Ferguson was the eldest son of Professor Adam Ferguson. At Edinburgh University he was one of the companions of Walter Scott. He was also one of the nineteen original members of the society, ‘called by way of excellence the Club,’ among the members of which, from the accident of a Newhaven fisherman mistaking him for a brother of the craft, he obtained the cognomen of Linton. It was in company with Ferguson that Scott in 1793 first visited the scenes in Perthshire on the highland border which he afterwards described in his poems and romances.
About 1800 Ferguson entered the army; he became captain of the 101st regiment in February 1808, and afterwards he served in the Peninsular War under the Duke of Wellington. He was taken prisoner during Wellington's retreat from Burgos in 1812, and was not released till the peace of 1814. On 8 October 1816 he went on half-pay.
In 1817 Ferguson accompanied Scott in an excursion in the Lennox, and in the following year he and his sisters took up their residence in the mansion-house of Toftfield, which Scott had recently purchased, and on which, at the ladies' request, he bestowed the name of Huntly Burn. In the autumn of this year Ferguson, mainly through the exertions of Scott, was appointed keeper of the regalia of Scotland, which then had recently been discovered. About this time Sir David Wilkie executed for Scott the picture in which Scott and his family are represented as a group of peasants and Ferguson as a gamekeeper or poacher.
In 1819 Ferguson, in the capacity of secretary, accompanied Scott's friend, the Duke of Buccleuch, then in declining health, to Lisbon. In 1821 he married the widow of George Lyon of London, and daughter of John Stewart of Stenton, Perthshire. On the occasion of the visit of George IV to Edinburgh he was knighted on 29 August 1822. He died 1 January 1855.

</doc>
<doc id="31145630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145630" title="Columbinia elegans">
Columbinia elegans

Columbinia elegans is a left-handed, air-breathing land snail species in the genus "Columbinia".

</doc>
<doc id="31145634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145634" title="Joint meetings of the Australian Parliament">
Joint meetings of the Australian Parliament

This article is about Joint meetings of the Australian Parliament.
Australia has a bicameral federal parliament, consisting of the Senate and the House of Representatives. Subject to the Constitution of Australia, each House has its own rules, standing orders and procedures; its own presiding officer; and meets separately, at dates and times it alone decides.
However, there are some occasions when the two Houses have come together as a single body. 
Reasons for joint meetings.
The reasons for joint meetings have included:
Resolving deadlocks between the two Houses.
The Constitution makes provision for a joint sitting as part of a procedure to resolve legislative deadlocks between the House of Representatives and the Senate. Section 57 provides that, under certain circumstances where there is a deadlock over a bill, both houses may be dissolved in a double dissolution. This is followed by a general election, and the bill may be put to the separate Houses of the newly elected parliament for reconsideration. If this still fails to resolve the deadlock, the bill may be considered by a joint sitting, convened as a single legislative body. If passed by the joint sitting, the bill will be treated for all purposes as if it had been separately passed by the two Houses. 
The only time such a joint sitting has occurred was on 6-7 August 1974.
Casual vacancies in the representation of the Territories in the Senate.
Between 1975, when the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) and the Northern Territory (NT) gained direct representation in the Senate, and 1989, when the ACT gained self-government (the NT had gained self-government in 1978), the choice of a replacement ACT or NT senator to fill a casual vacancy was made by a joint sitting of both Houses. This occurred twice: 
Casual vacancies for ACT or NT senators are now filled by the ACT Legislative Assembly or the NT Legislative Assembly respectively, under Section 44 of the "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918". 
A joint sitting of the federal parliament would still be used to fill a casual vacancy in the representation of any external territory, in the event that such a territory ever gains separate Senate representation.
Special commemorative joint sitting.
On 9 May 2001, the Parliament met in a special joint sitting at the site of the 1st Parliament, the Royal Exhibition Building in Melbourne, to commemorate the Centenary of that event specifically, and the Centenary of Federation more generally. The joint sitting was addressed by the Governor-General, Sir William Deane.
Secret meetings.
During World War II, the Parliament met in secret on a number of occasions, to hear confidential reports on the progress of the war. There is no Hansard record of the proceedings.
The House of Representatives met in secret on 13 December 1940, 29 May 1941, and 20 August 1941.
Both Houses met in secret joint sittings on 20 February 1942, 3 September 1942, and 8 October 1942.
It has been claimed that one of these joint sittings was addressed by General Douglas MacArthur, but as there is no official record of the proceedings, this cannot be confirmed.
Addresses by invited guests.
The first address by an invited guest to the Parliament in a formally convened joint sitting of which there was an official record was on 3 January 1992, by the U.S. President, George H. W. Bush. Later addresses to joint sittings were from U.S. Presidents Bill Clinton (1996) and George W. Bush (2003); and President of China Hu Jintao (2003). (George W. Bush's and Hu Jintao's addresses occurred on consecutive days in October 2003.)
Subsequently, the Senate Standing Committee on Procedure and the Senate Standing Committee of Privileges both recommended that the practice of formally convening a joint sitting for these purposes be discontinued, as they had no constitutional authority, and there were doubts about the validity of the presiding officer of one house giving instructions to members of the other house. On 2 March 2006, it was agreed that future addresses by invited dignitaries would be to a meeting of the House of Representatives only, but to which the members of the Senate would be invited as guests. Those who have addressed such meetings include: Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair (27 March 2006), Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper (12 September 2007), and President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono (2010).
On 20 June 2011 John Key, Prime Minister of New Zealand, was the first New Zealand leader to address the Australian Parliament. This reciprocated the address by the Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard to the New Zealand Parliament in February 2011.
On 17 November 2011, U.S. President Barack Obama addressed the Parliament. This reciprocated an earlier address by Julia Gillard to the U.S. Congress.
Note: On 29 November 1951, a visiting delegation from the United Kingdom House of Commons presented a Mace to the House of Representatives, a gift from King George VI to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Federation. Each of the three members of the delegation (Richard Law, David Rhys Grenfell and Joseph Grimond) also addressed the House.

</doc>
<doc id="31145640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145640" title="Treaty with Morocco (1836)">
Treaty with Morocco (1836)

The Treaty with Morocco was signed on September 16, 1836 (3 Jumada II, A.H. :1252), between the United States of America and the "Barbary State" of Morocco. 
Submitted to the Senate December 26, 1836. (Message of December 20, 1836.) Resolution of advice and consent January 17, 1837. Ratified by the United States January 28, 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="31145641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145641" title="Treaty with Algiers (1815)">
Treaty with Algiers (1815)

The Treaty with Algiers was signed on June 30, 1815, between the United States of America and the "Barbary State" of Algiers, nominally part of the Ottoman Empire. As the treaty provided in Article One:
It was ratified by the United States Congress on December 26, 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="31145646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145646" title="Lion Brewing and Malting Company">
Lion Brewing and Malting Company

Lion Brewing and Malting Company of Jerningham Street, Lower North Adelaide was one of the many breweries which proliferated in Australia in the nineteenth-century. In those days beer was much cheaper than now; the wholesale price was 1/ a gallon, but transport was expensive, and small breweries were to be found all over the country. Most of these have now disappeared, having either closed down or become merged in larger businesses. Lion Brewing and Malting eventually confined itself to malting barley and manufacture of aerated waters and cordials.
The company was floated in 1888 in order to secure the brewing, hotel and property assets of Beaglehole and Johnston, issuing 75,000 shares of £1 each. The company owned many hotels in South Australia including the Cross Keys Hotel at Dry Creek (and subdivided around 20 acres adjacent in 1912), the Flagstaff Hotel, Darlington, the Oriental Hotel in Osmond Terrace, Norwood and the Bath Hotel at 91 King William Street in the city.
Johnston brothers.
Andrew Galbraith Johnston (1827 – 18 December 1886) and James Johnston (1818 – 12 April 1891) and three other brothers, all of Campbeltown, Scotland, arrived in South Australia on the Buckinghamshire early in 1839 with their father, who soon built one of South Australia's first malthouses and founded the town of Oakbank. He served a ten-year apprenticeship as a draper, then opened a shop in Reedy Creek which he left for the goldfields. He was quite successful and with his brother James, after a brief stint as a miller in Bridgewater, joined his father's brewing business and together built it into a highly profitable business.
Robert Cock, a "first settler" who accompanied Governor Hindmarsh on HMS Buffalo, and for whom Cox's Creek was named, has been reported as founder of the malting business. and had a substantial farm in the area.
James Johnston was one of the best-known men in the south, as his firm had business connections and valuable hotel property in all the principal centres of the district. He took an active interest in the politics of the Onkaparinga district and was generous in his support of the Woodside and Mount Barker Institutes. He was one of the founders of the Mount Barker Agricultural Society (missing only one of its first 44 annual shows) and with his brother Andrew was an active promoter of the Onkaparinga Racing Club (now Oakbank Racing Club), and its Great Eastern Steeplechase, first run in 1876. He was an enthusiastic proponent of "acclimatisation of useful species" and stocked the district about his home with Californian quail, and filled the Onkaparinga with perch. He was married to Minnie Disher,(died 11 April 1900) a sister of Lady Milne.
James's son John Disher Johnston was a partner in the brewery. Another son, J. S. Johnston (1871?–22? May 1892) was partner in the Broken Hill, New South Wales brewing firm of Simpson, Johnston and Co. 
W. H. Beaglehole.
William Henry Beaglehole (6 May 1834 – 1 June 1917) was born at Helston, Cornwall, and came to South Australia at the age of 15. He started work as a builder, engaged on (among other projects) the earliest section of the Children's Hospital. When gold was discovered in Victoria he joined the rush and had some success at Castlemaine. He then operated as builder and developer, in partnership with a Mr. Hazelgrove, in the copper-mining towns of Kadina, Wallaroo, and Moonta then for eight years was landlord at Moonta's Royal Hotel. He was the founder of Moonta's first Masonic lodge, and became a member of the town council.
Architect James Cumming designed for him a two-storey Italianate villa in fashionable Brougham Place, North Adelaide, which was completed in 1878.
In 1881 Beaglehole was elected representative of Yorke's Peninsula in the South Australian Parliament, with Sir R. D. Ross and L. L. Furber as his colleagues. After three years the district was divided, and Mr. Beaglehole was returned for Wallaroo. He was one of those who pushed for the purchase of Belair National Park. He lost his seat (or did not stand) in 1887.
He founded the firm Beaglehole and Johnston with Andrew Galbraith Johnston and his brother James, owners of the Oakbank Brewery.
In 1884 he organised formation of the Lion Brewing and Malting Company and was elected chairman of directors.
He was a director of Broken Hill's Junction mine from 1894 to 1899.
He founded, with George Simpson, the Waverley Brewery at Broken Hill (it was later acquired by the South Australian Brewing Company). He started a distillery at Thebarton, which was subsequently acquired by Milne and Co. He was one of the first members of the South Australian Licensed Victuallers' Association. He was one of the founders of the Grand Hotel in Melbourne, with other South Australians Dr. Cawley, Mr. John Frew. Dr. Gorger, A. B. Murray, W. H. Simms and J. B. Spence.
He devoted much of his spare time cultivating a 1500-acre farm and orchard at Virginia. He had eight bores on the property, and was successful in fattening up lambs for market.
F. A. Chapman.
Frederick Arthur Chapman (10 March 1864 – 18 September 1925) was born in Stepney, South Australia, the son of Arthur Chapman, one of Adelaide's best-known hotel brokers. He was educated at Grote Street State School, J. L. Young's Adelaide Educational Institute and Prince Alfred College. He entered the brewing trade as an apprentice under Mr. G. Gray at the Lion Brewery and remained with the company all his life. At 18 be was sent out as a traveller, and became acquainted with most aspects of hotel management. He worked in every branch of the trade and at the age of 25 he was appointed company secretary. By then the company had ceased brewing to concentrate on production of malt, aerated beverages and cordials. His duties took him periodically to Sydney, Brisbane, and Perth, where the company had customers for its malt among the leading breweries.
He was for some time secretary of the South Australian Associated Brewers and the Brewers' Association. On many occasions he represented the brewing interest at conferences and in Arbitration Court cases. He was a director of the Cooperative Bottle Company, and was for a time chairman of the finance committee of the Chamber of Manufacturers.
For six years he was a member cf the Church of England Synod's financial board, and for many years a synodsman and lay reader of the Church.
He was a prominent Freemason and a member of the Commercial Travellers' Association for over 30 years.
Chapman died of a heart attack on the Melbourne Express on his way to Victoria where he was to holiday with his brother, L. Chapman of Western Australia. He left a widow Marian (née Kingsborough), two sons: Dr. A. Chapman (superintendent of the Adelaide Dental Hospital) and Mr. S. Chapman (secretary of the Lion Brewing Company) and a daughter, Elma Chapman.
S. I. Chapman.
Stanley I. Chapman ( –29 September 1940), a son of F. A. Chapman, was educated at St. Peter's College, then worked for some years with Burns, Philp and Company Ltd. in New Guinea. When war broke out in 1914 he joined the navy, and on return to Sydney transferred to the army as staff sergeant. After the war he joined Lion Brewing and eventually succeeded his father as manager. He was an active member of the Returned Soldiers' League and of St. Peter's Old Collegians' Association.
M. Sharman.
Listed in Sands and MacDougalls Directory 1962 as company manager.

</doc>
<doc id="31145648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145648" title="Leason Adams">
Leason Adams

Leason Heberling Adams (January 16, 1887 – August 20, 1969) was an American geophysicist and researcher. His principal achievement was his research on the properties of materials exposed to very high pressures, which he used to derive information on the nature of the Earth's interior. He received the William Bowie Medal of the American Geophysical Union in 1950 for his work.
Biography.
After he was born on 16 January 1887, Leason Adams grew up in central Illinois, where he received his early education in a one-room school. At the age of fifteen he entered the University of Illinois, graduating in 1906 with a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering.
After completing his university studies, he worked for the Technology Branch of the United States Geological Survey, first as an industrial chemist and then as a physical chemist.In 1910 he began working at the Geophysical Laboratory of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington, D.C.. In 1937 he became the director of the Laboratory, and during World War II he served as the director of Division I (ballistics) of the Office of Scientific Research and Development. He was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1943.
Adams retired from the Carnegie Institution in 1952 but continued to carry out research, first as a consultant to the director of the National Bureau of Standards and then from 1958 until 1965 as a professor of geophysics at the University of California, Los Angeles.
He died on 20 August 1969 in Silver Spring, Maryland.
Research.
Adams performed one his first research projects during World War I, when he produced optical glass. He helped to develop a new method for annealing glass which was effective for large blocks, and then used this technique to make a 200-inch mirror for the Hale telescope at the Mount Palomar Observatory. For this work, he received the Edward Longstreth Medal of the Franklin Institute.
Geophysical work.
His most enduring work began in 1919, when he was working at the Carnegie Institution for Science to develop new methods for high-pressure measurement. In the late 19th century the prevailing view of the Earth was that it was made up of a thin crust floating on a molten interior. By Adams' day, this view was being challenged, especially by the findings of some seismologists who had found the wave velocities of the Earth at different depths. Wave velocities depend upon the elastic constants of the materials through which they pass, in particular the bulk modulus and stiffness.
It should be possible to combine the experimentally-determined wave velocities of the various parts of the Earth's interior and the elasticity data from various rocks in order to find out about the Earth's interior. However, by the early 20th century no one had been able to determine the elastic constants of common rocks, because almost all rocks are slightly porous, complicating conventional elasticity measurement methods.
Adams was able to solve this problem by fashioning rocks into cylinders, putting thin hermetically sealed metal jackets around them, and subjecting them to high pressures while inside a mobile liquid in a pressure vessel. By recording the piston displacement required in order to achieve a given pressure, Adams could find the volume change of the rocks and their bulk modulus.
Implications.
These experiments had important implications for the field of geophysics. Adams used the measured bulk modulus of various rocks to find their wave velocities and then compared his results with the wave velocities of the Earth, which had been determined through seismology. He concluded that the high central density required for the known density of the Earth could not be accounted for by the compression of ordinary silicate minerals; the inner core of the Earth must be composed of a heavy iron-nickel material.
In addition, research performed by the Croatian seismologist Andrija Mohorovičić indicated that there exists a region of the Earth's interior, the Mohorovičić discontinuity, where high wave velocities coincide with shallow depths. Adams' work showed that only two minerals, dunite and eclogite, could possible make up the discontinuity, and further exploration showed that dunite was a better fit than eclogite.
Therefore, by combining his own elasticity calculations with current seismographic research, Adams was able to show that the conventional view of the Earth's interior as a uniform molten liquid was false, and that the Earth is in fact composed of a nickel-iron core, a thin crust, and that aside from a thin layer of dunitic material between the Earth's crust and mantle, the rest of the Earth's interior is iron, magnesium, silicon, and oxygen.

</doc>
<doc id="31145652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145652" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1621">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1621

United Nations Security Council resolution1621, adopted unanimously on 6 September 2005, after recalling all previous resolutions on the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including resolutions 1565 (2004) and 1592 (2005), the Council authorised the temporary increase in the strength of the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo (MONUC) to assist with upcoming elections.
The additional personnel joined the then-largest United Nations peacekeeping operation, totalling 19,000 personnel. 
Resolution.
Observations.
The Council reiterated the importance of holding elections in the process of national reconciliation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and called upon all transitional institutions to ensure that they were free and fair. It welcomed efforts by the Congolese authorities to promote good governance and economic management, and praised the donor community for their contributions towards this process. 
There was also concern at hostilities in the east of the country, including violations of human rights and international humanitarian law.
Acts.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council approved of the Secretary-General Kofi Annan's recommendations to increase the size of MONUC by 841 personnel, including police units. The resolution emphasised the temporary nature of the increase, with a view to its reduction from 1 July 2006. The additional units would provide support to the electoral commission, as well as assistance to the transitional government and international financial institutions to help promote good governance and economic management.

</doc>
<doc id="31145657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145657" title="Military Hospital (Nouakchott)">
Military Hospital (Nouakchott)

The Military Hospital is a hospital in northeastern Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located to the northeast of the Ophthalmological Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="31145660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145660" title="Mohan (director)">
Mohan (director)

Mohan is an Indian director of Malayalam films. Mohan has done several critically acclaimed films including "Angene Oru Avadhikkalathu", "Pakshe", "Isabella", "Oru Katha Oru Nunnakkatha", "Idavela", "Vida Parayum Mumbe" and "Shalini Ente Koottukari". He has scripted five films, "Angene Oru Avadhikkalathu", "Mukham", "Sruthi", "Alolam" and "Vida Parayum Mumbe", and wrote the story of two films, "Ithile Iniyum Varu" and "Kathayariyathe". He himself produced his film "Upaasna".
He began his career working as an assistant director for P. Venu in his films. His association with screenwriter John Paul has always spawned critically and commercially successful films. He has also associated with master writer Padmarajan in the films "Idavela", "Kochu Kochu Thettukal" and "Shalini Ente Koottukari". He is widely considered to be one of the major directors during the 80s, the golden era of Malayalam cinema.
Personal life.
He is married to actress Anupama, heroine of his movie, Randu Penkuttikal. The couple have two sons. 

</doc>
<doc id="31145666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145666" title="Declan Maxwell">
Declan Maxwell

Declan Maxwell is a Gaelic footballer from County Leitrim, Ireland, and is a member of the Leitrim inter-county panel since 2002. He has played with Leitrim at all levels but is yet to have much success.
He is a former member of the Drumreilly club, he won a senior league medal with the club but has yet to win a County Championship "A" title but has won a "B" title.

</doc>
<doc id="31145692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145692" title="Milan Cheylov">
Milan Cheylov

Milan Cheylov is a Canadian film, television director, editor, producer and former actor.
As a director, some of his television credits include:
As an actor, he had a regular role on the television series "The Edison Twins" as well as guest starring on the shows "The Twilight Zone", "Night Heat", "Diamonds" and doing voice work on "".

</doc>
<doc id="31145718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145718" title="Lycée de Teyarrett">
Lycée de Teyarrett

Lycée de Teyarrett is a school located in the Teyarrett suburb of northeastern Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located northeast of the Military Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="31145734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145734" title="John O'Keeffe (Tipperary hurler)">
John O'Keeffe (Tipperary hurler)

John O'Keeffe (born 17 November 1988) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team. 
O'Keeffe made his first appearance for the team during the 2011 National League and has become a regular player over the last few seasons. Since then he has won one Munster winners' medal. He has ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level O'Keeffe plays with the Clonoulty-Rossmore club.
Playing career.
Club.
O'Keeffe made his senior championship debut for Clonoulty-Rossmore in 2004.
He has enjoyed little success with the senior team, losing back-to-back championship deciders in 2010 and 2011.
Inter-county.
O'Keeffe first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Tipperary minor hurling team. He enjoyed much success in this grade as Tipperary reached the All-Ireland decider via the "back-door" in 2006. Three-in-a-row hopefuls Galway provided the opposition, however, Tipp powered to 2–18 to 2–7 victory. It was O'Keeffe's sole All-Ireland medal in that grade.
O'Keeffe subsequently joined the Tipperary under-21 team. He won a Munster medal in this grade in his debut season following a controversial one-point defeat of Clare. Tipp later reached the All-Ireland, however, O'Keeffe's side were defeated by Kilkenny. 
In 2011 O'Keeffe made his senior debut for Tipp in a National Hurling League game against Waterford. His first championship start came later that year against Cork. A 7-19 to 0-19 trouncing of Waterford in the subsequent provincial decider gave O'Keeffe his first Munster medal. For the third successive year, Tipperary faced off against Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final, however, on this occasion Kilkenny were slight underdogs going up against the new champions. Kilkenny started quickly and never surrendered the lead in the 2-17 to 1-16 victory.
O'Keeffe was dropped from Tipperary's starting fifteen in 2012 but remained on the extended panel of players.

</doc>
<doc id="31145744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145744" title="Sujatha Ramdorai">
Sujatha Ramdorai

Sujatha Ramdorai is a professor of mathematics at TIFR, Mumbai. Currently associated with the University of British Columbia, Canada, Prof. Ramdorai is an internationally reputed algebraic number theorist whose work on Iwasawa theory is widely respected. She is the first and only Indian to win the prestigious ICTP Ramanujan Prize in 2006 and also a winner of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in 2004. She was a member of the National Knowledge Commission from 2007 to 2009. She is at present a member of the Prime Minister’s Scientific Advisory Council from 2009 onwards and also a member of the National Innovation Council.
Education.
She completed her B.Sc in 1982 at St. Joseph's college, Bangalore and then got her M.Sc. through correspondence from Annamalai University in 1985. After that she went for PhD at TIFR and was awarded her PhD under supervision of Raman Parimala in 1992. Her dissertation was "Witt Groups of Real Surfaces and Real Geometry".
Contribution to mathematics.
Together with Coates, Fukaya, Kato, and Venjakob she formulated a non-commutative version of the main conjecture of Iwasawa theory, on which much foundation of this important subject is based. Iwasawa theory has its origins in the work of a great Japanese mathematician, Kenkichi Iwasawa.

</doc>
<doc id="31145751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145751" title="Alexis Blanco">
Alexis Blanco

Alexis Blanco (born June 6, 1988 in Santa Rosa, Argentina) is an Argentine Association Football Forward currently playing for San Martín de Tucumán of the Primera B Nacional in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="31145753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145753" title="Counties of South Sudan">
Counties of South Sudan

The ten states of the East African country of South Sudan are divided into 86 counties. The ten states are Central Equatoria, Eastern Equatoria, Jonglei, Lakes, Northern Bahr el Ghazal, Unity, Upper Nile, Warrap, Western Bahr el Ghazal, and Western Equatoria.
Western Bahr el Ghazal.
originally,
now,

</doc>
<doc id="31145771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145771" title="Geoffrey de Turville">
Geoffrey de Turville

Geoffrey de Turville (died 1250) was an English-born cleric who was Bishop of Ossory and Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
He was probably a native of Turville in Buckinghamshire. He is first heard of in Ireland in 1218 in the entourage of Henry de Loundres, Archbishop of Dublin. He held a variety of clerical offices before becoming Bishop of Ossory in 1244; he also held a number of administrative posts: most notably he was Treasurer of Ireland 1235-50 and he was also Lord Chancellor of Ireland around 1237. Elrington Ball praises him as a highly trained and able lawyer. Otway-Ruthven credits him as the Lord Chancellor who actually developed the Irish Chancery as a Government Department independent of the English Chancery with its own staff and Great Seal.
He died in London in October 1250.

</doc>
<doc id="31145773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145773" title="Valentina Ogienko">
Valentina Ogienko

Valentina Vitalyevna Ogienko (), (born 26 May 1965) is a Russian volleyball player, who was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31145776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145776" title="Ministry of the Interior and Decentralization (Mauritania)">
Ministry of the Interior and Decentralization (Mauritania)

The Ministry of the Interior and Decentralization is the national Ministry of the Interior of Mauritania. Its headquarters are located in Nouakchott, just south of the Presidential Palace, between the Chamber of Commerce and the College of Science and Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="31145785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145785" title="David Ferguson (reformer)">
David Ferguson (reformer)

David Fergusson or Ferguson (died 1598) was a Scottish reformer.
Life.
His date of birth is debated, and he is reputed to have been a native of Dundee. Robert Wodrow states that he was by trade a glover, but gave up business and went to school, in order to fit himself for the duties of a preacher or expounder among the reformers. The Scottish doctor of the Sorbonne James Laing sneered at him as an ignorant cobbler (sutor) and glover. He was well acquainted both with Latin and Greek, and was among the earliest of the preachers of the reformed doctrines.
When the first appointment was made of ministers or superintendents for places in Scotland, he was selected to go to Dunfermline; in 1567 Rosyth was placed under his care, but in 1574 it was excluded, while Cumnock and Beith were added. Ferguson was chosen moderator of the general assembly which met at Edinburgh on 6 March 1573, and also of that which met on 24 Oct. 1578. He usually had a place on important commissions, and for many years was chosen one of the assessors to the moderator to prepare matters for the assembly. 
He was one of the ministers who waited on James Douglas, 4th Earl of Morton before his execution, 2 June 1581. In 1582 he was appointed by the assembly a commissioner for the West of Fife, to superintend the establishment of kirks and placing of ministers. Ferguson formed one of a deputation to wait on James VI in 1583 to discharge the duty of admonishing him ‘to beware of innovations in court’, to check reports before credit was given to them, and remind him of the affair of the escaped Jesuit, William Holt. He jocularly told the king that Fergus was the first king of Scotland, and that he was Fergus-son; but recognising that King James had the possession and was an honest man he would give him his right. In the discussion warmth was displayed by some of the deputies, but Ferguson succeeded in giving a new turn to the topics at critical points, the result being that as they took their leave ‘the king laid his hands upon every one of them.’ In August of the same year Ferguson and six other ministers were cited by the king to attend a convention at St Andrews to answer for certain proceedings of the assembly. 
On 12 May 1596, on the renewal of the covenant by the synod of Fife at Dunfermline, Ferguson gave an address, with reminiscences of his experiences of the early reform period. At a meeting of the synod of Fife, held at Cupar in February 1598, in regard to a proposal to give ministers a vote in parliament, Ferguson, the eldest minister at that time in Scotland, after relating pat difficulties of the church in contending against efforts to introduce episcopacy, opposed the proposal, which he compared to the ‘busking up of the brave horse’ for the overthrow of Troy. He died 13 August 1598.
Works.
In 1563 Ferguson published a reply to René Benoît, confessor to Mary Queen of Scots. It was printed in "Tracts by David Ferguson", edited by David Laing for the Bannatyne Club in 1860. On 13 January 1572 he preached a sermon before the Regent Mar at the meeting of the assembly in Leith, when a modified episcopacy was established. It protested against the alienation of the spoils of the church to the private uses of the nobility or to purposes of government, instead of their being applied to the establishment of churches and schools, and to meet the necessities of the poor; and was in vernacular Scottish. At the assembly held at Perth in August 1572 it was submitted to the revision of five ministers, all of whom gave it their approbation, after which it was printed at St. Andrews by Robert Lekprevick, the dedication to the Regent Mar bearing the date of 20 August. John Knox gave it his recommendation: ‘John Knox with my dead hand but glad heart, praising God that of his mercy he leaves such light to his kirk in this desolation.’ It is in the volume edited by Laing. 
The epithet ‘Tulchan’ applied to the bishops is usually ascribed to him. He was famed for his skill in the vernacular language, which is celebrated by John Davidson, then one of the regents at St. Andrews. He made a collection of Scottish proverbs,published in 1641 under the title, ‘Scottish Proverbs gathered together by David Fergusone, sometime minister at Dunfermline, and put ordine alphabetico when he departed this life anno 1598.’ Other editions appeared in 1659, 1675, 1699, and 1706, the latter bearing the title, ‘Nine Hundred and Forty Scottish Proverbs, the greater part of which were first gathered together by David Ferguson, the rest since added.’ 
He was also the author of ‘Epithalamium Mysticum Solomonis Regis, sive analysis critico-poetica Cantici Canticorum,’ Edinburgh, 1677. He left a diary containing a record of the principal ecclesiastical events of his time, which has been lost, but which probably his son-in-law, John Row (1568–1646), incorporated in his ‘History.’
Family.
By his wife, Isabel Durham, he had five sons and four daughters, one of whom, Grizzel, married Row.

</doc>
<doc id="31145798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145798" title="Standard Chartered Zambia">
Standard Chartered Zambia

Standard Chartered Zambia (officially Standard Chartered Bank (Zambia) Plc) is a commercial bank in Zambia and a subsidiary of Standard Chartered. It is one of the 18 commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Zambia, the national banking regulator.
Overview.
Stanchart Zambia is a large bank, serving large corporate clients, upscale retail customers and medium to large business enterprises. It is one of the largest commercial banks in Zambia, by assets, controlling an estimated 20% of all commercial bank assets in the country, as of December 2007. In December 2011, the total asset valuaion of the bank was about US$893 million (ZMK:4.586 billion), with shareholder's equity valued at US$72 million (ZMK:373 billion). In June 2012, Zambian press reports indicated that the bank's total assets had increased to US$902 million (ZMK:4,632 billion), with shareholders' equity of about US$78 million (ZMK:400 million).
History.
The bank was established in 1906. The shares of stock of Stanchart Zambia are listed on the Lusaka Stock Exchange (LuSE), where they trade under the symbol: SCZ.
Ownership.
Stanchart Zambia is a subsidiary of the Standard Chartered Bank Group, an International financial services conglomerate, headquartered in London in the United Kingdom, with operations in more than seventy countries and a network of over 1,700 branches, employing in excess of 73,000 people.
Branch network.
, the bank maintains a network of branches at the following locations:
Management Board.
The Managing Director of Standard Chartered Bank (Zambia), is Mizinga Melu, a native of Zambia, who has been with the Standard Chartered Bank Group since 1994. She is the first Zambian Chief Executive Officer at the bank, since its founding in 1906 and is the first woman to hold that position. , she is the only female bank chief executive in all the thirteen subsidiaries which Standard Chartered Bank maintains in Sub-Saharan Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="31145822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145822" title="Radical 86">
Radical 86

Radical 86 meaning "fire" is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 639 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
In the Chinese Wu Xing ("Five Phases"), 火 represents the element Fire. In Taoist cosmology, 火 (Fire) is the nature component of the Ba gua diagram 離 Lí.

</doc>
<doc id="31145828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145828" title="Toledo Colônia Work">
Toledo Colônia Work

Toledo Colônia Work, commonly known as Toledo, is a Brazilian football club based in Toledo, Paraná state. They competed in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on February 10, 2004. They won the Campeonato Paranaense Second Level in 2007, when they beat Real Brasil, Auritânia and Francisco Beltrão in the final stage of the competition. Toledo competed in the Série C in 2008, when they were eliminated in the Second Stage.
Stadium.
Toledo Colônia Work play their home games at Estádio Municipal 14 de Dezembro. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 20,280 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31145841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145841" title="Dirt Road Anthem">
Dirt Road Anthem

"Dirt Road Anthem" is the title of a country rap song written by American artists Colt Ford and Brantley Gilbert (who also wrote Aldean's hit "My Kinda Party"), each of whom recorded his own version of the song. Jason Aldean covered the song for his 2010 album "My Kinda Party", and released it as the third single from the album in April 2011. The song debuted as a single as Aldean's previous single, "Don't You Wanna Stay", was currently at the #1 spot on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. On November 30, the song received a Nomination in 54th Grammy Awards for Best Country Solo Performance. It is the best-selling song in digital history by a male country solo artist in the United States with over 4 million sold.
Content.
"Dirt Road Anthem" is a mid-tempo song, styled as country rap. The song expresses country pride, southern values, and remembering good times from the past.
Country rapper Colt Ford originally recorded the song for his 2008 album "Ride Through the Country", with Brantley Gilbert singing vocals on the chorus. Gilbert later recorded a revisited version of the song for his 2010 album "Halfway to Heaven".
According to The Boot, Aldean's publicist teased about the song, suggesting Aldean listened to "a little Snoop Dogg in his time"; regarding the song, Aldean said he did not consider "Dirt Road Anthem" a rap song. He continued by saying, "...if I was to do anything like that, it's not going to be like Kanye West-style or anything."
Remix featuring Ludacris.
At the 2011 CMT Music Awards, Aldean performed the song with guest rapper Ludacris, who joined Aldean onstage after the second chorus to perform his own hip hop-style second verse. On picking Ludacris for the collaboration, Aldean said, "...even though our music is totally different, our roots are the same. We both know about hot Georgia summers and cooling off with a six pack or two. It wasn't that much of a stretch." A remixed studio version featuring Ludacris was released for digital download through iTunes on June 9, 2011.
Revisited version.
Colt Ford and Brantley Gilbert released a revisited version of their original recording, featuring a third verse of rapping by Gilbert.
Music video.
The music video for "Dirt Road Anthem", directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions, premiered June 13, 2011 on CMT. The video was entirely shot in black-and-white, portraying Aldean driving a Ram pickup truck through the countryside and stopping at a clearance where he reminisces of his teenage years of partying with friends around a campfire.
The video for "Dirt Road Anthem" was filmed around Old Hickory, Tennessee (a suburb of Nashville). The twin bridges are crossing the Cumberland River, and the factory scene, railroad beds and small town were filmed around Rayon City.
Critical reception.
"Dirt Road Anthem" has received overall mixed reception from critics.
Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave "Dirt Road Anthem" a 4.5 star rating, saying "Jason Aldean knows he’s not a rapper and this isn’t a style of music that he’ll continuously do...but as for a new song with a different sound, it certainly works."
Kevin John Coyne of Country Universe gave the song a D rating, using heavy sarcasm to acknowledge that the song's content followed tired, formulaic patterns often used in other country music songs.
Commercial performance.
The song debuted at number 57 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the chart week dated February 5, 2011, as an album cut from unsolicited airplay. "Dirt Road Anthem" had reached a peak of number 49 before being released as a single in April 2011. The song later became Aldean's sixth number one hit on the Hot Country Songs chart the week of July 30, 2011. It also debuted at number 68 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the week of April 23, 2011. It has since become his first Top Ten hit on that chart, and the highest-charting single of his career. It also debuted at number 92 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart for the week of May 28, 2011.
In September 2011, the song became the first for a male solo country artist to top the 2 million mark in digital sales. By March 2014, the song has sold over 4 million digital downloads, making it then the seventh best-selling country song in the US, and the best-selling song by male country solo artist in digital history. As of April 2014, it has sold 4,027,000 copies in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="31145847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145847" title="Catalysts and Catalysed Reactions">
Catalysts and Catalysed Reactions

Catalysts and Catalysed Reactions is a "current awareness" journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry. It is a monthly publication, with an online version. Each issue of the journal includes a selected collection of abstracts from recently published scientific articles covering the research areas of catalysed reactions and catalysts.

</doc>
<doc id="31145854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145854" title="Simcoe Street Tunnel">
Simcoe Street Tunnel

The Simcoe Street tunnel is located between Front Street and Bremnar Blvd. in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. This $40 million tunnel is situated in a densely urban site below the SkyWalk and in close proximity to Toronto Union Station and an adjacent hotel. The tunnel roof structure is designed to carry all 16 pre-existing railway tracks while the ground structure provides one lane north bound and two lanes south bound vehicular connections as well as one bicycle lane and one extra wide pedestrian sidewalk on each side of the tunnel.
The Simcoe Street tunnel was officially opened on September 22, 2009 by Councillor Adam Vaughan.
Construction.
Construction of the tunnel began in late 2006 and was carried out in stages. Thin soil cover prohibited the use of bored tunnel and hacked tunnel methods. For each stage the substructure was first constructed within the excavated trenches to the underside of the temporary trestles. 
A key component in building the tunnel was the readily available supply of precast deck segments nearby. The project required 1.6 kilometres of girders so Soncin who was contracted by Fairmont Developments to construct the extension of Simcoe Street, built a precast facility on site. A total of 153 girders were produced in three months. Fifty-one girders were post tensioned and 102 girders were normally reinforced.
Design and construction of the tunnel posed significant challenges as the Union Station (Toronto) corridor has the highest train volume for a single terminus location in North America. It was necessary to maintain the normal operation schedule of the railway corridor during construction. In order to not cause any disruption to the operation of 16 tracks, construction was scheduled during train work blocks. Morrison Hershfield the project managers, designers, contract administrators and site engineers, worked with the railway companies including Via Rail, CNR, Amtrak and Go Transit to ensure the services of 177 daily scheduled trains that passed over the tunnel were maintained. Some trains were temporarily rerouted to adjacent tracks.
Environmental and Social Impacts.
To help protect the environment during construction of the tunnel a Quality Management Plan was set in place. This plan ensured all waste materials were disposed of according to government regulations. Disposal techniques were also monitored for compliance.
By not affecting the existing rail service of the 177 trains per day using the corridor, a risk of loss of ridership was removed that could have been occurred in relation to potential delays. Long and short distance travelers were continuously able to get to their destinations as planned, which helped to avoid an increase in the use of personal vehicles.
A lasting environmental impact after construction is the improved access to the Lake Ontario waterfront within the City of Toronto. The original rail corridor was a major physical barrier between the downtown and the lakefront where continuous residential, recreational and business developments are occurring. The tunnel not only reduces the length of vehicular travel time and associated carbon emissions, but as well the new ease of access promotes carbon-free travel through means of bicycling and walking. 
Former Mayor of Toronto, David Miller was quoted saying “The Simcoe Street underpass will improve downtown traffic flow and help provide important services to future development on the lands south of Union Station. But most importantly, the project will improve access to our waterfront for all Torontonians."
See also.
Toronto Waterfront

</doc>
<doc id="31145855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145855" title="Pankova">
Pankova

Pankova may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31145857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145857" title="Centruroides elegans">
Centruroides elegans

Centruroides elegans is a scorpion species in the genus "Centruroides" found in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="31145860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145860" title="Thomas Grinfield">
Thomas Grinfield

Thomas Grinfield (27 April 1788, Bath, Somerset - 8 April 1870, Clifton, Bristol) was an English clergyman and hymn-writer.
Life.
Thomas Grinfield was the son of Thomas Grinfield of Bristol and Anna Joanna Barham, and the brother of Edward William Grinfield. He was born at Bath in 1788, and educated at Wingfield, near Trowbridge, and afterwards at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he proceeded B.A. in 1811. He was ordained in 1813. He married his first cousin, Mildred Foster Barham; became curate at St Sidwells, Exeter; then rector of Shirland, Derbyshire; he subsequently resided at Clifton, Bristol, and was for twenty-three years curate in charge of St Mary le Port Church, Bristol. He died at Clifton on 8 April 1870, and was buried in the cemetery at Weston-super-Mare. Though he published little, his compositions were numerous, especially his sermons. Studious and contemplative, he mingled little with society. He was an accomplished scholar and poet. As well as the works listed below, he wrote a large number of small poems and lectures, many of which were published in the "Weston Mercury". There remain unpublished several manuscripts, especially a valuable series of theological lectures.

</doc>
<doc id="31145864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145864" title="Allyson Jule">
Allyson Jule

Allyson Mary Julé is a Canadian academic and Professor of Education at Trinity Western University in Langley, British Columbia, Canada. She has lectured worldwide in her field, and written and edited many academic publications on feminist linguistics and pedagogy.
She authored "A Beginner's Guide to Language" and "Gender and Gender and Participation" and "Silence in the Language Classroom: Sh-shushing the Girls" and is best known for her work on "linguistic space" and the silencing of girls and women, particularly in religious classroom communities. Jule is also media reviews editor for "Women & Language" journal and servers on the executive council for the International Gender and Language Association. 
Education.
Julé graduated from the University of Alberta with a B.Ed. in Intercultural Education and went on to earn a Masters in Education at Simon Fraser University. She continued her academic studies in London, UK, at Roehampton Institute, earning a Ph.D. in Education. She has also studied at the University of Ottawa (Linguistics) and the University of British Columbia (Adult Education). 

</doc>
<doc id="31145867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145867" title="Radical 87">
Radical 87

Radical 87 meaning "claw", "nail" or "talon" is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 36 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31145871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145871" title="Grand National Hospital of Mauritania">
Grand National Hospital of Mauritania

Grand National Hospital of Mauritania is the national hospital of Mauritania, situated in Nouakchott. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, opposite the Institut National de Recherches en Sante Publique and adjacent (east) to the Hôpital Sabah, near the Ministry of Energy headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="31145880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145880" title="Lepu Wei">
Lepu Wei

Lepu Wei (also known as Leppu Wei) is a settlement in Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east-north-east of the state capital Kuching. 
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="31145886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145886" title="Hôpital Sabah">
Hôpital Sabah

Hôpital Sabah is a hospital in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, adjacent (west) to the Grand National Hospital of Mauritania, opposite the Ministry of Energy headquarters and to the east of the Reserve Naturel de Sel Iode.

</doc>
<doc id="31145890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145890" title="KLTO">
KLTO

KLTO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31145893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145893" title="Felicia Zhang">
Felicia Zhang

Felicia Zhang (born September 22, 1993) is an American pair skater. With partner Nathan Bartholomay, she is a two-time U.S. national medalist (silver in 2014, bronze in 2013) and placed fourth at the 2013 Four Continents Championships. She was named in the U.S. team to the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Personal life.
Felicia Zhang was born in New York and grew up in Plainsboro Township, New Jersey. Her mother, a doctor's receptionist, and father, a computer information technology worker, are both from Beijing, China. After graduating in 2011 from West Windsor-Plainsboro High School South, she began studying at the University of South Florida, majoring in psychology.
Career.
Early years and single skating.
Zhang started skating at the age of seven after attending a skating birthday party. In singles, Zhang won the novice bronze medal at the 2008 U.S. Championships, and placed sixth on the junior level at the 2010 U.S. Championships.
Partnership with Toth.
Zhang teamed up with Taylor Toth in 2009. They won the junior gold medal at the 2010 U.S. Championships. They finished 9th at the 2010 World Junior Championships.
Zhang/Toth moved up to the senior level for the 2010–11 season and competed in the Grand Prix at Skate America, where they finished 7th, and Trophée Eric Bompard, where they finished 5th. They withdrew from the 2011 U.S. Championships due to Zhang's rib injuries. On March 10, 2011, Zhang and Toth announced they had parted ways. During their partnership, they were coached by Jeff DiGregorio in Newark, Delaware.
Partnership with Bartholomay.
Zhang teamed up with Nathan Bartholomay by May 2011. They are coached by Jim Peterson and Lyndon Johnston at the Ice and Sports Complex in Ellenton, Florida. In their first season, they were eighth at the U.S. Championships.
Zhang/Bartholomay won bronze at the 2013 U.S. Championships and were assigned to the 2013 Four Continents Championships where they placed fourth.
In the 2013–14 season, Zhang/Bartholomay received two Grand Prix assignments, the 2013 Skate America and 2013 Cup of China, finishing 7th and 6th. After winning the silver medal at the 2014 U.S. Championships, ahead of Caydee Denney / John Coughlin, they were named in the U.S. team to the Olympics and listed as first alternates for the World Championships. Zhang/Bartholomay finished 12th at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. They were called up to replace the injured Denney/Coughlin at the 2014 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31145896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145896" title="Brame's climbing salamander">
Brame's climbing salamander

Brame's Climbing Salamander (Bolitoglossa bramei) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Its habitat is currently under protection.

</doc>
<doc id="31145899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145899" title="Syed Mohammad Taqweem Ahsan">
Syed Mohammad Taqweem Ahsan

Syed Mohammad Taqweem Ahsan (Urdu: سید محمد تقویم احسن), "nom de plum" S M Taqweem (Urdu: ایس ایم تقویم), is a journalist, social worker, and newsreader from Pakistan.
He is the founder president of the Pakistani welfare organization "Burncare".
Early life and education.
S. M. Taqweem was born in Lahore. He received his primary education at Abbotabad and afterwards studied at Lahore until he matriculated, and then again proceeded to Abbotabad, where he studied for his degree (FSc). After graduating from Lahore, he was admitted to the University of the Punjab for an MA in journalism.
Journalistic career.
S. M. Taqweem is a senior journalist, with a quarter of a century's experience. He has worked for almost all of Pakistan's major newspapers. His career started in 1979 as a cartoonist for the "Saadat". In 1980 he joined the "Nawai-i-Waqt" in Lahore as a trainee, and then the "Pakistan Times" in 1982. He joined the "Jang" newspaper in Lahore as a sub-editor, where he continued until 1990. Taqweem joined the Daily Pakistan as a senior sub-editor, in which role he stayed till 1997, when he resigned in order to join the Lahore "Din"; he joined the "Din" as chief news editor/deputy editor; in 2002 he then joined the "Awaz", where he is currently working as chief news editor.
In 1995 he applied to the London School of Journalism in the United Kingdom; his application was accepted, but he was unable to follow up on it due to the severe illness of his wife.
He has worked as a newsreader for Radio Pakistan, in Lahore.

</doc>
<doc id="31145916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145916" title="2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Men's 1000 metres">
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Men's 1000 metres

The men's 1000 m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 11 at 14:00 local time.

</doc>
<doc id="31145926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145926" title="Bichitr">
Bichitr

Bichitr was an Indian painter during the Mughal period, patronized by the emperors Jahangir and Shah Jahan.

</doc>
<doc id="31145928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145928" title="Thomas Rouse">
Thomas Rouse

Sir Thomas Rouse, 1st Baronet (27 March 1608 - 26 May 1676) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1660.
Rouse was the son of Sir John Rouse of Rouse Lench, Worcestershire who was MP in 1626. He matriculated at Brasenose College, Oxford on 20 October 1626 and was awarded BA from Corpus Christi, Oxford on 31 January 1628. Also in 1628, he entered Middle Temple. He was created Baronet Rouse of Rouse Lench on 23 July 1641.
Rouse was added to the Committee for Worcestershire in 1645 and was High Sheriff of Worcestershire in 1648. In 1654, he was elected Member of Parliament for Worcestershire in the First Protectorate Parliament. He was an assessment commissioner in 1656 and was also Custos Rotulorum in 1656.
In 1660, Rouse was elected MP for Evesham in the Convention Parliament. He became a J.P. on 10 July 1660.
Rouse died at the age of 67 and was buried at Rouse Lench,where there is an monument. 
Rouse married firstly Jane Ferrers daughter of Sir John Ferrers of Tamworth Castle, secondly Frances Murray daughter of David Murray and thirdly Ann.

</doc>
<doc id="31145932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145932" title="Long Baleh">
Long Baleh

Long Baleh is a settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east-north-east of the state capital Kuching. 
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="31145934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145934" title="Institut National de Recherches en Sante Publique">
Institut National de Recherches en Sante Publique

Institut National de Recherches en Sante Publique is a national research institute in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, opposite the Grand National Hospital of Mauritania and just east of the Ministry of Energy headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="31145951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145951" title="Where I Started">
Where I Started

Where I Started is the third studio album by Canadian blues-rock band Wide Mouth Mason. The album produced four successful singles, "Why", "Companion (Lay Me Down)", "Sugarcane", and "Half A Chance". The album was certified Gold in Canada in December 2002. A live version of the song "King Of Poison" was featured on MuchMusic's live compilation album, "Much at Edgefest '99".

</doc>
<doc id="31145961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145961" title="Ministry of Energy (Mauritania)">
Ministry of Energy (Mauritania)

The Ministry of Energy is the national Ministry of Energy of Mauritania, located in Nouakchott. It is located on the corner of Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser and the Nouadhibou Highway, near the Grand National Hospital of Mauritania.

</doc>
<doc id="31145963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145963" title="Fournier RF7">
Fournier RF7

__NOTOC__
The Fournier RF7 was a single-seat motorglider designed and built in prototype form by René Fournier in France in 1970 and intended for series production by Sportavia-Pützer in Germany. It was a conventional motorglider design derived from Fournier's RF-4D, a low-wing cantilever monoplane with an engine mounted in tractor configuration in the nose. The sailplane-style undercarriage consisted of a retractable mainwheel, a fixed tailwheel, and small outriggers under each wing. Compared to the RF-4. the wings were shorter and the tailplane surfaces larger. The ailerons were also larger, and the RF7 was fully stressed for aerobatics.
Construction of the prototype (registered "F-WPXV") began in July 1969, and the aircraft first flew on 5 March 1970. It was displayed at the Hanover Air Show the following month, where the journal "Flight International" praised it for the quality of its finish "n spite of its prototype status." By 1971, Sportavia-Pützer abandoned its plans of series production of the type and hoped to market the RF7 in kit form instead. By 1978, all development had been abandoned and the prototype was offered for sale.

</doc>
<doc id="31145968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145968" title="The White Girl (film)">
The White Girl (film)

The White Girl is a 1990 dramatic film written, produced and directed by Tony Brown.
Plot.
A young African American college student, a judge's daughter, battles a cocaine addiction, or as the substance is known on the streets, the white girl.

</doc>
<doc id="31145973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145973" title="Lausanne Congress of Supreme Councils of 1875">
Lausanne Congress of Supreme Councils of 1875

The Lausanne Congress of 1875 was a historic effort of eleven Supreme Councils to review and reform the Grand Constitutions of the Ancient & Accepted Scottish Rite
of 1786. The Congress took place from 6–22 September 1875 with representation from the Supreme Councils of England (and Wales), Belgium, Cuba, Scotland, France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Peru, Portugal and the hosting nation, Switzerland. The Scottish representative, who also represented the Supreme Council of Greece, left before the Congress reached its conclusion. On the closing date, nine representatives signed the final Declaration and Treaty.
Although many different aspects were discussed, concerns over the Deistic approach of a belief in a Creative Principle on the one hand and the Theistic approach of a belief in a Supreme Being on the other took such a precedence as to hinder other proceedings, and it was not until 1877 that through mediation of the Swiss Supreme Council a conciliatory position on the matter was reached.
Largely unknown to Freemasons these days, the Lausanne Congress and the events leading up to it, both on the European mainland and in the United States, as well as developments after its conclusion provide a remarkable insight into the politics of Grand Lodge foreign relations.
External references:-.
NOTE: "The Bernheim Article & Annexes (3-10) are in French, but are relevant in that they cite extensive correspondence between the English and American Jurisdictions - in English."

</doc>
<doc id="31145991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145991" title="Eddy Test">
Eddy Test

The Eddy Test was the commonly used name for a classification examination given throughout "World War II", and for several years thereafter, as a means of identifying men with the capability and aptitude for being trained in the enlisted ranks as electronics maintenance technicians in the U.S. Navy and U.S. Marine Corps. The official name was Radio Technician Selection Test (RTST, Nav Pers 16578), but this designation was rarely used. Passing the Eddy Test served as the passport to the Electronics Training Program, possibly the best technical training program then available in the Armed Services.
Background.
Since 1924, the Radio Materiel School (RMS), located on the campus of the Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) in Washington, D.C., had provided advanced maintenance training for selected men with a rating of Electrician's Mate or Radioman in the U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard. Admission required a number of years experience as an apprentice (then called a “Striker”) and passing a very difficult examination. The RMS graduated about 100 men per year, usually with a rating of Petty Officer First Class. (Entertainer Arthur Godfrey was a 1929 Coast Guard graduate.)
As the 1940s began and the Navy prepared for the expected war, thousands of new ships, aircraft, submarines, and shore stations were being built, all needing maintenance technicians. Also, there had been major advances in electronics, requiring technicians to have much better knowledge of theory. Thus, the existing RMS was inadequate and an entirely new training program was needed.
With the December 7, 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor, the urgency of a solution became highly critical. An "ad hoc" group in Washington, D.C., was developing a training plan and immediately began a crash effort. They were joined by William C. Eddy, a medically retired (deafness) officer and a recognized authority in electronics. (Eddy would shortly reenter active duty, and during the war years rise to the rank of Captain).
In a few days, a plan was developed for what would be commonly called the Electronics Training Program (ETP). A vital element of the ETP would be the selection of students. These would mainly come from volunteers and draftees who, unlike the RMS students from the Regular Navy, would not have experience as apprentices; therefore, a comprehensive classification examination was needed for admission. Eddy volunteered to lead the development of this examination – thus, the name "Eddy Test."
Application.
The ETP involved a Primary School (officially called EE & RM School) that, in 12 weeks of 14-hour instructional days, covered the basics of electrical engineering, including the related mathematics; this was initially given by a number of engineering colleges and universities. Primary was followed by a Secondary School (officially called Advanced Radio Materiel School), giving advanced theory and laboratory work on actual hardware; several new Navy-operated schools, including an upgraded RMS, provided this instruction.
The ETP was reported to be the most intense and difficult technical instruction ever given to enlisted personnel. Therefore, the Eddy Test needed to identify students with the basic capability and psychological fitness to pursue such instruction. The Test was noted to have been very successful for this purpose.
January 12, 1942, a prototype Primary School was opened using laboratories of Eddy’s experimental television station in the “Loop” of downtown Chicago. Initial students were admitted on the basis of prior radio experience, and were also tested against a draft of the Eddy Test. The prototype school quickly evolved into an extensive operation called Radio Chicago; its functions included centralized grading all of the Eddy Tests. A book was written by Eddy and his staff to prepare persons for taking the Eddy Test. Even after filtering with the Eddy Test, there was initially an unacceptably high failure rate in Primary School; thus, Radio Chicago added a 4-week Pre-Radio School, concentrating on physics, mathematics, and the slide rule, conducted by taking over several local junior colleges and high schools.
There are no records of the number of people taking the Eddy Test during WWII, but this is estimated to have been 500,000 or more. In an interview, Eddy stated that 86,000 persons “received training,” possibly indicating that this number passed the test. Captain Eddy’s Legion of Merit citation states that through 1945 some 30,000 technicians completed the ETP. These numbers show that only a small fraction initially passed the Eddy Test, and that, even with this, the failure rate in the overall program was some 60 percent.
There was a hard, universally used pass-fail criterion for the Eddy Test, and a second chance was normally never allowed. Eddy described the test as having questions with multiple-choice answers, with each of the answers giving some indication of the test-taker’s mathematics/physics knowledge, creativity, reasoning ability, and general aptitude. Most answers were weighted – not simply right or wrong – and speed certainly affected the results. No copies of the actual test have been found.
Meaning and reliability.
In early 1943, the Test and Research Section, Bureau of Naval Personnel, made an in-depth study of 660 students in Primary and Secondary Schools at the Naval Research Laboratory. The results were published later in the journal "American Psychologist". The stated purpose of the study was “an endeavor to identify some of the characteristics of men who were successful in completing training.” It was noted that “in such an extensive training program as that for radio technicians which demands a high degree of concentration and ability, the Navy could ill afford to spend several months training men who, because of lack of ability, were unable to complete the training.”
Among other factors, the grades on the Otis Test were examined. It is stated in the paper that the mean score “for an unselected adult population is 42, with a possible score of 75. The average for the 660 students was 67.1.” The high average led to administering the Officer Qualification Test to a group of 282 graduating students. The overall conclusion was that “the trainees rank well above the average enlisted man, pushing close to the ceiling of enlisted tests . . . and they were also distinctly above the mean for the officer population.”
It has been cited elsewhere that ETP students scored an average of near 68 on the Otis Test. While this test does not directly indicate an intelligence score, it does indicate that personnel in the ETP were in the upper three percent of the population; this roughly corresponds to about 130 on the Stanford–Binet intelligence quotient scale.
The study indicated that the several forms of the initial RTST (Eddy Test) was somewhat lacking in internal consistency (there was a Kuder–Richardson Formula 20 value of 21%). The tests were subsequently improved to become 82 to 89%.
Updated test.
In 1951, the Bureau of Naval Personnel contracted with the Advanced School of Education, Teachers College, Columbia University, to develop a new Electronic Technician Selection Test (ETST). The contract called for this to be “somewhat less difficult than the RTST, with a maximum discrimination at or near the seventy-fifth percentage of the general high school population.”

</doc>
<doc id="31145994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145994" title="1917–18 Stoke F.C. season">
1917–18 Stoke F.C. season

The 1917–18 season was Stoke's third season in the War-time League.
With the start of World War I, all Football League football was cancelled. In its place were formed War Leagues, based on geographical lines rather than based on previous league placement. Stoke contested the Lancashire Section in the Principal Tournament, and the Southern Division of the Midland Section in the Subsidiary Tournament. However, none of these were considered to be competitive football, and thus their records are not recognised by the Football League.
Season review.
In the Primary Competition of the Lancashire League Stoke finished in 1st place with 48 points whilst in the Secondary Competition they finished 3rd with 6 points. Stoke were in free scoring form this season amassing 106 goals including a 16–0 win over Blackburn Rovers this was followed up by an 8–1 win over Rovers a week later. Stoke also beat teams 9–0 (Burnley), 7–0 (Oldham), 6–0 (Port Vale). Stoke won the Primary Competition and thus competed in the championship decider against Leeds City over two legs. However Leeds won 2–1. Both matches against Leeds drew impressive crowds and gate receipts totalled £918 which went to the National Footballers' War Fund.
Final league table.
Lancashire Section Primary Competition.
Key: P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GA = Goal average; Pts = Points
Results.
"Stoke's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="31145996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31145996" title="Radical 88">
Radical 88

Radical 88 meaning "father" is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 10 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146000" title="Holeum">
Holeum

Holeums are hypothetical stable, quantized gravitational bound states of primordial or micro black holes.
Introduction.
Holeums were proposed by L.K. Chavda and Abhijit Chavda in 2002. They have all the properties associated with cold dark matter. Holeums are not black holes, even though they are made up of black holes.
Properties of Holeums.
The binding energy formula_1 of a Holeum that consists of two identical micro black holes of mass formula_2 is given by
in which formula_4 is the principal quantum number, formula_5 and formula_6 is the gravitational counterpart of the fine structure constant. The latter is given by
where:
The formula_12 excited state of a Holeum then has a mass that is given by
The Holeum's atomic transitions cause it to emit gravitational radiation.
The radius of the formula_12 excited state of a Holeum is given by
where:
The Holeum is a stable particle. It is the gravitational analogue of the hydrogen atom. It occupies space. Although it is made up of black holes, it itself is not a black hole. As the Holeum is a purely gravitational system, it emits only gravitational radiation and no electromagnetic radiation. The Holeum can therefore be considered to be a dark matter particle.
Macro Holeums and their properties.
A Macro Holeum is a quantized gravitational bound state of a large number of micro black holes. The energy eigenvalues of a Macro Holeum consisting of formula_17 identical micro black holes of mass formula_2 are given by
where formula_20 and formula_21. The system is simplified by assuming that all the micro black holes in the core are in the same quantum state described by formula_4, and that the outermost, formula_23 micro black hole is in an arbitrary quantum state described by the principal quantum number formula_24.
The "physical radius" of the bound state is given by
The mass of the Macro Holeum is given by
The Schwarzschild radius of the Macro Holeum is given by
The entropy of the system is given by
where formula_29 is the entropy of the individual micro black holes that constitute the Macro Holeum.
The ground state of Macro Holeums.
The ground state of Macro Holeums is characterized by formula_30 and formula_31. The Holeum has maximum binding energy, minimum physical radius, maximum Schwarzschild radius, maximum mass, and maximum entropy in this state.
Such a system can be thought of as consisting of a gas of formula_32 free (formula_30) micro black holes that is bounded and therefore isolated from the outside world by a solitary outermost micro black hole whose principal quantum number is formula_31.
Stability of Holeums.
It can be seen from the above equations that the condition for the stability of Holeums is given by
Substituting the relations formula_36 and formula_37 into this inequality, the condition for the stability of Holeums can be expressed as
The ground state of Holeums is characterized by formula_30, which gives us formula_40 as the condition for stability. Thus, the ground state of Holeums is guaranteed to be always stable.
Black Holeums.
A Holeum is a black hole if its physical radius is less than or equal to its Schwarzschild radius, i.e. if
Such Holeums are termed Black Holeums. Substituting the expressions for formula_42 and formula_43, and simplifying, we obtain the condition for a Holeum to be a Black Holeum to be
For the ground state, which is characterized by formula_31, this reduces to
Black Holeums are an example of black holes with internal structure. Black Holeums are quantum black holes whose internal structure can be fully predicted by means of the quantities formula_17, formula_2, formula_4, and formula_24.
Holeums and cosmology.
Holeums are speculated to be the progenitors of a class of short duration gamma ray bursts. It is also speculated that Holeums give rise to cosmic rays of all energies, including ultra-high-energy cosmic rays.

</doc>
<doc id="31146005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146005" title="Francis Gwyn">
Francis Gwyn

Francis Gwyn PC (1648 - 14 June 1734), was a Welsh politician and official.
Background.
Gwyn was the son and heir of Edward Gwyn of Llansannor, Glamorganshire, who married Eleanor, youngest daughter of Sir Francis Popham of Littlecott, Wiltshire; he was born at Combe Florey in Somerset about 1648. He was trained for the profession of the law, but having ample means went into politics.
Member of Parliament.
At a by-election in February 1673 he was returned for Chippenham. After the dissolution in January 1679 he remained outside the House of Commons discharging his official duties, but in 1685 was elected for Cardiff. In the Convention Parliament of 1689-90 and in its successor from 1690 to 1695 he sat for Christchurch in Hampshire, and on the latter, if not on the first occasion, he was recommended by Lord Clarendon.
He represented Callington, Cornwall, from 1695 to 1698, and was elected for Totnes in 1699 and 1701. From 1701 till 1710 he represented Christchurch, and Totnes again from 1710 to 1715. Gwyn was a Tory, and lost his seat on the accession of George I until in March 1717 he was re-elected for Christchurch. At the general election in 1722 he was returned for both Christchurch and Wells, when he chose Wells, and at the dissolution in 1727 he retired from parliamentary life.
Official.
In return for the sum of £2,500 Sir Robert Southwell vacated for Gwyn the post of clerk of the council, and he was sworn in on 5 December 1679, holding the office until January 1685. Until the death of Charles II he was a groom of the bedchamber, and he was twice under-secretary of state, from February 1681 to January 1683, under his cousin, Edward, Earl of Conway, and from Christmas 1688 to Michaelmas 1689.
When Lord Rochester was lord high treasurer under James II, Gwyn was joint secretary to the treasury with Henry Guy, and when Rochester was made lord-lieutenant of Ireland in 1701 Gwyn was his chief secretary, and a privy councillor. At one time he served as a commissioner of public accounts. From June 1711 to August 1713 he was a commissioner of the board of trade, and he was then secretary at war until 24 September 1714, when he received a letter of dismissal from Lord Townshend. He was recorder of Totnes and steward of Brecknock.
Works and correspondence.
The minutes of the business which he transacted during his periods of office were sold with the effects of Ford Abbey in 1846. He accompanied James on his expedition to the west in November 1688, and his diary of the journey was printed by C. T. Gatty in the "Fortnightly Review", xlvi. 358-64 (1886). When the House of Lords met at the Guildhall, London, in December 1688, he acted as their secretary, and kept a journal of the proceedings. 
Several letters by Gwyn dated 1686 and 1687, one of which was written when he was setting out with Lord Rochester and James Kendall on a visit to Spa, are printed in the 'Ellis Correspondence' (ed. by Lord Dover), i. 170-171, 202-3, 253-4, 314-15. In 'Notes and Queries,' 2nd ser. xii. 44 (1861), is inserted a letter from him to Harley, introducing Narcissus Luttrell the diarist, and many other communications to and from him are referred to in the Historical MSS. Commission's reports. The constancy of his friendship with Rochester was so notorious that in the 'Wentworth Papers,' p. 163, occurs the sentence 'Frank Gwin, Lord Rotchester's gwine as they call him.'
Family.
In 1690 Gwyn married his cousin Margaret, third daughter of Edmund Prideaux, by his wife Amy Fraunceis, coheiress of John Fraunceis of Combe Florey, and granddaughter of Edmund Prideaux, attorney-general of Cornwall. They had four sons and three daughters, besides others who died young, and their issue is set out in the pedigree in John Hutchins's "History of Dorset".
By his marriage Gwyn eventually became owner of the property of that branch of the Prideaux family, including Ford Abbey. The property passed from the family on the death of J. F. Gwyn in 1846, and there was an eight days' sale of the abbey's contents. The sale of the plate, some of which had belonged to Francis Gwyn, occupied almost the whole of the first day. The family portraits, collected by him and his father-in-law, were also sold. In the grand saloon was hung the tapestry said to have been wrought at Arras, and given to Gwyn by Queen Anne, depicting the cartoons of Raphael, for which Catharine of Russia, through Count Orloff, offered £30,000; and this was sold to the new proprietor for £2,200. One room at Ford Abbey was called 'Queen Anne's,' for whom it was fitted up when its owner was secretary at war; and the walls were adorned with tapestry representing a Welsh wedding; the furniture and tapestry were also purchased for preservation with the house.
Gwyn died at Ford Abbey on 2 June 1734, aged 86, and was buried in its chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="31146012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146012" title="Centro Neuro Psychiatrique de Nouakchott">
Centro Neuro Psychiatrique de Nouakchott

Centro Neuro Psychiatrique de Nouakchott is a psychiatric hospital in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, west of the Ministry of Energy headquarters and the Grand National Hospital of Mauritania and opposite the Reserve Naturel de Sel Iode.

</doc>
<doc id="31146030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146030" title="Alderley, Wisconsin">
Alderley, Wisconsin

Alderley is an unincorporated community located in the Town of Ashippun, Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. Alderley is located on Highway O approximately 5 miles from Stone Bank, 4 miles north of the unincorporated community of Mapleton, and 3 miles from Ashippun.

</doc>
<doc id="31146039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146039" title="Reserve Naturel de Sel Iode">
Reserve Naturel de Sel Iode

Reserve Naturel de Sel Iode is a small reserve in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, near the Ministry of Energy headquarters and opposite the Centro Neuro Psychiatrique de Nouakchott.

</doc>
<doc id="31146040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146040" title="Riverbend (film)">
Riverbend (film)

Riverbend is a 1989 film directed by Sam Firstenberg. The screenplay was written by Samuel Vance, who produced the film.
Plot.
Three rebellious African-American army officers disobey orders in Vietnam and refuse to destroy a village inhabited with innocent people. They are sent to Georgia and are going to be court-martialed. The officers know that justice will not be served and manage to escape. The fugitives end up in the small town of Riverbend, taking refuge in the home of a sympathetic widow. The town is controlled by a brutal, racist sheriff who kills those opposing him and takes whatever he wants from the terrified residents. This bothers one of the officers who, with plans to take down the sheriff, convinces the others to help him create a secret training camp in the woods. They then begin recruiting the local African-Americans men and training them for combat. When they are prepared, the angry rebels take over the town, incarcerate the sheriff and all his cohorts and hold the rest of the town hostage in a church until their demands for media attention and an end to racism are met.
Availability.
Although the film is not available on DVD, it can be found on VHS on sites such as Amazon.com.

</doc>
<doc id="31146054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146054" title="Associação Esportiva Tiradentes">
Associação Esportiva Tiradentes

Associação Esportiva Tiradentes, commonly known as Tiradentes, is a Brazilian football club based in Fortaleza, Ceará state. They competed in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on September 15, 1961. They won the Campeonato Cearense in 1992.
Stadium.
Associação Esportiva Tiradentes play their home games at Estádio Presidente Vargas. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 23,000 people. The club also plays at Estádio Alcides Santos, which has a maximum capacity of 7,100 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31146065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146065" title="Washford transmitting station">
Washford transmitting station

Washford transmitting station is a medium wave broadcasting station and low-power digital terrestrial television relay near Washford, Somerset.
It was built in 1933 and uses as antenna a T-antenna between two tall guyed masts separated by a distance of 159 metres. Originally the station used cage antennas around each mast. The station uses the frequencies 882 kHz with 100 kW, 1089 kHz with 50 kW and 1215 kHz with 50 kW.
A smaller mast is used to relay digital terrestrial television services from the Mendip transmitting station. This mast carries the three public service multiplexes at an E.R.P. of 12.4 W.
The front portions of the old transmitter building, are now part of the Tropiquaria wildlife park and house their tropical hall, aquarium, the Washford Radio Museum and the Shadowstring Puppet Theatre.
Services available.
Digital television.
Digital television began transmitting from Washford during the digital switchover in 2010. As a low-power relay, it only carries the three public service multiplexes.
Analogue television.
Analogue television was transmitted from Washford until the digital switchover of the Mendip transmitter group between 24 March - 7 April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31146079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146079" title="Marocaine Market">
Marocaine Market

Marocaine Market is a busy Moroccan market in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just to the east of Mosque Marocaine.

</doc>
<doc id="31146080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146080" title="Minuscule 854 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 854 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 854 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε39 (von Soden), is a 13th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript has complex context.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 467 paper leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 28 lines per page.
It contains a commentary of Theophylact's authorship.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type with a mixture of other text-types. Kurt Aland did not place it in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual cluster 2148 in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 it represents textual family Kx.
History.
According to the colophon the manuscript was written in 1286.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by F. H. A. Scrivener (666e) and C. R. Gregory (854e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Vatican Library (Gr. 641), in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="31146081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146081" title="Charity (novel)">
Charity (novel)

Charity is a 1996 spy novel by Len Deighton. It is the final novel in the final trilogy about Bernard Samson, a middle-aged and somewhat jaded intelligence officer working for the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6). "Charity" is part of the "Faith, Hope and Charity" trilogy, being preceded by "Faith" and "Hope". This trilogy is preceded by the "Game, Set and Match" and the "Hook, Line and Sinker" trilogies. Deighton's novel "Winter" (1987) is a prequel to the nine novels, covering the years 1900-1945 and providing the backstory to some of the characters. 
Plot summary.
Bernard is still working for Frank Harrington in Berlin where he hardly ever gets to see his wife and children whom he hardly knows anymore. While crossing Poland Bernard is captured by Polish intelligence and is severely beaten for shooting their men while retrieving George Kosinski in "Hope". Meanwhile George is being interrogated in London but he has revealed no useful information and is now threatening to destroy Bernard and Fiona's careers. Bernard is using his position in Berlin to investigate Tessa'a death which results in Silas Gaunt confessing to hiring Thurkettle to fake Fiona's death but he denies knowing anything about using Tessa and tells Bernard to back off. 
Bernard has had enough and contacts The Swede to organise to fly him, his children and hopefully Gloria out of the country to begin a new life. The Swede is drunk and erratic and tells Bernard that on the night of Tessa's death he was hired to fly Jay Prettyman from Berlin to London and was carrying a locked box that Prettyman would need. Prettyman never showed up but his ex-wife did and took the box. 
Bernard tracks down the dying Prettyman who confesses that he hired Thurkettle but found him dead at the meeting place and drove back to West Berlin and that his ex-wife is now demanding money for the return of the box. Prettyman says the operations was all a waste of time anyway because the ruse never fooled the KGB. Bernard finds Thurkettle's hastily buried body and a gun Werner was asked to give Prettyman at the meeting place. Werner steals the box from Prettyman's ex-wife and in retaliation she shoots and wounds Werner at his grand house warming party. 
The Swede is murdered by the Russians and Gloria tells Bernard that his plan to abduct his children was stupid and that they are best off where they are, in boarding school which provides them with much needed stability. Bernard realises there is no future for him and Gloria and that she is now seeing Bret. 
Bret holds an inquiry in to Tessa's murder and announces Silas was solely responsible and no longer has any connection to the Department. The Department ordered Dicky to bring Tessa to Berlin. Silas blackmailed Prettyman into hiring Thurkettle to kill Tessa and then killing him. The box was a bomb designed to blow up The Swede's plane removing the last loose ends. Bernard suspected this but said nothing hoping to flush out who else was in on the plan but is forced to step in when he discovers Bret has ordered Frank's assistant to break into the box. 
Bret tells Bernard that both he and the Department owe him and that he will do his best to try to get Bernard Frank's job, and a pension, when Frank retires. Bret tells Bernard he is being stupid and that Fiona really loves him and not her job. Bernard say he has asked Fiona to join him in Berlin and hopes that his children can go to school in Berlin just like he did.

</doc>
<doc id="31146093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146093" title="Radical 89">
Radical 89

Radical 89 meaning "diagrams for divination" is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 16 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146099" title="Marché de La Viande">
Marché de La Viande

Marché de La Viande is a market in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just to the southwest of Mosque Ould Abas.

</doc>
<doc id="31146106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146106" title="Kalabaz">
Kalabaz

The Kalabaz are a Hindu caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. They have scheduled caste status.
Origin.
The word "kalabaz" in Hindi means an acrobat, and the Kalabaz are an endogamous sub-group within the larger Nat caste of North India. Like other Nats, they claim to have originally been Rajputs, who lost caste after their defeat at the hands of the Mughal Empire. Those Nats who became acrobats over time evolved into a distinct community. Historically, the Kalabaz were a nomadic community, but have now been settled by the Indian government. They speak Hindi, but have their own particular dialect.
Present circumstances.
The Kalabaz are strictly endogamous and practice clan exogamy. They are further divided into a number of exogamous sub-divisions, known as gotras, namely the Bakiya, Dariyabadi, Dibichia, Ghughasia, Goojre, Gulal, Jharbheria, Kala, Kingiriya, Kulba, Marora, Panchiya, Paharia and Sati. The main function of the gotra is to trace descent and to regulate their marriage alliances.
The Kalabaz are a landless community, and are still involved in their traditional occupation of acrobatic performances. Many have seen a decline in their traditional occupation, and are employed as day labourers. Like other Hindu castes, each Kalabaz settlement contains a biradari panchayat, an informal caste association, which acts as an instrument of social control.

</doc>
<doc id="31146112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146112" title="Michael Kessler (artist)">
Michael Kessler (artist)

Michael Kessler (born October 23, 1954) is an American artist. He currently lives and works in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Art.
Kessler makes nature-based paintings that merge geometric elements with biomorphism. He began his art career as a landscape painter. While still an undergraduate at Kutztown University Kessler received a fellowship from the Whitney Museum of American Art to study and produce art in New York City at the Whitney Independent Study Program. During this period (1977–78) he met many important artist working in New York City including Richard Tuttle and Dorothea Rockburne. Influenced by the paintings of Brice Marden and Elizabeth Murray as well as the music of Philip Glass and Steve Reich he began experimenting with his own work. His paintings soon became fully non-objective. Kessler's works are characterized by large fields of diaphanous color that are activated by organic linear structures that have been visually and physically woven into a grid structure which consists of thick slabs of paint. These organic linear structures are overlapped and punctuated by dendritic growth patterns that suggest the bending of time and space. All of these visual elements as well as the color combinations have been carefully extracted from nature over time through prolonged observation and then reconstructed and orchestrated to transmit the dynamics of the Natural World. In this way Kessler synthesizes disparate elements into a new kind of harmony.
In 1991 after returning from a year in Italy (via. the Rome Prize) Kessler became very involved with large-scale, site-specific installations. Gallery owner Chris Schmidt (Schmidt/Dean Gallery, Philadelphia) worked with Kessler to initiate this project by obtaining a commission from Arlen Specter for Kessler's first site-specific work which was installed in Senator Specter's office at the Hart Senate Office Building in Washington, D.C. In Chicago Kessler continued this pursuit with Gallery owner Paul Klein who also got involved with the placement of site-specific works in his gallery Klein Art Works.
Education.
Bachelors of Fine Arts degree from Kutztown University.
Kessler attended the Independent Study Program at the Whitney Museum of American Art
Awards.
Winner of the Rome Prize, 1991
Winner of the Pollock-Krasner Award, 1992
Winner of the "Awards in the Visual Arts-5" grant in painting, 1985
Winner of the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts grant in painting, 1983
Public Collections.
His paintings are held in twenty five museum collections including:
The Brooklyn Museum
The Albright-Knox Art Gallery
The Museum of Fine Arts in Boston
The Broad Art Foundation in Los Angeles
The New Museum in New York City
Gallery exhibitions.
Since 1983 his paintings have been shown in over two hundred exhibitions throughout the United States and Europe.
Critical reviews.
Kessler's paintings have been featured in numerous art publications

</doc>
<doc id="31146119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146119" title="Marché Capitale">
Marché Capitale

Marché Capitale is a busy market in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just to the northwest of Mosque Ould Abas.

</doc>
<doc id="31146138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146138" title="2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Men's 5000 metres">
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Men's 5000 metres

The men's 5000 m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 11 at 15:50 local time.

</doc>
<doc id="31146140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146140" title="Elswout">
Elswout

Elswout is a historical buitenplaats dating from the 19th century in a park by the same name in Overveen, Netherlands.
History.
The Elswout site was a buitenplaats for a long time before the current construction began. The original house (of which nothing remains) was barely finished in 1635 before being sold to Gabriel Marcelis, an Amsterdam arms merchant for the King of Denmark. He used it as a summer home while selling the sand to be shipped by boat to Amsterdam for construction. By removing the sand in the dunes on his property, he was able to lay out a garden in the French style while financing this from the profits on the sand. Though the "sand vaart" canal still exists that was dug by the original owner from the grounds to the houtvaart (and from thence to the Leidsevaart), it is called the Marcelisvaart today after the rules that Marcelis drew up for the diggers and boatsmen on his property. Removing sand from the property was only halted in 1948 when the level of the garden was considered dangerously low by the water board.
In the next century the garden was redesigned in the English style and had various owners until being bought by the Borski family in the 19th century. 
The main building seen today was designed in Italian high renaissance style in 1883 by C Muysken for the rich banker Willem Borski III of the firm Wed. Willem Borski, but construction was stopped in 1884 when Borski died childless, and the house was never completed, remaining a folly until WWII when the German occupying forces put a provisional roof on the building for use as a garrison. 
The park surrounding the main house contains various follies that are also protected in the heritage register, as are the gatekeeper's entrance, the orangerie, and the stables. Today there are plans to restore the building according to the original plans.
Today the park is open to the public and the Orangerie has a restaurant that can be rented for weddings and other events.

</doc>
<doc id="31146164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146164" title="Nouadhibou Mosque">
Nouadhibou Mosque

Nouadhibou Mosque is a mosque in Nouadhibou, Mauritania. It is located just to the east of Nouadhibou Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31146171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146171" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1622">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1622

United Nations Security Council resolution1622, adopted unanimously on 13 September 2005, after reaffirming all resolutions on the situation between Eritrea and Ethiopia, particularly Resolution 1586 (2005), the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) until 15 March 2006.
Eritrea branded the resolution as "toothless, meaningless and pathetic". 
Resolution.
Observations.
The Security Council reaffirmed its support for the peace process between the two countries and of the role played by UNMEE in facilitating the implementation of the Algiers Agreement and decision by the Boundary Commission on the mutual border. It expressed concern at the lack of implementation on the demarcation of the border as ruled by the Ethiopia-Eritrea Boundary Commission, and stated that full peace in the region could not be achieved without this. 
The resolution expressed concern at the high concentration of troops near to the Temporary Security Zone (TSZ), and noted recommendations by the Secretary-General Kofi Annan on ways to resolve the political stalemate between the two countries.
Acts.
The resolution extended UNMEE's mandate until 15 March 2006, and approved a reconfiguration of the operation and an increase in the number of military observers by 10 personnel. Both parties were urged to fulfil their commitments under the Algiers Agreement and implement the decision of the Boundary Commission in order for it to fulfil its mandate. The parties were further called upon to co-operate with UNMEE and protect United Nations personnel, and refrain from increasing troops in areas adjacent to the TSZ and threatening the use of force. There was concern at the worsening humanitarian situation in both Ethiopia and Eritrea. 
The Council reaffirmed the importance of dialogue between the two countries and the normalisation of their diplomatic relations. Meanwhile, Eritrea was called upon to re-open the Asmara to Barentu road to UNMEE traffic, and lift restrictions on the operations of humanitarian aid organisations. 
Finally, the Secretary-General was asked to closely monitor the situation and review UNMEE's mandate in light of any progress in the peace process.

</doc>
<doc id="31146181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146181" title="Radical 90">
Radical 90

Radical 90 meaning "half of a tree trunk" or "split wood" is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 48 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146196" title="What's Up weekly">
What's Up weekly

"What's Up" is an alternative weekly newspaper circulated every Wednesday in El Paso, Texas, Ciudad Juárez, México, and nearby Las Cruces, New Mexico. The publication is a member of the Alternative Weekly Network. "What's Up" prints 30,000 issues and distributes every Wednesday at various locations throughout the region such as local restaurants, cafés, bars, youth centers and retail stores. "What's Up" is also delivered with its sister publication "El Paso Inc.", El Paso's business newspaper, to home subscribers. "What's Up," encompassed by "El Paso Inc.," is a member of the Better Business Bureau.
History.
"What's Up" is published by Investor Publications, Inc., and was founded by Tom and Ellie Fenton and Debra Fraire. The publication promotes why El Paso is a great place to live and everything there is to do and see each week. Areas of content include food, cinema, theater, art, music, and nightlife in El Paso and the surrounding region.
"What's Up" was originally published on Thursdays. The print timeline was moved to Wednesdays in order to give readers more time to use the paper to make weekend plans.
Special sections.
"What's Up" publishes several special issues annually to cover notable El Paso events, including the Sun Bowl football game and Amigo Airsho. "What's Up's" reader's choice awards, the Best of the Best, also ends in a special issue after a nomination session and voting party every spring. In 2009,"What's Up" also launched "What's Up for Kids", an annual comic-book sized newspaper written for El Paso youth, ages 8 to 13.
Syndicated content in "What's Up" includes News of the Weird and ¡Ask a Mexican!. Notable musician and native El Pasoan Jim Ward formerly wrote the column "From The End Of This Pen," covering music, life, and El Paso itself.

</doc>
<doc id="31146200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146200" title="Queer as Folk (season 4)">
Queer as Folk (season 4)

The fourth season of "Queer as Folk", an American and Canadian television series, consisted of fourteen episodes and premiered on Showtime on April 18, 2004, in the United States and on Showcase on April 19, 2004, in Canada.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31146206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146206" title="Trumpler 10">
Trumpler 10

Trumpler 10 (also known as C 0846-423) is an open cluster located in the constellation Vela. It was possibly discovered by Nicolas Louis de Lacaille in 1751-52, as the cluster's location data matches well with No. II.6 in his catalog. The cluster was also officially discovered by James Dunlop in 1826 and rediscovered independently by R.J. Trumpler in 1903. 
A photometric investigation was performed in 1962 which studied 29 stars within the cluster and determined 19 additional possible members. In the study, a minimum age of 3*107 (30 million) years and a distance of 420 parsecs were derived. 

</doc>
<doc id="31146208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146208" title="2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Women's 1500 metres">
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Women's 1500 metres

The Women's 1500m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 11 at 14:55 local time.

</doc>
<doc id="31146228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146228" title="Pleurotus populinus">
Pleurotus populinus

Pleurotus populinus, the aspen oyster mushroom, is a gilled fungus native to North America. It is found on dead wood of aspen and cottonwood trees (genus "Populus"). Although morphologically similar to "Pleurotus ostreatus" and "Pleurotus pulmonarius", it has been shown to be a distinct species incapable of cross-breeding. "P. populinus" is reported to be edible. Unlike "P. ostreatus", which fruits in the autumn and winter, "P. populinus" fruits in late spring and summer.
Taxonomy.
The species was first described scientifically by mycologists Oswald and Orson K. Miller in 1993 with a provisional name. This original naming was invalid according to several sections of the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature, so it was republished in 1997.
Description.
The fruit bodies have oyster shell-shaped to fan-shaped caps that are broad by wide. The cap margin is initially rolled inward, becomes finely scalloped in age. The color ranges from ivory white to pinkish buff to orange-grey. The gills are somewhat decurrent, running a short ways down the stipe. They are 3–10 mm broad, white to cream in color, and have two sets of intervening lamellulae (short gills).
The spore print is buff. Spores are thin-walled with a narrowly elliptical to oblong shape, and dimensions of 9–15 by 3–5 µm. The basidia are club-shaped, four-spored, and measure 20–27 by 5–6 µm.
Habitat and distribution.
"Pleurotus populinus" fruit bodies grow singly to numerous—often arranged in overlapping clusters—on the rotting stumps, logs, and limbs of hardwoods. Preferred substrates include aspen and black cottonwood. It is found in the northern United States and Canada, and in mountainous regions of western North America. It is a common species in its range, where it fruits in June and July.

</doc>
<doc id="31146231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146231" title="Marina Anatolyevna Pankova">
Marina Anatolyevna Pankova

Marina Anatolyevna Pankova née Nikulina (; born 2 May 1965) is a Russian volleyball player, who was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31146239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146239" title="CFSG">
CFSG

CFSG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31146244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146244" title="Nouadhibou Cemetery">
Nouadhibou Cemetery

Nouadhibou Cemetery is a cemetery in Nouadhibou, Mauritania. It is located just to the west of Nouadhibou Mosque.
Nouadhibou Cemetery can also refer to the Ship Cemetery of some 500 or so wasted ships along the coast of Nouadhibou.

</doc>
<doc id="31146247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146247" title="Radical 91">
Radical 91

Radical 91 meaning "slice" is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 77 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146250" title="Yumeji Art Museum">
Yumeji Art Museum

The Yumeji Seika is the house where Takehisa grew up. It was converted into a museum in 1970. It was given official status as an art museum in 1979 and that same year the Shonen Sanso, a reconstruction of his Tokyo studio with the help of his son, Fujihiko Takehisa. The Shonen Sanso features many of Takehisa's self-portraits and photography.
The Honkan was built in Okayama near Kōraku-en to house the works of the Japanese artist Takehisa Yumeji in 1984, 100 years after his birth. In the Honkan Museum, there are 100 works permanently on display while the museum's other 2000 works are rotated. Some of his most famous works housed here include "Tatsuta Hime", "Aki no Ikoi" (hanging scrolls), and "Kamogawa" (a hanging scroll) each featuring the Japanese beauties that encapsulate Takehisa's artistic style and preferred subjects.
The Honkan was bestowed the Suntory Regional and Cultural Prize in 1985, making it the first recipient in the prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31146255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146255" title="Filothei-Psychiko">
Filothei-Psychiko

Filothei–Psychiko () is a municipality in the North Athens regional unit, Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Psychiko.
Municipality.
The municipality Filothei–Psychiko was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 3 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31146258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146258" title="National Sexual Violence Resource Center">
National Sexual Violence Resource Center

The National Sexual Violence Resource Center (NSVRC) identifies, develops and disseminates resources regarding all aspects of sexual violence prevention and intervention. Working in collaboration with state and territory sexual assault coalitions, representatives from underserved populations, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the U.S. Department of Justice’s Office on Violence Against Women, and a host of community-based and national allied projects, the NSVRC provides national leadership to address and prevent sexual violence. 
Activities include training and technical assistance, referrals, consultation, systems advocacy, online tools, resource library, capacity-building, integrating research findings with community-based projects, coordinating Sexual Assault Awareness Month, and sponsoring national conferences and events. The NSVRC was founded by the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape in 2000. 
Although based in the U.S, the NSVRC offers technical assistance and resources that assist communities and programs on a global scale.
Resources.
As a national information center, the NSVRC collects and disseminates a wide range of resources on sexual violence including statistics, research, position statements, statutes, training curricula, prevention initiatives and program information. Additionally, the NSVRC develops print and online resources on a range of sexual violence-related topics including child sexual abuse, housing, workplace sexual violence, sexual violence in disasters, engaging bystanders in prevention, and building collaborative, community responses.

</doc>
<doc id="31146295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146295" title="Elizabeth Benger">
Elizabeth Benger

Elizabeth Ogilvy Benger (baptised on 15 June 1775 at West Camel, Somerset, died on 9 January 1827 in London) was an English biographer, novelist and poet.
Background.
Elizabeth was the daughter of John Benger or Benjey and his wife Mary, née Long. Her father was a tradesman in Wells, but he became a Royal Navy purser in 1782 and the family lived mainly in Chatham, Kent until 1797. According to her fellow writer Lucy Aikin, Elizabeth early showed "an ardour for knowledge, a passion for literature." She was allowed at the age of twelve to attend a local boys' school to learn Latin, and in the following year had a poem published called "The Female Geniad". This featured "female theologians, scholars, and preachers such as Cassandra del Fides, Isabella of Barcelona, and Issona of Verona, alongside Cornelia, as historic women to inspire 'the British fair' of her day." It was preceded by a customarily apologetic preface that "deploys innocence with great sophistication", as recent commentators put it. "The voice the poem... is the voice of cultural authority." 
Hard up after the death of her father in 1796, the family moved to Devizes, Wiltshire and then to London in 1802, where Benger made the acquaintance of several literary figures. These included the novelists Jane and Anna Maria Porter, and the poet Caroline Champion de Crespigny, a former mistress of Lord Byron. She later became known to John Aikin and his daughter Lucy, the poet and children's writer Anna Laetitia Barbauld, Sarah Wesley, the writer daughter of the prominent Methodist Charles Wesley, and the novelist and actress Elizabeth Inchbald. She made a poorer impression on Charles and Mary Lamb, and on the diarist Henry Crabb Robinson, who described her as "ludicrously fidgety" at a party where Wordsworth was present.
Writings.
Elizabeth wanted to become a playwright, but she had no success and soon turned to poetry with a social message. "The Abolition of the Slave Trade" appeared in 1809 with verse by James Montgomery and James Grahame on the same subject. Then came two novels, the second of which was also translated into French.
She later turned to non-fiction, translating from German and introducing a volume of letters by Friedrich Gottlieb Klopstock, and to writing and compiling competent biographical materials on Elizabeth Hamilton, John Tobin, Elizabeth of Bohemia, Anne Boleyn and Mary, Queen of Scots between 1818 and 1825. After that, her health began to fail. She was collecting materials for a life of Henry IV of France when she died on 9 January 1827.

</doc>
<doc id="31146316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146316" title="2012 French Figure Skating Championships">
2012 French Figure Skating Championships

The 2012 French Figure Skating Championships were the French national championships of the 2011–2012 season. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, ice dancing, and synchronized skating on the senior level for the title of national champion of France. The results of the national championships are among the criteria used to choose the French entries for the 2012 European and 2012 World Championships.
The 2012 Championships took place between 16 and 18 December 2011 in the Patinoire de la Cartonnerie­ in Dammarie-lès-Lys.
Senior results.
Men.
Joubert won his 8th national title.
Ladies.
Silété won the ladies' title.
Pairs.
Popova and Massot won their first title.
Ice dance.
Péchalat and Bourzat won their third national title.
Junior results.
The Junior Championships took place from 24–26 February 2012 in Charleville-Mézières.
Junior men.
Ten skaters competed in the junior men's event.
Junior ladies.
Nine skaters competed in the junior ladies' event.
Junior ice dancing.
18 couples competed in the junior ice dancing event.

</doc>
<doc id="31146318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146318" title="Khustup">
Khustup

Khustup is a mountain located in the southern Syunik Province of Armenia, to the south of Kapan city. The height of the mountain is 3,206 meters. The origin of Vachagan River is located at the northen edge of mount Khustup.
The Armenian national hero; military leader Garegin Nzhdeh is buried on the slopes of Mount Khustup.

</doc>
<doc id="31146321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146321" title="Radical 92">
Radical 92

Radical 92 meaning "tooth" or "fang" is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are nine characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146325" title="WSPF (defunct)">
WSPF (defunct)

WSPF (1000 AM) was a radio station licensed to Hickory, North Carolina, known as "Channel One Radio". The station had a 5000-watt daytime-only signal, with a transmitter on Tate Boulevard and studios at Second Avenue Southeast and N.C. 127. 
History.
WSPF signed on in October 1963 with a rock and roll format. In March 1982, the format changed to modern country.
On August 8, 1985, morning DJ Gary "Mountain Man" McMahan began raising funds to rescue 4-year-old Barney the Buffalo, who weighed . Barney escaped from a farm in Franklin County, North Carolina, attacked a car, and was purchased for $1 by E.B. Harris, who vowed to slaughter the animal unless someone raised the money to take care of him. McMahan made Barney his show's mascot and vowed to raise $1000. After three sleepless nights for McMahan, the goal was met August 10. Newton musician Buddy Rhodes wrote "The Ballad of Barney the Buffalo" and recorded it with his band Hard Times for WSPF. A Philadelphia radio station interviewed McMahan, and the station received calls form San Diego, California and Monroe, Washington. A store at an area mall printed "Bucks for Barney" t-shirts, which bartenders at one area location wore while asking customers for money. Eventually, WSPF raised $1,600, of which $1,135.13 went to Harris; the rest went to charity. A.B. Cooke's Buffalo Ranch, a 71-acre park with a petting zoo and a lake in Cabarrus County, North Carolina, took Barney. In January 1986, Cooke sold the ranch, but WSPF operations manager Scott Conley said a Catawba County, North Carolina farmer agreed to take Barney if necessary. 
Willis Deal owned Piedmont Broadcasting, which owned the station for its entire history. On December 31, 1987, WSPF signed off for the last time. Deal, retiring at age 68, sold the property for $450,000 to Westcom Ltd., the owners of WIRC and WXRC. DJ Scott Conley, who had been part of WSPF for 18 years, moved to WKGX in nearby Lenoir.

</doc>
<doc id="31146332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146332" title="Jojo Burger Tempest">
Jojo Burger Tempest

Jojo Burger Tempest is a double album by the British band Working for a Nuclear Free City. Released in 2010, the album is the band's third album, and the second to be released in the U.S. The album contains one disc of 17 individual songs and one of a single 33-minute suite. 
Response.
Critical response.
Critical response to the album was mixed. Marc Hogan of Pitchfork commented that the album is "a lot to take in, but with its blend of live drumming, textural guitars, skittering electronics, and wistful harmonies, it's worth braving Jojo's, uh, storm". Robert Cooke of Drowned in Sound noted that "the hour-long main section of "Jojo Burger Tempest" is too hollow to be of much merit". "Spin" magazine's Jon Young described the music as "hopscotching through styles with fidgety glee". 

</doc>
<doc id="31146338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146338" title="Esporte Clube Próspera">
Esporte Clube Próspera

Esporte Clube Próspera, commonly known as Próspera, is a Brazilian football club based in Criciúma, Santa Catarina state.
History.
The club was founded on March 29, 1946. They won the Campeonato Catarinense Second Level in 2005.
Stadium.
Esporte Clube Próspera play their home games at Estádio Engenheiro Mário Balsini. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31146341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146341" title="Nouadhibou Regional Hospital">
Nouadhibou Regional Hospital

Nouadhibou Regional Hospital () is a regional hospital in Nouadhibou, Mauritania.

</doc>
<doc id="31146345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146345" title="Port Townsend Writers' Conference">
Port Townsend Writers' Conference

The Port Townsend Writers' Conference was founded in 1974 by novelist Bill Ransom. It is held every summer at Fort Worden State Park, within the city limits of Port Townsend, on the inner tip of the Olympic Peninsula in Washington state. The conference is presented by Centrum, the multidisciplinary arts organization that also presents Jazz Port Townsend, the Festival of American Fiddle Tunes, and other week-long and weekend workshops and festivals. 
The Conference features morning workshops in literary fiction, non-fiction, and poetry, and afternoon workshops in a wide variety of literary topics. Annual attendance averages 200 writers. Numerous readings, craft lectures, special events, and guided freewrites are a part of the Conference. 
Noted authors who have been associated with the Port Townsend Writers' Conference over the years include Margaret Atwood, Raymond Carver, Alice Walker, Leslie Marmon Silko, Ken Kesey, Carolyn Forché, Belle Randall, Barry Lopez, Tom Robbins, Sam Hamill, Marvin Bell, Sherman Alexie, David Guterson, Terry Tempest Williams and Frank Herbert.

</doc>
<doc id="31146352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146352" title="Kapariya">
Kapariya

The Kapariya are a Hindu caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. They are also known as Khunkhuniya Bhatt and have scheduled caste status.
Origin.
The word "kapariya" is derived from the Hindi word "kapra", which means a cloth. They claim to be a branch of the Bhatt community, that took to begging. A change of occupation led to an evolution of a distinct community. They have two sub-divisions, the Brahma Bhatta and Rao Bhatta. The Kapariya are found mainly in Fatehpur District, where they are considered the original settlers. They speak Awadhi among themselves, and Hindi with outsiders.
Present circumstances.
The Kapariya are strictly endogamous and their two sub-divisions, the Brahma Bhatta and Rao Bhatta are also endogamous. They are further divided into a number of exogamous sub-divisions, known as gotras. The main function of the gotra is to trace descent and to regulate their marriage alliances. The Brahma Bhatta claim a higher status from the Rao Bhatta, a system of hypergamy exists among these two groups.
The Kapariya are a landless community, and are still involved in their traditional occupation is begging. Many have seen a decline in their traditional occupation, and are employed as day labourers. A small number have been granted land, but their land holdings are extremely small. Like other Hindu castes, each Kapariya settlement contains a biradari panchayat, an informal caste association, which acts as an instrument of social control.

</doc>
<doc id="31146354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146354" title="Albinaria praeclara">
Albinaria praeclara

Albinaria praeclara is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="31146374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146374" title="Radical 93">
Radical 93

Radical 93 meaning "cow" is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 233 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146375" title="Carrick Davins GAA">
Carrick Davins GAA

Carrick Davins GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the town of Carrick-on-Suir in south County Tipperary in Ireland. It is one of three GAA clubs in the town, one of which, St Molleran's, is in County Waterford in the southern suburb of Carrickbeg across the River Suir. The club plays both hurling and Gaelic football but is predominantly a hurling club. The club enjoys a keen rivalry with Carrick Swans GAA. The club is named in honour of Maurice Davin, the first President of the GAA, who lived near the town.
History.
Carrick-on-Suir has a history of hurling and football going back to the 1800s when there were nine teams in the Carrick catchment area, consisting mainly of families and relations. Games were played in the nine acre field and there were no regulation size of pitch: usually the bounds were the ditch around a field. There were no set numbers of players, and a team could consist of up to 30 players a side. 
The club was founded in 1922. In the early years there was a leaning towards the football side of the Association, and green and white jerseys borrowed from neighbours Grangemockler were worn until the 1930s when Cork red was chosen, hence the nickname "The Red Rebels". In the early 1930s the club registered as "The Davins" in honor of the Davin brothers, founders of the GAA.
Hurling.
The Davins have won 11 South Tipperary senior hurling titles, two county senior hurling titles and a Munster senior hurling club title, becoming the first Tipperary side to do so.
In 2009, Carrick Davins won the Tipperary Intermediate Hurling Championship title which saw them return to the Senior Grade. They reached a South Tipperary Senior Hurling final in 2011, where they played Mullinahone. Also in 2011, the club enjoyed a South Title in Junior hurling, which was a first in a long time. 
In 2012 the club secured eight underage titles. Also in 2012 the club lost some of its hurling greats, including Club President Sean Organ. 

</doc>
<doc id="31146390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146390" title="List of tambon in Thailand – C">
List of tambon in Thailand – C

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter C. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.

</doc>
<doc id="31146396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146396" title="Lykovrysi-Pefki">
Lykovrysi-Pefki

Lykovrysi-Pefki () is a municipality in the North Athens regional unit, Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Pefki.
Municipality.
The municipality Lykovrysi-Pefki was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31146424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146424" title="Albinaria lerosiensis">
Albinaria lerosiensis

Albinaria lerosiensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="31146427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146427" title="Tim Rothwell">
Tim Rothwell

Tim Rothwell is an American entertainment and licensing executive. He is CEO of The American Outdoorsman, one of the longest-running outdoor-themed television program in the U.S. and a member of the Board of Directors of Cinsay, Inc., an eCommerce and online video platform development company headquartered in Texas. Rothwell served as Corporate Vice President and Co-Managing Director of Worldwide Licensing and Consumer Products at IMG. He worked for Universal Studios, reinvigorated Marvel Entertainment by pursuing new licensee business that totaled over $5 billion in retail sales and was named the top licensing agent while at IMG. He currently is President and CEO of The American Outdoorsman and sits on the board of online e-commerce/video on demand/merchandising startup Cinsay Inc.
Early years.
Tim Rothwell attended from the University of South Carolina and earned a Bachelor's of Arts in Journalism in 1982. He began his career at the Kimberly Clark Corporation, working with world renowned consumer brands including Kleenex, Huggies and Depends.
Career.
VF Corporation.
Rothwell worked for VF Corporation's Lee Jeans brand for nine years, and was responsible for managing sales and marketing of the brand to a broad range of retailers.
Universal Studios.
He entered the entertainment industry at Universal Studios, where over a seven-year period, he rose to the level of senior vice president of Universal Studios' consumer products group. During his tenure he oversaw merchandising and marketing launches for numerous theatrical titles including "Jurassic Park", "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial," "How the Grinch Stole Christmas," "The Fast and the Furious" and "Hulk" movies.
Marvel Entertainment.
He left Universal to join Marvel Entertainment, where he served as president of worldwide consumer products. There, he oversaw licensing and marketing strategy for all major Marvel franchises, including Spider-Man, Fantastic Four and X-Men. He generated $5 billion in retail through licensing the company's major franchises, as well as developing new business with Hasbro, Activision and Microsoft.
While at Marvel, Rothwell identified an opportunity to turn the comic book publisher's universe of 5,000 characters — besides its identifiable characters that had traditionally gotten attention by consumers — that had potential to become lucrative intellectual properties and licenses built on the company's X-Men, Spider-Man, Fantastic Four, Wolverine, Iron Man, and Hulk feature films. International business of Marvel's properties rose six times under Rothwell. He also revived the company's animation production with new Fantastic Four, Iron Man and X-Men series as well as bringing Marvel's heroes and villains to clothing retailers Foot Locker, Steve & Barry's, Zara and H&M as well as UK retailer Next and Japanese clothing line A Bathing Ape.
In an announcement coinciding with 2005's San Diego Comic-Con International, Microsoft Game Studios inked an exclusive deal with Marvel, which Rothwell facilitated. Rothwell, quoted by Reuters, stated the agreement with Microsoft and its XBox 360 platform was the "one and only" for Marvel in the realm of massively multiplayer online gaming. The partnering was seen as response to Korean-based NCsoft's City of Heroes game which allowed players to outfit their online characters to appear like Marvel superheroes, prompting a lawsuit by Marvel.
Rothwell also oversaw Marvel extending its exclusive deal with video game company Activision to continue publishing titles based on Spider-Man movie titles and any new TV series until 2017 that gives it exclusive worldwide publishing rights.
Rothwell put Marvel together with toy company Hasbro in exclusive toy deal for all regions outside of Asia in January 2007. 
IMG.
Rothwell joined entertainment and media company IMG in 2006 as executive vice president and co-Managing directors of worldwide licensing and consumer products. He was tasked with developing IMG's licensee business which included the entertainment, media, fashion and sports companies it represented.
In April 2009, Rothwell was named No. 1 in a survey of Top 20 Licensing Agents by License Magazine. His key licensing properties for retail sales in 2008 included EA Sports, Wimbledon, Ferrari, Cesar Milan, Chicken Soup for the Soul, Manchester United F.C., Arnold Palmer, the National Collegiate Athletic Association, Rose Bowl Game, University of Texas, University of Notre Dame, The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company. In international markets, the key properties he represented were Chevron Corporation, Churchill Downs, Pelé and 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Later that year in July, he brought IMG and national nutritional supplement retailer General Nutrition Centers together to develop GNC-branded consumer products which included food and beverage, fitness and wellness equipment, apparel, health and body products and fitness accessories.
In new position, Rothwell brought eight new licensees for Harrah Entertainment's World Series of Poker in June 2010: Boys and Nat Nast (apparel), United States Playing Card Company (playing cards, poker chips, and poker accessories), Technosource (electronic handhelds), Cinsay Inc. (E-commerce), Silver Buffalo (barware/wall decor), Top of the World and Infinity Headwear (headwear).
He also orchestrated a brand licensing deal with IMG client Electronic Arts and its Toy Island and EA Sports divisions to develop a line of interactive athletic training aids to include integrating voice commands and coaching elements, a complete game-in-a-box, sports toys using electronics and a line of foam balls to help children develop motor skills at an early age.
The American Outdoorsman.
Rothwell is currently CEO and president of The American Outdoorsman, which produces a hunting and fishing show that has run for over 20 years. He also sits on the board of directors of CInsay Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="31146433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146433" title="Radical 94">
Radical 94

Radical 94 meaning "dog" is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 444 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146434" title="Ivan Skerlev">
Ivan Skerlev

Ivan Skerlev (; born 28 January 1986 in Haskovo) is a Bulgarian footballer, who plays for Haskovo as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="31146441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146441" title="Thomas Street (judge)">
Thomas Street (judge)

Thomas Street (1625- 8 March 1696) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1679.
Street was born in Worcester, the son of George Streete of Worcester. He matriculated at Lincoln College, Oxford on 22 April 1642 aged 16. He entered Inner Temple in November 1646 and was called to bar on 24 November 1653. He was a member of Oxford Circuit. 
In 1659, Street was elected Member of Parliament for Worcester in the Third Protectorate Parliament. 
Street was re-elected MP for Worcester in 1660 for the Convention Parliament. He was appointed JP for Worcestershire on 10 July 1660. In 1661 he was re-elected MP for Worcester in the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1679. He was sub secretary to dean and chapter of Worcester from 1661 to 1687. He was town clerk of Worcester and was Mayor in 1667. From 1667 to 1677 he was Puisne judge of great sessions and ex officio JP for Brecknock, Glamorgan and Radnor. He became a Bencher of his Inn on 7 November 1669 but was fined £100 for refusing to come up to the bench when called. He became Serjeant at law on 3 July 1677 and was Chief Justice for Brecknock, Glamorgan and Radnor from 1677 to 1681. He became King's Sergeant on 23 October 1678. He was knighted on 8 June 1681 and was a Baron of the Exchequer from April 1681 to 1684. In 1682 he was recorder of Worcester and 1683 recorder of Droitwich 1683, He was a Justice of the Court of Common Pleas from 1684 to 1689.
Street died aged 70 and was buried in Worcester Cathedral.
Street married Penelope Berkeley daughter of Sir Rowland Berkeley of Cotheridge.

</doc>
<doc id="31146455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146455" title="Albinaria corrugata">
Albinaria corrugata

Albinaria corrugata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="31146474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146474" title="Władysław Marian Jakowicki">
Władysław Marian Jakowicki

Władysław Marian Jakowicki (1885 – ca.1940/1942) was a Polish soldier, physician and an academic. Professor and rector of the Stefan Batory University in Wilno (Vilnius). Arrested, imprisoned and died in the aftermath of the Soviet invasion of Poland (around 1940-1942), exact location and place of death unknown.
Biography.
Władysław Marian Jakowicki was born on 19 September 1885 in Vitebsk. In 1903 he finished a gymnasium there, and for the next three years he studied medicine at the University of Moscow. After the 1905 Russian Revolution he transferred to Lviv (Lwów) University, where in 1910 he received the physician qualification. Next year he received confirmation of his diploma from the Kiev University. From that time till the First World War he was an assistant in the obstetrics and gynaecology clinic of the Lviv University.
After the start of the war he joined volunteer units under Józef Piłsudski. From December 1914 he was the physician of the I baon of the 1st Infantry Regiment of the Polish Legions. On 1 January 1915 he was promoted to junior lieutenant, and on 26 January he became the chief physician of the 1st Regiment. He remained on that post till 25 April 1917, through the entire history of the 1st Regiment, advancing to the captain rank (1 October 1916). He was dismissed from the Legions after the Oath Crisis incident. He returned to Lviv, resuming his former position.
Throughout his military career he was awarded the Silver Cross of Virtuti Militari, as well as Cross of Valour (twice).
In the aftermath of World War I Lviv was incorporated into the newly independent Second Polish Republic. Jakowicki joined the new Polish Army. In December 1918 he was assigned to the director (ordinator) of the surgical department of the Military Hospital in Chełm. On 1 April 1920 he was promoted to deputy colonel. On 18 March 1921 upon request he was dismissed from active service. In 1923 he received habilitation of his degree. In 1924 he was an officer of the reserve in the 9th Hospital Regiment, from 1920 to 1924 working in the obstetrics clinic of the Warsaw University. On 1 October 1925 he became the chair of the obstetrics and gynaecology department (katedra) of the Stefan Batory University in Vilnius (Wilno). From 1929 to 1939 he was the dean of the medical department, and from 1936 to 1937, rector of the university. He resigned his position as the rector due to anti-Semitic incidents at the university, in protest over the introduction of the ghetto benches system.
He was a member of many scientific societies, such as the Lviv, Warsaw and Vilnius Medical Associations. He has served as president in some of them. He was one of the editors of the "Ginekologia Polska" ("Polish Gynaecology") journal in the years 1924-1925 and has authored numerous scientific publications.
After the German and Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939, Vilnius was occupied and annexed by the Soviet Union. Around 25 September 1939 Jakowicki was arrested by the NKVD and transferred from Vilnius to a prison in Minsk. He was sentenced for 10 years. It is presumed that he died somewhere in the Soviet Union around 1940 to 1942; exact location and circumstances of his death are unknown. Tomas Venclova wrote that he "vanished without a trace". He was one of the nineteen Polish faculty from the Stefan Batory University arrested by the Soviets and one of their nine fatalities (see Soviet repressions of Polish citizens (1939–1946)).

</doc>
<doc id="31146487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146487" title="List of tambon in Thailand – A">
List of tambon in Thailand – A

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter A. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.

</doc>
<doc id="31146489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146489" title="Michel van Rijt">
Michel van Rijt

Michel van Rijt (born June 25, 1970 in Helmond, Netherlands) is a martial artist and the national coach of the Greek Jiu-Jitsu and Pankration team since 2005.
Career.
Van Rijt started with judo when he was 10 years old. At 15 he was member of the national judo team under 18 and later under 21. When he was 16 he started also with Pencak Silat, later with Wado Ryu Karate and Shotokan Karate at age of 17. When he was 19 he took up also Jiu-Jitsu. At the age of 23 he started to compete in jiu-jitsu and became a member of the national team from 1994 until 2001 when he stopped his career. At the age of 25 van Rijt stopped as an active judo fighter but kept training with the National Judo Team and National Jiu-jitsu team. Also he trained Karate with the National Coach in that time Huub Meijer. In the years between he trained many years with his friend Bas Rutten in Eindhoven where Bas was an instructor of Pancrase. Also Boxing, Kick-Boxing, Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Shooto, Greek Roman and Freestyle wrestling (De Halter Utrecht) came along. Van Rijt trained all these sports for many years and this made him an all-round fighter.
Results.
The most important titles are:
Michel van Rijt as coach / trainer.
In 1999 Michel van Rijt starts his own school/club named budosport Van Rijt and changed that name later in Sportcentrum Van Rijt. In his school he trained many talents.
He had many fighters who became National Champion Jiu-Jitsu and even higher. His sister Yvonne van Rijt became as a Junior 3 times Dutch Champion with the seniors and took several 2nd and 3rd places at European and World Championships Jiu-Jitsu for Juniors.
Patricia Hekkens became 5 times National Champion, European Champion, World Champion and Winner of Gold medal at World Games.
Radjan Rambaratsingh became European Champion Amateur Shooto in 2007 in the category - 91 KG.
In 2005 the Greek Jiu-Jitsu Federation asked him to become the National Coach for Greece.
In the years following van Rijt made a few World Champions with the Aspirants and Juniors several 2nd and 3rd places in European and World Championships Aspirants and Juniors and also some 5th places in World Championships for Seniors. Also a 3rd place from Gianis Papadopoulos in the - 69 KG category in the European Championships in Montenegro 2009.
One of his students in Greece was Hermes Dimitropoulos who trained in his School in Athens (Budo Ryu Athina). Before van Rijt came to Greece Hermes was already a good judo fighter with 2 National titles in Judo in the Juniors -21. Van Rijt started to train with Hermes mostly Jiu-Jitsu Fighting and making finetuning of karate and Judo. Also on the floor they spent many hours for Grappling and BJJ. Hermes now is one of the best fighters in Greece. Because of injuries he did nog take a medal at a European or World Championships. He became World Champion Pancration and took some 5th places in World and European Championships Jiu-Jitsu.
Seminars.
Van Rijt was asked by the JJIF (Jiu-Jitsu International Federation) to give seminars in different countries also he was personally invited as teacher in:
Netherlands, Bulgaria, Romania, Slovenia, Cyprus, Germany (Bundes Seminar, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010, Mauritius, Paris (France), Russia, Belgium, Finland, USA, (San Francisco), Canada, Norway, Italy, Israel. Macedonia, Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="31146496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146496" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1623">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1623

United Nations Security Council resolution1623, adopted unanimously on 13 September 2005, after reaffirming all resolutions on the situation in Afghanistan, particularly resolutions 1386 (2001), 1413 (2002), 1444 (2002), 1510 (2003) and 1563 (2004), and resolutions 1368 (2001) and 1373 (2001) on terrorism, the Council extended the authorisation of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) until mid-October 2006. 
Resolution.
Observations.
The Security Council recognised that the responsibility for providing security and law and order throughout Afghanistan resided with Afghans themselves. It recalled the Bonn Agreement and its provision for the progressive expansion of ISAF to other areas beyond Kabul. The Council also stressed the importance of the expansion of central government authority, security sector reform and comprehensive disarmament, demobilisation and combatting the narcotics trade. There were concerns that the Bonn Agreement could not be fully implemented due to the security situation in parts of the country. 
The resolution welcomed the co-operation of the Afghan Transitional Administration and the intention of ISAF and Operation Enduring Freedom to assist with national elections. It also appreciated Italy for taking lead of ISAF in place of Turkey, and commended nations that had contributed to Eurocorps. The Council determined the situation in Afghanistan to be a threat to international peace and security.
Acts.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council expanded the mandate of ISAF for a period of twelve months beyond 13 October 2005. ISAF was asked to work with the Transitional Administration and its successors, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Operation Enduring Freedom.
States participating in the force were authorised to use all necessary measures to fulfil the mandate, while other Member States were asked to contribute personnel and resources to the operation. Finally, the ISAF leadership was requested to provide quarterly reports on the implementation of its mandate. 

</doc>
<doc id="31146504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146504" title="List of tambon in Thailand – D">
List of tambon in Thailand – D

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter D. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31146506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146506" title="List of tambon in Thailand – B">
List of tambon in Thailand – B

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter B. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.

</doc>
<doc id="31146513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146513" title="List of tambon in Thailand (E–F)">
List of tambon in Thailand (E–F)

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letters E and F. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31146517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146517" title="Queer as Folk (season 5)">
Queer as Folk (season 5)

The fifth season of "Queer as Folk", an American and Canadian television series, premiered on Showtime on May 22, 2005, and on Showcase on May 23, 2005. Consisting of thirteen episodes, season five served as the final season for "Queer as Folk".
The series finale aired on August 7, 2005, in the United States and August 15, 2005, in Canada.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31146526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146526" title="List of tambon in Thailand – H-I">
List of tambon in Thailand – H-I

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letters H and I. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31146530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146530" title="Pleasant Hill, Wisconsin">
Pleasant Hill, Wisconsin

Pleasant Hill is a neighborhood located in the village of Richfield, Washington County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located on Highway 164 heading towards Hartford, Wisconsin.
This used to be an unincorporated community until 2004 when the sign was torn down and it became a modern day neighborhood in the village of Richfield. If you look hard enough, it was on Washington County maps, I believe from 1912 and beyond.

</doc>
<doc id="31146532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146532" title="Papagou-Cholargos">
Papagou-Cholargos

Papagou-Cholargos () is a municipality in the North Athens regional unit, Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Cholargos.
Municipality.
The municipality Papagou-Cholargos was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31146534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146534" title="List of tambon in Thailand – K">
List of tambon in Thailand – K

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter K. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31146538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146538" title="List of tambon in Thailand – L">
List of tambon in Thailand – L

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter L. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31146543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146543" title="Sexual Assault Awareness Month">
Sexual Assault Awareness Month

Sexual Assault Awareness Month (SAAM) is an annual campaign to raise public awareness about sexual assault and educate communities and individuals on how to prevent sexual violence. It is observed in April.
Each year during the month of April, state, territory, tribal and community-based organizations, rape crisis centers, government agencies, businesses, campuses and individuals plan events and activities to highlight sexual violence as a public health, human rights and social justice issue and reinforce the need for prevention efforts.
The theme, slogan, resources and materials for the national SAAM campaign are coordinated by the National Sexual Violence Resource Center each year with assistance from anti-sexual assault organizations throughout the United States.
History.
As early as 1976, Take Back the Night marches rallied women in organized protest rape and sexual assault. These marches protested the violence and fear that women encountered walking the streets at night. Over time these events coordinated into a movement across the United States and Europe. Because of this movement broader activities to raise awareness of violence against women began to occur. 
In the late 1980s, the National Coalition Against Sexual Assault (NCASA) informally polled state sexual assault coalitions to determine the preferred date for a national Sexual Assault Awareness Week. A week in April was selected. By the late 1990s, many advocates began coordinating activities and events throughout the month of April, advancing the idea of a nationally recognized month for sexual violence awareness and prevention activities. SAAM was first observed nationally in April 2001.
In 2009, President Obama was the first United States president to proclaim April as Sexual Assault Awareness Month.
April is also sexually transmitted disease awareness month in the United States, started in 2009 to promote education about STDs and prevention.
Color and Symbol.
State, territory, and tribal sexual violence coalitions were polled in 2000 by the Resource Sharing Project (RSP) and the NSVRC to determine that the color teal was the preferred color for sexual assault awareness and prevention and that April was the preferred month to coordinate national sexual assault awareness activities. The teal ribbon was adopted as a symbol of sexual assault awareness and prevention.

</doc>
<doc id="31146560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146560" title="Albinaria caerulea">
Albinaria caerulea

Albinaria caerulea is a species of air-breathing rock-dwelling clausiliidae land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails. Albinaria caerulea lives, like most Albinaria species, on limestone substrates in semi-arid habitats, and aestivates on limestone rock-surfaces covered by lichens, algae and mosses.
The Albinaria caerulea has a medium sized shell which is smooth and white. It measures up to 16 mm tall. The Albinaria caerulea occurs in large numbers however numbers can fall sharply if there are predators around such as birds. The estimated life of a Albinaria caerulea is around 7 years and during its last dry season before sexual migration its sex organs increase in size and become more mature.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="31146574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146574" title="Cornelius van Cleve">
Cornelius van Cleve

Cornelis (Sotte Cleef) van Cleve (or van Cleef ) (1520, in Anvers - 1567) was a Netherlandish painter.
He was the son of Joos van Cleve. From a 1604 writing by Karel van Mander, in he is misnamed "Joos van Cleef geheeten den Sotten Cleef", we learn that Sotte Cleef moved to England around 1555, where he managed to get some commission from the royal court.
Works.
His painting "L'adoration des mages", descends from the tradition of Joos van Cleve. In general his paintings show influences from Raphael, Leonardo da Vinci and Andrea del Sarto.
His painting "Virgin and Child" is exposed at the Fitzwilliam Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31146585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146585" title="Radical 95">
Radical 95

Radical 95 meaning "dark" or "profound" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 5 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are only 6 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146596" title="Karwal">
Karwal

Karwal (also Gharwar, Garhwar) is a gotra of the Mair caste who have their origins in Punjab, India.

</doc>
<doc id="31146603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146603" title="Ed Williams (running back)">
Ed Williams (running back)

Edward Lee Williams was a professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

</doc>
<doc id="31146608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146608" title="St. James Church, Cape Town">
St. James Church, Cape Town

The St. James Church in Cape Town, South Africa, is a large church whose building was built in 1900. It is also known as St. James Church, Kenilworth.
It was the location of an attack by gunmen in which 11 persons died, on Sunday 25 July 1993, during church services.

</doc>
<doc id="31146637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146637" title="Erwin Friedlander">
Erwin Friedlander

Erwin Max Friedlander (May 29, 1925 – January 22, 2004) was a noted American expert in high-energy nuclear physics at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and a member of the Romanian Academy of Sciences.
Biography.
A pioneer in the use of nuclear emulsions for cosmic ray and accelerator research, Friedlander founded and headed the Cosmic Rays Laboratory at the Institute for Atomic Physics in Bucharest, Romania, before emigrating to the United States in 1975. 
He authored more than 250 scientific publications, was a professor at Cornell University, the University of Pennsylvania, and the University of Marburg in Germany, and conducted research at CERN, Fermilab, the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Russia, and at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in Berkeley, California. He was the recipient of a Humboldt Prize in 1986. 
Friedlander's research focused on multiparticle production dynamics. His Cosmic Ray Laboratory in Romania was among the first to discover multiplicity scaling laws in proton-nucleus reactions. During his years at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Friedlander was engaged in the experimental study of the interactions of relativistic heavy ion nuclei and their secondary products. He played a leading role in many international collaborations, including the initiation of a collaboration using relativistic heavy ion beams at the Bevatron. 
Friedlander was the youngest person ever elected to the Romanian Academy, an honor withdrawn by the country's Communist regime after he defected to the West in 1975. In 2003 the Romanian Academy of Sciences awarded him an honorary membership in recognition of his lifelong contributions to physics. 
In 1978 Friedlander became actively involved in the worldwide human rights movement known as SOS — Scientists for Sakharov, Orlov and Sharansky. Friedlander was also an accomplished pianist and organist and was fluent in seven languages. 
He died on January 22, 2004 in Oakland, California after a long struggle with heart disease.
Publications.
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory

</doc>
<doc id="31146657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146657" title="Paul Severino">
Paul Severino

Paul Severino is an sportscaster and studio host for MLB Network. He joined MLB Network in 2011 after working for ESPN from 2005 until 2010.
Severino regularly appears on studio programming including "MLB Tonight," "Quick Pitch" and MLB Network Strike Zone. 
While he was with ESPN he was an ESPNews anchor, co-anchored ESPN America, anchored ESPN3.com halftime shows for NBA and NCAA football games, hosted daily "Fantasy Focus" MLB and NFL programs on ESPN.com. In 2008 and 2009 he served as play-by-play announcer for Pop Warner Championships at Disney's Wide World of Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="31146658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146658" title="William Howard (American football)">
William Howard (American football)

William Dotson Howard was a professional American football player who played running back for two seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

</doc>
<doc id="31146662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146662" title="Sugar Island, Wisconsin">
Sugar Island, Wisconsin

Sugar Island is an unincorporated community located within the town of Lebanon, Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. It is on County Trunk Highway O, west of Highway 67, and is 10 miles east of Watertown, Wisconsin, and 5 miles east of County Trunk Highway R in Lebanon, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="31146668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146668" title="Radical 209">
Radical 209

Radical 209 meaning "nose" is 1 of 2 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 14 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 49 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146670" title="Steve Thayer">
Steve Thayer

Steve Thayer (b. in St.Paul, Minnesota) is an author whose work has been on the The New York Times Best Seller list . His birth date is March 23, 1952. Thayer was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota and currently resides in Edina, Minnesota. Thayer graduated from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in 1976. His books are classified as suspense genre. The topics of his work include criminal investigations, conspiracies, murder, and kidnapping.Thayer's writing as been described as "gritty" and "fast-paced."
Works.
Saint Mudd:A Novel of Gangsters and Saints (1988)

</doc>
<doc id="31146673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146673" title="Daniel Pemberton">
Daniel Pemberton

Daniel Pemberton (born 3 November 1977) is an Ivor Novello- winning and multi BAFTA-nominated English composer.
In 2013 he completed the score to director Ridley Scott's film "The Counselor". The score was recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London.
He has also composed title tunes and incidental music for countless award winning television series including "The Game", "Prey", "Ambassadors", "Peep Show", "Desperate Romantics", "Space Dive", "Occupation", "Prisoners' Wives", "My Mad Fat Diary", "Suburban Shootout", "Hell's Kitchen", "Great British Menu", "Hiroshima", "Bad Lads' Army", "", "The Yellow House", "Monster Moves", "Dirk Gently", "Napoleon" and the first series of the 2010 revival of "Upstairs Downstairs". He also has composed music for video games such as "LittleBigPlanet", "Kinect Adventures", "LittleBigPlanet 2" and "The Movies". Using the alias The Daniel Pemberton TV Orchestra some of his television themes were released on the album "TVPOPMUZIK" in 2007 while his video game work - notably that from LittleBIGPlanet - was released on the album LITTLE BIG MUSIC.

</doc>
<doc id="31146685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146685" title="Eclipse of Reason (Horkheimer)">
Eclipse of Reason (Horkheimer)

Eclipse of Reason is a book published in 1947, by Max Horkheimer. It discusses how the Nazis were able to project their agenda as "reasonable". 
It is broken into five sections: Means and Ends, Conflicting Panaceas, The Revolt of Nature, The Rise and Decline of the Individual and On the Concept of Philosophy and deals with the concept of reason within the history of western philosophy. Horkheimer defines true reason as rationality, which can only be fostered in an environment of free, critical thinking. He details the difference between objective, subjective and instrumental reason, and states that we have moved from the former through the center and into the latter (though subjective and instrumental reason are closely connected). Objective reason deals with universal truths that dictate that an action is either right or wrong. It is a concrete concept, and a force in the world that requires specific modes of behavior. The focus in the objective faculty of reason is on the ends, rather than the means. Subjective reason is an abstract concept of reason, and focuses primarily on means. Specifically, the reasonable nature of the purpose of action is irrelevant - the ends only serve the purpose of the subject (generally self-advancement or preservation). To be "reasonable" in this context is to be suited to a particular purpose, to be "good for something else". This aspect of reason is universally conforming, and easily furnishes ideology. In instrumental reason, the sole criterion of reason is its operational value or purposefulness, and with this, the idea of truth becomes contingent on mere subjective preference (hence the relation with subjective reason). Because subjective/instrumental reason rules, the ideals of a society, for example democratic ideals, become dependent on the "interests" of the people instead of being dependent on objective truths. Nevertheless, Horkheimer admits that objective reason has its roots in Reason ("Logos" in Greek) of the subject. He concludes, If by enlightenment and intellectual progress we mean the freeing of man from superstitious belief in evil forces, in demons and fairies, in blind fate - in short, the emancipation from fear - then denunciation of what is currently called reason is the greatest service we can render.

</doc>
<doc id="31146687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146687" title="Refuah Health Center">
Refuah Health Center

Refuah Health Center is a Health Clinic located in the Village of New Square in Rockland County NY. Founded in 1992, Refuah Health Center is a community health center that provides health care in Rockland, Sullivan, Orange, and Ulster Counties in New York to all residents who need it, regardless of their ability to pay. Refuah was approved as a federally qualified health center in 2002.
Refuah currently operates three health centers. Refuah’s main health center is located in Spring Valley, which is in Rockland County. Refuah operates another health center in South Fallsburg, which is in Sullivan County, and, in March of 2012, Refuah opened a new health center in Spring Valley. Refuah also operates five mobile medical vans. In 2011, Refuah served 30,867 patients with 156,015 visits. 
Refuah offers a wide range of primary care and specialty services, including:
• Adult Medicine
• Family Practice
• Pediatrics
• Women’s Health
• Behavioral Health
• Pediatric and Adult Dentistry
• Dermatology
• Gastroenterology
• Geriatrics
• Otolaryngology
• Optometry 
• Ophthalmology
• Physical Therapy
• Podiatry
• Laboratory
• Nutrition 
Refuah has received Level 3 recognition--the highest level of recognition--under the National Committee for Quality Assurance's Patient-Centered Medical Home program. To receive this recognition, a health center has to demonstrate that it has exceptional systems of care that help patients achieve the best health outcomes. Refuah has also received recognition under NCQA’s Diabetes Provider Recognition program, which demonstrates that Refuah has achieved excellent outcomes for their patients with diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="31146690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146690" title="Catherine Roraback">
Catherine Roraback

Catherine Gertrude Roraback (September 17, 1920 – October 17, 2007) was a civil rights attorney in Connecticut, best known for representing Estelle Griswold and Dr. C. Lee Buxton in the famous 1965 Supreme Court case, " Griswold v. Connecticut", which legalized the use of birth control in Connecticut and created the precedent of the right to privacy. She is also known for such cases as the New Haven Black Panther trials of 1971, in which she defended Black Panther member Ericka Huggins after she was accused of murder. Roraback dealt with issues such as women's rights and racial discrimination and lived her life to defend the rights of the "dissenters and the dispossessed".
Early life and family.
Roraback, commonly known as "Katie", was born in Brooklyn, New York to Reverend Albert Edward Roraback and Gertrude Remsen Ditmars on September 17, 1920.[http://www.nytimes.com/2007/10/20/nyregion/20roraback.html?_r=1] Her parents were married in Brooklyn on June 24, 1914. Her father, Albert Roraback was a Congregational Minister of the Church of the Evangel in Brooklyn. Albert Roraback graduated from Yale Divinity School in 1905 and became a pastor at the Church of Evangel in 1910. Reverend Roraback was initially from Canaan, CT, where his father, Alberto T. Roraback, was the chief justice of the Supreme Court of Connecticut.
Among Catherine's well-known relatives was her uncle, political boss J. Henry Roraback, who controlled the Connecticut Republican Party from 1912 to 1937, serving as the party's chairman. The Republican Party successfully unified and controlled most affairs throughout the state in the 1920s under Roraback's leadership. At the time, J. Henry Roraback was considered the most influential man in Connecticut. He was a strong influence in the creation of Connecticut's Candlewood Lake, which is used today to generate electricity. Ironically, amidst the struggle for suffrage at the beginning of the 20th century, J. Henry Roraback opposed the bill that would grant women's suffrage in the United States. This stance contrasted significantly with Catherine's deep involvement in women's rights and her promotion of feminism that came to be her legacy. Catherine Roraback was also a cousin of Senator Andrew Roraback of Connecticut. Senator Roraback is a Republican State Senator who represents the 30th district communities. He also served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1994 to 2000 and serves as Minority Caucus Chairman and Deputy Minority Leader Pro Tempore. Catherine Roraback's family ties to political leaders in Connecticut are extensive and were a powerful influence on her career, as was the influence of her parents, both of whom were social activists.
Roraback attended Mount Holyoke College, where she graduated in 1941, and Yale Law School, in where she graduated in 1948. She was the only woman in her graduating class at Yale. In 1955, Roraback took over her family's solo practice in Canaan, Connecticut. She inherited the practice from her great-uncle, J. Clinton Roraback, who was a trial lawyer. The practice was founded in 1873 by her grandfather, Alberto Roraback. She continued the solo practice in Canaan until her death in 2007. Throughout her early career, she participated in many controversial cases, such as a Smith Act trial in Connecticut in the 1950s, in which she defended members of the Communist party such as Ladislaus "Laddie" Michalowski, a Progressive organizer whom Roraback represented in front of the House Un-American Activities Committee.
Career.
"Griswold v. Connecticut".
Catherine Roraback's participation in the Supreme Court case " Griswold v. Connecticut" began with the case's predecessor, "Poe v. Ullman". In the late 1950s, the 1879 law banning contraceptives in Connecticut became a prominent issue for many women. Planned Parenthood executive director Estelle Griswold realized that the law was out of date and posed medical problems. She and Yale University chief of obstetrics and gynecology, Dr. Charles Buxton, along with Yale School of Law professor Fowler Harper, took the issue to the Supreme Court, with Roraback leading the litigation. Roraback argued that the banning of contraceptives was a medical concern for women and a problem for married couples, and should be overturned. However, the Supreme Court ruled that because the law had never been enforced, it was not a serious issue and voted 5–4 to keep the law in place.
As a result, Griswold and Buxton decided to test whether or not the law would be enforced, and opened a birth control clinic in New Haven. The clinic was shut down almost immediately and Griswold and Buxton were arrested and found guilty of violating the law by providing birth control. The case was taken to court, with Catherine Roraback representing Griswold and Buxton. She took a different approach to this case and argued that the law violated the right to privacy for married couples. During the trial, Roraback continued to argue the right to privacy for married couples. However, after a brief time, it was understood that the Connecticut courts were not going to change their stance on birth control and Roraback would lose the case. The courts valued the moral issues of the law to too great an extent to change. While defending Griswold and Buxton in what was then known to be the Buxton case in the Connecticut Superior Court, Roraback had already begun to file the appeals so that the case would be taken to the United States Supreme Court. Much to Roraback's belief, the jury ruled against Griswold and Buxton, considering the law necessary for the "preservation of mankind", a ruling that Roraback found ridiculous. She brought the case to the Supreme Court, where it came to be known as "Griswold v. Connecticut".
Roraback continued the argument of the right to privacy for married couples during the Supreme Court trial mainly because privacy had become an important issue throughout the country in the last decade. The McCarthy hearings and fear of Soviet spying throughout the 1950s had left Americans paranoid about their privacy. It was logical for Roraback to use this as a defense, as she understood that this would be supported by a great deal of people. The argument was only in defense of married couples. The idea to extend the argument for unmarried couples was not considered because many considered the idea too vulgar and outlandish; in the 1950s, most Americans took a conservative attitude toward extra-marital sex. The Supreme Court agreed with the argument, and voted 7–2 for the elimination of the law in 1965. As a result, contraceptives for married couples were legalized in Connecticut. Roraback achieved fame after the case and soon after defended many other women in cases regarding birth control and abortion, including "Abele v. Markle", which legalized abortion in Connecticut in 1972, one year before the Supreme Court case Roe v. Wade. "Griswold v. Connecticut" then paved the way for "Eisenstadt v. Baird", which legalized contraception for unmarried couples. The right to privacy became a Supreme Court of the United States precedent and is still in use throughout the United States.
The New Haven Black Panther trials.
In 1971, Catherine Roraback represented Black Panther leader Ericka Huggins in the New Haven Black Panther trials. Huggins and Bobby Seale, who was the national party chairman, were accused of ordering the murder of Alex Rackley, a 19-year-old member of the party who was believed to have been infiltrating the organization for the police. Seale was in New Haven making a speech at Yale University and was seen entering the Black Panther headquarters after finishing his speech, where Rackley was being held hostage and tortured. After the murder had taken place a few days later, the accused, Warren Kimbro, Lonnie McLucas, and George Sams, admitted that Seale had ordered them to murder Rackley. Bobby Seale was put on trial with Huggins, who was said to have been assisting in Rackley's torture and had supported the plan for his execution. Catherine Roraback was Huggins's lawyer for the case.
Roraback used gender discrimination as a way to help Huggins's defense and persuade the jury of her innocence. Upon first entering the courtroom, Huggins commented on the lack of women assisting in the case, noting the male judge, jury, and attorneys. From that moment, Roraback realized that she may be able to convince the jury that Huggins was not as much of a leader in the party as she actually was and provoke sympathy for her. She manipulated the jury's sense of feminism by allowing Huggins to remark on her mistreatment due to discrimination. Roraback devised a plan to help Huggins win the case by providing a line for her to say if the cross examiner condescended or spoke over her. After being criticized while on the witness stand, Huggins said very clearly, "Well, you see, it's very hard, first of all, for a woman to be heard by men." The line worked as Roraback had intended it to. The jury began to side with Huggins and the majority eventually believed her to be innocent. The jury, however, could not reach unanimity and voted 10–2 vote Huggins's acquittal. The case was declared a mistrial for both her and Bobby Seale and both went free. Roraback representation was successful and influenced her role in defending women's rights.
The Peter Reilly murder case.
In 1973, Catherine Roraback faced yet another controversial case that impacted the Connecticut courts profoundly. Peter Reilly, an 18-year-old from Litchfield County, Connecticut, was accused of sexually assaulting and brutally murdering his mother, Barbara Gibbons, on September 28, 1973, after returning from a youth meeting at his church. Reilly arrived home and called the police after discovering his mother's mutilated body. When the police arrived they questioned Reilly about what happened and believed him to be acting suspiciously. They subjected him to over 25 hours of interrogation before he finally confessed to the crime. The police made him sign a formal confession before going on trial. Peter Reilly asked Roraback to represent him, as he was sure that he would be sentenced to years in prison without strong legal assistance. Roraback agreed to defend Reilly because she truly believed in his innocence and believed that the police had forced him to confess after hours of mental and emotional torture. Her determination to prove his innocence and expose the corruption that Reilly was subjected to was so strong that she agreed to take on the case for an infinitesimal amount of money. Despite lack of evidence against Reilly and the doubts that most people had regarding the validity of the confession, Roraback could do nothing to persuade the court that he was innocent, the argument being that he had signed a formal confession. Peter Reilly was found guilty by the jury and sentenced to 6 to 16 years in prison.
Roraback appealed the trial immediately, refusing to allow the court to get away with the conviction based on a forced confession. Soon after hearing the conviction, many friends and neighbors of Reilly's began to assist him in his campaign to be proven innocent. Among them was playwright Arthur Miller, who made the case a public issue and alerted "The New York Times" of the case and asked them to investigate. The outcome of the second case did not look promising for Reilly, as the prosecutor continued to stress the point that Reilly had confessed to the murder. However, as the case continued, the prosecutor, John Bianchi, died suddenly and was replaced. The new prosecutor quickly found details and extensive evidence that showed that Reilly was miles away from his house when the murder happened. Upon discovering this evidence, the judge dropped all charges against Reilly and Roraback had successfully proved of his innocence. The case was very significant in Connecticut because the public began to feel that the police were not to be trusted, as they forced a man to sign a confession of murder when he was clearly innocent.
The case reopened in 2004 when Peter Reilly demanded to see the files from the case. Though he was found innocent, he still felt it necessary to uncover who had murdered and sexually assaulted his mother. However, State police were reluctant to release the files to the public, a notion that angered many who felt that the murder should be solved. The Freedom of Information Commission eventually ruled that the police were obligated to release the files but were not required to release those mentioning Peter Reilly.
Awards and honors.
Catherine Roraback Awards.
Since 1980, NARAL Pro-Choice Connecticut has given out the Catherine Roraback Award, an award given to those who have made a contribution to the defense of privacy, the Pro-Choice movement, or the effort to have a more distribution of contraceptives throughout the country.
Main page: "Recipients of the Catherine Roraback Award"
Throughout her career, Catherine Roraback participated in many historically significant groups. She co-founded the Connecticut Civil Liberties Union, a nonpartisan organization that works to secure the rights of citizens as listed in the Bill of Rights. Roraback also served as president of the National Lawyers Guild from 1973 to 1985, a bar association that focused on defending human rights and working to change the political and economic system. She served on the Connecticut Women's Education and Legal Fund and was a board member emeritus of the American Civil Liberties Union.
Roraback received numerous awards for her legal and humanitarian actions throughout her life. Among these are induction into the Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame, an esteem also received by Katharine Hepburn and Helen Keller. She is also the namesake of the Catherine Roraback Law Scholarship Fund of the Litchfield County Bar Association.
Later life.
After trying many cases throughout the civil rights movement, Catherine Roraback continued her practice in Canaan, Connecticut, continuing to defend civil rights. Her practice also served to help in smaller affairs including criminal defenses and divorces. She participated in Planned Parenthood as a legal counsel long after "Griswold" and continued to defend, as she called them, the "dissenters and the dispossessed". Roraback died at Noble Horizons living facility in Salisbury, Connecticut, of undisclosed causes on October 17, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31146692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146692" title="Gare de Thomery">
Gare de Thomery

Thomery is a railway station in Thomery, Île-de-France, France.
The Station.
The station is located on the Paris–Marseille railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. The station is served by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon).
The station was designed by the architect François-Alexis Cendrier, one of many he worked on for the railroad company "Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée".
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Thomery:

</doc>
<doc id="31146709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146709" title="IDEC">
IDEC

IDEC can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31146719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146719" title="Fish Market (Nouakchott)">
Fish Market (Nouakchott)

Fish Market is a bustling fish market on the coast in the western part of Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is described by Lonely Planet as "incredibly lively and extremely colorful" and having "teams of men, mostly Wolof and Fula, dragging in heavy hand-knotted fishing nets and small boys hurrying back and forth with trays of fish".

</doc>
<doc id="31146730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146730" title="Deicide discography">
Deicide discography

This is the discography of the American death metal band Deicide.

</doc>
<doc id="31146734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146734" title="Karl-Arne Johannessen">
Karl-Arne Johannessen

Karl-Arne Johannessen (born 1952) is a Norwegian physician, health administrator and sports official. He was president of the Norwegian Handball Federation from 1999 to 2004, and the Norwegian Olympic Committee and Confederation of Sports from 2004 to 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31146760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146760" title="Radical 210">
Radical 210

Radical 210 meaning "even" or "uniformly" is 1 of 2 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 14 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 18 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146763" title="List of tambon in Thailand – M">
List of tambon in Thailand – M

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter M. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31146772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146772" title="Thomas Hall (MP)">
Thomas Hall (MP)

Thomas Hall (5 August 1619 - 28 Sep 1667) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1660.
In 1654, Hall was elected Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire in the First Protectorate Parliament and was re-elected MP for Lincolnshire in 1656 for the Second Protectorate Parliament. He was appointed assessment commissioner for Worcester in 1656. 
In 1660, Hall was elected MP for Worcester in the Convention Parliament. He was appointed J.P. on 10 July 1660.
Hall died at the age of 48.

</doc>
<doc id="31146773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146773" title="List of tambon in Thailand (N–O)">
List of tambon in Thailand (N–O)

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letters N and O. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31146774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146774" title="List of tambon in Thailand – P">
List of tambon in Thailand – P

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter P. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.

</doc>
<doc id="31146775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146775" title="Little River Reservoir, North Carolina">
Little River Reservoir, North Carolina

The Little River Reservoir is located in Durham, North Carolina, United States, and is one of the main drinking sources for the town.

</doc>
<doc id="31146785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146785" title="List of tambon in Thailand – R">
List of tambon in Thailand – R

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter R. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31146793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146793" title="List of tambon in Thailand – S">
List of tambon in Thailand – S

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter S. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31146795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146795" title="List of tambon in Thailand (U–V)">
List of tambon in Thailand (U–V)

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letters U and V. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. 

</doc>
<doc id="31146798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146798" title="List of tambon in Thailand – T">
List of tambon in Thailand – T

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter T. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.

</doc>
<doc id="31146799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146799" title="Schweinepriester">
Schweinepriester

Schweinepriester (literal translation "Swine priest") is a German pejorative denoting a repugnant male person. Grimm's Deutsches Wörterbuch defines "Schweinpriester" or "Schweinepriester" as a word for an unclean or foul-mouthed person (an "unreinlichen oder unflätigen Menschen").
The expression is documented since the 19th century. Originally, it denoted swine-herders in the service of a monastery who were also tasked with castrating of piglets.

</doc>
<doc id="31146800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146800" title="List of tambon in Thailand – W">
List of tambon in Thailand – W

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter W. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31146804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146804" title="List of tambon in Thailand – Y">
List of tambon in Thailand – Y

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter Y. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.

</doc>
<doc id="31146809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146809" title="List of tambon in Thailand – Name unknown">
List of tambon in Thailand – Name unknown

This is a list of "tambon" (sub-districts) in Thailand, in which the name in unknown. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.

</doc>
<doc id="31146820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146820" title="Henri Perrot">
Henri Perrot

Henri Perrot, born on 21 August 1883 (died in 1961) in Paris, was a French engineer who was one of the pioneers of the automobile industry from the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. He holds numerous patents in the field of automotive drum/shoe braking.
Drum brakes.
In 1924, after meeting at a European auto show, Vincent Bendix acquired the license to manufacture Perrot's shoe-brake patents.
Turcat-Méry.
After World War I Henri Rougier reworked a limited quantity of his 1913/14 Turcat-Méry chassis which included adding 4 wheel brakes using Henri Perrot's latest drum/shoe brake design.
Death.
He died in 1961 in Monte Carlo.

</doc>
<doc id="31146823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146823" title="Setup Squad">
Setup Squad

Setup Squad is a 2011 American reality television series from the LGBT-interest network Logo. The series follows the owner and staff of Wings, Inc., a dating agency in New York City specializing in professional dating experts or "wingmen" who give their clients a dating make-over.

</doc>
<doc id="31146828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146828" title="Radical 208">
Radical 208

When writing Chinese characters Radical 208 meaning "rat" or "mouse" is 1 of 4 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 13 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 92 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146859" title="Radical 207">
Radical 207

Radical 207 meaning "drum" is 1 of 4 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 13 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 46 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146870" title="Casino de Port-Gentil">
Casino de Port-Gentil

Casino de Port-Gentil is a casino in Port-Gentil, Gabon. It is located just to the north of Saint Louis Church and the École Mixte. The casino forms part of an entertainment complex in the city which includes "Le Galion" next door, the Supermarche Casino across the street and the City Sport Centre. It opens at 10pm from Thursday to Sunday and features blackjack, roulette, poker and slot machines.

</doc>
<doc id="31146873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146873" title="Simon Kane">
Simon Kane

Simon Kane born 9 October 1967 in Sydney Australia best known as a race driver, but now works as a sound technician in television. He started in Formula Ford in the late 1980s and proceeded to Formula Holden in 1989. In 1990 he won the Australian Drivers' Championship and CAMS Gold Star. From there he had a disappointing International Formula 3000 season in 1991, failing to qualify for the two events he entered. He then returned to Australia and spasmodically entered Australian Drivers' Championship rounds in coming years, including a top five result at the one-off 1993 Indonesian Grand Prix. He now races some club events in a Porsche 911.
Complete International Formula 3000 results.
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races 
in "italics" indicate fastest lap)

</doc>
<doc id="31146889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146889" title="Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist (Seattle, Washington)">
Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist (Seattle, Washington)

The former Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 2656 42nd Avenue, Southwest, in the Admiral District of West Seattle in Seattle, Washington. Built in 1929 by contractor Neil McDonald, it was designed by Seattle architect Gerald C. Field in the Art Deco style of architecture. Sixth Church, which had been incorporated in 1919, declined in membership in the latter part of the 20th century, so in 2002, it decided to sell its building and merge with Fourteenth Church of Christ, Scientist. The building is listed as a Seattle Landmark. The building is now the Sanctuary at Admiral and is a venue for weddings and banquets.

</doc>
<doc id="31146893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146893" title="Beggin' on Your Knees">
Beggin' on Your Knees

"Beggin' on Your Knees" is a song performed by the "Victorious" cast featuring Victoria Justice. It was produced by Kristian Lundin and Shellback, who also co-wrote the song with Savan Kotecha, for "Victorious" (2011), the soundtrack to the Nickeloden television series, "Victorious". It was released as the album's third single on April 1, 2011 through Columbia Records in association with Nickelodeon. Musically, the song runs through an synthpop oriented beat with teen pop lyrics, and the lyrics speak of vengeance against a cheating boyfriend.
The song was met with generally positive reviews from critics, with the majority of them praising its messaged. "Beggin' on Your Knees" has currently charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number fifty-eight, remaining as the second highest peaking song from the soundtrack. The accompanying music video portrays Justice following her unfaithful boyfriend while in the carnival having fun with the "Victorious" cast. The music video premiered on March 12, 2011 on Nickelodeon, during the TV movie "Best Player".
Background.
"Beggin on Your Knees" is the fourth single released from the soundtrack "Victorious" (2011), for the television series of the same name on Nickelodeon. It was first heard on the series's second season debut episode,"Beggin' on Your Knees", which premiered on April 2, 2011 in North America, a day after the single's release. The song was performed by Justice with backup dancers in the episode. After learning of her new partner's agenda, Tori Vega (Justice) enlists the help of Andre Harris (Leon Thomas III) to write and produced the song. The scene where the song was performed features Justice with her partner Ryder Daniels (Ryan Rottman) on stage. As Ryder is about to start singing, he recognizes that his microphone is not functioning. Tori continues singing, making gestures at him with the spotlight flashing on him the entire time, indicating who the song is written about. Tori and Andre wrote the song after learning that Ryder was using her and other girls to pass his school grades, and the song was made to make him fail the singing exam and expose him as a heartbreaking liar.
The song was written by Savan Kotecha and Shellback. Shellback also produced the track along with providing all the instruments and programming for it. He also provided the recording for the song, which took place at Maratome Studios in Stockholm, Sweden. Kristian Lundin also recorded the song at CMK Island Studios and Westlake Studios, both in Los Angeles, California. The mixing for the song was provided by Serban Ghenea took place at MixStar Studios in Virginia Beach, Virginia with the engineering provided by John Hanes and assistance provided by Tim Roberts.
Composition.
"Beggin' on Your Knees" is an electro-rock song that contains influences of teen pop and dance-pop. The song runs through a dance-oriented beat and features a lighter sound than the preceding single, "Best Friend's Brother". The theme of this song is center around vengeance and coming of age. The lyrics are about a seeking vengeance on her boyfriend after learning of his relationship with another girl. Victoria Justice's vocal range spans almost two octaves from the low note of A3 to the high belted note of G5.
Critical reception.
Jessica Dawson of "Commonsensemedia", the website that rates music for parents approval for children's listening, rated the song three out of five stars, praising its playful and child-friendly nature, while warning parents of the main message, commenting that "The lyrics are playful but could be construed as menacing: "You mess with me, I'll mess with her, I'll make sure you get what you
deserve" and "Watch your back, you don't know when or where I could get
you."" Joe DeAndrea of "AbsolutePunk" praised the song, along with "Freak the Freak Out", for its catchy nature, further commenting that "They will get stuck in your head and you'll probably feel a little ashamed, but no worries: it's the good type of ashamed! Like eating chocolate cake in a bathtub alone on a Friday night. But really, it's easier to accept it when you realize that the songs aren't all that worse than what is currently on the radio." Bob Hoose and Steven Isaac of "Plugged In Online", a site that rates music for children's listening, condemned the song for its objectionable content, mainly noting "the singer has payback schemes on her mind: "You mess with me/I'll mess with her/ … So watch your back/'Cause you don't know when or where I could get you/ … I'll have you crawlin' like a centipede.""
Music video.
The video was directed by Marcus Wagner. The video was shot at the pier, in the city of Santa Monica. In the video, Justice is a girl having fun with her friends at a carnival when she finds out that her boyfriend has cheated on her. So, she watches her boyfriend, remembering the good times they had, looking for the right moment to confront him about his other girlfriend. In the end Justice decides to whisper in the other girl's ear, to tell her that the boyfriend is cheating and so both girls dump the boyfriend. Justice moves on and decides to forget the boyfriend and have fun.
Performances.
On 2 April 2011, the day after the song was officially released as a single, Justice performed a short version of the song in the "Countdown to Kids' Choice", shown one hour before the 2011 Kids' Choice Awards.
The song was also performed on the season two premiere of "Victorious."
Credits and personnel.
Credits are taken from "Victorious" liner notes.
Chart performance.
"Beggin' on Your Knees" debuted at number 83 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on the April 16, 2011 chart and jumped to number 58 in the next week.

</doc>
<doc id="31146898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146898" title="St. Clair Lee">
St. Clair Lee

St. Clair Lee (April 24, 1944 – March 8, 2011) was an American R&B vocalist with the band The Hues Corporation, which had a top ten record on the R&B and pop music charts called "Rock The Boat". The single went to number one in 1974 and sold over two million copies.
Early life.
Lee was born Bernard St. Clair Lee in San Francisco, California. It has often been erroneously stated that his full birth name was Bernard St. Clair Lee Calhoun Henderson, but he asserts in an interview that, while his ancestry included Calhouns and Hendersons, neither of these were ever part of his official name. When he was born, someone at the hospital mistakenly wrote "St. Clair" instead of his originally intended name, Sinclair. When he was a young man, he found out that "Sinclair" means "Big Bear" and that the American Indian side of his family were Blackfoot that had migrated down from Canada to Oklahoma. It was this discovery that led him to decide to wear his trademark headband. He attended Santa Monica College.
Career.
The Hues Corporation was formed in 1969, in Santa Monica and began playing frequently in Palm Springs and Las Vegas. In Vegas, Lee worked at Circus Circus. During this time, he worked on the same stages with Frank Sinatra, Milton Berle, Nancy Sinatra and Glen Campbell. When the band secured a record deal, Lee started to record and tour with the band regularly. Before their first big hit, they also contributed to the soundtrack of the blacksploitation film "Blackula".
The success of The Hues Corporation is greatly tied to the musicianship Lee worked with on their biggest selling album "Freedom For The Stallion". In 1973, he was in the studio with some of RCA's best talent, including: Jim Gordon, Hal Blaine, and Dennis Budimir, as well as Larry Carlton, Joe Sample, and Wilton Felder of The Crusaders – and many others.
Touring with the band took Lee to Europe, South America, The Far East Australia and New Zealand. He performed for Queen Elizabeth at the same event with Dionne Warwick. He performed with The Jackson 5 in Radio City Music Hall. Lee also shared bills with The Commodores, The Spinners, Dolly Parton and with Dinah Shore many times on her TV program. Lee could perform soul, jazz, and R&B - as the group was very versatile.
After a second moderate success ("Rockin' Soul") with the band and a few more records, The Hues Corporation disbanded in 1978 and then reformed in later years. Lee continued to tour and perform with the band up until his death.
Legacy.
The song "Rock the Boat", by The Hues Corporation, has been included on hundreds of soundtracks and compilation albums since the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="31146911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146911" title="Gare de Fontainebleau–Avon">
Gare de Fontainebleau–Avon

Fontainebleau–Avon is a railway station in Avon and Fontainebleau, Île-de-France, France. The station is located on the Paris–Marseille railway line. The station is served by TGV (high speed) and TER (local) services operated by SNCF. The station is served by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon). The station was designed by the architect François-Alexis Cendrier, one of many he worked on for the railroad company "Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée". The station benefits from a TGV journey to the Mediterranean Sea, with a train leaving for Marseille at 07.30 on a Saturday and returning on the Sunday evening. Journey time is 4.30 hours.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Fontainebleau–Avon:

</doc>
<doc id="31146922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146922" title="Ras Nouadhibou lighthouse">
Ras Nouadhibou lighthouse

The Ras Nouadhibou lighthouse (sometimes called the Cap Blanc lighthouse) is a lighthouse located on Ras Nouadhibou in Mauritania. Constructed in 1910, it is today located only a few feet from Mauritania's border with Western Sahara. In recent years it appears to have been replaced with a modern fiberglass light structure. The lighthouse serves as a landfall light for the port of Nouadhibou.

</doc>
<doc id="31146931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146931" title="Radical 206">
Radical 206

Radical 206 meaning "sacrificial tripod" or "three-legged cauldron" is 1 of 4 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 13 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 14 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31146933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146933" title="July 1927">
July 1927

The following events occurred in July 1927:

</doc>
<doc id="31146949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146949" title="William Hutchinson (rugby union)">
William Hutchinson (rugby union)

William Hutchinson (1856–1880) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1876 to 1877.
Early life.
William Hutchinson was born on 1856 in .
Rugby union career.
Hutchinson attended and played his club rugby for the Royal Indian Engineering College at Cooper's Hill. He was selected to play for England in 1876 and made his international debut on 6 March 1876 at The Oval in the England vs Scotland match. His debut was described as "a very brilliant first appearance" and he was described as a first-rate half-back, a quick starter, with a very fair amount of pace, an unselfish player, and good tackle. His second and final match was on 5 February 1877 at The Oval in the England vs Ireland match. This match was the first international to be played with fifteen a-side, making Hutchinson one of the few players to have played international matches in both 20 and 15 a-side eras. Eight minutes into the match Hutchinson ran in for a try and later scored again, making him England's record try scorer at that point.
Hutchinson's military career was to take him to India and it was this which curtailed his rugby playing career. Whilst in India, he died in 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="31146957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146957" title="James E. Boasberg">
James E. Boasberg

James Emanuel "Jeb" Boasberg (born February 20, 1963) is a District Judge on the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, also serving as a Judge on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court; and former associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
Early life and education.
Boasberg was born in San Francisco, California in 1963, to Sarah Margaret (Szold) and Emanuel Boasberg III. The family moved to Washington, D.C. when Boasberg's father accepted a position in Sargent Shriver's Office of Economic Opportunity, a Great Society agency responsible for implementing and administering many of Lyndon B. Johnson's War on Poverty programs.
Boasberg received an A.B. from Yale University in 1985, where he was a member of Skull and Bones, and a Master of Studies the following year from Oxford University. He then earned his law degree from Yale Law School in 1990. After completing law school, Boasberg served as a law clerk for Judge Dorothy W. Nelson of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judicial service.
During the 111th Congress, Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton recommended Boasberg to fill a judicial vacancy on the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. On June 17, 2010, President Barack Obama formally nominated Boasberg to the District Court for the District of Columbia. Boasberg was confirmed on March 14, 2011 by a vote of 96 ayes to 0 nays. He received his commission on March 17, 2011.
Osama Bin Laden Photos.
On April 26, 2012, Judge Boasberg issued a publicly controversial ruling. He denied the public's right to view government photos of a deceased Osama Bin Laden. Judicial Watch, a conservative legal group, had filed a request under the Freedom of Information Act, but were unsuccessful in convincing the Judge that FOIA rights outweighed national-security factors.
Registered Tax Return Preparer Regulations.
On January 18, 2013, Judge Boasberg issued a permanent injunction prohibiting the Internal Revenue Service from enforcing regulations on Registered Tax Return Preparers, which otherwise required tax return preparers to register with the IRS and pass a written test as evidence of competency. "Loving v. Internal Revenue Service," No. 12-385 (U.S.D.C. D.C. 1/18/2013). The IRS plans to appeal.
Appointment to United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
On February 7, 2014 Chief Justice John G. Roberts announced that he would appoint Boasberg to the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for a term starting May 18, 2014 to a seat being vacated by Reggie Walton. His term began May 18, 2014
Personal.
Boasberg married Elizabeth Leslie Manson in 1991. His brother, Tom Boasberg, succeeded Michael Bennet as Superintendent of Denver Public Schools after Colorado Governor Bill Ritter appointed Bennet to the United States Senate in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31146958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146958" title="2011 Gyeongnam FC season">
2011 Gyeongnam FC season

The 2011 season was Gyeongnam FC's sixth season in the K-League in South Korea. Chunnam Dragons competed in K-League, League Cup and Korean FA Cup.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Statistics accurate as of match played 30 October 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31146969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146969" title="Tolmie Peak Fire Lookout">
Tolmie Peak Fire Lookout

The Tolmie Peak Fire Lookout is one of four fire lookout stations built in Mount Rainier National Park by the National Park Service between 1932 and 1934. The two-story structure houses a lookout station on the upper level and storage at ground level. The design was prepared under the supervision of Edwin A. Nickel of the NPS Branch of Plans and Designs. The newly completed structure lost its roof to a windstorm and had to be repaired. It is secured against strong winds by cables attached to deadmen. The wood frame structure is used as a visitor contact point on weekends. 
The Tolmie Peak Lookout was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31146985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146985" title="George Fergusson, Lord Hermand">
George Fergusson, Lord Hermand

George Fergusson, Lord Hermand (1743–1827) was a Scottish advocate and judge.
Early life and death.
Fergusson was the eighth son of Sir James Fergusson of Kilkerran, bart., by his wife Jean Maitland, only child of James, viscount Maitland, and granddaughter of John, fifth earl of Lauderdale. He was admitted a member of the Faculty of Advocates on 17 December 1765. He practiced at the bar for thirty-four years with considerable success. On the death of Robert Macqueen of Braxfield, Fergusson was made an ordinary lord of session, and took his seat on the bench as Lord Hermand on 11 July 1799. He was also appointed a lord justiciary on 4 August 1808, in the place of Sir William Nairne of Dunsinnam. He resigned both these offices in 1826, and died at Hermand, in the parish of West Calder, on 9 August 1827, upwards of eighty years of age.
Fergusson was eccentric and a heavy drinker. An etching of Hermand by Kay is in the first volume of ‘Original Portraits’ (No. 156). His portrait also appears along with those of the other judges in the ‘Last Sitting of the Old Court of Session, 11 July 1808’ (vol. ii. No. 300).
Personal life.
Fergusson married Graham, daughter of William McDowall of Garthland, who survived him several years. There were no children of the marriage. 

</doc>
<doc id="31146996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31146996" title="Food Matters">
Food Matters

Food Matters is a 2008 documentary film about nutrition. The film presents the thesis that a selective diet can play a key role in treating a range of health conditions such as diabetes, cancer, heart disease and depression, often substituting for medical treatment. Furthermore, it tends to label the medical industry as a "sickness industry", which profits more from treating the symptoms of illness than curing the illness. The film accuses the medical and pharmaceutical industries of a general conspiracy to perpetuate poor health in order to maximize profits.

</doc>
<doc id="31147003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147003" title="Radical 205">
Radical 205

Radical 205 meaning "frog" or "amphibian" is 1 of 4 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 13 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 40 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31147018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147018" title="Karujaht Pärnumaal">
Karujaht Pärnumaal

Karujaht Pärnumaal (Estonian; ) is the first Estonian narrative film 1914, directed by Johannes Pääsuke.
<br clear="left">

</doc>
<doc id="31147040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147040" title="Samuel Ferguson (disambiguation)">
Samuel Ferguson (disambiguation)

Samuel Ferguson was an artist and antiquary.
Samuel Ferguson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31147058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147058" title="Ice sledge racing">
Ice sledge racing

Ice sledge racing is a Paralympic sport where contestants use a lightweight sledge and propel themselves using two poles. It is contested using a speed skating rink with a circumference. It was an Paralympic sport between 1980-1988 and 1994-1998. The sport is contested in 100 metre, 500 metre, 700 metre, 1,000 metre, and 1,500 metre distances.

</doc>
<doc id="31147059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147059" title="Vatrogasci">
Vatrogasci

Vatrogasci (English: "Firefighters") is a Croatian parody rock band formed in 1991 by Tihomir Borošak (Tiho) and Dean Parmak. The Band is known in particular for humorous songs and their often parody specific songs of contemporary musical acts.
Their first song was "Vatrogasac Mirko" ("Fireman Mirko") recorded during one hour break while they were waiting for next client. After the recording session they needed a singer so they found Vladimir Pavelić (Bubi). Dean Parmak was first to leave the band, and after four albums recorded Pavelić left too. After Vladimir Pavelić, next singer was Mladen Martinović (Dugi) who would be their singer for next 10 years, after him for their new album new singer is Goran Borošak (Gugi).
Their last album was "Homo Erectus".
Famous parodies.
They parodied many Croatian bands and singers, and also many foreign bands.
In 1992, the group made a parody of Boney M song "Rivers of Babylon", translating it in Croatian language (naming it "Joj što volim") and making it in turbofolk arrangement. Group also covered 2 Unlimited's eurodance hit "No Limit", naming it "Nema ograničenja". Song "Paloma Blanca" was also covered in 1993 by the group (naming it "Pekara").
In 1993, they made a parody of ABBA's song "Chiquitita", translating it into Croatian (renaming it "Čičikita"). In 1994, the group featuring Croatian comedian Željko Pervan made a parody of Boney M "Rasputin" song, translating it in Croatian language (naming "Raspiči, opiči"). They also made a parody of song "Those Were the Days" translating it into Croatian (naming it "Ajnc, cvaj draj").
In 1998, the group made a cover of "We Don't Need Another Hero (Thunderdome)" song in Gypsy life thematic, translating it into the Croatian language and naming it "Daj još jednu", giving it a tamburica/folk music arrangement. They also covered famous songs like:

</doc>
<doc id="31147062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147062" title="Island council (Netherlands)">
Island council (Netherlands)

The island council () is a form of local government in special municipalities in the Caribbean Netherlands. It is similar to municipal council in the European part of the Netherlands. Currently three island councils exist in
The island councils were already in existence as island councils of the Netherlands Antilles until their dissolution and became island councils of the Netherlands after that. Elections of the island council coincide with the elections for the states provincial of the Netherlands as the chosen representatives are expected to obtain the right to elect the Senate together with the representatives of the states provincial.

</doc>
<doc id="31147063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147063" title="Abbey, Bath">
Abbey, Bath

Abbey is the electoral ward covering the centre of Bath, England.
Abbey is rarely used as the name of an area of Bath, and is primarily used just for electoral purposes within the Bath and North East Somerset unitary authority, electing two councillors.
"St John's Catholic Primary School" is located on the eastern edge of the ward.
The electoral wards surrounding the ward are: Lansdown and Walcot to the north, Bathwick to the east, Widcombe to the south, and Kingsmead to the west.
Notable places.
Some notable places within the ward are:

</doc>
<doc id="31147064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147064" title="Nelson Dragonfly">
Nelson Dragonfly

The Bowlus/Nelson BB-1 Dragonfly is an American, two seat, strut-braced, high-wing motor glider that was developed from the Bowlus BA-100 Baby Albatross glider by Hawley Bowlus.
Design and development.
The development of the Dragonfly was sponsored by the Nelson Engine Company to promote the use of their H-44 four cylinder two-stroke engine. The engine was mounted in the rear of the fuselage pod, in pusher configuration, with the wooden two bladed propeller below the metal tail boom. The fuel tank holds , enough for self-launching, but not for cross-country powered flight.
The Dragonfly shares the Baby Albatross's molded plywood fuselage pod, aluminium tube tail boom and strut-braced double spar wooden wing, covered in aircraft fabric aft of the spar. The leading edge is a plywood D-cell. The aircraft features dual controls and a retractable tricycle landing gear with a steerable nose wheel. The engine is started by a ratchet-wire recoil start system that allows restarts in flight, as well as on the ground.
Federal Aviation Administration certification of the type was achieved on 21 April 1947, with Nelson Aircraft Corporation as the certificate holder and the type officially known as "Nelson Auxiliary Power Glider BB-1". The type certificate indicates that neither the engine nor the propeller need be certified. The type certificate specifies that the Nelson H-49 engine of may also be installed.
The Dragonfly was later replaced in production by the improved Nelson Hummingbird PG-185B.
Operational history.
In operational use the Nelson powerplant proved heavy and lacking in power and, as the "Sailplane Directory" terms it, "the result was an under-powered sailplane". The engine gave the Dragonfly a sea level climb rate of just 235 fpm (1.19 m/s) and a take-off run of . As a result of the performance deficiencies only seven were produced.
In March 2011 there were still four BB-1s registered in the USA, two of which had been transferred to the National Soaring Museum.

</doc>
