<doc id="31076518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076518" title="Social enterprise association">
Social enterprise association

Introduction.
The "Social Enterprise Association", also known as "SE Association", is a platform to bring together social entrepreneurs, social enterprises, academic institutions, and businesses in Singapore. The goal of the SE Association is to strengthen the culture of social entrepreneurship and social enterprises so as to bring about positive social impact within Singapore.
This is done through:
History.
In August 2006, a Social Enterprise Committee chaired by Mr Philip Yeo was formed to explore growth opportunities within the local social enterprise sector. The 26 recommendations provided by the Committee included setting up a Social Enterprise Association and a Social Enterprise Development Centre to cultivate a thriving culture of social entrepreneurship and related enterprises. The Social Enterprise Implementation Committee chaired by Gerard Ee then carried out the relevant operational procedures to materialize the recommendations listed previously. In June 2009, the Association was officially registered as a Company Limited by Guarantee. Currently, SE Association is co-chaired by Mr Seah Kian Peng, CEO (Singapore) of NTUC Fairprice Co-operative Ltd, and Ms Penny Low, President and Founder of Social Innovation Park Ltd. The other two board members are Mr Alfie Othman, Director of Ikhlas Holdings Pte Ltd, and Dr Gillian Koh, Senior Research Fellow of the Institute of Policy Studies at Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy in the National University of Singapore.
Social Enterprise Community and Membership.
The SE Association’s primary objective is to bring about positive social impact and an inclusive community among Singaporeans. It aims, first and foremost, to address the needs and interests of its target community – social enterprises, social entrepreneurs and would-be social innovators (see social innovation) – and then further engage other potential partners from the private sector and government to work on synergistic partnerships to promote the strength of its members and the sector as a whole. 
SE Association's members are social enterprises, individuals, students, voluntary welfare organisations / non-profit organisations, and corporate. Seminars, talks, focus groups, consultations and networking sessions have been organized by the Association to provide learning opportunities for both members and the public.
Social Enterprise Development Centre (SEDC).
The SEDC belongs to the training and consultancy arm of SE Association. The SEDC was launched in October 2010 to build up the institutional capacity of social enterprises by working alongside social entrepreneurs to nurture and develop their social enterprises from infancy to maturity, and thereafter integrate them with the mainstream business communities.
SEDC offers two main advisory services: SE Start-up Advisory, and SE Business Advisory which includes advice and coaching. Advisory services offered without implementation plans is free- of- charge, but a fee is charged if SEDC is required to facilitate the development and execution of plans or where third party expertise is required. In addition, SEDC offers training and capability-building programmes for social enterprises.

</doc>
<doc id="31076520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076520" title="Warriors' Day">
Warriors' Day

Warriors' Day (； ) is a day in Malaysia that commemorates the servicemen killed during the two World Wars and the Malayan Emergency. By extension, it honours all individuals who lost their lives in the line of duty throughout Malaysia's history. Every year on July 31, the King and the Prime Minister as well as senior representatives of the Royal Malaysian Police and the Armed Forces gather at the National Monument in Lake Gardens to lay wreaths and pay homage to Malaysia's fallen heroes.

</doc>
<doc id="31076538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076538" title="Alberto Taquini">
Alberto Taquini

Alberto Carlos Taquini (born January 21, 1935) is an Argentine biochemist and academic whose "Taquini Plan" resulted in the decentralization of Argentina's public university system.
Life and work.
Taquini was born in Buenos Aires to Haydée Azumendi and Alberto Carlos Taquini, a renowned cardiologist. He married María Martha Bosch, and the couple had one daughter.
He enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires and earned an MD, and began his career as a teaching assistant for Dr. Bernardo Houssay, winner of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1946. He taught at his alma mater as a full-time professor of Human Physiology, and worked alongside his father at the latter's Institute of Cardiology Research from 1954 to 1966. He was a research fellow at the University of Michigan in 1959, at the University of Ghent in 1960, and at the Argentine National Research Council (CONICET) from 1961, and was named Dean of the School of Pharmacy and Biochemistry. The elder Taquini served as Director of CONICET and as the first Secretary of State for Science and Technology of Argentina from 1968 to 1971. Taquini was appointed Chief of Staff during his father's tenure, and drafted a project to modernize and decentralize the nation's national university system, as well as to make new universities smaller and their curricula more appropriate to each province's economic needs.
Proposed at the Samay Huasi mountain retreat during a November 1968 academic colloquium, the plan was drafted by Taquini, Dr. Sadi Rife, Dr. Enrique Urgoiti, and Marcelo Zapiola, and formally presented in May 1970. The proposed reforms were supported not only by those in academia, but also by the Argentine military and State Intelligence, who felt that the 10 existing national universities (who among them taught 85% of the nation's 238,000 university students) had become too concentrated and were thus becoming conducive to student upheaval, including riots. The "Plan for the Creation of New Universities" was thus signed into law by President Roberto Levingston (a former Intelligence Director) on November 9, 1970. The number of national universities expanded from 10 to 23 by 1973 (and to 47 by 2010), and though enrollment became less concentrated, the combined total at the universities of Buenos Aires, Córdoba, La Plata, or Rosario (traditionally the largest) rose from 150,000 in 1968 to 620,000 in 2006.
Taquini recounted the experience in "Nuevas universidades para un nuevo país" ("New Universitied for a New Nation"), published in 1972, and edited "Ciencia e Investigación". He continued to teach at his alma mater as Dean of the School of Pharmacy and Physiology, and contributed an over 60 articles on hypertension research in peer-reviewed journals. He served in the UNESCO Commission of Experts on Science and Technology in 1981, and was later appointed President of the Province of Buenos Aires Scientific Research Commission. A complementary proposal to his 1970 reforms was proposed by Taquini in 1989. Calling for the creation of a system of national community colleges associated with each one's nearest national university, this new plan was included as Article 22 of the Higher Education Law signed by President Carlos Menem in 1994.
Taquini received an honorary doctorate at the University of Córdoba in 2005. Remaining active in educational policy debates, he proposed implementing a form of the Bologna process in the Argentine university system to standardize parameters for students, as well as to make their transfer from one school to the next less difficult. He also welcomed the prospect of the wider use of the iPad in the classroom.

</doc>
<doc id="31076552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076552" title="Persikoba Batu City">
Persikoba Batu City

Persikoba stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Kota Batu (en: "Football Association of Batu City"). Persikoba Batu City is an Indonesian football club based in Batu, East Java. Club played at Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31076558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076558" title="List of Saint Seiya anime-only characters">
List of Saint Seiya anime-only characters

This article comprises a list of characters that do not exist in Masami Kurumada's Saint Seiya manga and are found only in its anime adaptation, therefore they remain out of the canon of the fictional universe. "Saint Seiya" author Kurumada was not involved in their creation process, design or conceptualization and although these characters had a participation in the storyline to some extent, they have now been retconned from the continuity of the anime adaptation to keep it closer to Kurumada's manga. They range from support secondary characters to various ally or antagonistic factions.
Anime-only Saints.
The previous Pope.
The , the legitimate and benevolent Pope, who awarded Seiya the Pegasus Cloth. He was killed by Gemini Saga to usurp his authority, who hid his corpse in Star Hill, where it remained for over 10 years. Said to be the younger brother of the Pope before him, Aries Shion. Although the events he takes part in are taken directly from Kurumada's manga, this character can't be reconciled with an equivalent in it due to plentiful conflicting storyline aspects, as in Kurumada's work, the Pope killed by Saga was Aries Shion, and the Pope Seiya knew was Saga himself. As with all the anime-only characters, he was retconned from the anime continuity with the adaptation of the Hades arc from Kurumada's manga.
Odin's Asgardians.
The Asgardian characters appear in the anime adaptation only.
Odin's God Warriors.
Odin has a cadre of servants known as . They wear armors known as themed after mythological creatures from Norse mythology and named after the stars of Ursa Major.

</doc>
<doc id="31076566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076566" title="Soteska, Dolenjske Toplice">
Soteska, Dolenjske Toplice

Soteska (; ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Soteska includes the hamlet of Ključ southeast of the main settlement.
Church.
The local parish church is dedicated to Saint Erasmus and belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Novo Mesto. It is a medieval building that was restyled in the Baroque in the 17th century. The nave is barrel vaulted with an archivolt and spandrels. The chancel was reworked in the 19th century and has a semicircular coffered vault painted with figures by Franz Kurz von Goldenstein. The main altar is from the 19th century. The north side altar dates from the second half of the 18th century and features a painting by Janez Valentin Metzinger (1699–1759). The south chapel contains an 18th-century altar.
Castles.
Soteska Castle () is now a ruin. It stood on the banks of the Krka River and was built by Count Georg Sigmund von Gallenberg in 1664 and 1689. It had a rectangular layout with an interior courtyard bordered by four two-story arcades, and four rectangular towers at the corners. The entry tower bore the crest of the Gallenberg and Schrottenbach families and the year 1675. The interior was richly painted, with some works attributed to the 17th-century Dutch painter Almanach. Soteska Castle was characterized by Johann Weikhard von Valvasor as one of the most beautiful castles in Carniola. The castle was sold to the Auerspergs in 1733, and then to the Counts of Lichtenberg in 1743. The Auerspergs reacquired the castle in 1793 and owned it until the Second World War. The Partisans looted and burned the castle on 23 October 1943, and after the war many of the building stones were carried off. The gardens in the castle grounds survive, with a pavilion now referred to as the "Devil's tower" (). The tower contains paintings by the 17th-century Dutch painter Almanach.
The ruins of an older castle, known as Old Soteska Castle (, ), stand on a nearby hill. It was initially owned by the Lords of Soteska, and then by the Istrian branch of the Counts of Gorizia from 1335 to 1374. A nobleman was killed at the castle in the peasant uprising of 1573. The Lords of Scheyer, lieges of the Habsburgs, held the castle after this; they were enthusiastic Protestants during the Reformation, and one of them even supervised the Protestant schools and received a red leather-bound copy of the Dalmatin Bible in 1584. The castle was strongly fortified during the Ottoman wars in Europe and was the seat of a provincial court. The Scheyer family died out in 1650 and was succeeded by the Gallenbergs. Count Georg Sigmund von Gallenberg had the old castle razed when the new castle was built.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Soteska include:

</doc>
<doc id="31076592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076592" title="A Little Time for Me">
A Little Time for Me

A Little Time for Me is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Shirley Myers. It was released by Sextant Records in September 2003. The title track and "No Worries" were released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="31076595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076595" title="American History Book Prize">
American History Book Prize

The New-York Historical Society American History Book Prize or simply the American History Book Prize is an American literary award given annually by the New-York Historical Society for an adult non-fiction book on American history or biography copyrighted in the year of the award "that is distinguished by its scholarship, its literary style and its appeal to a general as well as an academic audience." The winner receives an engraved medal, $50,000 cash and the title of American Historian Laureate. The inaugural award was presented in 2006 for books published in 2005.
Winners.
Date is year when books were published; the following year is when the award was given. Thus the inaugural award was given in 2006 for "Team of Rivals" published in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31076598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076598" title="Kanagal">
Kanagal

Kanagal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31076612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076612" title="Martin Quigley, Jr.">
Martin Quigley, Jr.

Martin Quigley Jr. (November 24, 1917 – February 5, 2011) was the son of Martin Quigley (1890–1964), founder motion picture trade periodicals including the "Motion Picture Herald". The younger Quigley was active in the editing and publication of those periodicals from young adulthood. The elder Quigley was an active proponent and co-author of the Motion Picture Production Code, which governed the content of Hollywood movies from the 1930s to the 1960s. 
Quigley Jr. attempted to maintain the influence of the Code, especially in the 1960s as it faded into irrelevance as moral standards changed.
Espionage activity.
During World War II, Quigley Jr. used his publishing position as a cover to gather intelligence in Ireland (where many influential people favored the Axis) and in Italy on behalf of the United States’ Office of Strategic Services (OSS).
Political activity.
He was twice elected mayor of Larchmont, New York.
Authorship.
Books written or co-written by Martin Quigley Jr. include the following:
Religion.
He was a devout Catholic, and was active in Church activities.

</doc>
<doc id="31076613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076613" title="Death of the Poet">
Death of the Poet

"Death of the Poet" () is an 1837 poem by Mikhail Lermontov, written in reaction to the death of Alexander Pushkin.
Pushkin was mortally wounded in a duel on January 27, 1837, and died on the 29th. Lermontov began his first formulation of the poem (ending with the phrase "...his lips forever sealed") as soon as he heard of the event, and within a short time copies of the poem began to be circulated in St. Petersburg.
Within days the doctor Nikolai Arendt visited Lermontov (who was ill) and told him the details of the death of Pushkin, whom Arendt had tried to save. Arendt's story likely influenced Lermontov's development of the poem.
Pyotr Vyazemsky described the reaction of Arendt to the death of Pushkin:
On February 7, Lermontov added an acerbic final sixteen lines (beginning "And you, the arrogant descendants of infamous scoundrels...") to the poem. These lines called for divine justice upon the heads of the "greedy horde" of the court aristocracy, whom Lermontov condemned as executioners of freedom and the true culprits of the tragedy. Hand-written copies of this version of the poem circulated among the Petersburg intelligentsia and came to the attention of the authorities. Those final sixteen lines were regarded by the authorities as seditious free thinking, and Lermontov was arrested. After a brief investigation he was, on the orders of the Emperor Nicholas I, exiled to a regiment in the Caucasus on February 25.
The poem was only published long after Lermontov's death. The first publication (a German translation under the title "Lermontov's lament at the grave of Alexander Pushkin") was in 1852 in Friedrich von Bodenstedt's "Mikhail Lermontoff's Poetic Legacy". The first published English translation (under the title "On the death of Pushkin") was in 1856, in Alexander Herzen's London periodical "Polar Star".

</doc>
<doc id="31076619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076619" title="Kanagal, Nalgonda">
Kanagal, Nalgonda

Kanagal is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Kanagal mandal include: 

</doc>
<doc id="31076624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076624" title="Stare Žage">
Stare Žage

Stare Žage (; formerly also "Stara žaga"; , Gottscheerish: "Autshug" or "Aotschock") is a settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
The Slovene name "Stare Žage" is semantically identical to the standard German name "Altsag". They both mean 'old sawmill(s)' and are derived from German "Säge" 'sawmill', referring to the many sawmills formerly in the village.
History.
Stare Žage was a Gottschee German village. In the land register of 1574 it consisted of one full farm divided into two half-farms, with a population between 5 and 10. Before the Second World War, the village had seventeen houses and a population of 98. There were 17 water-powered sawmills in the village and nine mills in the village. After the war only one sawmill and one mill remained, both non-functional. There was also a restaurant in Stare Žage before the Second World War, run by the Petschauer (Pečaver) family and known as the "Gasthaus Felsenkeller" (literally, 'rock cellar inn') or "Pri bikabirtu". Most of the population was evicted in the fall of 1941. Italian forces burned most of the houses and other buildings in the village during the Rog Offensive in 1942. From 1943 to 1945 Partisan workshops operated in some of the houses, and there were also warehouses for medical supplies and a small electrical power plant. After the war much of the village's architectural heritage was deliberately destroyed and planted over with spruce trees. Only one Gottschee German farmer remained in the village, and the other residents were laborers that had settled there after the war and were employed in nearby towns.
Church.
The local church is now a ruin. It was dedicated to Saint Michael and was built in the early 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31076631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076631" title="Keto and Kote">
Keto and Kote

Keto and Kote (Georgian: ქეთო და კოტე, "Keto da kote") is a comic opera in three acts, by the Georgian composer Victor Dolidze who also wrote the libretto based on Avksenty Tsagareli's 19th century romantic comedy "Khanuma". Considered the first Georgian comic opera, "Keto and Kote" premiered in Tbilisi on December 11, 1919. An immediate success at its premiere, Dolidze's opera remains a popular classic in Georgia and was made into a film in 1947 with additional music composed by Archil Kereselidze on traditional Georgian folk tunes. 
A review in "Opera" of its 2003 performance by the Tbilisi Opera and Ballet Theatre at the Rishon LeZion Spring Festival described it as "very much like a zarzuela in style with elements of "commedia dell'arte"". The story revolves around the young lovers Keto, the daughter of a wealthy merchant, and Kote, nephew of the impoverished Prince Levan Palavandishvili. In order to marry, the couple must overcome several obstacles, including the machinations of two rival matchmakers, one of whom is determined to arrange a marriage between Kote's uncle Levan and Keto.

</doc>
<doc id="31076640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076640" title="Nature's Variety">
Nature's Variety

Nature’s Variety is a privately held company with manufacturing facilities in Lincoln, Nebraska and headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri specializing in natural, grain-free and holistic pet food for dogs and cats. Nature’s Variety specializes in so-called "holistic pet food" ranging from dry kibble, to canned, to raw and grain-free products. Nature's Variety is an independent company backed by the investment firm Catterton Partners.
Brands.
Nature's Variety owns and manages the Instinct, Prairie and Sweet Spots brands.
Instinct is a full line of grain-free and gluten-free foods for dogs and cats available in a variety of forms and flavors.
Prairie is a line of canned and kibble dog and cat food that utilizes meat as the first ingredient, whole grains and fruits and vegetables.
Food Safety.
Nature's Variety utilizes a food safety protocol called High Pressure Processing (HPP) or Pascalization in its raw diets. HPP is a process that kills pathogenic bacteria through high-pressure, water-based technology.

</doc>
<doc id="31076642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076642" title="Prenatal memory">
Prenatal memory

Prenatal memory, also called fetal memory, is important for the development of memory in humans. Many factors can impair fetal memory and its functions, primarily maternal actions. There are multiple techniques available not only to demonstrate the existence of fetal memory but to measure it. Fetal memory is vulnerable to certain diseases so much so that exposure can permanently damage the development of the fetus and even terminate the pregnancy by aborting the fetus. Maternal nutrition and the avoidance of drugs, alcohol and other substances during all nine months of pregnancy (especially the critical period when the nervous system is developing) is important to the development of the fetus and its memory systems. As shown here, certain uses of these substances can entail long-term permanent effects on the fetus that can carry into his or her lifespan. Fetal memory is thus critical to survival of the infant and serves many purposes.
Background Information and Functions.
There is substantial evidence that fetal memory exists within the first and second trimester after conception when the egg is fertilized. Evidence of this has been found as early as 30 weeks after conception. Fetal memory is important for parental recognition, and facilitates the bond between child and parents. One of the most important types of memory is that which stores information contributing to the maternal bond between infant and mother. This form of memory is important for a type of development known as attachment. Fetal memory is thus critical to the survival of the fetus both prenatally (in the womb) and after birth as an infant.
Development.
The Central Nervous System (CNS) and memory in the fetus develop from the ectoderm following fertilization via a process called neurulation. The ectoderm is the outermost layer of the embryo. This happens towards the end of the third week of gestation (time period when the embryo is carried in the women's uterus) and ends with the start of the development of the neural tube, an important structure crucial to development of the central nervous system. Some evidence suggests memory is actually responsible for carrying out the development of the CNS during neurulation. However, much more research needs to be done on this. Fetal memory and brain development can be impaired by a number of maternal implications. Rubella, intrauterine hypoxia and hypothyroidism are some of the more researched examples. Alcohol and other substances such as hard drugs can affect this process as well.
Functions.
Once neurulation is complete and has given rise to the nervous system, fetal memory becomes responsible for a variety of tasks. One of its main functions at this point is to control breathing in the fetus. Also noted, was its ability to control eye movement and coordination during all nine months of development. There is evidence that these are practiced in the womb and carried out similarly after birth. Learning language as an infant also requires fetal memory. It is now known that the mother's voice is clearly heard from inside the womb and that the fetus can differentiate speech sounds, particularly the phonemes (a single segment of sound) in speech. This is evident in the baby when born, showing many signs of early language comprehension. It has also been shown that infants prefer their mother’s native language after being exposed to it in the womb. Evidence also exists that the infant, when born, prefers its mother's smell from having memorized her scent as a fetus. Memory is critical for the recognition process that takes place between the mother and infant through breastfeeding. Breast milk contains contents recognizable by the infant that they were exposed to through amniotic fluid (fluid that encompasses the fetus and is responsible for its nutrition in the womb) in the fetal stage. Since the baby is so dependent upon the mother, maternal nutrition also plays a large role in the infant developing healthy brain functioning; including memory function, which the infant cannot live without. Thus, fetal memory is critical to the survival and healthy development of the infant before and after birth. Many of these functions are measured through methods such as classical conditioning, habituation and exposure learning, being the most popular.
Measurement techniques.
There are considered to be three paradigms used to investigate fetal learning and memory. They are: classical conditioning, habituation and exposure learning.
Classical Conditioning.
Classical conditioning is described as the pairing of a conditioned stimulus (CS) (such as a vibration) with an unconditioned stimulus (US) (such as a loud noise) to evoke a conditioned response (CR) (agitation). In this pairing, the vibration will be presented immediately followed by a loud noise. Initially, the presentation of the loud noise (US) would cause the unconditioned response (UR) (natural agitation) without prior classical conditioning. However, the continuous pairing of the loud noise (US) with the vibration (CS) converts the unconditioned response (UR) into a (CR) as the fetus learns that the presentation of a vibration will be followed by a loud noise. Eventually, the fetus will respond to the vibration (CS) without being exposed to the loud noise (US); this is when conditioning has occurred. Conditioning has been demonstrated in as few as 12-15 pairings of the vibration (CS) with the loud noise (US) in fetuses as early as 32 weeks of gestation.
Another study replicated these findings.
Fetuses between 32 and 39 weeks gestation were presented a pure tone (CS), which was paired with a vibroacoustic stimulus (US). A vibroacoustic stimulus is a low bass sound frequency that is felt by the fetus as a mechanical vibration. After 10-20 pairings, approximately 50% of the fetuses showed successful conditioning, unrelated to age or sex of the fetus. It is suggested that poorly prepared experimental set up, inaccurate or inappropriate response measures and unsuitable stimuli could all contribute to failed conditioning, as opposed to lack of fetal memory. Reasons for some fetuses demonstrating conditioning, while others do not, remains undetermined.
Habituation.
Results from another recent study suggest that fetuses were able to form both short and long term memories. This conclusion was drawn from the fact that habituation rates (number of stimuli needed to habituate) were higher in babies in the neonatal stage that had not previously undergone fetal stimulations when compared to those who had: therefore demonstrating the memory of the stimulus in its fetal stage being carried into the neonatal stage.
Exposure Learning.
The final experimental technique used to investigate fetal learning and memory is exposure learning. This technique allows the experimenter a lot of control over the presentation of the stimulus and following testing. Exposure learning is the act of presenting the fetus with a stimulus, such as a television theme tune, repeatedly while in the womb and then testing recognition (learning) of that tune after birth. One experiment was conducted where fetuses were exposed to the television theme tune from the show “Neighbours” while in the womb. In the first condition of the experiment, newborns age 2–4 days that were exposed to the tune while in the womb were presented with the tune after birth. Upon hearing the tune, these newborns showed physiological changes, such as a decrease in heart rate. This observed change did not happen with unfamiliar tunes, or to newborns that were not exposed to the tune in the womb; so the tune had to be learned in the womb. Recognition of the tune was strong 2–4 days after birth, however, diminished after the age of 21 days without repeated exposure.
A second exposure learning experiment, using the television theme tune, was conducted to determine when learning and memory could first take place in utero. It was determined that by 30–37 weeks of gestation, fetuses previously exposed to the theme tune were more active when presented with the tune than those who had no previous experience with the tune. This demonstrates that stimulus recognition begins no earlier than 30 weeks of gestation.
Implications.
Overall, studies indicate that there is an ability for fetal learning and memory, and through classical conditioning, habituation and exposure learning that memory can be measured. It is important to note that certain periods in fetal development allow for different learning and memory abilities, which should be taken into consideration when determining if fetal memory exists. Auditory stimuli presented in the womb can be retained and recognized (learned) into the days following birth and that learning is specific to familiar auditory stimuli. Measuring learning and memory in the fetus has only been discussed in terms of healthy pregnancies; however, many factors such as disease affect these delicate processes.
Diseases and conditions affecting fetal memory.
Much research and literature has shown that endocrine, neurological and most other diseases a mother or father carries can have adverse effects on a fetus's development. The majority of the research done regarding fetal brain development, and consequently its memory after birth, has focused on one condition or state and two main diseases: intrauterine hypoxia, hypothyroidism and rubella.
Intrauterine hypoxia.
Intrauterine hypoxia is a condition or state caused by insufficient oxygen levels reaching a fetus during gestation, having detrimental effects on the development of its central nervous system (CNS). In many cases, intrauterine hypoxia results in the death of the fetus. Commonly known, the CNS is vital to the communication and response transmissions between the brain and all of the body parts within an organism. Due to dysfunction in this system such things as cognitive functioning and attention capacity are impeded, resulting in a poor ability to decode or encode information and form memories. It has also been discovered that lower levels of oxygen reaching the developing fetus may, in fact, decrease the amount of grey matter produced within its brain and increase the amount of sulcal (referring to a sulcus: a fissure within the surface of the brain) cerebrospinal fluid (CSF); importantly in the frontal lobe and temporal lobe, which are critical memory centers. The later point regarding sulcal CSF has been linked to schizophrenia (a mental disorder affecting thought processes). Grey matter is a large component of the CNS and is related to: muscle control, sensory perceptions, memory, emotions and speech; please follow this link for more information regarding the different brain structures and their effects on human function.
Hypothyroidism.
Hypothyroidism is a disease that may have severe, adverse effects on the brain development in a fetus. These problems are often caused by a "passing-down" from the mother or from an external neurotoxin causing impaired cognitive ability and, in extreme cases, mental retardation.
Hypothyroidism is usually caused by an iodine deficiency that results in the under production of thyroid hormones or an underdeveloped thyroid gland with similar effects. Thyroid hormone release is regulated by a stimulating hormone called thyrotropin (TSH) in a normal functioning person. In abnormal cases when there are lowered levels of thyroid hormone, TSH levels increase to compensate, thus doctors and medical researchers can measure TSH levels to predict hypothyroidism. If interested, a good explanation of this process and the consequences of abnormal levels of TSH can be found under this link. Reduced levels of thyroid hormones have many physical and cognitive implications for a fetus once fully developed. Because of ethical reasons, most research has been carried out on rats and other mammals. However, in the hypothyroid rat brain, numerous malformations were found: reduced myelin of neurons in the CNS, deficiency of neurons in the cerebral cortex, the visual cortex and auditory cortex, hippocampus and cerebellum, which relate to general learning and motor skill acquisition.
Rubella.
Rubella, synonymous with German measles, is a disease caused by a virus with the same name and is highly contagious. It is often combated using preventative measures, typically through vaccination. For children and adults it can be overcome quite easily once vaccinated, however, if the fetus is exposed to the virus, especially during the first trimester (the first three months of pregnancy), major implications can occur. Rubella, in a pregnant woman, can lead to autism or autistic-like symptoms and congenital rubella syndrome for her offspring after birth. It is essential to keep in mind that this is not conclusive and still remains a theory. Congenital rubella syndrome has many adverse effects such as: mental retardation, meningitis and encephalitis. The latter two ailments also affect cognition and learning capacities.
Implications and future possibilities.
As a result of ethical consideration, most research into diseases and conditions affecting fetal development has been restricted to the use of other animals aside from human beings. Most accounts on the implications caused by diseases or conditions like rubella, hypothyroidism and intrauterine hypoxia involving humans have come from studies done on patients later in life, or more appropriately, after birth. Although there is much evidence that points towards these prenatal diseases or conditions being precursors for improper brain development, and thus potential consequences for memory, it is hard to assume that these alone are the only cause. If one could test for, and track the onset of the disease during gestation while screening potential extraneous variables, one may be able to better understand this topic. It is important to remember that this is a newer, less explored, aspect of memory research. If anything can be taken from this, it should be that most of these diseases or conditions resulting in poor fetal brain development can be prevented or mitigated if one exercises healthy living behaviour. A large part of this involves proper nutrition and dieting.
Fetal Nutrition and Memory.
Fetal nutrition has implications for both the short term and long term development of the brain. Due to ethical reasons, studies, which may result in diminished physical functioning or short/long-term damage, are generally done on animals before being deemed safe for human trials.
There are two points in rodent brain development during which treatment with choline, a neurotransmitter, produces lifelong enhancement of spatial memory. The first point is at 12–17 days into embryo development, and the second is between 16–30 days after the rat has been born. Baby rats, from mothers fed a diet lacking in choline during these two periods of pregnancy, have poorer memory function than baby rats from mothers who received choline. Choline, when given during these critical periods, causes a major improvement in memory performance when rats are being trained in a maze. Even in older rats, these memory changes persist and can be used to easily identify which rats came from mothers that received enough choline. Supplementation with choline appears to reduce the speed at which memory declines with age. Choline before pregnancy is also related to changes in the birth, death, and migration of cells in the hippocampus during the development of the baby rats in the womb. Choline is also associated with the different location and shape of neurons involved in memory storage within the brain.
In another study using rats, it was found that the size of the hippocampus (the central region in memory functioning) was affected by protein malnutrition. More specifically, only the CA1 region of the hippocampus seemed to demonstrate a significant reduction in size. The CA1 subsection of the hippocampus was 20% smaller in offspring from mothers who were fed a protein deficient diet while pregnant. Because the region of the hippocampus affected by protein malnutrition is so specific, global hippocampal function is not impaired, but rather just the function that would appear to be associated with the CA1. Rats with the CA1 volume deficit were found to perform poorly in a tasks requiring behavioural inhibition and accurate response timing.
As both of these studies have only been done on rats, it is still unknown for certain whether the same effects of choline would be seen in humans. Further research in this area is needed.
Longitudinal Memory Effects of Prenatal Drug Exposure.
Similarly to nutritional intake, drugs consumed by the mother during pregnancy can have an impact on the brain development of her fetus. There has been a great deal of research concerned with the damaging effects of prenatal drug use, and how exactly this use impairs future memory functioning of the child. Research has focused on a variety of recreational drugs, primarily alcohol, cocaine, heroin, and methamphetamine.
Pregnancy Category.
Most drugs are rated by the Food and Drug Administration to a pregnancy category, which is a government assessment of the risks to the fetus that drug use by the mother incurs. The pregnancy category levels (from least to most dangerous) are A, B, C, D and X and are described as follows:
Alcohol.
Alcohol is the most widely used of these drugs, and for that reason, the majority research on prenatal drug use has been focused on it. Research shows that prenatal exposure to alcohol can have many negative consequences, and is significantly associated with memory problems, attention problems and decreased cognitive functioning (mental processes involved in memory, perception, thinking etc.) for the offspring later in life. Also, it can lead to the development of alcohol-related problems in later years, such as alcohol dependence.
One study compared data about maternal drinking during pregnancy (alcohol consumption by the pregnant mother), to observations gathered about the offspring many years after birth. The mother’s alcoholic drinking levels during mid pregnancy were measured via self-report measures (a questionnaire). In this longitudinal study (a study which measures participant changes over time through repeated measures), the offspring also reported their drinking habits at 21 years of age, and completed the Alcohol Dependence Scale (a self-report questionnaire). The results suggested that there is a significant correlation between prenatal alcohol exposure and the presence of dangerous alcohol problems at age 21. Episodic drinking (multiple drinks during drinking occasions) by the mother significantly increased subsequent Alcohol Dependence scores for their children.
One of the items on the Alcohol Dependence scale most positively related to their prenatal alcohol exposure includes “blacking out”. Blackouts are alcohol-related amnesia, occurring when long term memory creation is impaired during a drinking episode, resulting in an inability to remember. The frequency of blackouts in young adults while drinking is strongly related to prenatal alcohol exposure; those exposed to alcohol as a fetus are more vulnerable to experiencing blackouts as an adult.Prenatal alcohol exposure can also lead to decreased problem solving skills and/or attention deficits. Attention deficits result in an inability to maintain focus on one task for a length of time, and being prone to distraction.
Another study examined the relationship between prenatal alcohol exposure and executive functioning performance through a number of tests. Executive functions are a group of processes that serve to regulate more basic brain functions such as memory, motor skills and attention. Patients who had been exposed prenatally to alcohol show decreased ability to hold and manipulate information in working memory, (the memory system that is used to keep things in mind during complex tasks). Those with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS) and Fetal Alcohol Effects (FAE), (defects caused by a mother's alcohol consumption during pregnancy), have poor problem solving skills compared to control participants (participants that do not have either FAS or FAE). The memory tests used to assess the participants in this study included the following:
Prenatal alcohol exposure directly affects the ability to switch tasks, maintain attention as well as keep and manipulate information in working memory despite distraction.
Therefore, in almost all cases in this study, the patients with FAS or FAE had inferior performance on the tests when compared to the control group. Patterns show that longitudinal memory effects of prenatal alcohol exposure manifest themselves both directly and also indirectly through lower IQ.
Cocaine.
Prenatal exposure to cocaine has also been linked to decreased cognitive functioning in school aged children, including lower scores in short-term memory assessments. Short-term memory is the memory system responsible for holding information in an easily accessible state for a short period of time. One particular study examined the effects of prenatal cocaine exposure, among other factors, on cognitive ability in children. In this specific assessment, the Stanford-Binet IV Test, an IQ test, was given to children who were exposed to cocaine in utero (before birth) as well as a control group of children (not exposed to cocaine in utero). Overall, those children who were exposed to cocaine during pregnancy had lower scores on the Short Term Memory scale than unexposed children at all age levels, especially boys. Cocaine exposure also predicted lower IQ scores in general. Exposing prenatal offspring to cocaine can cause irreversible damage and increase developmental risks, especially for boys.
A review of 42 follow up studies of prenatal drug exposed children suggests that cocaine affects the areas concerned with behavior problems, attention, language and cognition for children tested between 4 and 13 years of age. Specifically, short-term memory, visual spatial short-term memory (short-term memory for visual information specifically) and working memory were negatively affected in a number of studies.
Heroin.
Prenatal exposure research is less abundant for opiates, such as heroin. Despite this, heroin is given a pregnancy risk level of X, the highest rating.
One study suggested that children exposed to prenatal heroin performed worse in memory subscales of the McCarthy Scales. In other words, youth who had been prenatally exposed to heroin performed worse on general cognitive tasks, including those associated with memory.
Methamphetamine.
Methamphetamine, commonly known as meth, is another stimulant that has been demonstrated to have negative affects on the offspring of a pregnant woman, and is considered a level C pregnancy category drug. One study attempted to determine the neurotoxic effects (harm to nerve cells) of prenatal methamphetamine exposure on brain development, as well as on cognitive functioning. Children exposed to meth in utero scored lower on key measures of memory performance, including attention, verbal memory and long term spatial memory.
The reduced size of brain structures associated with memory and attention was also noted through magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), a process used to produce images of the brain for observation. For example, those with prenantal meth exposure had, on average, a smaller hippocampus (a brain structure involved in many things, including memory) than control participants. This reduction in size was correlated with poorer sustained attention (decreased ability to focus on a single task for a period of time) and delayed verbal memory (memory of words read or heard). The conclusion from this study is that prenatal meth exposure can be neurotoxic to the developing fetus brain.

</doc>
<doc id="31076646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076646" title="Al Achsasi al Mouakket">
Al Achsasi al Mouakket

Mohammad Al Achsasi Al Mouakket ( / ALA-LC: ) was an Egyptian astronomer whose "calendarium" and catalogue of stars, entitled "Durret al Muddiah Fih al Aamal al Shamsiah" (Al-Durrah al-muḍīyah fī al-ʻamāl al-shamsīyah, "Pearls of brilliance upon the solar operations"), was written at Cairo about 1650.
Al Achsasi was sheikh of the Grand Mosque of the University of Cairo, where his name "al Mouakket" reflected his position regulating the times and hours at the mosque. His name Achsasi connects him in origin to a village in the Faiyum.
No copies of his book were known to Western astronomers or historians of science until 1895; thus he did not appear in the standard French and English bibliographies and library catalogues of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31076653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076653" title="Wilhelm Sebastian von Belling">
Wilhelm Sebastian von Belling

Wilhelm Sebastian von Belling (15 February 1719 – 28 November 1779) was a Prussian Hussar general under Frederick the Great.
Biography.
Belling was born in Paulsdorf, East Prussia (modern Pawłowo, Poland) to Lieutenant Colonel Johann Abraham von Belling and Katharina née von Kospoth. He was the grandson of general Johann Georg von Belling.
Belling was educated as a cadet and joined the Prussian Army in 1737. Because of his small body size he was deployed at Kolberg for garrison service only. In 1739 he joined the Prussian Hussars and was removed to the Zieten Hussars in 1741. Throughout the War of the Austrian Succession he fought at the battles of Mollwitz, Hohenfriedberg, Prague and Kesselsdorf.
Belling was awarded the Pour le Mérite in 1757 for his actions in the Seven Years' War. In 1758 he became commander of a newly founded regiment of hussars under Prince Henry of Prussia, the Belling-Hussars. The Belling-Hussars chose "Vincere aut mori" (Victory or death) as their motto and decorated their hats with a depiction of a complete skeleton, a scythe and an hourglass; thus the Belling-Hussars were known as "the whole death" (der ganze Tod).
In the Pomeranian War, on 29 August 1760, the Belling-Hussars captured Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher and Belling, distantly related to Blücher, managed to persuade him to join the Prussian Hussars. In 1761 Belling, commanding a troop of about 5,000 men, successfully delayed the advance of a Swedish Corps of 15,000 men from Swedish Pomerania and their cooperation with the Russian forces in Farther Pomerania.
In 1776 he was promoted to Lieutenant General and was awarded the Order of the Black Eagle for his role in the War of the Bavarian Succession in 1778.
Belling died in service at his regiment's garrison in Stolp (modern Słupsk, Poland).
Belling was married to Katharine Elisabeth von Grabow, they had one daughter. He is described as a religious and devout Christian, whose evening prayers in times of peace ended:
Thou seest, dear Heavenly Father, the sad plight of thy servant Belling. Grant him soon a nice little war that he may better his condition and continue to praise thy name. Amen 

</doc>
<doc id="31076654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076654" title="Hussein Fahri Pasha">
Hussein Fahri Pasha

Hussein Fahri Pasha (Arabic: حسين فخري جنكات (1843-1910) was the Prime Minister of Egypt for three days during the Khedivate of Egypt. He was prime minister from January 15, 1893 to January 18, 1893. He had previously served as a cabinet minister. He had something to do with building the Aswan Low Dam and was given an honorary KCMG in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="31076657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076657" title="USO (rapper)">
USO (rapper)

Ausamah Saed better known as U$O (alternatively USO, Uso) also known as U-Dollartegn (meaning U-Dollar Signs) (born 1981), is a rapper from Aarhus, Denmark, who released his debut album, "Mr. Mista" in 2000. 
U$O he was a member of the now defunct rap group B.A.N.G.E.R.S. together with L.O.C. (real name Liam O'Conner) and N.I.S. (Niggeren i Slæden), and later Johnson. They released the EP "VIP"
U$O is also a member of the group F.I.P. (Full Impact Productions) together with L.O.C. and Suspekt.
He also appeared on "Hey Shorty" (full title "Hey Shorty (Yeah Yeah Pt. 2)" by Kato's featuring U$O and Johnson. It reached #2 in the Danish Singles Chart. 
He also appeared in the Tech N9ne 2011 single "Worldwide Choppers", also featuring Busta Rhymes, Ceza, D-Loc, JL of B. Hood, Twista, Twisted Insane and Yelawolf, from the album "All 6's and 7's". It debuted on the U.S. "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart at #4 and on the U.S. "Billboard" Heatseekers Songs chart at #15, becoming U$O's, D-Loc's, Ceza's, JL's, Twisted Insane's, and Yelawolf's most successful song in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="31076672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076672" title="N'Gai Croal">
N'Gai Croal

N'Gai Croal is a video game critic and consultant, previously employed by Newsweek, currently involved in his own consultancy company.
Croal started out as consumer technology writer at Newsweek, but became best known to the gaming world for the Newsweek-associated Level Up blog.
Croal's criticism of alleged racism in the Japanese game "Resident Evil 5" ("Wow, clearly no one black worked on this game.") became quite well-spread.

</doc>
<doc id="31076677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076677" title="Sheena Reyes">
Sheena Reyes

Sheena Reyes (born 4 April 1987) is an Australian actress of Filipino descent. 
Reyes played the role of "Carey Thompson" on soap opera Neighbours. Her television credits include "guest roles" on the Seven Network's TV Series, City Homicide and Offspring (series 2) on Network Ten . 
In 2007, Reyes was a "Top 10 Finalist" for MTV Australia: VJ Search, alongside Ruby Rose.
As a "Motorsport Model" at the 2010 Australian Grand Prix, Reyes broke the Guinness World Record at Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit in Albert Park for "Putting on the Most Pairs of Under Pants in 60 Seconds: 22 Pairs". On 20 June 2011, Reyes appeared on the set of Channel Seven's, The Morning Show hosted by Larry Emdur and Kylie Gillies and broke her existing World Record for the second time. On 28 July 2011, Reyes broke the World Record for the third time on the set of Channel Seven's, Sunrise competing against Australian Television Personality Grant Denyer. Reyes currently maintains the new Guinness World Record Title for "Putting on the Most Pairs of Under Pants in 60 Seconds: 36 Pairs".

</doc>
<doc id="31076722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076722" title="Lastreopsis decomposita">
Lastreopsis decomposita

Lastreopsis decomposita, known as the Trim Shield Fern is a common plant found in eastern Australia. The habitat is rainforest or moist sheltered eucalyptus forests. It may form large colonies. This fern features delicate lacy fronds, up to 90 cm long. The segments are alternate on the stem, hairy and thin textured.
The specific epithet "decomposita" is from Latin, it refers to the segments being compounded more than once.
This species first appeared in the scientific literature as in 1810 as "Nephrodium decompositum", in the "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae". Authored by the prolific Scottish botanist, Robert Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="31076726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076726" title="JWH-198">
JWH-198

JWH-198 is a drug from the aminoalkylindole family which acts as a cannabinoid receptor agonist. It was invented by the pharmaceutical company Sanofi-Winthrop in the early 1990s. JWH-198 has a binding affinity at the CB1 receptor of 10nM, binding around four times more tightly than the parent compound JWH-200, which has no substitution on the naphthoyl ring. It has been used mainly in molecular modelling of the cannabinoid receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="31076729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076729" title="John Smith (astronomer)">
John Smith (astronomer)

John Smith D.D.(baptised 14 October 1711 – 17 June 1795) was a British academic and astronomer.
His father was an attorney named Henry Smith and his mother was Elizabeth Johnson. He was born in Coltishall, Norfolk and was educated at Norwich School and Eton.
He was admitted to Caius College, Cambridge University in 1732. He received a B.A. in 1735/6 and an M.A. in 1739.
He was successively dean (1744–1749), bursar (1750–1753), and president of the college (1754–1764). He was Master of Caius from 1764 to 1795, and Lowndean Professor of Astronomy from 1771 to 1795.
He was ordained in 1739. He installed a transit telescope above his college ante-chapel.
He did not seem to have left any scientific papers or given any lectures.

</doc>
<doc id="31076733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076733" title="1984 1000 km of Spa">
1984 1000 km of Spa

The 1984 Rothmans Spa 1000 kilometers was the seventh round of the 1984 World Endurance Championship. It took place at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, Belgium on 2 September 1984.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="31076746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076746" title="G. C. Malhotra">
G. C. Malhotra

Shri G.C. Malhotra (born 24 July 1943) is the former Secretary General of 12th Lok Sabha and 13th Lok Sabha and Lok Sabha Secretariat, Parliament of India, i.e. the House of the People (Lower House)in the Indian Parliament. As Secretary General, he is also the Administrative head of the Secretariat of the Lok Sabha. The post of Secretary General is of the rank of the Cabinet Secretary in the Government of India, who is the senior most civil servant to the Indian Government.
Career and Position Held.
Mr. Malhotra holds M.A and LL.M degrees and joined the Lok Sabha Secretariat in 1970 and served in various capacities and became Secretary-General of Lok Sabha and Lok Sabha Secretariat in 14 July 1999. He was also Secretary-General, India Parliamentary Group; Secretary,India Branch of C.P.A.; Secretary-General, National Group of I.P.U; Secretary-General, Asia Region of C.P.A.
Book Published and Literary Activities.
and was Editor of Various Periodicals and Departmental Publication of Lok Sabha Secretariat.

</doc>
<doc id="31076747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076747" title="Daniel Straus">
Daniel Straus

Daniel Straus (born July 27, 1984), formerly known as Daniel Mason-Straus, is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight for Bellator Fighting Championships, where he is the former Bellator Featherweight Champion. He was the winner of and the runner-up of . 
Background.
Straus was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and grew up in the nearby suburb of Sycamore Township. He came from a troubled household and by the time he was a junior in high school he was living on his own, while supporting himself which included involvement in criminal activities. Straus was a highly successful (and highly controversial) high school wrestler at Sycamore High School. As a freshman in the (112 lbs.) weight class, he was an alternate for the state tournament and in his sophomore season he went 2-2 in the state tournament. In his junior season, Daniel finished 3rd in the state in Division I (135 lbs.) and in his senior year, he was ruled academically ineligible and missed the second half of the season (including the state tournament). However, he was given a wild card berth into the NHSCA Senior Nationals (high school senior national championship) and won the tournament. He is considered by some in the Ohio wrestling media to be one of the best Ohio wrestlers of the decade (2001–2010) and one of the greatest Ohio high school wrestlers to never win a state title. In addition to wrestling, Straus also played soccer and ran for the track and field team in high school. After graduating, he moved to Florida and worked in maintenance, but was arrested on robbery charges and was incarcerated from 2004-2007.
Mixed martial arts career.
Straus returned to Cincinnati after he was released from prison and was introduced to mixed martial arts by a friend who was a former high school wrestling opponent. He invited Straus to come train with him at Team Vision and Straus made his professional debut in February 2009.
Shark Fights.
Straus was a late replacement for Marcus Hicks at where he beat WEC veteran Karen Darabedyan via unanimous decision.
Bellator Fighting Championships.
Straus made his Bellator debut on June 24, 2010 at Bellator 23 where he defeated Chad Hinton via unanimous decision.
In January 2011, Bellator announced that Straus would be a part of the . In the quarterfinals, Straus fought Nazareno Malegarie. Straus defeated Malegarie via unanimous decision to move on to the semifinals and give Malegarie the first loss of his career. The fight won Fight of the Night honors.
At Bellator 41, Straus competed in the semifinals of the season Four Tournament against Kenny Foster. Straus controlled the fight for the first two rounds before he finished Foster via guillotine choke and moved on to the finals of the tournament. Straus met Patricio Freire in the Season Four Tournament Finals at Bellator 45. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Straus returned in the Bellator Season Six Featherweight Tournament that started on March 9, 2012. He defeated Jeremy Spoon via unanimous decision in the opening round at . In the semifinal round, Straus faced Mike Corey at and again won by unanimous decision. In the finals, Straus faced Marlon Sandro at and won via unanimous decision. This win earned him a title shot and rematch against Featherweight Champion Pat Curran, who had previous beaten Straus in 2009.
At Bellator 78, Straus took a fight to keep himself busy while waiting for his title shot. He fought Royce Gracie black belt, Alvin Robinson, defeating him via submission in the second round.
Straus was scheduled to face Pat Curran on April 4, 2013 for the Featherweight Title at . However, on February 26, it was announced that Straus had broken his hand and had to pull out of the fight.
The featherweight title fight between Curran and Straus took place on November 2, 2013 at . Straus won the fight by unanimous decision to become the new Bellator Featherweight Champion.
Straus is scheduled to face former champ Pat Curran for the third time at Bellator 112 on March 14, 2014. Straus publicly expressed his displeasure in having to face Curran again so soon after beating him, going so far as to say he believes Bellator wants Curran as champion. However, he also stated it is his job to fight and he welcomed the bout. At the weigh ins for Bellator 112, Straus had to cut his hair to make weight. He lost the bout via rear naked choke in the fifth round.
Personal life.
Straus has a daughter named Makayla.
On March 1, 2013 Straus was arrested in Fort Lauderdale, Florida after his vehicle was pulled over. He faced charges of driving with a suspended license, possession of more than 20 grams of marijuana, more than three grams of synthetic cannabis, possession of drug paraphernalia, and possession of MDMA.

</doc>
<doc id="31076754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076754" title="Monika Simančíková">
Monika Simančíková

Monika Simančíková (born 14 August 1995) is a Slovak figure skater. She is the 2012 Ondrej Nepela Memorial silver medalist.
She trains mainly in Nové Mesto nad Váhom and occasionally in Piešťany and Oberstdorf. Her mother is a figure skating coach of younger children.

</doc>
<doc id="31076769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076769" title="F. W. Andreasen-John Rossen House">
F. W. Andreasen-John Rossen House

The Andreasen-Rossen House includes a two hundred acre historic district.
History.
Designed by architect builder William S. Fitzell, the Andreasen-Rossen House was completed for Frands Wilhelm Andreasen in 1901. While called his "Skim Milk House" for Andreasen's thrifty habit of getting skim milk from other dairies to feed to his hogs, he also ran a successful creamery and dairy of his own. In 1901, he and his family moved to Berkeley, California after he was appointed to the California State Dairy Bureau.
In 1901, Andreasen sold the house to the Rossen family who lived there until 1988. New owners repaired and refinished original woodwork and rewired all the original fixtures; for a time opening it for tours to the public. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 25 September 1989. Since 1991, it has again been a private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="31076772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076772" title="2011 National Youth Competition (rugby league) season results">
2011 National Youth Competition (rugby league) season results

This article details scores and results from the 2011 National Youth Competition (rugby league) season.
Regular season.
Times for Rounds 1 - 4 are Australian Eastern Daylight Savings Time. Times for Round 5 and the remainder of the season are Australian Eastern Standard Time.

</doc>
<doc id="31076802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076802" title="JWH-193">
JWH-193

JWH-193 is a drug from the aminoalkylindole family which acts as a cannabinoid receptor agonist. It was invented by the pharmaceutical company Sanofi-Winthrop in the early 1990s. JWH-193 has a binding affinity at the CB1 receptor of 6nM, binding around seven times more tightly than the parent compound JWH-200, though with closer to twice the potency of JWH-200 in activity tests. A structural isomer of JWH-193 with the methyl group on the indole ring instead of the naphthoyl ring, was also found to be of similarly increased potency over JWH-200.

</doc>
<doc id="31076807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076807" title="Granville Bridge, Maryborough">
Granville Bridge, Maryborough

The Granville Bridge is a road bridge over the Mary River at Maryborough, Queensland, Australia.
The bridge, opened to traffic in 1926, was a second bridge in Maryborough. It was named after a suburb of Granville located on the eastern bank of the Mary River. It is the only river crossing providing access between the town centre and Granville, and other places such as Poona, Maaroom and Boonooroo.
The bridge is a low level bridge designed for inundation, which was thought to be less likely to be damaged by floating debris during floods. Due to its construction it is often prone to flooding. Most recently during the January 2010 floods the bridge was covered by floodwaters for five days.
Since the 1992 floods, when Granville was cut off twice, local residents have been petitioning Council to build a new high level bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="31076819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076819" title="Ilyes Sidhoum">
Ilyes Sidhoum

Ilyes Sidhoum (born August 10, 1989 in Nedroma) is an Algerian football player. He is currently playing as a right back for WA Tlemcen in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
International career.
On December 22, 2009, Sidhoum was called up by Abdelhak Benchikha to the Algerian Under-23 National Team for a week long training camp in Algiers. In May 2010, he was called up again for a training camp in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31076830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076830" title="Suhor pri Dolenjskih Toplicah">
Suhor pri Dolenjskih Toplicah

Suhor pri Dolenjskih Toplicah () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Suhor" to "Suhor pri Dolenjskih Toplicah" in 1953. 

</doc>
<doc id="31076853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076853" title="John Kolius">
John Kolius

John Kolius (born April 1, 1951) is an American sailor. He won a silver medal in the Soling class with Walter Glasgow and Richard Hoepfner at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. In 1987 and 2000 he competed at the Louis Vuitton Cup. Kolius began sailing at the age of 5 when his father introduced the family to sailing as a way to spend time together. Kolius's first boat was a Sunfish and he grew up sailing at the Houston Yacht Club through the Ragnot program. In 1968, John won his first major championship, the US Sailing Triplehanded Championship for the Sears Cup. He was 17 years old. Two years later at the age of 19, Kolius won the US Sailing Senior Championship for the Mallory Trophy. It was not too long after that he began sailing Solings and preparing for the Olympics. In 1975, John won the Soling North Americans and in 1976 an Olympic silver medal.
America's Cup.
Kolius became an America's Cup competitor in 1983, skippering "Courageous" against Tom Blackaller in "Defender" and eventual cup defender Dennis Conner in "Liberty". Kolius was recruited for his second Cup effort in 1987, this time as skipper of "America II". When the America's Cup shifted to IACC yachts for the 1992 Cup, Kolius sailed as part of the Italian team, "Il Moro di Venezia", with Raul Gardini and Paul Cayard, in which he placed 3rd at the IACC Worlds in 1991. He coached the team to a second place in the 1992 America's Cup. America3 recruited Kolius as a coach for their Cup run in 1995. Then when the Cup traveled to New Zealand for the 2000 event, Kolius put together the Aloha Racing Team.
Throughout his sailing career, John has won numerous championship events. He is a two-time winner of the J24 Worlds (1979 & 1981), the 50 ft World Championships in 1992, the Kenwood Cup in 1994, and the 1997 Admiral's Cup just to name a few. John was also part of the team that organized the Ultimate 30 Pro Racing Series in the late '80s and went on to win the Ultimate 30 Championship in 1989.
Significant Sailing Accomplishments
Business accomplishments.
Kolius learned his sailmaking skills working for Buddy Melges. In 1983, Kolius opened the Texas franchise of Ulmer Sails which then became Ulmer-Kolius. Several years later Kolius sold his franchise, finding himself too busy with America's Cup events to be able to participate in the business. Ulmer-Kolius then became UK. In the 1990s, Kolius opened Regatta Sports and Rigging, which later became KO Sailing. Currently, Kolius has retired from operating KO Sailing. He continues to support the business and owner Mark McNamara in an advisory role.

</doc>
<doc id="31076868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076868" title="The Courage of Kavik the Wolf Dog">
The Courage of Kavik the Wolf Dog

The Courage of Kavik the Wolf Dog, also known as 'Kavik the Wolf Dog', is a 1980 made-for TV adventure film.
Plot.
Kavik, a champion sled dog, who has just won a race in Alaska, is sold for $4000 to George Hunter, a ruthless businessman from Seattle, who has local business interests. The plane carrying the dog crashes into the snow-covered wilderness; the pilot is killed and the dog is more dead than alive. 
The crash site is found by Andy Evans, a young boy who lives in the nearby fishing settlement of Copper City. He struggles to get the dog home and begs his parents to let him ask the local doctor to take a look at Kavik. Dr Walker does, initially reluctantly, have a look and does his best to deal with Kavik's multiple injuries. The dog slowly recovers and starts to bond with Andy. However, do to its near death experience Kavik is terrified of other dogs and is quick to run away when confronted. But Hunter arrives on a regular trip and claims back the dog, taking him to a kennel in his palatial Seattle home.
Hunter's kennel manager, seeing that the dog is unhappy and unlikely to be a champion racer, allows him to escape. Kavik manages to stow away on a coastal ferry and travels north. He struggles over inhospitable terrain, learning to fight other dogs and wolves for his food. Barely alive, he makes it back to Copper City, and reunites with Andy.
Hunter arrives, angrily demanding the return of the dog. Andy's father, Kurt, equally angrily claims that the dog will be happier with them than with Hunter. Hunter, who employs Evans and practically owns the whole town, gives in with ill grace, selling Kavik to the Evans family for a token sum.
Location.
Much of the film was shot in Banff National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31076869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076869" title="Walter Glasgow">
Walter Glasgow

Walter Glasgow (born April 19, 1957) is an American sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Soling Class" with John Kolius and Richard Hoepfner at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31076875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076875" title="Apple Canyon Lake, Illinois">
Apple Canyon Lake, Illinois

Apple Canyon Lake is a census-designated place in Jo Daviess County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 558 as of the 2010 census.
Apple Canyon Lake is not a town, but a residential/resort community in Jo Daviess County, Illinois. Homeowners pay taxes and some children attend three different school districts: Scales Mound, Warren and Stockton. Developed by Braniger Associates in the 1960s, the canyon was dammed and water filled the lake over 2-3 years. The lake is one of the best kept secrets in Illinois. Bass and walleye fishing are excellent. Boating, water skiing, a hiking trail around the entire lake are just some of the amenities. 

</doc>
<doc id="31076881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076881" title="Richard Hoepfner">
Richard Hoepfner

Richard Hoepfner (born November 14, 1944) is an American sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Soling Class" with John Kolius and Walter Glasgow at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31076899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076899" title="Dave Romansky">
Dave Romansky

David L. "Dave" Romansky (born April 8, 1938) is an American racewalker.
Early career.
Romansky was born in Penns Grove, New Jersey and later moved to Pennsville, New Jersey. Although he began racewalking only in February 1967, he qualified and represented the United States in the 50 km racewalk at the 1968 Summer Olympics, finishing 26th in 5:38:03.4 while suffering from the flu in the high altitude of Mexico City. 
Romansky's personal best was 4:15:24, achieved in 1970, the year he ran the United States National Championship table, winning every distance between 10 km and 40 km (10K, 15K, 20K, 25K, 35K, 40K and the 2 Hour racewalk) That same year he finished 8th in the IAAF World Race Walking Cup in Escborn, West Germany. His time there was 1:30:46.2, just off his personal record of 1:29:50. He was intending to compete in the 1970 national championship 50K race, but went to the wrong location to race.
Later career.
Romansky has continued to walk into the masters age divisions, setting numerous records. He holds current M60 American records on the track for 5,000 meters, 10,000 meters and 20,000 meters, as well as road records for 10K, 25K and 30K.
He was elected to the USATF Masters Hall of Fame in 2002, along with the Penns Grove High School Hall of Fame in 1998, the Delaware Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1999, the Shore Athletic Club Hall of Fame in 2000 and the Salem County All Sports Hall of Fame in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31076923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076923" title="Veliki Rigelj">
Veliki Rigelj

Veliki Rigelj () is a settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. The entire area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. 

</doc>
<doc id="31076939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076939" title="Muuga Harbour">
Muuga Harbour

Muuga Harbour () is the largest cargo port in Estonia, located on the southern coast of the Gulf of Finland, 13 km northeast of the capital Tallinn, in Maardu. The harbour is administrated by Port of Tallinn, the biggest port authority in Estonia. Muuga Harbour is one of the few ice-free ports in northernmost Europe and among the deepest (up to 18 m) and most modern ports in the Baltic Sea region. The cargo volume handled accounts for around 80% of the total cargo volume of Port of Tallinn and approximately 90% of the transit cargo volume passing through Estonia. Nearly 3/4 of cargo loaded in Muuga Harbour includes crude oil and oil products, but the harbour also serves dry bulk (mostly fertilizers, grain and coal) and other types of cargo.
The usual cargo traffic in the seaport is about 20–30 million tons.
The harbour covers an area of 5.24 km2 land and 7.5 km2 aquatory. Besides Maardu the seaport also occupies lands from the villages of Muuga and Uusküla.
There are 29 quays with the whole length of . The maximum depth is . The largest possible size of a ship is 300 ✕ 48 meters.
There are 6 liquid bulk terminals, container, grain, coal, steel and a dry bulk terminals located in the port.

</doc>
<doc id="31076972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076972" title="Atmakur, Nalgonda">
Atmakur, Nalgonda

Atmakur(M) () is a mandal in Nalgonda district of Telangana, India.
Villages.
There are 27 villages in this mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="31076977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076977" title="2011 California Golden Bears football team">
2011 California Golden Bears football team

The 2011 California Golden Bears football team represented the University of California, Berkeley in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Led by tenth-year head coach Jeff Tedford, the Bears are members of the North Division of the Pacific-12 Conference.
Due to reconstruction at California Memorial Stadium, California played their home games in AT&T Park in San Francisco, California. The season opener against Fresno State, officially a neutral-site game, was played at Candlestick Park. The regular season also ended with an away game with a matchup at Arizona State on November 25.
Following the team's first losing season during Tedford's tenure as head coach, the Golden Bears improved to 7–5 (4–5 in the Pac-12) to finish fourth in the North Division. Cal also became bowl-eligible for the first time since 2009 and accepted a bid to play in the Holiday Bowl, which they lost to Texas. With a victory against Presbyterian on September 17, Tedford became the winningest coach in program history.
Preseason.
Following the program's first losing season during Jeff Tedford's tenure as head coach, several coaching changes were implemented. Offensive coordinator Andy Ludwig departed for the same position at in San Diego State. He was replaced by Jim Michalczik, who will also be the offensive line coach due to the departure of Steve Marshall for Colorado. Michalczik had previously been the offensive line coach at Cal from 2002–2008. Wide receivers coach Kevin Daft was succeeded by Eric Kiesau, who will also function as the passing game coordinator, while defensive backs coach Al Simmons was succeeded by Ashley Ambrose, who held the same position at Colorado. Marcus Arroyo joined the coaching staff as quarterbacks coach and assistant head coach.
Starting running back Shane Vereen, who finished the 2010 season with 1,167 yards to become the program's first 1,000-yard rusher since the 2008 season, decided to forego a remaining season of eligibility and enter the NFL Draft, having graduated in December. He was drafted in the second round by the New England Patriots, following defensive end Cameron Jordan, who was drafted in the first round. Safety Chris Conte was selected in the third round by the Chicago Bears, and linebacker Mike Mohamed was picked in the sixth round by the Denver Broncos.
The team held its spring football from March 15 to April 24. Junior transfer Zach Maynard, the half brother of wide receiver Keenan Allen, was named the starting quarterback on May 14. Maynard had played at Buffalo from 2008–2009 before transferring to Cal in 2010.
Game notes.
Fresno State.
The third meeting between Cal and Fresno State was a neutral-site game played at Candlestick Park in San Francisco. It saw both quarterbacks each start their first career games for their respective teams: Cal's Zach Maynard had transferred from Buffalo in 2010, while Fresno State's Derek Carr had redshirted the previous season. On the opening drive Maynard's first pass was intercepted on the Cal 16-yard line and Fresno State was able to score first on a 9-yard run by running back Robbie Rouse. However the Bears were able to rebound. Their second possession saw a 67-yard scoring drive put together which was capped off with a 1-yard touchdown run by running back Isi Sofele, although the PAT was blocked. On their third possession of the game, Sofele was able to break free for a 39-yard run, but the PAT was blocked again. The Bears scored for a third time on their fourth possession when Maynard connected with wide receiver Marvin Jones for a 42-yard score. The Bulldogs had a chance to add some points at the beginning of the second quarter, but a 35-yard field goal missed. The Fresno State defense was able to keep Cal scoreless, and with Cal backed up on its own 6-yard line, were able to capitalize on a botched snap that Sofele tried to recover in the Cal end zone, but was knocked lose for a fumble and recovered by the Bulldogs for a touchdown. This trimmed Cal's lead to 19–14 at the half.
On Cal's first possession of the third quarter, Maynard was able to hit Jones for a second touchdown, this one for 23 yards. Carr was intercepted on the ensuing possession, but the Bears were unable to convert it into points. However the Cal defense was then able to sack Carr and force a fumble, which was returned for a 22-yard score. The Bears' final score of the game came on a 40-yard field goal in the fourth quarter, while the Bulldogs were able to put together a drive that ended with a 7-yard touchdown pass from Carr to receiver Josh Harper for the game's final score.
In his first start for the Bears, Zach Maynard passed for 266 yards, with two touchdowns and an interception, while running for 53 yards. Starting running back Isi Sofele scored the second rushing touchdown of his career and rushed for 83 total yards. Keenan Allen had 112 yards receiving, while Marvin Jones had 118, with two touchdowns, marking the first time two Cal receivers had 100 yards in a game since 2006. For Fresno State, Derek Carr passed for 142 yards, a touchdown and an interception, while Robbie Rouse had 86 rushing yards, with a touchdown.
Colorado.
Although both teams are in the Pac-12, this game counts as a non-conference game in Pac-12 standings, as it was scheduled before Colorado joined the Pac-12. The Bears visited Boulder for the first time since 1982, where they were shut out during the first quarter by the Buffaloes. Zach Maynard was intercepted on Cal's second possession of the game to set up a Colorado 27-yard field goal. However Cal got on the board to open the second quarter on a 2-yard pass from Maynard to fulback Nico Dumont, although a PAT was blocked for the second week in a row. After both teams traded field goals, Cal added to its lead on a 7-yard pass from Maynard to tight end Anthony Miller to make it 16–6 at the half.
Colorado started out the second half with a 37-yard pass from Tyler Hansen to tight end Ryan Deehan. Late in the quarter Cal scored on a 20-yard reception by Miller. The Buffs responded with a 66-yard touchdown from Hansen to receiver Paul Richardson to close the third quarter. The two connected again when Richardson opened the fourth quarter for a 78-yard score to give Colorado their first lead of the game. However Cal regained the lead on the ensuing possession on a 20-yard run by running back C.J. Anderson. The Buffs were able to tie the game on a 32-yard field goal with 30 seconds left to force overtime.
Cal won the coin toss and elected to play defense to start overtime. Colorado drove to the 4-yard line before settling for a 22-yard field goal. After reaching a first down at the 15-yard line, Cal was pushed back to the 35-yard line by two penalties, setting up a 1st-and-30 situation. However, on first down Maynard connected with Keenan Allen for a 32-yard gain to the 3-yard line. One play later, Maynard passed to Allen for a 5-yard touchdown to give the Bears their first overtime win since 2006. The victory tied head coach Jeff Tedford with Andy Smith for the most in school history with 74.
Zach Maynard passed for 243 yards, four touchdowns, and an interception, Isi Sofele had 84 yards on the ground, while Keenan Allen had 97 receiving yards and a touchdown. Colorado's Tyler Hansen threw for 474 yards, a team record, including three touchdowns, while Paul Richardson had 284 receiving yards, a school record. The Buffs offense outgained the Bears 582–370 in the loss.
Presbyterian.
Cal's home opener was the first matchup for the two teams, with Presbyterian making the longest trip for an away game in school history. The Bears' first score of the game came on a 9-yard run by running back C. J. Anderson, followed by a 1-yard run by Isi Sofele that was set up by an interception of Ryan Singer. Sofele opened the second quarter with a 3-yard run, and the Bears scored on the following possession with a 51-yard reception by Marvin Jones. The Blue Hose got on the scoreboard when cornerback Justin Bethel blocked a punt and returned it for a touchdown, with the PAT missing. After Cal tight end Spencer Hagan scored on a 16-yard reception, Presbyterian's second score came on a 29-yard interception return by Bethel, with the two-point conversion missing. The final score of the half came on a 21-yard reception by Keenan Allen to make it 42–12 at the half.
The second half opened with an 88-yard kickoff return for a score by Cal running back Brendan Bigelow. Backup running backs Covaughn DeBoskie-Johnson and Dasarte Yarnway rushed for 6 and 7-yard touchdowns, respectively, for Cal's final scores. The victory made Cal head coach Jeff Tedford the winningest in program history with 75 wins. Zach Maynard threw for 215 yards, with three touchdowns and an interception, Marvin Jones had 123 receiving yards with a score, while Isi Sofele had his first 100-yard rushing game with 105 and two scores. Cal outgained Presbyterian with 581 yards of total offense to 48, and controlled the ball for two thirds of the game.
Washington.
In the conference opener for both teams, Cal faced Washington in Seattle, not having defeated the Huskies since 2008. On the Bears' opening possession Zach Maynard connected with receiver Keenan Allen for a 90-yard score, the longest reception in school history. Washington responded on the ensuing possession on a 20-yard touchdown reception by tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins from Keith Price. The Huskies scored again on a 2-yard run by running back Chris Polk to take the lead, which they never relinquished. After the Bears opened the second quarter with a 29-yard field goal, the Huskies scored their third straight touchdown with a 20-yard reception by Seferian-Jenkins. After Cal scored with a 36-yard field goal, a fumble by Price was recovered by the Bears. This set up a 1-yard score by running back C.J. Anderson for the final points of the half. A 52-yard field goal attempt by Washington's Erik Folk missed to close out the half, with the Huskies leading 21–20.
Cal's final points of the game came on a 25-yard field goal, with Washington responding with a 40-yard field goal. The Huskies padded their lead with a 70-yard reception by Chris Polk to open the fourth quarter. Early in the quarter Cal was unable to capitalize on a fumble recovery and turned the ball over on downs. The Bears had a chance in the final minutes of the game and were able to drive to the Huskies' 2-yard line, but were unable to get the ball into the end zone, making Steve Sarkisian's record against Cal 3–0.
Zach Maynard passed for 349 yards and a touchdown, the first time a Cal quarterback had passed for 300 yards since October 2009. Keenan Allen had a career-high 197 yards with a score, while Isi Sofele had 98 yards on the ground. Keith Price threw for 292 yards with three touchdowns, while Chris Polk was the Huskies' leading receiver and rusher, with 85 and 60 yards, respectively, scoring both through the air and on the ground.
Oregon.
Both teams came off a bye week as Cal traveled north to #9 Oregon. The Bears scored on the game's opening drive with a 27-yard field goal, but the Ducks came right back with a 53-yard scoring run by running back LaMichael James. Cal scored again on the ensuing possession with a 38-yard field goal, with Oregon adding its final score of the half on a 17-yard run by receiver De'Anthony Thomas late in the quarter. The Cal defense was able to hold Oregon scoreless in the second quarter, while a 54-yard field goal, a career high for kicker Giorgio Tavecchio, and a 12-yard touchdown reception by receiver Keenan Allen gave the Bears the lead 15–14. Darron Thomas was intercepted in Cal territory in the closing minutes of the half for the game's sole turnover, but the Bears were unable to add to their lead when a 40-yard field goal attempt was blocked.
However the second half was a different story, as Oregon shut out Cal and took control of the game. The Ducks scored three touchdowns in the third quarter, with a 23-yard reception by Thomas, a 68-yard run by running back Kenjon Barner (with a successful 2-point conversion), and a 21-yard reception by Thomas, his third touchdown of the game. The final score of the game came on a 3-yard touchdown by receiver Lavasier Tuinei early in the fourth quarter. Backup Allan Bridgford stepped in for Zach Maynard during the quarter, but the Bears failed to put up further points on the board despite putting together a drive that went down to the Oregon goal line on Bridgford's first series.
Zach Maynard threw for 218 yards and a touchdown, while Allan Bridgford had 103 passing yards in relief. Isi Sofele had 119 yards on the ground, while Keenan Allen had 170 through the air and the Bears' sole touchdown. Oregon's Darron Thomas threw for 198 yards, with three touchdowns and an interception, while De'Anthony Thomas had 114 receiving yards, two touchdown receptions, and a rushing touchdown. LaMichael James, the nation's leading rusher, finished with 239 yards, which put him over the 4,000 mark for his career. The game was his fourth straight with at least 200 yards rushing, a feat unparalleled in school history. However he was injured early in the fourth quarter and had to be carted off the field.
USC.
The Bears returned home to AT&T Park in search of their first conference win against the Trojans, who they had not beaten since 2003. On the fourth play of the game a Keenan Allen fumble was recovered by the Trojans, but they were unable to convert it into points, when a trick play called by USC head coach Lane Kiffin on fourth down at the Cal 8-yard line resulted in a fumble that Cal recovered. A second Cal fumble was recovered by the Trojans when Zach Maynard was sacked in Cal territory, setting up a 39-yard field goal. USC scored three times in the second quarter, first on a 39-yard pass by Matt Barkley to receiver Marqise Lee. Maynard was then intercepted on the Cal 23 on the ensuing possession to set up a 29-yard field goal, and receiver Brandon Carswell had a 7-yard reception late in the quarter. The Bears were able to drive downfield in the final minutes of the half but failed to get on the board when Maynard was intercepted at the goal line. USC led 20–0 at the half, with Cal being shut out for four straight quarters going back to the previous week against Oregon.
USC opened the second half with a 23-yard field goal and Cal ended the shutout with a 27-yard field goal. The Bears were able to score again when Maynard rushed in from 3 yards out, although the PAT was blocked. Maynard threw his third interception late in the fourth quarter to set up a 2-yard scoring run by running back Curtis McNeal. After turning the ball over on downs, Cal recovered a fumble by USC but was unable to score again.
Zach Maynard threw for 294 yards and had a touchdown run, but accounted for four of the Bears' turnovers with three interceptions and a fumble. Keenan Allen had a career high 160 receiving yards, while Isi Sofele, coming off a breakout game the previous week against Oregon, was held to 44 yards on the ground. Cal committed five turnovers for the first time since November 2008 and went 0–3 in conference play for the first time in Jeff Tedford's tenure as head coach. Matt Barkley threw for 195 yards and two scores while Curtis McNeal led the Trojans on the ground with 86 yards and a score, while Marquise Lee had 81 yards through the air and a touchdown.
Utah.
The first conference game between the two teams was their first matchup since the 2009 Poinsettia Bowl. After a scoreless first quarter Cal's first points of the game came in the second with a 5-yard scoring run by Isi Sofele. A fumble by Utah quarterback Jon Hays was recovered and resulted in a 35-yard field goal. After the Bears made a 37-yard field goal, Hays was picked off by linebacker Mychal Kendricks which set up a 12-yard touchdown reception by Keenan Allen to make it 20–0 at the half. Quarterback Zach Maynard scored on a 4-yard run in the third quarter, while a second interception of Hays set up a 29-yard field goal attempt which missed. Hays threw his third interception of the game to open the fourth quarter, which was returned by Josh Hill for a 32-yard score. The Utes ended their scoring drought with a 36-yard field goal on the ensuing possession and running back John White had a 14-yard touchdown run in the final minutes.
In an improvement from the previous week, the Bears had no turnovers in their first conference win of the season. Zach Maynard threw for 255 yards, with a touchdown on the ground and through the air, Keenan Allen had 78 receiving yards and a score, while Isi Sofele rushed for 84 yards and a score. Utah's Jon Hay threw for 148 yards with three interceptions, while the Utes were held to 13 net yards on the ground.
UCLA.
Cal got on the board first on 1-yard run by Isi Sofele that was set up by a fumble recovered from UCLA quarterback Kevin Prince. The Bruins responded in the second quarter with an 11-yard score by running back Johnathan Franklin and began to take control of the game when Zach Maynard's s first interception of the game set up a 32-yard field goal. Running back Derrick Coleman scored on a 2-yard run to make it 17–7 at the half.
The Bears were able to close the gap in the third quarter with a 1-yard touchdown run by running back C.J. Anderson that was set up by a muffed UCLA punt return, but were unable to tie the game when a 42-yard field goal attempt missed. The fourth quarter saw Coleman score his second touchdown on a 20-yard run, which was set up by an interception of Maynard. He followed this up with a 24 yard scoring run as the result of another interception. Maynard threw a third interception in a row to end any chances of a comeback late in the quarter.
Zach Maynard threw for 199 yards and was intercepted four times, with UCLA safety Tevin McDonald accounting for three picks. Isi Sofele had 73 rushing yards with one score, while Keenan Allen had 83 receiving yards. UCLA snapped a three-game losing streak to Cal, with quarterback Kevin Prince passing for only 92 yards, but rushing for 163 on the ground, double that of running back Derrick Coleman, who rushed for 80 yards and three scores.
Washington State.
Cal faced Washington State at home, who came in with the second ranked passing offense in the Pac-12. On the Bears' first series Zach Maynard connected with tight end Anthony Miller for a 19-yard touchdown. Cal scored again midway through the quarter on a 1-yard run by Isi Sofele, although the PAT was blocked. Washington State had a chance to score some points at the beginning of the second quarter on a 52-yard field goal attempt, but the snap went high and resulted in a 28-yard loss. The Bears were unable to capitalize on this opportunity, but scored on the ensuing possession on a 5-yard run by C.J. Anderson and added a 43-yard field goal to make it 23–0 at the half.
On the opening drive of the third quarter, fulback Will Kapp, son of former Cal quarterback Joe Kapp, was able to break free on 4th and 1 for a 43-yard touchdown, the first of his career. A second Cougars attempt at a field goal, this one from 27 yards, missed. On the following possession, Maynard was pulled from the game after recovering a fumble by Sofele and backup Allan Bridgford stepped in. Washington State recovered a second fumble by Sofele in Cal territory to close the quarter, and was able to end the shutout on a 5-yard run by running back Rickey Galvin.
Zach Maynard finished the game with 118 passing yards and a touchdown, while Isi Sofele had 138 yards on the ground, a career high, and accounted for a touchdown. Receiver Keenan Allen had 85 receiving yards to put him over the 1,000 mark for the season which he reached in nine games, the fastest in school history. The win put the Bears within a victory of bowl eligibility. Washington State's Marshall Lobbestael passed for 155 yards, receiver Marquess Wilson had 85 yards through the air, and running back Rickey Galvin accounted for 73 yards on the ground and a touchdown.
Oregon State.
Cal's final home game of the season was a matchup against Oregon State, who they had not beaten at home since 1997. The Beavers scored first on the opening drive with a 32-yard field goal and had an opportunity to add to their score when Zach Maynard was picked off on the ensuing possession, but were forced to punt. The Bears responded with a 19-yard strike from Maynard to receiver Michael Calvin to take the lead, which was never relinquished. They added to the lead on a nine-minute scoring drive in the second quarter that was capped off by a 5-yard run by Maynard. With a minute left in the half, Oregon State was able to drive down the field and kick a 46-yard field goal to cut the lead to 14–6.
Isi Sofele scored on a 20-yard run to open the third quarter, although the PAT missed. The Beavers were able to put together a drive that was halted when a pass from Sean Mannion was deflected and intercepted at the Cal 4-yard line. They had another opportunity to score early in the fourth quarter, but this too was stopped by a turnover when a fumble was recovered at the Cal 3-yard line. The final score of the game came on a 32-yard Cal field goal. Mannion was picked off a second time late in the quarter at the Cal 20-yard line.
Zach Maynard threw for 128 yards, with one passing touchdown and a rushing touchdown. Isi Sofele set a new career high with 190 yards rushing and had a touchdown, also going over the 1,000 yard mark for the season. Oregon State's Sean Mannion passed for 247 yards with two interceptions, while the Beavers' ground attack was held to only 27 yards, their second-fewest total of the season. The victory snapped a four-game losing streak to Oregon State going back to 2006 and made Cal bowl-eligible for the eighth time in nine-year after finishing the previous season with a 5–7 record.
Stanford.
Cal started out the 114th Big Game by driving into Stanford territory on the first play, but Isi Sofele fumbled the ball away on the second. This set up a 34-yard scoring run by receiver Ty Montgomery. The Bears responded with a 25-yard field goal and after Andrew Luck was intercepted, were able to jump ahead with a 17-yard touchdown reception by Keenan Allen. Cal's final score of the half came early in the second quarter with a 19-yard field goal. Stanford got the go ahead score on a 25-yard touchdown by running back Tyler Gaffney to make it 14–13. A Cardinal 33-yard field goal attempt to close the half missed.
The Cardinal opened the quarter by scoring with a 4-yard reception by tight end Levine Toilolo, followed by a 9-yard touchdown reception by fulback Ryan Hewitt. The Bears were shut out, with Sofele having his second fumble of the game to end the quarter. Cal was able to mount a comeback in the fourth quarter with a 2-yard reception by tight end Spencer Hagan and a successful two-point conversion. A 35-yard field goal by Stanford made it a two score game, and the Bears were able to score again in the closing minutes on a 1-yard run by running back C. J. Anderson. However Stanford recovered the onside kick to retain control of the Stanford Axe and stave off an upset.
Zach Maynard threw for 280 yards and two scores, while Keenan Allen had 97 through the air and a touchdown. Isi Sofele, after two back to back 100-yard rushing games, was limited to 84. Stanford's Andrew Luck passed for 257 yards, two scores, and a pick.
Arizona State.
Cal's regular season finale came on the road against Arizona State. The Bears scored on their opening drive with a 48-yard field goal. The Sun Devils responded with a 1-yard scoring run by running back Cameron Marshall. Cal came back with an 18-yard touchdown run by Isi Sofele, and capitalized on a fumble recovery with a 16-yard scoring run by Zach Maynard. The second quarter opened with a 17-yard touchdown reception by Arizona State receiver Aaron Pflugrad. After C. J. Anderson scored on a 1-yard run, Sun Devils quarterback Brock Osweiler was intercepted to set up a 27-yard field goal. Osweiler then connected with receiver Rashad Ross for a 35-yard score. Arizona State forced a fumble on the kickoff, setting up a 4-yard touchdown reception by tight end Trevor Kohl to jump ahead 28–27 at the half.
The Sun Devils scored on a 47-yard field goal to start the third quarter, followed by Cal scoring on a 3-yard run by Anderson. He scored again on a 74-yard reception, followed by Arizona State ending the quarter with a 24-yard touchdown run by Marshall. The Bears began the fourth quarter with a 19-yard field goal, followed by one from 30 yards that was set up by a fumble recovery. Osweiler threw his second interception of the game later in the quarter to prevent any attempt at a Sun Devils comeback.
Zach Maynard threw for 237 yards, with one touchdown pass and a touchdown run. Isi Sofele rushed for 145 yards and a score, while C. J. Anderson rushed for two touchdowns and had a scoring reception. Arizona State's Brock Osweiler passed for 264 yards, with three scores and two picks. Rashad Ross had 108 yards through the air and a touchdown, while Cameron Marshall rushed for 157 yards and two touchdowns. The Sun Devils ended their season with a four-game losing streak.
Holiday Bowl.
Cal had last played Texas in 1970, and the Longhorns owned a 4–0 record against the Bears, although this marked their first meeting in a bowl. Cal scored first on a 47-yard field goal, then committed its first turnover of the game when Zach Maynard was intercepted by cornerback Quandre Diggs. Despite a defensive stop, Maynard was sacked on the following possession and fumbled deep in Cal territory. However Texas was unable to capitalize on this when a 38-yard field goal missed. The Longhorns got on the board midway through the second quarter on a trick play that involved receiver Jaxon Shipley throwing a 4-yard touchdown pass to quarterback David Ash to make it 7–3 at the half, the combined score tying a Holiday Bowl record for lowest ever in the first half.
Cal opened the third quarter on a 6-yard scoring run by Isi Sofele to take the lead for one series, as Texas responded with a 47-yard scoring reception by receiver Marquise Goodwin. Sofele then fumbled the ball on ensuing possession, but the Cal defense again held. Maynard was sacked on the final Cal possession of the quarter, resulting in another fumble. A 37-yard run by Goodwin then set up a 4-yard touchdown run by running back Cody Johnson for the game's final score. Late in the quarter the final Cal turnover occurred when receiver Marvin Jones fumbled after making a reception.
Zach Maynard threw for 188 yards and was picked off once and sacked six times, accounting for three turnovers. Isi Sofele was held to 52 rushing yards with one touchdown run, while Marvin Jones and Keenan Allen logged 88 and 82 yards through the air, respectively. Cal committed five turnovers, the most since the October 29 matchup against UCLA. Texas quarterback David Ash threw for 142 yards and a score and was sacked twice, but earned Offensive MVP honors. Receiver Marquise Goodwin had 49 yards through the air and 33 on the ground with a touchdown reception, as the Longhorns outrushed the Bears 109–7, giving Cal their lowest single-game rushing total since 2000. Linebacker Keenan Robinson was named the Defensive MVP.
Awards.
Mitchell Schwartz was a first-team All-Pac-10 preseason choice of Athlon, Phil Steele (who named him the nation's # 24 draft-eligible tackle), and "Sporting News", a Lindy's second-team preseason All-Pac-10 pick (whom they listed as one of Cal's "Players to Watch"), and a third-team preseason All-American by GoDaddy.com and "Sporting News". He was a second-team midseason All-Pac-12 selection of Steele. He received Cal's Brick Muller Award as its Most Valuable Offensive Lineman for the third straight season, and received a Cort Majors Captains Award on offense. He was on the watch lists for the Outland Trophy and the Rotary Lombardi Award. He was voted first-team All-Pac-12, and was a first-team All-Pac-12 selection of ESPN Pac-12 Blog and Phil Steele, as well as a second-team pick of College Sports Madness and Yahoo! Sports.
Postseason.
Defensive line coach Tosh Lupoi, who had been with the program for twelve years, and wide receivers coach Eric Kiesau, who had joined the program just that year, both left to join the Washington coaching staff in mid January 2012. Coach and former NFL wide receiver Wes Chandler succeeded Kiesau on January 18. Coach and former NFL linebacker Todd Howard was named as Lupoi's replacement after having fulfilled the same role at Washington State the previous season.
In the 2012 NFL Draft, six Cal players were selected, the most out of any Pac-12 school. Linebacker Mychal Kendricks and offensive tackle Mitchell Schwartz were taken in the second round, punter Bryan Anger in the third, receiver Marvin Jones in the fifth, and safety D. J. Campbell and defensive end Trevor Guyton in the seventh. Anger became the highest drafted punter since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="31076991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076991" title="StreetStrider">
StreetStrider

StreetStrider is the world's first mobile elliptical trainer, invented by David W. Kraus. The StreetStrider consists of a T-shaped lower frame to which two front wheels and a rear wheel containing a drive assembly are attached, and an upright frame to which two reciprocating arm levers are attached. Two elongated foot platforms on either side of the lower frame are attached to cranks as part of the drive assembly, which, as with bicycle drivetrain systems, also includes a hub, a rotating axle, and an internal hub gear system translating the axle rotation to the hub. The StreetStrider drive assembly is either chained or chainless direct drive, depending on model. The lower end of each arm lever is attached to the front end of each foot platform, which, by connection in the rear to the rotating crank arm and in the front to the pivoting arm lever, moves generally in an elliptical path. The device also includes a leaning mechanism for steering, as well as brakes and multiple gearing. 
The StreetStrider duplicates the motion of a stationary elliptical trainer in a mobile device. The rider achieves a full-body weight-bearing low-impact high-cardiovascular workout while moving outdoors. With a branded trainer stand, adult StreetStrider models can be fashioned into stationary elliptical trainers, enabling indoor use during inclement weather. The StreetStrider can be used for physical fitness, weight loss, physical therapy, human-powered transport, and outdoor adventure. In an American Council on Exercise (ACE) study, exercise physiologist John Porcari and his team at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse found that the StreetStrider outperformed a stationary elliptical trainer in every measurement they made. This included heart rate, oxygen consumption rate, percent of VO2 max, calorie burn rate and rating of perceived exertion.
HPN Holdings, Inc., the parent company of StreetStrider International, LLC, owns several patents including US patents 7,803,090 & 8,535,206, Chinese patent 603,949, Australian patent 2006265891, EU patent 06785998.3 & other patents pending. 
The StreetStrider was reviewed briefly in the February 2013 issue of Consumer Reports with a focus on exercise equipment. Consumer Reports compared the StreetStrider to an elliptical bicycle called ElliptiGO. Consumer Reports also provided copy and video for their study that was reported by a number of local news affiliates in January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31076992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076992" title="Malcolm Hill (audio engineer)">
Malcolm Hill (audio engineer)

Malcolm Hill is one of the pioneers of the modern public address system(PA), and an expert in PA for large–scale events PA
He has been instrumental in the development of many modern items of audio equipment:<br>
Amplifiers: DX and Chameleon Range<br>
Mixing Consoles: Multimix, Datum, J-Series, Concept<br>
Speaker Systems: M-series<br>
Active Multicore Systems<br>
Powered Speakers: M-Series
Since the early 1970s, Malcolm Hill's design philosophy has been the ‘Faithful Reproduction of the Original Sound’. Throughout the '80s and '90s Hill Speaker Systems established their reputation with many international touring artists, in theatres, arenas and stadiums around the world - from Wembley Stadium to Madison Square Garden to Nuremberg. In the mid-'90s, under the banner 'faith comes through hearing', Malcolm Hill designed the PowerCube, a compact self-powered speaker. He has continued development throughout the 21st century and has now produced the M9DX.
The M-series speakers systems have been used for many high–profile global events:
M2 Gary Numan, M3 Saxon, M4 Live Aid, AC/DC, Monsters of Rock, M6 AHA, Status Quo, "Rock till you drop", Frankie goes to Hollywood, B52s
Malcolm Hill's latest speaker designs are fully active enclosures.

</doc>
<doc id="31077020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077020" title="De Visscher">
De Visscher

de Visscher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31077022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077022" title="A. Berding House">
A. Berding House

The A. Berding Home an historic Carpenter Gothic Victorian style house built by pioneer merchant Arnold Berding in 1875 at 455 Ocean Avenue in Ferndale, Humboldt County, California is also called "The Gum Drop Tree House" from the neatly trimmed row of cypresses in front.
History.
Born in Germany in 1826, Berding arrived in Humboldt County by a circuitous route that included Rio de Janeiro, San Francisco, and the California Gold Rush mining camps. In 1857 he arrived in Humboldt County and set up a store, hotel, livery and post office at the now-abandoned village of Centerville, California where Abraham Lincoln appointed him Centerville's first and only postmaster. In January 1860, shortly after the victims from the wreck of the were buried in a mass grave marked by the Centerville Beach Cross, wreck salvage was sold at auction at Berding's Centerville store. After selling the Centerville businesses, Berding spent a short time in Oregon, returning to Ferndale in 1866 and opening the first merchandise store in town.
Local justice of the peace Seth Shaw, married Berding and Mary Blum (b. 1832), a widow with three small children, June 7, 1867. The small residence they built in 1868 was moved around the corner and replaced with the current house where the Berdings had four more children together. In 1888 after much illness, the Berdings had a high brick foundation laid to raise the house. The 1900 Census shows that Arnold, Mary and two of their children were living in the Berding house, although they traveled frequently. The newspaper reports regular trips to San Francisco and in 1904, that Mary Berding and daughter Christina traveled across the United States to attend the St. Louis Exposition, and visit relatives from Illinois to Idaho. In 1909 the Ferndale Enterprise noted that the home of "Pioneer Berding" had recently been improved and renovated.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 4 January 1983. Much of the furniture was purchased by Arnold and Mary Berding and the parlor was last wallpapered and painted in 1889 for a wedding.

</doc>
<doc id="31077024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077024" title="Hellboy Universe">
Hellboy Universe

The Hellboy Universe is the fictional universe of the Hellboy comic and its various spin-offs, created by Mike Mignola. Its first appearance was in a black-and-white, four-page promotional comic by Mike Mignola with a script by John Byrne published by Dark Horse Comics in "San Diego Comic-Con Comics #2" (19 August 1993), distributed at the San Diego Comic-Con. There are currently 44 trades and 2 OGNs in the series.
"Hellboy".
This series, focused on the titular Hellboy, spawned the Hellboy Universe. There are generally two types of Hellboy stories; Pre-Cavendish (stories set chronologically before the first miniseries "") and Post-Cavendish (stories set chronologically after the first miniseries). Post-Cavendish stories are usually very continuity heavy, and require the reader to be relatively familiar with Hellboy's history. Pre-Cavendish stories tend to be primarily short, stand-alone stories.
In addition to the comics, the "Hellboy" novels written by author Christopher Golden are also considered in-continuity, although his short stories are not.
The "Hellboy" titles are collected in oversized hardcovers known as library editions.
"Hellboy in Hell".
Unlike previous "Hellboy" stories, "Hellboy in Hell" is an ongoing series. It is not a monthly series, but rather a new issue will come out when it is finished, whenever that may be. However, when there is an arc spanning multiple issues, each of those issues will come out monthly.
"Abe Sapien".
The first spin-off from "Hellboy", centred around Abraham Sapien, beginning with "Drums of the Dead" (4 March 1998). This story was eventually collected in trade paperback under the "B.P.R.D." banner along with the second "Abe Sapien" story "Abe Sapien versus Science" (8 September 1999). It wasn't until the third "Abe Sapien" story, "The Drowning" that this spin-off was collected in trade paperback under its own banner. The series became an ongoing series with Scott Allie as the lead writer with Mike Mignola in April 2013 beginning with the launch of "Abe Sapien: Dark and Terrible".
"Lobster Johnson".
The second Hellboy spin-off, concerning the adventures of "The Lobster". The first "Lobster Johnson" story, "The Killer in My Skull" (11 August 1999), was collected in trade paperback under the "B.P.R.D." banner. It properly became its own series when "The Iron Prometheus" miniseries began (5 September 2007). John Arcudi became the lead writer with Mike Mignola from 2012's "The Burning Hand."
"B.P.R.D.".
"B.P.R.D." (Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense) began as an experiment to see if the Hellboy Universe could be expanded with stories without Hellboy in them. It started with a three-page untitled promotional piece before launching into the three-issue miniseries "". The first cycle was later collected in omnibus format and retitled ""Plague of Frogs"". The series is currently in the middle of its second, much larger, cycle, ""Hell on Earth."" Additionally, there are several flashback stories to early periods in the B.P.R.D.'s history.
"B.P.R.D. 1946-1948".
A sub-series dealing with the early years of the B.P.R.D. (though there is a short story set even earlier). The series was originally planned to go for longer, on into the 1950s, but it was cut short because Mike Mignola felt he had too many books going on. Joshua Dysart was the lead writer for this series, although the final miniseries was written by John Arcudi to connect with what he was doing in "B.P.R.D. Hell on Earth." In addition to "1946", "1947" and "1948", the series also includes the short stories "Bishop Olek’s Devil" and "And What Shall I Find There?"
The trades "B.P.R.D.: 1946" and "B.P.R.D.: 1947" were originally volumes 9 and 13 of the original "B.P.R.D." numbering before the "B.P.R.D. Plague of Frogs" omnibuses were devised. Reprints of these volumes no longer have numbers on their spines.
"B.P.R.D. Vampire".
This was discreetly introduced as a new series of "B.P.R.D." when the trade come out with a number 1 on its spine and ""B.P.R.D. Vampire"" written in the series box (instead of just the usual ""B.P.R.D.""). Picking up after "B.P.R.D.: 1948", "Vampire" follows the story of B.P.R.D. Agent Simon Anders as he hunts vampires. The series is written and drawn by twins Gabriel Bá and Fábio Moon with Mike Mingola. Mike Mignola has said the twins have the freedom to write and draw more stories with this character if they wish.
"B.P.R.D. Plague of Frogs".
A sub-series largely dealing with a plague of frog monsters. John Arcudi became the lead writer with Mike Mignola with the miniseries "The Dead" in 2004. This was originally simply known as "B.P.R.D.", but was retroactively retitled when the "B.P.R.D. Plague of Frogs" Omnibus Editions were devised to distinguish them from "B.P.R.D. Hell on Earth" and other "B.P.R.D." sub-series. It includes the stories collected in volumes 1-8, 10-12, and 14 of the "B.P.R.D." trade paperbacks. They are also collected in the four volumes of the "B.P.R.D. Plague of Frogs" Omnibus Editions (3 trades in each).
"B.P.R.D. Hell on Earth".
A sub-series dealing with the apocalyptic events in the wake of the Frog War. It is a direct continuation of the "B.P.R.D. Plague of Frogs" cycle. For the 100th issue, it officially shifted from a series of miniseries to a monthly ongoing series. John Arcudi is the lead writer with Mike Mignola.
"Sir Edward Grey, Witchfinder".
This "Hellboy" spin-off primarily features stories about the witchfinder Sir Edward Grey, although on one occasion it includes "The Burial of Katharine Baker", which is about another witchfinder, Henry Hood. Beginning with "The Mysteries of Unland" in June 2014, Kim Newman and Maura McHugh will become the writers for the series.
"Sledgehammer 44".
First published in March 2013, Sledgehammer is about a man in a suit of iron armor that drops from an American warplane onto a French battlefield, where he attempts to fight his way through an army of Nazis and the massive war machine they keep protected in an armory.
Other.
So far two stories have been released which are in-continuity, but are uncollected and do not fit under any of the current Hellboy Universe banners; "How Koshchei Became Deathless" and "Baba Yaga's Feast". According to editor Scott Allie, there is a long-term plan to collect them.
Any Hellboy cross-overs, guest appearances, novels (excepting Christopher Golden's three novels) and role-playing games are not considered within continuity.
In other media.
Hellboy Cinematic Universe.
This includes the Hellboy film, its and the comic "The Golden Army".
Hellboy Animated Universe.
This includes the "Hellboy Animated" films ' and ' and the "Hellboy Animated" comics line.

</doc>
<doc id="31077026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077026" title="Netball in the Cook Islands">
Netball in the Cook Islands

The Cook Islands compete as a part of netball's Oceania region. More than 1,000 players have registered to play the sport. Participation in the game grew during the 1970s. Much of this is possible because of the national governing organisation, the Cook Islands Netball Association which is a member of Oceania Netball Federation. Because of the level of organisation and the game's development, the country has participated at several international events including the Pacific Games, the Commonwealth Games, the World Games, the Oceania Netball Tournament, the World Youth Netball Championship, and the International Challenge Men’s and Mixed Netball Tournament. A demonstration of the Cook Islands success can be found by looking at the national team: It is one of the top ranked in the world.
Netball has grassroots support and plays an important part in the life of women on the islands. There are over 15 netball clubs. Beyond club competitions, the game is played at schools and at national festivals like the Manea Games. The game's reach extends beyond traditional gender boundaries and is also being played by some Cook Islander men. Netball has benefited from several high visibility players and administrators, who have helped to develop the game internally and internationally.
About the Cook Islands.
The Cook Islands are an island nation, with a population of 23,400 people as of September 2010. As of 2006, the there were 15,324 total residents of the Cook Islands. Of these, 7,822 were male and 7,502 were female. The most populated islands and regions were Raratonga with 10,226 residents of which 5,008 were female, Atiutaki with 1,975 total residents of whom 989 were female, Mangaia with 631 total residents of which 324 were female, Atiu with 558 residents of which 275 were female, Pukapuka with 419 total residents of whom 184 were female, Mauke with 372 total residents of which 178 were female, and Manihiki with 344 total residents of which 153 are female.
Netball history and development.
Because of a favourable climate, sport is played year-round in the Cook Islands. Most sports, including netball, cricket, tennis, boxing, golf, soccer, squash and rugby union, are of European origin. The most developed and popular of them is netball, a sport in which the Cook Islands has participated on a global stage. The two most important international sport competitions that the Cook Islands participate in are the Commonwealth Games and the South Pacific Games. The Cook Islands was a major force behind the creation of the South Pacific Mini Games, participation in which has played an important role in the country's modern sporting history. Since the 1970s, the popularity of netball on the islands grew and the Cook Islands has made an effort to host these events as a way to improve facilities. During the 1970s, the Cook Islands began bidding to host international sporting events. Meanwhile, the popularity of netball grew. The sport's popularity is partly due to the influence of New Zealand, where Cook Island players have competed for New Zealand's national team. One such player was Margharet Matenga, who joined the Silver Ferns in 1979. Another was Anna Noovao, who was the captain of the New Zealand side in 1992. New Zealand encouraged the sport in the Cook Islands during the 1980s by hosting coaching and umpiring clinics. There are a number of athletes from the Cook Islands who reside overseas. This is especially true of netball. Some commentators state that living abroad has provided these athletes with access to facilities and levels of higher competition that they cannot get at home.
In 1991, the Government of the Cook Islands identified the lack of funding for sport facilities as a key reason why the nation has not succeeded at international competitions. It believed that investing in sporting infrastructure would enable the nation to be more globally competitive. Netball was not recognised as an Olympic sport until 1995. While official recognition as an Olympic sport did not mean that it was played at the Olympics, it did mean that the national association and the Cook Islands government could then access Olympic funding to help cover costs for facilities, travel, coaching, umpire training and other grass roots development efforts. The Cook Islands Netball Association is the governing body for the sport in the Cook Islands, and historically, the sport has been administered by women. Most netball courts are owned by the local village or club. With the exception of National Auditorium, all courts are outside. In 1990, the Cook Islands Netball Association had 15 clubs affiliated with it, all based in the southern islands group, including Ngatangia/Matavera, Avatiu/Nikao, Arorangi, Titikaveka, Takuvaine, Tupapa, Outer Islands.
The South Pacific Mini Games is a sporting event televised by a local Cook Islands television station. Sports contested at the games included netball. These games were televised, with funding to buy the rights being provided by the West German Government and the Government of the Cook Islands. In 2008, the first live broadcast of a netball game happened on television in the Cook Islands when the Silver Ferns played the Aussie Diamonds on 29 September.
The Manea Games are an annual eleven-day sport festival. The fifth version of the festival was held in 2008 at Aitutaki. The 2011 edition of the games were held in Mangaia. Sports represented at the games include netball, athletics, cricket, darts, soccer, rugby sevens, table tennis, tennis, touch rugby, volleyball and traditional games. The games are taken very seriously across all sports. Girls competing at netball compete with the hope of one day competing at the international level.
In 1992, the government detailed its national sport objectives. These objectives included promoting youth activity in order to improve quality of life, encourage young people to participate in national celebrations, develop and organize local sport, and foster a sense of competition and national unity in the sporting community across the village, national and international sphere. While not specifically mentioning netball, it did acknowledge the importance of the sport in terms of international prestige. One of the strategies to help meet those objectives was to strengthen national sporting bodies like the netball association. This worked; by 2009, there were more than 1,000 players registered with the Cook Islands Netball Association.
Grass roots netball.
There are at least three netball courts on the island of Atiu, which has a population of around 650. The netball and tennis rivalries between villagers on the island is fierce, and they built the netball facilities to help them win. The island has nine tennis courts, which used more often for playing netball, volleyball and soccer than tennis. There are a number of netball teams affiliated with schools on Atiu. Each has its own colours: Teenui wears blue on top and white on the bottom;Tengatangi and Mapumai wears green on top and white on the bottom; Ngatirua wears black on top and bottom; and Areora wears red on top and white on the bottom. The Girls' Brigade, Girl Guides and Junior Missionary Volunteers also have their own uniforms and colours.
Netball is played on the island of Aitutaki. Other sports played on the island include rugby union, rugby sevens, association football, cricket, volleyball, darts, tennis, badminton, ping pong and athletics.
Netball plays an important role on the social life of Cook Island women. For their social activities, rather than go to bars, they play netball and go to church. Netball games are most often played on Saturdays during the winter months from April to August, though games can be played throughout the year. Female players who make the national team are treated like minor celebrities.
Traditionally, on village feast days, several sport competitions are held including netball, rugby and dance.
The Cook Islands Golden Oldies Netball Association is a local league that is part of a network of leagues in various sports aimed at seniors. Belonging to these teams offers seniors a chance to travel that they might not be able to afford otherwise because of the high cost of transportation from the Cook Islands to other locations.
Men's netball.
Unlike some countries, the growth of men's netball is hampered by cultural bias against it; when parents see their boys playing it, they actively discourage them from continuing. Despite this, the Cook Islands also has a men's national team that has competed in the 2006, 2009 and 2011 International Challenge Men’s and Mixed Netball Tournament. The popularity of netball is growing amongst men on the island, as sport is an important way of villages keeping in touch with each other.
At the Easter sports day, organised by the Christian Youth Organization, traditional roles are exchanged and boys play netball while girls play rugby. During this sporting event, the boys cross dress and wear the uniforms that are traditionally worn by women.
People.
Many people have been important in the push to develop the game in the Cook Islands and raise the profile of the national netball team on the global stage. They include Anna Noovao, who was the captain of the 1992 New Zealand side, Margharet Matenga, who was the first Cook Islands player to play for New Zealand's national team, and Mamia, who was the secretary of the Cook Islands Netball Association for six years. Mamia was an umpire and an umpire examiner for the Oceania region. She attended South Pacific Games in Micronesia, the Commonwealth Games in Malaysia, and the Olympic Games in Sydney. Mamia was a national representative for teams that had competed in the South Pacific Games during the 1980s. Tina Pupuke Browne was president of the Cook Islands Netball Association. Elizabeth Tou was coach of the national team from 2005 to 2007. She represented the country as a player at Pacific Games, Commonwealth Games and the World Championships.
International.
The Cook Islands Netball Association is a member of the Oceania Netball Federation. The nation's participation in the international netball community has raised the islands' visibility globally. The Cook Islands won the netball competition at the first South Pacific Games, now Pacific Games, held in 1981. The national team had its first win in the tournament in 1983, when it beat Fiji. In 1986, the government provided 
to help the team travel to the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Scotland. The 1987 Netball World Championships were also held in Scotland, and the Cook Islands team came in sixth. At the World Games 1989 in Germany, the team came fourth. In the 1990 Oceania Netball Tournament, the team defeated New Zealand, Tonga and Fiji to come in second behind Australia. In January 2011, the national team was ranked eleventh in the world.
At the 1992 World Youth Cup in Samoa, the Cook Islands U-21 team defeated several high profile international teams including Wales, Samoa, and England. The Cook Islands' defeat of Canada, 114–13, in that tournament was a record for the highest score in the tournament. The Cook Islands also has a national team that competes in the international Golden Oldies netball tournament. In 2004, a team from the Cook Islands competed in the International Schoolgirls Netball Challenge. The country hosted the 2008 World Youth Championship, and the 2009 International Challenge Men’s and Mixed Netball Tournament. In 2011, a New Zealander, Margaret Foster, was appointed as head coach of the development squad. One of her goals was to improve the team's fitness levels.
In the lead up to the 2009 World Youth Championship, there was considerable anxiety over the facilities, and whether they would be up to world standards. The Prime Minister of the Cook Islands reconfirmed that his government would deliver a new venue. Because of this, the International Netball Federation reaffirmed their support for hosting the event in the Cook Islands. The Chinese government offered to step in and loan the country to help pay the costs for constructing the facility. The loan was controversial as some organisations felt the country had misplaced priorities. During the planning and preparation period in the lead up to the 2009 World Youth Championship, the government sought to increase the size of the loan for the facility to . The opposition leader Norman George was unhappy with how the government handled the whole situation regarding new sporting facilities to be built for the World Youth Netball Championships and the 2009 Pacific Mini Games.
Competitive history.
The table below contains a sample of the Cook Islands results in international competitions.
The table below contains sample of Cook Islands results in individual international matches.

</doc>
<doc id="31077031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077031" title="John Minor (disambiguation)">
John Minor (disambiguation)

John Minor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31077035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077035" title="Zomer">
Zomer

Zomer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31077039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077039" title="Hopfner">
Hopfner

Hopfner, Hoepfner or Höpfner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31077044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077044" title="Brenthia pavonacella">
Brenthia pavonacella

The Peacock Brenthia Moth ("Brenthia pavonacella") is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in North America, including Illinois, Maryland, Iowa, Oklahoma and South Carolina. It has also been recorded from Mexico.
The wingspan is about 9 mm. There are at least two generations per year in Illinois.
The larvae feed on the underside of the leaflets of "Desmodium" species. They skeletonise the leaves of their host plant. In its early instars, the larva causes damage that somewhat resembles feeding damage of some Cicadellidae species. Later instars eat large patches of the leaf area, so that only the leaf veins remain intact. They cut a small escape hole completely through the host leaf, which it uses to quickly move to the opposite side of the leaf when disturbed. Larvae can be found from early July to early September.

</doc>
<doc id="31077046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077046" title="Bis(pyridine)iodonium(I) tetrafluoroborate">
Bis(pyridine)iodonium(I) tetrafluoroborate

Bis(pyridine)iodonium(I) tetrafluoroborate or Barluenga's reagent named after J. Barluenga, is a mild iodinating reagent. Commercially available, it may be prepared by reacting iodine with pyridine in the presence of silver tetrafluoroborate supported on silica gel.

</doc>
<doc id="31077051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077051" title="Jean Allemane">
Jean Allemane

Jean Allemane (1843, Sauveterre-de-Comminges, Haute-Garonne – 1935) was a French socialist politician, veteran of the Paris Commune of 1871, pioneer of syndicalism, leader of the Socialist-Revolutionary Workers' Party (POSR) and co-founder of the unified French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) in 1905. He was a deputy in the National Assembly of the Third French Republic.
Early life: labour activist and Communard.
Jean Allemane was born into a working-class family in Sauveterre-de-Comminges (Haute-Garonne) in southern France. In 1853 he came to Paris with his parents and was apprenticed as a printer. The hardship of working conditions, the republican sympathies of his family and the writings of Pierre-Joseph Proudhon conspired to radicalise Allemane early on. As a teenager he became involved in trade union activity, which was still illegal in France (unions were not legalised until 1906). In 1862, aged 19, he was arrested for his role in organising the first typesetters' strike in Paris. Subsequently he helped found the typesetters' union. Despite his youth, Allemane played an important role in the emerging French syndicalist movement and emphasised the need for workers to form their own organisations, independent of bourgois radicals.
In 1870 Allemane served in the Parisian National Guard, where he became a corporal. In this capacity he participated in the uprising of the Paris Commune at the end of the Franco-Prussian War of 1871. Although he welcomed the fall of Napoléon III, he mistrusted the conservative republicans around Adolphe Thiers who replaced him. In the Commune, Allemane sympathised with the Proudhonist faction. Allemane participated actively in the fighting. After the suppression of the Commune, he went into hiding but was captured, and in 1872, he was sentenced to hard labour in perpetuity and banished to the penal colony of New Caledonia. In 1876 he made an unsuccessful attempt to escape. In 1878, he was ordered to participate in suppressing a revolt of the native population but refused. This led to further penalties. However, in 1879, a general amnesty enabled Allemane to return to France.
Socialist partisan politics: POF, FTSF, POSR.
In 1880, Allemane became a typesetter at the radical newspaper "L'Intransigeant", founded by the republican Henri Rochefort. That year, he became a founding member of the French Workers' Party (POF), founded by Jules Guesde and Paul Lafargue. Guesde and Lafargue were by then Marxists (and Lafargue was Marx' son-in-law), but the POF was not yet a homogeneous Marxist party, and Allemane sympathised with syndicalist and Proudhonist tendencies. In 1882, he supported the 'Possibilist' Paul Brousse in his conflict with Guesde. Like Allemane and Guesde himself, Brousse had been a Communard and had once sympathised with anarchism, but in the 1880s, the party he led - the Federation of the Socialist Workers of France (FTSF) - adopted an increasingly reformist course. Allemane became increasingly discenchanted with this. In his own journal, "Parti Ouvrier", he called for a more radical course and advocated syndicalist ideas such as a general strike that was to precipitate a revolution, direct action (sabotage, strikes, factory occupations) and the formation of separate proletarian organisations not subject to bourgeois leadership.
Anti-Boulangist, Dreyfusard
During the Boulangist crisis of 1886-89, when the popular nationalist General Boulanger seemed to threaten a "coup d'état", Allemane became one of the most vocal defenders of the Republic. This temporarily re-enforced his alliance with Brousse and with reformist socialists and republicans who opposed the general. (By contrast, the Guesdists and the Blanquists maintained an attitude of neutrality between the 'bourgeois general' and the 'bourgeois republic'.) However, once the crisis had passed, Allemane's radicalism put him at odds with the Possibilists and reformists. In 1890 he was expelled from the FTSF and formed his own party, the French Socialist-Revolutionary Workers' Party ("Parti Ouvrier Socialiste-Révolutionnaire"), which called for a general strike, worked closely with the trade union movement and rejected bourgeois parliamentary democracy as insufficiently democratic. Nevertheless, the Allemanists, as they were called, stood for elections, and Allemane later became a deputy in the National Assembly. The Guesdists, as orthodox Marxists, strongly criticised Allemanism: 'general strike is general nonsense' was their slogan, and trade unions should be placed firmly under the political leadership of a socialist party. By contrast, the Allemanists insisted on the autonomy of the trade unions and saw the socialist party merely as the political representative of the extra-parliamentary workers' movement.
Allemane's support of the labour movement and his involvement in the CGT translated into working-class support for his party. In 1901, he was first elected to the Chamber of Deputies, together with several other representativesof the POSR. He was subsequently elected again in 1906. During the Dreyfus affair, Allemane was a staunch defender of the Jewish officer, who, it turned out, was unjustly accused of treason. He denounced the rising tide of anti-Semitism. Again, this aligned him with the Broussists and reformist socialists around Jean Jaurès. (The Guesdists and Blanquists regarded the Dreyfus Affair as a quarrel within the bourgeoisie.) In 1899, the Independent Socialist Alexandre Millerand precipitated a fierce controversy in French and European socialism by joining a bourgeois republican cabinet - something no socialist had done since Louis Blanc's ill-fated participation in the Provisional Government of the Second Republic in 1848. The controversy over Millerandism coincided with the Revisionist controversy in German Social-Democracy and with the controversy over 'Economism' among Russian Marxists. Revolutionary socialists like Guesde and Édouard Vaillant saw all three phenomena as a betrayal of the working class; Jaurès and the reformists supported Millerand, albeit reluctantly. Allemane took an intermediate position, sceptical of participation in bourgeois cabinets but willing to support reformist social legislation. Eventually, Millerand left the socialist party altogether.
Unification of French socialism.
Despite the quarrel over Millerandism, the Second International was putting pressure on the many French socialist organisations to come together. In 1902, a first attempt at unification failed, because the differences between centralists and federalists, revolutionaries and reformists, were still too great. The centralist and revolutionary POF of Guesde united with Vaillant's Blanquist Socialist-Revolutionary Party (France) and with the small Revolutionary Communist Alliance (ACR), which had splintered off from Allemane's POSR. These groups formed the Socialist Party of France (PSdF). Meanwhile, Allemane's POSR joined with Brousse's FTSF and the Independent Socialists of Jean Jaurès to form the French Socialist Party (PSF). The two rival socialist parties were finally merged in 1905 into the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO Party). Allemane served as a deputy for the SFIO from 1906 to 1910, representing the XIth "arrondissement" of Paris. Even as deputy, Allemane maintained his work as a printer and founded a printers' co-operative called "La Productrice", which serve as a socialist print shop. In 1910, he published his "Memoirs of a Communard".
War and the appeal of radicalism of the left and right.
The outbreak of World War I bitterly divided the French socialists (as it did the socialists of most countries). Allemane had been a staunch opponent of militarism in his previous writings, but in 1914, he supported war 'in defence of the nation'. Anti-war critics on the left saw this as a grave betrayal. However, after the war, Allemane turned once again to the left. Already in 1917, he had welcomed the Russian Revolution. Although he was sceptical of Leninism and had never really embraced Marxism, he accepted the October Revolution. In 1920, at its 18th Congress in Tours, the SFIO split over the question whether to remain in the Second International or join Lenin's new Third International. The majority voted the join the Third International and henceforth called itself 'French Section of the Communist International', subsequently renamed French Communist Party (PCF). Allemane voted with the majority for adhesion to the Third International, because its radicalism appealed to him. Nevertheless, he did not join the PCF. Instead, in the 1920s, he flirted with the National Socialist party of Gustave Hervé (formerly an anti-militarist socialist but, since 1914, a staunch nationalist). This group sought to unite socialists who had taken a 'patriotic' position during the First World War, but it also attracted old Boulangist and anti-Dreyfusard elements, as well as anti-Marxist syndicalists. In the course of the 1920s, this party developed more and more in a fascist direction. Allemane, however, never actually played a role in this party. Instead, in his last years he concentrated on the activities of his Masonic lodge, a group he believed to be particularly susceptible to Socialist pressure. Jean Allemane joined Les Rénovateurs de Clichy, a lodge from Grand Orient de France, the same lodge as Jean-Baptiste Clément, "Le temps des cerises" song composer. He died in 1935 at Herblay in Seine-et-Oise.

</doc>
<doc id="31077059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077059" title="List of programs broadcast by UNTV">
List of programs broadcast by UNTV

This is a list of programs currently and previously aired on UNTV.
Currently aired programs.
Religious.
1 (simulcast on Radyo La Verdad 1350)

</doc>
<doc id="31077067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077067" title="Netball in Fiji">
Netball in Fiji

Netball in Fiji is a popular sport, with a men's and a women's national team. Netball games are most often played by girls on Saturdays during the winter, though games can be played at all times of the year. Women's participation in netball in is comparable to men's participation in rugby. 
History.
The sport started to grow in popularity during the 1970s. Continuing growth of the game in Fiji was at times hampered by the fact that the sport is not an Olympic one. For Olympic sports, money can be tapped to help cover costs for inter-island travel for international competitions. The lack of netball being recognized makes it harder to find money to cover these costs.
International competitions.
Samoa and Fiji are traditional netball rivals. This rivalry can be seen at events like Pacific Games.
Fiji was supposed to host the 2007 World Netball Championships, but a military coup caused the IFNA to move the championship to Auckland.
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number five in the world.
Fiji has a men's national team that has competed in the 2009 and 2011 International Challenge Men’s and Mixed Netball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31077078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077078" title="Geikristlaste Kogu">
Geikristlaste Kogu

Geikristlaste Kogu (), GK in short, is an Estonian LGBT rights organization of gays and lesbians who are active Christians.
Founded on August 11, 2010, in Tallinn, Estonia, Geikristlaste Kogu is a religiously and politically independent non-governmental organization of homosexual Christians working for equal treatment and opportunities for sexual minorities in society and religious organizations. It supports spiritual and personal growth of individuals along with their mental and physical healing, while developing community life and offering reliable information about Christianity and sexual orientation. Since its foundation GK has been co-chaired by Heino Nurk and Meelis Süld.
Its first public event was a Christmas celebration held at X-Baari in Tallinn, on December 11, 2010.
Normal activities of GK include commentaries about pertinent news conveyed in its website and devotionals and networking centered in its Facebook page, particularly translations of daily devotionals by Chris Glaser. Members have also published some articles in mainline press such as: The Church should support gay marriage, Can a Christian be Gay?, and Hostility toward gays does not protect families 
Internationally, since May 2011 GK has been a member of the European Forum of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Christian Groups. 
Meetings are held every Sunday at 12:00 hours at OMA Keskus in Tallinn.

</doc>
<doc id="31077079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077079" title="Brenthia hibiscusae">
Brenthia hibiscusae

Brenthia hibiscusae is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Cuba, Puerto Rico and Venezuela.
The length of the forewings is about 3.6 mm for males and 3.8-4.1 for females. It has a prominent white spot in the black terminal field of the forewing.
The larvae feed on "Hibiscus sabdariffa".

</doc>
<doc id="31077081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077081" title="Leonid Korniyets">
Leonid Korniyets

Leonid Romanovych Korniyets (; 21 August 1901 - 29 May 1969) was a Ukrainian and Soviet politician, who served as the head of government of Ukrainian SSR (today's equivalent of prime-minister) from 1939 to 1944.
Biography.
Leonid Korniyets was born in a town of Bobrynets in Kirovohrad Oblast, central Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="31077086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077086" title="Gertraud Wagner-Schöppl">
Gertraud Wagner-Schöppl

Gertraud Wagner-Schöppl (born 21 September 1956 in Salzburg) is a former Austrian veterinarian and politician.
She is married to Waldemar Prinz zu Schaumburg-Lippe, who has adopted her son Mario-Max Prinz zu Schaumburg-Lippe, née Mario-Helmut Wagner (born 23 December 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="31077092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077092" title="Brenthia sapindella">
Brenthia sapindella

Brenthia sapindella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Cuba.
The length of the forewings is 3.6-3.8 mm for males and 3.8-4 for females.
The larvae feed on "Sapindus raponarius".

</doc>
<doc id="31077096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077096" title="Batiuk">
Batiuk

Batiuk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31077099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077099" title="Sir Henry Percy Gordon, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Henry Percy Gordon, 2nd Baronet

Sir Henry Percy Gordon, 2nd Baronet FRS (21 October 1806 – 29 July 1876).
He was the only son of Sir James Willoughby Gordon, 1st Baronet, succeeding to his father's title in 1851.
He entered Peterhouse College, Cambridge in 1823 and was senior wrangler and 2nd Smith's prizeman in 1827. He received an M.A. in 1830.
He became a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1830.
He was admitted to Lincoln's Inn in 1828 and called to the bar in 1831. He was a Justice of the peace and deputy lieutenant for the Isle of Wight.
In 1839 he married Lady Mary Agnes Blanche Ashburnham, daughter of the Earl of Ashburnham.
He had at least one daughter, Mary Charlotte Julia Gordon. At his death, the baronetcy became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="31077100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077100" title="SS Olympia">
SS Olympia

The SS "Olympia" was a steamship laid down as the SS "Doune Castle" and upon purchase named the SS "Dunbar Castle" that served the northwest United States and Alaska during the Klondike Gold Rush. It was built in 1883 by Barclay, Curle and Co. of Glasgow, Scotland, for the Union-Castle Line. In 1895, the SS "Dunbar Castle" was sold to Fairfield Ship Building and Engineering Co. and renamed the SS "Olympia".
In 1897, it was bought by the Scottish American Steam Ship Co., and later that year it was bought by the Northern Pacific Steamship Line. In 1898, it operated with the North America Mail Steam Ship Co. of Tacoma, Washington. In 1903, it operated under the North Western Steam Ship Co. of Seattle, Washington, which sold it to the Alaska Steam Ship Company in 1904. That year, lifeboats were installed. On December 10, 1910, it ran aground on Bligh Reef off Alaska's Prince William Sound and sank without loss of life.
Following the sinking, steamboat inspectors accused "Captain Daniels," in charge of the Olympia when it ran aground, of "unskillful navigation."

</doc>
<doc id="31077105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077105" title="Netball in Niue">
Netball in Niue

Netball in Niue is a popular local sport. Games are most often played by girls on Saturdays between June and August, though games can be played at all times of the year. Most of the netball is played on high school athletic grounds.
History.
Although initially considered a women's sport, the popularity of netball is growing amongst men on the island, as sport is an important way of villages keeping in touch with each other.
There are several words for netball in the Niue language. They include neteplo, pelê neteplo, pelê.
Continuing growth of the game in the region was at times hampered by the fact that the sport is not an Olympic one. For Olympic sports, money can be tapped to help cover costs for inter-island travel for international competitions. The lack of netball being recognized meant it was hard to find money to cover these costs.
Competition.
Vanuatu, Tonga, Niue, the Solomon Islands, and the Cook Islands are all very competitive with each other in netball. This competitive streak is fought out at the Pacific Games.

</doc>
<doc id="31077106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077106" title="No. 2 Service Flying Training School RAAF">
No. 2 Service Flying Training School RAAF

No. 2 Service Flying Training School (No. 2 SFTS) was a flying training school of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) during World War II. It was formed in July 1940, under the command of Wing Commander Frederick Scherger. Responsible for intermediate and advanced instruction of pilots under the Empire Air Training Scheme (EATS), the school was based at RAAF Station Forest Hill near Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, and operated CAC Wirraway and Avro Anson aircraft. The Ansons were phased out in July 1941, and the school became an all-Wirraway unit. In 1942 the RAAF divided the personnel and equipment of No. 2 SFTS between Nos. 5 and 7 Service Flying Training Schools at Uranquinty and Deniliquin, respectively. No. 2 SFTS was disbanded that April, and the base facilities taken over by No. 5 Aircraft Depot.
History.
RAAF aircrew training expanded dramatically following the outbreak of World War II, in response to Australia's participation in the Empire Air Training Scheme (EATS). The Air Force's pre-war flight training facility, No. 1 Flying Training School at RAAF Station Point Cook, Victoria, was supplanted in 1940–41 by twelve Elementary Flying Training Schools (EFTS), eight Service Flying Training Schools (SFTS), and Central Flying School (CFS). While CFS turned out new flight instructors, the EFTS provided basic training to prospective pilots who, if successful, would go on to SFTS for further instruction that focussed on operational (or "service") flying. The course at SFTS typically consisted of two streams, intermediate and advanced, and included such techniques as instrument flying, night flying, advanced aerobatics, formation flying, dive bombing, and aerial gunnery. The total duration of training varied during the war as demand for aircrew rose and fell. Initially running for 16 weeks, the course was cut to 10 weeks (which included 75 hours flying time) in October 1940. A year later it was raised to 12 weeks (including 100 hours flying time), and again to 16 weeks two months later. It continued to increase after this, peaking at 28 weeks in June 1944.
No. 2 Service Flying Training School (No. 2 SFTS) was formed at RAAF Station Forest Hill, near Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, on 1 July 1940, and came under the control of No. 2 Training Group. Along with No. 5 Service Flying Training School and the later No. 1 Basic Flying Training School, at the neighbouring RAAF Station Uranquinty, No. 2 SFTS was one of the so-called "Wagga Flying Training Schools", which together graduated over 3,000 pilots in the 1940s and '50s. The unit's inaugural commanding officer was Wing Commander (subsequently Group Captain) Frederick Scherger, whose strict discipline and German ancestry quickly earned his establishment the nickname "Scherger's Concentration Camp". Scherger also served as station commander. One of the school's instructors was Flying Officer Bill Newton, later to be awarded the Victoria Cross for bombing raids in New Guinea. Forest Hill was a new air base, and roads and buildings were still under construction when its first course of flying training commenced with Avro Ansons on 29 July. One of the Ansons crashed in August, killing its instructor and a student. Later that month the second flying course began, on CAC Wirraways. The school was then reorganised into Initial and Advanced Squadrons. On 29 September, two Ansons collided in mid-air and became locked together. Both navigators bailed out, to be followed shortly afterwards by the injured pilot of the lower aircraft. The pilot of the upper Anson, however, found that he was able to control the interlocked aircraft using his ailerons and flaps, coupled with the engine power of the Anson underneath. He then managed to make a successful emergency landing in a paddock near the town of Brocklesby.
No. 2 SFTS was reported as having achieved its nominal strength of 1,100 personnel, including 160 students, in October 1940. By this time up to 2,000 flights per month were said to be taking place, 150 of them at night, with instructors completing up to 90 hours flying time per week. The school underwent further reorganisation in February 1941 with the establishment of Intermediate Squadron; successful students from this unit were awarded their wings before proceeding to Advanced Squadron. Another new unit, Maintenance Squadron, formed in March. From this point on, No. 2 SFTS phased out its Ansons, as single-engined and multi-engined aircraft training was split up on orders of the RAAF Air Board. By the end of July, only Wirraways were in operation, their numbers eventually reaching 96. A Wirraway crashed during an instrument training flight on 29 August, killing both pilots. In October, Scherger was posted to take over RAAF Station Darwin, Northern Territory, from Group Captain Charles "Moth" Eaton, who in turn assumed command of No. 2 SFTS. Like Scherger, Eaton also served as Forest Hill's station commander. Following the outbreak of the Pacific War in December 1941, the school's Wirraways were classified as Second Line (Reserve) aircraft in the defence of Australia, while the base was fortified with sandbags, trenches, and gun pits. On 1 January 1942, No. 60 Squadron was established at Forest Hill from No. 2 SFTS aircraft and personnel. Equipped with 18 Wirraways, the unit formed part of the expansion of the Australian military in response to the rapid Japanese advance in the first month of the Pacific War. A contingent of 68 WAAAFs also began arriving at Forest Hill in January.
The Air Board subsequently rationalised EATS facilities in southern New South Wales, dividing the staff and aircraft of No. 2 SFTS between Nos. 5 and 7 Service Flying Training Schools at nearby RAAF Stations Uranquinty and Deniliquin, respectively. Eaton remained in command of the school until shortly before its disbandment on 3 April 1942. No. 2 SFTS had suffered a total of four serious accidents in Ansons and eleven in Wirraways, resulting in the deaths of three instructors and four students. Out of some 600 entrants, just over 550 pilots graduated from the school, among them Clive Caldwell, later to become Australia's leading fighter ace of the war, and future Prime Minister John Gorton. No. 60 Squadron was also disbanded on 3 April, after a brief career during which its activities had been limited to training exercises. The base facilities were taken over by No. 5 Aircraft Depot, responsible for maintenance of RAAF airframes, engines and other equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="31077107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077107" title="Brenthia gregori">
Brenthia gregori

Brenthia gregori is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Cuba and the Virgin Islands.
The length of the forewings is about 5.5 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31077138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077138" title="CgeTV">
CgeTV

CgeTV was a user-generated video channel and current internet video-sharing website created by ABS-CBN Interactive. On cable, CgeTV aired exclusively on SkyCable Digital channel 72. On the internet, CgeTV can be accessed through www.cge.tv and users can upload and watch their own videos (sometimes videos may air on the channel), similar to the popular video website YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="31077140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077140" title="Brenthia confluxana">
Brenthia confluxana

Brenthia confluxana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Brazil, Trinidad, Cuba, Jamaica and Dominica.
The length of the forewings is 3.9-4.1 mm for males and 4-4.8 mm for females.

</doc>
<doc id="31077144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077144" title="1964 East-Pakistan riots">
1964 East-Pakistan riots

The 1964 East Pakistan Genocide refers to the massacre and ethnic cleansing of Bengali Hindus from East Pakistan in the wake of an alleged theft of what was believed to be the Prophet's hair from the Hazratbal shrine in Jammu and Kashmir in India. The salient feature of the genocide was its urban nature and selective targeting of Bengali Hindu owned industries and merchant establishments in the capital city of Dhaka. The genocide resulted in unending waves of Bengali Hindu refugees in neighbouring West Bengal. The refugee rehabilitation became a national problem in India, and hundreds of refugees were resettled in Dandakaranya in Madhya Pradesh.
Background.
On 27 December 1963, the hair of Muhammad went missing from the Hazratbal Shrine in Srinagar in India. There were mass protests in Jammu and Kashmir over the disappearance of the relic. In East Pakistan, Abdul Hai, a member of the Advisory Committee of the Islamic Board declared jihad against Hindus and other non-Muslims of East Pakistan. While returning to Islamabad, the President of Pakistan Ayub Khan made a statement at the Dhaka airport that he won't be responsible for any reaction in Pakistan in response to the Hazratbal incident. The Pakistan Convention Muslim League declared 'Kashmir Day' on 3 January 1964. On 4 January 1964, the relic was discovered and the miscreants were arrested. However, the next day Pakistan Radio described the discovered relic as fake.
Genocide.
Khulna.
Abdus Sabur Khan, the Communications Minister of Pakistan, had forcibly occupied 30 bighas of land from one Rupchand Biswas, a Hindu landowner from Matikhali in 1960 and erected a three-storeyed building in it. Rupchand Biswas instituted a case against Khan which the latter lost. The court decreed Abdus Sabur Khan to pay 135,000 rupees. He approached Biswas for an out of the court settlement which he refused. In the meanwhile, Majid Mian, the nominee of Abdus Sabur Khan lost in the district council elections. After the loss, Khan and his party members including the Chairman of Chamkuri Union Board held the Hindus responsible for the defeat and began to threat them with dire consequences. During this time the Hazratbal incident took place. Khan used the opportunity to teach the Hindus a lesson.
On 2 January 1964, the Hindus were not allowed to wear shoes, use umbrellas or ride a rickshaw as a mark of mourning for the loss of relic. In the afternoon, processions in Khulna mourning the loss of relic, went around the town shouting "Kill the Hindus". After 4 hours of mayhem, curfew was imposed in Khulna at 8 pm. At around 4 pm, attacks on Hindus started. After 4 hours of mayhem, curfew was imposed in Khulna at 8 pm. 3 January was declared as "Kashmir Day" by the Pakistan Convention Muslim League. A general strike was declared in Khulna. Abdus Sabur Khan addressed a huge gathering at Daulatpur industrial area in the outskirts of Khulna. Thousands of Muslims, mostly Biharis, armed with deadly weapons assembled at Daulatpur to listen to Khan. Khan delivered a rabidly anti-Hindu and anti-India speech, where he described the Hazratbal incident as a Hindu conspiracy. Immediately after the meeting, a 20,000 strong Muslim crowd spread out in the neighbouring localities of Senhati, Maheshwarpasha, Pabla, Chandani Mal and Daulatpur and began to loot Hindu properties and set them on fire. Many Hindus were killed or brutally assaulted. A section of the mob marched towards Khulna, disrupting rail and road traffic reaching the town at sunset. For the next four days an orgy of loot, arson, murder, rape and abduction continued in Khulna. The violence against the Hindus were led by the Muslim workers of Khulna Shipyard, Dada Co., Ispahani Co., and Kata Co. Soleman, the Chairman of Loppur Union supplied the attackers with firearms. About 200-300 Bengali Hindus were massacred at the Khulna Launch Ghat by Muslim marauders. All the villages along the road from Khulna to Chalna were destroyed. On 4 January, the violence spread to Mongla. An estimated 300 Hindus were either killed or injured at Mongla port.
Abdus Sabur Khan addressed three more meetings at Rampal. Leaflets were distributed, warning of terrible riots in Pakistan and annihilation of the Hindus. The Hindus were warned to leave Pakistan immediately. At Loppur Bazar, he addressed another gathering, where he said that he would make shoes out of Hindu skin, torn from their back. Once the violence escalated, Khan became occupied with the marriage of his niece. The marriage was attended by Abdul Moniem Khan, the Governor of East Pakistan, Kazi Abdul Kadar, member of National Assembly and former member of East Pakistan legislative assembly. Arabinda Bhattacharya, a reputed pleader of Khulna, repeatedly rang Khan for taking necessary action, by every time he excused himself by citing his unavailability due his niece's marriage.
Dhaka.
On 13 January, a meeting was held at the Dhaka stadium regarding the Hazratbal incident. On 14 and 15 January, Hindu passengers in the mail trains arriving at Dhaka from Chittagong and Sirajganj was asked to get down at Tongi and Tejgaon. Those who refused to get down were slaughtered. On 15 January, a Muslim mob arrived at 20, Nawabpur Road, entered the house and struck off the head of the priest and desecrated the images of Radha Krishna. Four male members of the house were killed. The Das Studio on Nawabpur Road was looted and burnt to ashes. On the night of 15 January, the Hindu houses of Nagarkhanpur were attacked and looted. On 15 January, the Ramakrishna Mission at Tikatuli was burnt. Three buildings, seven huts, one temple, one charitable hospital, one library and one students' hostel were completely destroyed. Two Hindus were stabbed to death. On 16 January, Krishna De of Central Bank, Pran Kumar De of United Industrial Bank and another Hindu employee of Baroda Bank were fleeing in a car after hiding in the bank premises for two days. Their car was stopped and they were killed. The F.M.E School, public library, Vivekananda Physical Club and the Hiralal Lohia Charitable Hospital at Hiralal Sewagram were burnt. Truckloads of dead bodies were brought to the hospitals from where they were sent to the burial grounds. Hundreds of Hindus were buried with military escorts. Even the identified bodies were not returned to their relatives. In Rayerbazar, the Kumbhakars were attacked by the Bihari Muslims from Mohammadpur and the Noakhali Muslims from the Hazaribagh tanneries. Each and every house were set on fire. 96 Bengali Hindus were killed in the massacre. Many women were raped and many young girls were abducted. The locality was ethnically cleansed of Bengali Hindus and renamed to Zafrabad. Bani Bhaban, a Hindu boy's hostel at Ishwar Das Lane was broken into and completely looted. The boys escaped and took shelter in a relief camp. Nari Shiksha Mandir was attacked, where Abani Guha Roy, the head clerk was killed and Jagajiban Bose, a senior teacher was stabbed. In localities like Tikatuli and Wari, the walls were painted with slogans like "Kill Hindus", "Hindu Marwari Maro" etc.
On 18 January, The Daily Ittefaq reported that 95% of the ruined houses belong to the Hindus in old Dhaka and about 100,000 Hindus were rendered homeless in Dhaka city. On 18 January, the 24 hour curfew was imposed, with troops patrolling the streets. The curfew was later extended till 8 am on 19 January.
Narayanganj.
Karim, the General Manager of the Adamjee Group declared a holiday in the Adamjee Jute Mills on the 13th and 14 January and spread a rumour that his brother had been killed in Kolkata. On the night of 13 January, the workers of the Adamjee Jute Mills attacked the Hindu quarters, mostly inhabited by the workers of Dhakeshwari Cotton Mills No. 2 and set the Hindu houses on fire. Satyen Roy, the Manager of Dhakeshwari Cotton Mill No. 2 called Sunil Bose, the Managing Director at 3 am and reported that the mill was on fire and asked for police and military. Early in the morning at about 5 AM, 20,000 workers of Adamjee Jute Mills broke into the compound of Dhakeshwari Cotton Mills No. 2 and resorted to indiscriminate looting, arson and murder. More than 700 Hindus, men, women and children were massacred. Several women were abducted. At about 7 AM about 2,000 to 3,000 Hindu men, women and children rushed to the compound of Lakshminarayan Cotton Mills for safety. The mill was stopped and the workers rushed outside and closed the gates. Thousands of Hindus had assembled outside the gates, seeking shelter and the gates had to be opened to let them in. By 9 AM around 10,000 Hindus had taken shelter in the compound. Soon after a 2,000 strong Muslim mob armed with lathis and iron rods broke in and launched a severe assault on the hapless people in which three persons died and about a dozen were injured. The house of Kshetranath Ghosh was attacked and looted. His family took shelter inside the mills. The police arrived at 4 PM and provided a protection of 20 policemen. Within half an hour there was another attack in the outer compound in which one worker was killed. By the evening about 25,000 Hindus taken shelter in the compound of Lakshminarayan Cotton Mills. The Hindus who took refuge in the mill premises were without food for four days till 20 January. Professor Richard Novak of Notre Dame College went to Narayanganj to take photographs of mass violence. He was stabbed to death at Lakhadgola, near the Adarsha Cotton Mills.
Dhaka district.
Hundreds of villages all around Dhaka city were burnt to ashes. On 14 January, Gosthabihari Saha, a well known businessman of Narayanganj was killed and his printing press Satyasadhana was looted and set on fire. In the village of Panchasar, the miscreants killed Renubala Pain along with her two children and Shobharani Basu along with her two daughters. In the village of Narasinghi, 350 Hindu houses were burnt down. One Bimala Sundari Pal was ruthlessly killed. Sixteen members of the family of Barada Prasad Ray, the Union Board President of Maiman village were killed. All the houses in the Hindu village of Murapara and burnt. Seventeen women were burnt to death. In the village of Bhulta about 250 Hindus were mercilessly killed and seventeen burnt alive. 
On 17 February, 623 Hindus were killed in Golakandail Union Council in Rupganj in Narayanganj sub-division. Some Muslim hooligans attacked Haran Ghosh's house at Ghoshpara, Narsingdi and set fire. There after they looted and set fire all the houses at Ghoshpara, Mudakpara(Kuripara), Baulpara, Paittalpara. Hooligans could not cross C & B road to enter other densely populated Hindu areas surrounding Narsingdi bazar as Muslims, mainly from Tekpara, resisted hooligans. People from disturbed villages took shelter at Narsingdi College building and some privately arranged houses under the care of some influential Muslims. In the Narayanganj sub-division alone about 3,500 Hindus were killed, 300 Hindu women were abducted, 31,000 Hindu dwellings were destroyed as a result of which 80,000 Hindus from 151 villages were rendered homeless.
Rajshahi.
After the Hazratbal incident, the Hindu students hostel of East Pakistan University of Engineering and Technology were pelted with stones every night. The Muslim students owing allegiance to the Jamaat-e-Islami began to call the Hindu students Indian spies. All the Hindu villagers in the village of Mainam near Nagaon in Rajshahi district, except two little girls were massacred. Anti-Hindu violence took place in Durusha, where the Santhals were targeted.
Sylhet.
In Sylhet, the Hindus were forced to close their shops during Ramadan and kirtan was prohibited for 24 hours. In the 35 odd tea gardens of Sylhet, the Hindu workers were pressed to convert to Islam. They were asked to take beef in lieu of mutton. On the day of Eid ul-Fitr, Basudev Sharma, who was considered a guru by thousands of Hindu workers, was forced to take beef.
Mymensingh.
Lands belonging to Garo and Hajong people were grabbed in Nalitabari, Kamalakanda, Durgapur, Halughat and Sreebardi areas of the then Mymensingh district.
Repressive measures.
On 12 January 1964, the East Pakistan government promulgated the East Pakistan Disturbed Persons (Rehabilition) Ordinance (I of 1964), that prohibited the sale of immovable property by any Hindu. When the exodus started, the Hindus had no other option that to leave their properties and flee to India. Their assets were subsequently misappropriated by vested quarters of the Muslim leadership. The ordinance was challenged at the Dhaka High Court by Chittaranjan Sutar, where the government of East Pakistan lost the case.
Manoranjan Dhar, advocate of Dhaka High Court, former Finance Minister of East Pakistan and General Secretary of Pakistan National Congress was arrested from his residence in Mymensingh. Pulin De, a professor, former member of East Pakistan legislative assembly and Secretary of Pakistan Socialist Party was arrested from Dhalghat in Chittagong.
Press censorship.
The press reports were heavily censored in Pakistan. Photography was prohibited. The Pakistan government imposed censorship on The Daily Ittefaq and Pakistan Observer for their unbiased reporting. In protest five dailies of East Pakistan stopped publication. When Reuters reported that over 1,000 people had been killed in Dhaka alone, Pakistan government lodged an immediate protest.
Relief.
In the afternoon of 15 January 1964, around 300 Bengali Hindus of neighbouring area, including women and children took refuge in the house of Swadesh Nag at Hemendra Das Road in Sutrapur, Dhaka. Nag arranged for a meal of rice and lentils for the refugees. Next day, the Government of East Pakistan began shifting the Hindu minorities from the disturbed areas of Dhaka in government trucks into the compound of Dhaka Court. Soon, the court premises were packed to capacity. On 17 January, the government shift many refugees to Jagannath College, where a relief camp had been opened. At the Jagannath College, there were around 7,000 to 10,000 refugees. However, there were no arrangement for latrines. As a result the condition of the camp soon became unhygienic. The Bengali Hindus of Tantibazar and Shankharibazar fed the refugees at the camp for two days with khichuri. During this time, some Muslim leaders of East Pakistan like Ataur Rahaman Khan, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, Mamud Ali, Zalur Hossain and Tofazzal Hossain visited the refugees. All together 25 relief camps were opened in Dhaka, out of which only one was run by the Government and the rest by private Hindu organizations. A relief camp was opened at Jagannath Hall of Dhaka University where 800 people including three legislators of the East Pakistan assembly took shelter. According to Dhaka newspapers there were around 30,000 people in 20 relief camps.
Exodus.
Thousands of Hindus arrived in India as refugees. Everyday about 5,000 to 6,000 Hindus queued up in front of the Indian embassy in Dhaka to emigrate to India. But only 300 to 400 used to get the permit. As a result of this migration, Khulna, the only Hindu-majority district in East Pakistan became a Muslim-majority district. Large scale influx of Hindu refugees occurred in Jalpaiguri as a result of the oppression on the Indian chitmahals within East Pakistan by the East Pakistan Rifles. On 2 March, The Globe and Mail reported that thousands of Hindus eager to emigrate to India are stranded in Dhaka.
More than 75,000 refugees, of which about 35,000 were Christians, from East Pakistan arrived into Assam within one and half months since the genocide began. The refugees, mostly Garos, Hajongs and Dalus from Mymensingh took refuge in Garo Hills in Assam, now in Meghalaya. The Observer reported that 12 provisional camps have been set up at Tura in the Garo Hills for the 50,000 refugees. Lakshmi Menon, the Deputy Foreign Minister of India stated at the Lok Sabha that a column of 1,000 refugees from Mymensingh had been fired at by the East Pakistan Rifles, while they were crossing over to India.
Relief and rehabilitation in India.
In India, the refugees were provided relief in temporary relief camps in Assam, West Bengal and Tripura. Later they were provided rehabilitation in different parts of India. 6,000 Chakmas were provided shelter at a relief camp in Silchar. 12 provisional camps were set up at Tura in Garo Hills to provide relief to around 50,000 Garos and other tribals from East Pakistan.
Depiction in culture.
Amitav Ghosh's 1988 English novel The Shadow Lines has the genocide as the underlying theme. Across Borders by Shuvashree Ghosh also has the genocide as the underlying theme. "Chhimchhangar Duta Par", a 1965 Assamese novel by Umakanta Sharma has the persecution and subsequent exodus of Garos from East Pakistan during the genocide as the central theme. "Chitra Nadir Pare", a 1999 Bengali film by Bangladeshi filmmaker Tanvir Mokammel has the genocide in the backdrop.

</doc>
<doc id="31077157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077157" title="Brenthia cubana">
Brenthia cubana

Brenthia cubana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Cuba.
The length of the forewings is about 3.5 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31077158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077158" title="Netball in Samoa">
Netball in Samoa

Netball in Samoa is a popular game, usually played by girls on Saturdays during the winter, though games can be played at all times of the year. The sport started to grow in popularity during the 1970s. The popularity of netball is also growing amongst men on the island. 
International competition.
Samoa and Fiji are traditional netball rivals. This rivalry can be seen at events like Pacific Games.
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked ninth in the world.
Samoa has a men's national team that has competed in the 2009 and 2011 International Challenge Men’s and Mixed Netball Tournament.
At Gay Games VI, a transgendered netball from Samoa competed.
Notable players.
Rita Fatialofa is a Samoan netball player, who later went on to compete on New Zealand's national team. She became the coach for the Samoan national team, qualifying them for every Pacific Games, as well as 1991 and 1995 Netball World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31077171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077171" title="Brenthia elongata">
Brenthia elongata

Brenthia elongata is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
The length of the forewings is about 4 mm for males and 3.5-3.7 mm for females.
The larvae possibly feed on "Paullinia pinnata".

</doc>
<doc id="31077175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077175" title="Breusch">
Breusch

Breusch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31077179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077179" title="Muhammad Saeed Sayf">
Muhammad Saeed Sayf

Muhammad Saeef Sayd is a Yemeni writer. His fiction piece "Waiting" has been translated into English and appeared in a 1988 anthology of modern Arabian literature.

</doc>
<doc id="31077181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077181" title="Zlatko Kopljar">
Zlatko Kopljar

Zlatko Kopljar (born, 1962 in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a contemporary artist living and working in Zagreb, Croatia. He works in a variety of different media including photography, video and performance.
The artist always maintains a performative element, either in the production or presentation of the artwork. Since the 90s, Kopljar has called his works constructions which relates both to the constructive relationships within the work, and to the constructive space created in the relationships between the work and its viewers. The works are then titled in numerical order, K1, K2, etc. with 'K' standing for construction (konstrukcija).
He has had many group and solo exhibitions (since 1990) in Croatia and abroad. He has exhibited at the São Paulo Art Biennial (2005), the Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art (Rijeka, 2005), the Museum of Contemporary Art (Zagreb, 2005, 2010), The Kitchen (New York, 2003), Gallery Manes (Prague, 2002) and the exhibition "From the K Series" was held at the Museum of Contemporary Art (Novi Sad, 2010). His works are kept in the collections of the Museums of Contemporary Art in Zagreb and Rijeka, as well as in many private collections. He won the Franklin Furnace Grant for Performance in New York (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="31077185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077185" title="Barnsley by-election">
Barnsley by-election

Barnsley by-election may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31077198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077198" title="Netball in the Solomon Islands">
Netball in the Solomon Islands

Netball in the Solomon Islands is a popular sport, usually played by girls on Saturdays during the winter, though games can be played at all times of the year.
National Competitions.
The Our Telekom InterProvincial netball competition was held in December 2010. Honiara won the title, and Makira took second place. At the award ceremony, Rennell and Bellona Province won the hosting rights for Islands’ 2011 U21 championships that are to be held in June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31077204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077204" title="COAG Reform Council">
COAG Reform Council

The COAG Reform Council (the council) was established by the Council of Australian Governments (COAG) as part of the arrangements for federal financial relations to assist COAG to drive its reform agenda . The council is Independent of individual governments and reports directly to COAG on reforms of national significance that require cooperative action by Australian governments.
Current Membership.
Membership of the council comprises a Chairman, Deputy Chairman, four Councillors and an Executive Councillor who is also the Head of the COAG Reform Council secretariat.

</doc>
<doc id="31077209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077209" title="Blatnik pri Črmošnjicah">
Blatnik pri Črmošnjicah

Blatnik pri Črmošnjicah (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It was inhabited by Gottschee Germans that were mostly expelled in 1941 during the Second World War. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local church is now only a ruin. It was dedicated to the Holy Cross and was a Baroque building from the mid-17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31077212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077212" title="Puthantheru">
Puthantheru

Puthantheru (പുത്തന്‍തെരു is a small town on the coastline between Tirur and Tanur Malappuram district of Kerala state, South India. Previously it was called "Theru", but as the town developed its name became "Puthantheru" ("New Street").
History.
Puthantheru was a part of the Kingdom of Tanur (Vettathunad) in medieval times. It was one of the oldest Muslim settlements of India; many mosques and Islamic sites are situated there.
People.
Over 5,000 people live Puthantheru town and vicinity. 80% people are Muslims and 19% are Hindus. 99% of the Muslim follow the Sunni branch of Islam. The major Muslim Federation is the Kerala State Sunni Students Federation (SSF) and Samastha Kerala Sunni Yuvajana Sangam (SYS).

</doc>
<doc id="31077218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077218" title="August 1923 Air Union Farman Goliath crash">
August 1923 Air Union Farman Goliath crash

The August 1923 Air Union Farman Goliath crash occurred on 27 August 1923 when a Farman F.60 Goliath of Air Union crashed at East Malling, Kent, United Kingdom following an engine failure and reported panic amongst the passengers. One person was killed and nine were injured.
Aircraft.
The aircraft involved was Farman F.60 Goliath F-AECB, c/n 4. The aircraft had entered service in April 1922 with Compagnie des Messageries Aériennes, passing to Air Union in January 1923.
Flight.
The aircraft was operating a scheduled international flight from Le Bourget Airport, Paris, France to Croydon Airport, Surrey, United Kingdom, via Berck, Pas-de-Calais, France. The aircraft departed from Le Bourget at about 12:30 local time (11:30 GMT) with two crew and eight passengers on board. A scheduled stop was made at Berck, where another three passengers boarded. Due to weather conditions, a precautionary landing was made at Lympne, Kent, where a leak in the port radiator was attended to by the mechanic.
Accident.
After a delay in excess of half an hour, the aircraft departed from Lympne for Croydon. About 45 minutes after take-off from Lympne, as the aircraft flew over East Farleigh, the starboard engine failed. The aircraft was then flying at about at an altitude of just under . The pilot altered course, intending to land at either Marden or Penshurst. As the Farman Goliath was incapable of maintaining level flight with only one engine operating, the pilot decided to make an emergency landing. He asked the mechanic to ask "two" passengers to move towards the rear of the aircraft. This instruction was apparently misunderstood by the passengers, as "four" of them moved towards the rear of the aircraft. This affected the centre of gravity of the aircraft, which then entered into a spin. It crashed at East Malling at about 17:30 GMT, but there was no fire. The aircraft was written off in the accident.
Villagers went to the assistance of the victims, and extricated them from the wreckage. One passenger was killed. Six people were taken to the West Kent Hospital, Maidstone for treatment. Two ambulances from Maidstone Ambulance Brigade attended. Three less seriously injured people were treated at a house in East Malling. An inquest opened on 30 August at the Ship Inn, East Malling. A survivor of the accident denied that there had been any panic amongst the passengers following the failure of the starboard engine, and that the moving of "four" passengers from the front cabin to the rear of the aircraft was on the instructions of the mechanic. The inquest was adjourned until 11 September to allow other victims to recover sufficiently to be able to give evidence. At the resumed inquest, the pilot gave evidence. The Coroner decided that nothing was to be gained from delaying the inquest further, and the jury returned a verdict of "accidental death" on the victim.

</doc>
<doc id="31077223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077223" title="Prochoreutis dyarella">
Prochoreutis dyarella

Prochoreutis dyarella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from North America, including California.

</doc>
<doc id="31077229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077229" title="Netball in Tonga">
Netball in Tonga

Netball in Tonga is a popular sport, usually played by girls on Saturdays during the winter, though games can be played at all times of the year. 
International competition.
In the 1990 Oceania Netball Tournament, Tonga competed along with countries like Australia, New Zealand, Fiji and the Cook Islands.
At Gay Games VI, a transgendered netball team from Tonga competed.

</doc>
<doc id="31077235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077235" title="Prochoreutis pernivalis">
Prochoreutis pernivalis

Prochoreutis pernivalis is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from North America, including British Columbia and Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31077247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077247" title="David Quilter">
David Quilter

David Quilter (born 11 June 1942) is an English actor who has made numerous appearances in British television plays and series since the mid-1960s.
He was born in Northwood, London, and attended Bryanston School, Dorset. He made his stage debut in amateur dramatic productions and then appeared in repertory theatre.
His television appearances include; "" (1967), "Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em" (1973), "The Bill" (1980–81), "Grange Hill " (2000) as Mr Arnold, "Silent Witness" (2001–03) and "Doctor Who" (2008). He also appeared in the film "The Battle of Britain" (1969) as a pilot and in "Jinnah" (1998).

</doc>
<doc id="31077248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077248" title="Holme Valley war memorial">
Holme Valley war memorial

Holme Valley War Memorial is a war memorial in the grounds of the Holme Valley Memorial Hospital Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, in England. It was unveiled in July 1921, by Colonel H. R. Headlam (Rtd), who had previously commanded the 5th Battalion, Duke of Wellington’s West Riding Regiment.
The memorial consists of a simple cross with the names of fallen soldiers inscribed on it.

</doc>
<doc id="31077249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077249" title="Netball in Vanuatu">
Netball in Vanuatu

Netball has a large amount of grassroots support in Vanuatu. Games are most often played by girls on Saturdays during the winter, though games can be played at all times of the year. Continuing growth of the game in Vanuatu was at times hampered by the fact that the sport is not an Olympic one. The Olympic Solidarity Movement provides a lot of access to funding through the International Olympic Committee. For Olympic sports, money can be tapped to help cover costs for inter-island travel for international competitions. The lack of netball being recognized meant it was hard to find money to cover these costs.

</doc>
<doc id="31077253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077253" title="Fred Osborn">
Fred Osborn

Wilferd Pearl Osborn (November 28, 1883 – September 2, 1954) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="31077255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077255" title="Lyakhov">
Lyakhov

Lyakhov is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31077270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077270" title="Caloreas apocynoglossa">
Caloreas apocynoglossa

Caloreas apocynoglossa is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from North America, including California.

</doc>
<doc id="31077278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077278" title="Wolf's Hole">
Wolf's Hole

"Wolf's Hole" () is a 1987 Czechoslovak science fiction horror film directed by Věra Chytilová. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival. The film can be characterized as moralizing horror, but may also be interpreted as an allegory for the atmosphere surrounding the normalization period.
Plot.
A group of teenagers are invited to a skiing workshop in the mountains, without being told how or why they were picked as participants. There are eleven of them, but the camp supervisors insist that there should be only ten, and that one of them is an intruder. As the group find themselves cut off from the outside world, strange things begin to happen; the supervisors seem intent to create an atmosphere of hostility, turning the participants against each other, even urging them to kill each other. The supervisors eventually reveal themselves as extraterrestrials who demand that the group pick one among them to be sacrificed. They refuse, however, and in a panic set the cottage on fire and make a narrow escape on a lift used for timber transport, leaving no man behind.
Awards and nominations.
The film was nominated for the Golden Bear for Best Film at the 1987 Berlin Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31077279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077279" title="1923 Air Union Farman Goliath crash">
1923 Air Union Farman Goliath crash

The 1923 Air Union Farman Goliath crash may refer to either of two accidents to Farman F.60 Goliath aircraft operated by Air Union.

</doc>
<doc id="31077280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077280" title="Osadchuk">
Osadchuk

Osadchuk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31077296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077296" title="Štrekljevec">
Štrekljevec

Štrekljevec (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local church is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and belongs to the Parish of Semič. It is a Baroque building dating to the second half of the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31077307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077307" title="Tanya Markova">
Tanya Markova

Tanya Markova is a Filipino rock band formed in 2006. The band is composed of Harlon Agsaoay, Angelo Del Pilar, Philipp Alejandro, Jasper Borbajo, Edson Broce, Rhan Sabas, Kix Chavez, and EJ Guevarra. The band is recognizable due to their makeup and costumes, with each member having an onstage persona.
History.
Formation.
Tanya Markuba was formed in 2004 by Harlon Agsaoay and Angelo del Pilar. Del Pilar immediately thought of an idea to combine sappy melodies and scary caricature-driven lyrics, then they decided to compose songs filled with sarcasm, idiocy, and childish ramblings. During those times the song they've created were only meant to be a joke with nonsensical titles. It took several months before they could find members who would agree to their concept, and almost 2 years to complete the line-up and perform live onstage.
Tragedy and hiatus.
The band was on their lowest point on September 9, 2009 due to the unexpected death of Jollybee Borbajo a.k.a. Sugar K. Due to this sudden loss, the band declared a hiatus in order to deal with the emotional experience and to think about the band's direction. In December 2009, EJ Guevarra went back to Manila to play lead guitar for Tanya Markova once again. He was actually Tanya Markova’s original guitarist (Sugar K. previously played drums before switching to guitars when Rufa Mae Milby decided to join) and was able to play in a few gigs and became involved on Tanya Markova’s first few demos but he decided to go back to Bacolod due to personal and work reasons. And when Sugar K. died, he was the only guitarist on their mind that could fill his shoes. EJ Guevarra decided to don the Jennylyn Sucaldito suit again.
MCA Music and "Tanya Markova" (2010).
On January 19, 2010 the band were signed by MCA Music Philippines (whose OPM line-up includes top brass artists like Chicosci, Urbandub, Pedicab, The Dawn and Franco among others). On April 12, 2010 the band released their self-titled debut album Tanya Markova under MCA Music. Their carrier single ""Picture Picture"" was a success and also their most popular song to date. The next two singles ""Disney"" and ""Linda Blair"" was also a success for the band.
Band's name.
The band got their name from Filipina actress Tanya Garcia and the last name from Dolphy's gay movie character Markova. It's also a coincidence that an anagram of "Tanya Markova" is ""Natay Karovam"" or ""Natay Karubam"", an Ilokano word which means "Dead Neighbor".

</doc>
<doc id="31077309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077309" title="Ivy Alvarez">
Ivy Alvarez

Ivy Alvarez is an award-winning Filipino Australian poet, editor, and reviewer currently residing in Wales. A prolific writer, Alvarez has had her work featured in various publications in Australia, Canada, England, the Philippines, Ireland, Russia, Scotland, Wales, the USA, South Africa, and online.
Biography.
Alvarez was born in the Philippines and grew up in Tasmania, Australia. While reading English at the University of Tasmania, she was published in various literary journals and anthologies, and subsequently became the reviews editor of "Cordite Poetry Review", an Australian online poetry journal. In 2000, she won the Great Age Melbourne Writers Festival Poetry Slam.
She moved to Aberdeen in 2002 and lived in Dublin between 2003 and 2004. In 2004, she was awarded a bursary from the Scottish Arvon Foundation and became the Special Poetry Guest to Dublin’s Trinity College/Florida International University poetry summer program. She moved to Cardiff in 2004. During the same year, her poem "earth", which first appeared in the anthology "Moorilla Mosaic: Contemporary Tasmanian Writing", was included in the Australian/Pacific Region Literacy Placement Test for Scholarships. Alvarez was awarded fellowships from MacDowell Colony (New Hampshire, USA) and Hawthornden Castle (Scotland) in 2005.
In 2006, she edited "A Slice of Cherry Pie", a chapbook anthology inspired by David Lynch's TV show, Twin Peaks. That same year, she received a grant from Wales Arts International which enabled her to travel to Sydney and participate in The Red Room Company’s "The Poetry Picture Show".
Her first poetry collection, "Mortal", was released in 2006 by US publisher Red Morning Press. Craig Santos Perez, writing for "Boxcar Poetry Review", called it "an incredible first collection" whose "casual tone, visceral imagery, and surprising figurative language keeps the reader engaged throughout."
In late 2006, Alvarez received The Australia Council Literature Board grant for poetry. She was invited on a writing residency by Fundación Valparaíso in Spain for April 2008, followed by a writing residency at the Booranga Writers Centre at Charles Sturt University in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales.
Alvarez was a Visiting Lecturer at the University of Chester in 2010 and a featured reader at Worcester College and Winchester University.
In May 2011, she spent two weeks at the Seoul Art Space (Yeonhui) and gave readings as a member of the Oz-Ko Tour of Korea. Her poem “Hold” was published and discussed in the Poetry Workshop section of The Guardian on November 4, 2011.
Alvarez has been a guest at numerous writing festivals, including the National Young Writers' Festival in Newcastle, New South Wales. As a performer of her work, she has been Artiste-in-Residence for Australia's SBS radio and TV network. Her poetry has been featured on the audio compilations "FlightPaths", "Going Down Swinging" and "You Have Been Chosen". In addition to poetry, she also writes plays, articles, and reviews. Alvarez was awarded funding for her second poetry manuscript from both the Australia Council and the Welsh Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="31077320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077320" title="Netball in Brunei">
Netball in Brunei

Netball is a sport available to girls in physical education classes in Brunei.
The national team is competing in its first ever international tournament the 2012 Asian Netball Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31077328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077328" title="Tarrant Rawston">
Tarrant Rawston

Tarrant Rawston is a hamlet and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southern England. It is named after the River Tarrant which flows through the parish. It has a small church, built of flint and stone, which is situated within the garden of the neighbouring farmhouse. Surrounding the village are many pre-historic barrows.

</doc>
<doc id="31077337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077337" title="Shards of a Broken Crown">
Shards of a Broken Crown

Shards of a Broken Crown is a 1998 fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist, the fourth and final book of his Serpentwar Saga and the twelfth book of his Riftwar cycle.
Synopsis.
Thanks to an enemy general who has a change of heart now that the enemy leaders are gone, the reclamation of the western realm of the Kingdom is made easier - but not by much - with Kesh threatening Krondor and the Eastern Armies returning to the east. On top of that, a new evil is unleashed by the enemy, with the dead rising and fighting the Kingdom forces. Pug, Tomas, Nakor and Miranda must defeat the enemy magicians and their unnatural allies for the Kingdom to survive.
Plot.
General Fadawah has sent Duko to hold Krondor with his army. Jimmy and Dash are sent to Krondor to recover information. They discover Malar, a man who's barely survived during the winter. They are found by a patrol, and separated. Dash is captured and pressed into a work-gang rebuilding Krondor. He escapes with Gustaf and Talwin into the sewers, where they are found by the Mockers. Meanwhile, Jimmy manages to sneak into the city and is discovered by Duko's men. Duko reveals he wants to turn coat. Jimmy is sent back to Darkmoor to relay this information. Dash is also set free, with the promise from his great-uncle - leader of the Mockers Lysle Rigger - that all Mockers will be pardoned for helping in the capturing of Krondor.
Jimmy tells Patrick of their peace offering. Patrick is initially furious at this, but Duke Arutha convinces him otherwise. Duko swears fealty to Patrick, and then retakes Krondor. Erik von Darkmoor is sent north to scout Sarth with Roo, as he can get in without questioning. Jimmy is sent south to Duko, now Duke of the Southern Marches, at Port Vykor. Dash is made Sheriff of Krondor and appoints 40 constables as the new city watch.
Erik and Roo find John Vinci, Roo's trading partner. They discover what they want, and leave Roo to take the only ship in the harbour. They discover Lord Vasarius's wealth on it. As they leave, a Quegan galley charges them. Kingdom ships soon intercepts and sink both ships, with Roo and Vasarius surviving. Arutha is sent with Captain Subai's pathfinders and a group of Crimson Eagles to infiltrate Sarth's abbey. They fight through it and capture most of the force. However, Arutha is killed.
Erik and Greylock then charge Sarth and take it quickly. Afterwards, they march up and find the road heavily fortified. Erik and Pathfinders infiltrate the camp and cause enough confusion to open the gates and win quickly. On their way to Port Vykor, Malar poisons Jimmy and leaves him to die. However, a patrol finds Jimmy, and he is healed. They then ride to stop Malar as he has notes that reveal Krondor's weaknesses to Kesh. They discover him amongst 20 soldiers. They lead a surprise attack, where only one Keshian officer escapes. They ride back to Port Vykor.
Meanwhile, two of Dash's constables have been killed and dumped in front of the jail. Dash discovers through Talwin they were Kingdom agents. Dash seeks help of the Mockers to find the culprits.

</doc>
<doc id="31077341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077341" title="Litobrenthia">
Litobrenthia

Litobrenthia is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="31077345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077345" title="Bengi Ali of Karaman">
Bengi Ali of Karaman

Ali of Karaman (also known as Bengi Ali) was the ruler () of Karamanids in what is now modern Turkey in the 15th century .
Karamanids.
Karamanid was a Turkmen state in central Anatolia after the disintegration of Seljuq Sultanate of Rûm. The capital of Karamanid state was usually Karaman (ancient Larende, renamed by the Karamanids) and sometimes Konya and other cities as well. It was the main rival of the rising Ottoman Empire.
Background.
Ali was the younger brother of Mehmed II of Karaman. In 1398, Bayezid I of the Ottoman Empire conquered the Karamanid state and jailed Mehmed and Ali. But in 1402, Bayezid himself was defeated by Timur in the battle of Ankara and the two brothers were set free with a permission from Timur to reign on former Karamanid territory. Timur also gave them a few forts in addition to their former possessions. While Mehmed acquired most of Karamanid territory, Ali had to content with Niğde, a city at the east of Karamanid territory. Although Ali was a vassal of his brother, soon he began acting independently. But he was no match for his brother and in 1415 he escaped to Mamluk Sultanate in Egypt.
First reign.
In 1420 Mehmed tried to capture the city of Kayseri from the Dulkadirids, which was a vassal of Mamluk Sultanate. Mamluks intervened and Mehmed was defeated. Mamluks arrested Mehmed and supported Ali to gain the possessions of his brother. Ali began reigning on the Karamanid territory with the exception of Konya, the most important city of Karamanids. However Ali's reign was short. Because in 1421 Mehmed was released by the new Mamluk sultan Seyfettin Tatar. Mehmed returned to Anatolia and conquered his former possessions. Ali returned to Niğde.
Second reign.
In 1423 Mehmed died during the siege of Antalya. This gave Ali a second chance to reign. The second reign was also short. Mehmed's son Ibrahim who was supported by the Ottomans defeated his uncle in 1424. However İbrahim chose to make piece with his uncle by giving him extra possession as iqta in addition to Niğde.

</doc>
<doc id="31077349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077349" title="Solar-Powered Aircraft Developments Solar One">
Solar-Powered Aircraft Developments Solar One

The Solar-Powered Aircraft Developments Solar One is a British mid-wing, experimental, manned solar-powered aircraft that was designed by David Williams and produced by Solar-Powered Aircraft Developments under the direction of Freddie To and first flown on 13 June 1979. It was the third solar-powered aircraft to fly, after the unmanned AstroFlight Sunrise and the manned Mauro Solar Riser.
Design and development.
Freddie To was a member of the Kremer prize committee who started a project to produce a human-powered aircraft to compete for the prize. The resulting aircraft, at , proved too heavy for human-powered flight and so was converted to solar power instead. A nose-mounted pod powerplant was installed consisting of four permanent magnet 36 volt DC, 12 amp Bosch electric motors, powered by 750 solar cells of 3 inch diameter and a Nickel-cadmium battery pack of 24 cells with a 25 amp hour capacity, connected in series. The motors are connected by a 3:1 bicycle chain reduction drive to a wooden two-bladed propeller, which turns at a maximum of 1,100 rpm, decreasing with battery discharge. The engines are controlled with a simple on/off switch. For flight the aircraft used its on-board solar cells to recharge the battery array on the ground and then the batteries provided power for flight as the aircraft had insufficient solar cells for sustained flight. This shortcoming was not a design feature, but a problem of the cost of the solar cells as the limited project budget of £16,000 did not allow the purchase of sufficient cells. The 750 installed solar cells cost £6,000 and were the most expensive part of the aircraft.
The Solar One is constructed of a wooden structure covered with heat-shrunk Solarfilm model aircraft covering. The wing was built in three sections, a centre section and two outer wing panels to simply storage and transport. The wing spar is a laminated spruce girder box-spar design. The tail surfaces are quickly removable for storage.
The installed batteries provide for a climb of eight minutes plus a two-minute cruise allowance.
Operational history.
The aircraft's first flight occurred at Lasham Airfield, Hampshire, United Kingdom and covered just under . The pilot was Ken Stewart and the aircraft lifted off at and reached and in height. A second flight on the same day by Bill Maidment achieved a speed of . All flights were made on battery power that had been recharged on the ground from the installed solar cells.
An intended flight across the English Channel was abandoned when the aircraft did not reach intended endurance targets.

</doc>
<doc id="31077357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077357" title="Netball in Hong Kong">
Netball in Hong Kong

In 1994, the 1st Asian Youth Championship were held in Hong Kong. Hong Kong had a national team compete in the fifth Asian Netball Championships held in Colombo, Sri Lanka in 2001. Hong Kong competed in the 7th Asian Youth Netball Championship held in 2010 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="31077386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077386" title="Brenthia">
Brenthia

Brenthia is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="31077395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077395" title="Georg Tysland">
Georg Tysland

Georg Jacob Tysland (13 February 1890 – 14 February 1932) was a Norwegian engineer.
He was born in Kristiania as a son of colonel Lars Jørgen Tysland (1848–1911) and Marie Cathrine Sandberg (1862–1942), and was a grandson of Ole Rømer Sandberg and cousin of Ole Rømer Sandberg. He grew up in Kristiania and Bergen, and graduated from Bergen Technical School in 1908 before finishing his secondary education at Bergen Cathedral School in 1910. He graduated from the University of Liège in 1913.
He was a manager at Tinfos Jernverk from 1913 to 1916, and then spent half a year in the United States, a stay interrupted by rheumatic fever. Back in Norway he established Skaland Grafittverk in 1918, was hired in the Ministry of Trade in 1921 and then in Fiskaa Verk in 1922. He was hired to experiment with new furnaces, and in 1929 the Tysland-Hole Furnace was ready for use. Tysland worked at Christiania Spigerverk from 1924 to 1927, Bremanger Smelteverk from 1927 to 1931, then Skaland Grafittverk from 1931 to his death from heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="31077396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077396" title="Netball in India">
Netball in India

Women started playing netball in India as early as 1926. The Sports Authority of India and the Government of India have provided a lot of funding with the goal of improving the performance of the country's youth national team. India had a national team compete in the fifth Asian Netball Championships in Colombo, Sri Lanka in 2001. National team captains include Prachi Tehlan, who captained the side that competed in the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi.
Some of the important netball competitions held in India include:
Some of the top performances for the India national netball team include:
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number twenty-five in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31077397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077397" title="Nieves Navarro">
Nieves Navarro

Nieves Navarro García (born November 11, 1938 in Almería, Spain) is a retired Spanish-born Italian actress and fashion model. Navarro worked extensively in Italian cinema appearing alongside actors such as Totò and Lino Banfi in the 1960s and 70s. She later adopted the Americanized stage name Susan Scott for many of her productions after 1969. 
Navarro was also one of the first female stars of the Spaghetti Western genre making her feature film debut in "A Pistol for Ringo" and its sequel "The Return of Ringo" along with later appearances in "The Big Gundown" (1966), "Long Days of Vengeance" (1967), "Light the Fuse... Sartana Is Coming" (1970) and "Adiós, Sabata" (1971). In 1972, she married to the Italian director and producer Luciano Ercoli, starring in many of his productions up until the early-1980s, and was familiar for her erotically-themed roles in giallo and sex comedies. She went into semi-retirement after 1983, making two last films in 1989. In recent years, she has returned to live in her native Spain with her husband.
Career.
Navarro's career began as advertising and fashion model. The introduction of television in Spain in 1956 led to further appearances in commercials and other work in the industry during the next few years. She began her career as a film actress in Italy alongside Totò in the Lawrence of Arabia parody "Totò d'Arabia" (1965), a Spanish-Italian co-production, in which she played Doris, a beautiful spy in the service of the British SIS, who charms the Sheik of Kuwait El Ali el Buzur (Fernando Sancho) and allows Totò to use her to drive the one hundred wives of Sheik jealous.
Her early work in films took place in the Spaghetti Westerns that were shot regularly in her hometown of Almeria. In 1965, she appeared in "A Pistol for Ringo", starring Giuliano Gemma, as the girlfriend of the Mexican bandit Sancho (Fernando Sancho). Navarro also appeared in the sequel "The Return of Ringo", and supporting roles in "The Big Gundown" (1966), "Long Days of Vengeance" (1967), "Light the Fuse... Sartana Is Coming" (1970) and "Adiós, Sabata" (1971). Nieves also had leading roles in a number of action and horror films during this period and was among the protagonists of the film "Death Walks At Midnight" (1972), directed by Luciano Ercoli, who eventually became her husband.
She subsequently moved to Italy with Ercoli where she spent the rest of her career, starring in many of her husband's projects, which ended veering towards Italian erotica and "giallo" cinema. It was in the latter genre that highlighted her as a major star especially her appearances in the Emannuelle series, "Emanuelle and the Last Cannibals" (1977) and "Emanuelle e Lolita" (1978), directed by Joe D'Amato and Henri Sala respectively. 
In 1983, Navarro attempted to return to Spanish cinema with films like Gianfranco Angelucci's drama "Honey" with Fernando Rey, but with less than expected success. She made two last films in 1989, "Fiori di zucca" and "Casa di piacere", before going into retirement. In recent years, she has returned to Spain, settling in Barcelona with Ercoli.

</doc>
<doc id="31077403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077403" title="Sebastian Zielinsky">
Sebastian Zielinsky

Sebastian Zielinsky (born 21 February 1988) is a German footballer who plays for Lokomotive Leipzig.

</doc>
<doc id="31077406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077406" title="Netball in Indonesia">
Netball in Indonesia

At the 1994 Gay Games held in New York City, an all-transsexual netball team from Indonesia competed. This team had been the Indonesian national champions.

</doc>
<doc id="31077407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077407" title="Great Wall Voleex C10">
Great Wall Voleex C10

The Great Wall Voleex C10 is a supermini car manufactured by the Chinese company Great Wall Motors between 2010 and 2014. Also known as the Great Wall Phenom, the C10 features a distinctive front grille design, but shares many visual similarities with the Toyota Vitz. A more restrained grille is available in some markets. The C20R is the crossover version of the C10.__NOTOC__
Overview.
It is exported to the Middle East and Ukraine as the Voleex C10 with a scheduled Australian release date of 2012. It was announced that the C10 would also be exported to Britain by 2011 and sold in Daihatsu dealerships, but no on-sale date was formally announced.
The C10 is produced in 1.3 L (1298cc) and 1.5 L (1497cc) 4-cylinder petrol engined versions. The 1.3 L produces and torque of and the 1.5 L produced and .

</doc>
<doc id="31077420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077420" title="Romain Dedola">
Romain Dedola

Romain Dedola (born 2 January 1989 in Rillieux-la-Pape) is a French footballer who plays for AS Lyon Duchère.

</doc>
<doc id="31077422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077422" title="Netball in Malaysia">
Netball in Malaysia

Netball is promoted in Malaysia at the Sport Carnival for All (KESUMA). In 1998, 113 districts held netball competitions. That year, there were 1,718 registered netball teams in the country. In 2001, netball was sufficiently popular in South East Asia for it to be included in the 21st Southeast Asian Games in Kuala Lumpur. Malaysia had a national team compete in the fifth Asian Netball Championships in Colombo in 2001. Malaysia also competed in the 7th Asian Youth Netball Championship in India in 2010. Petronas, the national oil company, has been a major sponsor of netball in the country. This type of sponsorship was encouraged by the government as part of the Rakan Sukan programme.
Important netball competitions held in Malaysia include:
The top performances for the Malaysia national netball team include:
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number twenty-three in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31077429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077429" title="Justus Claproth">
Justus Claproth

Justus Claproth (December 28, 1728 - February 20, 1805) was a German jurist and inventor of the deinking process of recycled paper.

</doc>
<doc id="31077430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077430" title="Netball in the Maldives">
Netball in the Maldives

Maldives had a national team compete in the fifth Asian Netball Championship held in Colombo in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31077432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077432" title="Table View High School">
Table View High School

Table View High School was founded in 1986 in Table View, a suburb of Cape Town, and is a dual-medium Afrikaans and English school that enrolls both boys and girls (co-educational). The school is financially assisted by the Western Cape Education Department and therefore, like most other schools in South Africa, it charges a school fee, as regulated by the South African Schools Act.The school's current principle is Mr. R Southgate. 
Academics.
The school performs well when it comes to academics. An 100% matric pass rate has been achieved for 11 years in a row (2000 to 2011). 
TVHS offers a variety of subjects. 
In Grades 8 and 9 there are eleven compulsory subjects:
Once pupils reach their senior phase (Grades 10 - 12) they are given a choice of subjects. 
Pupils take a two languages, maths, Life Orientation and choose 3 subjects:
There is a possibility of taking on extra subjects such as Advanced Programme Mathematics or History. These subjects are taught after school hours.
Sport.
Sports offered at the school are:
Boys
Girls
Table View has a sporting rivalry with neighbouring Milnerton High School - these two schools compete in an annual Derby Day.
Activities.
Culture and service activities offered at the school include:
Website.
www.tvh.co.za

</doc>
<doc id="31077440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077440" title="Stefan Müller (footballer born 1990)">
Stefan Müller (footballer born 1990)

Stefan Müller (born 24 February 1990) is a German footballer who plays for FC Ingolstadt 04 II.

</doc>
<doc id="31077446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077446" title="Millieria">
Millieria

Millieria is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family, containing only one species, Millieria dolosana, which is found from Morocco north to Germany, France and Poland, east to southern Russia and Israel.
The length of the forewings is 4.0-4.8 mm. Adults are on wing from March to December in the south and from April to November in the north. There are at least two generations per year in the north.
The larvae feed on "Aristolochia clematitis", "Aristolochia macrophylla" and "Aristolochia pistolochia". They are gregarious leaf miners and make irregular blotchlike mines on the dorsal surface of the
leaves, with several larvae occupying one leaf mine. The mine is a large, blackish, full depth blotch at the leaf margin. There is no initial corridor. The frass is deposited in grains, scattered through the mine. Pupation takes place within a lentil-shaped pupal case formed within the leaf mine.

</doc>
<doc id="31077452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077452" title="Netball in Pakistan">
Netball in Pakistan

Pakistan had a national team compete in the fifth Asian Netball Championship held in Colombo in 2001.
The Pakistan Netball Federation (PNF) is the national governing body of Netball in Pakistan

</doc>
<doc id="31077479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077479" title="Bregovo Municipality">
Bregovo Municipality

Bregovo Municipality () is a frontier municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located along the right bank of Danube river in the Danubian Plain. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Bregovo. The area borders on the Republic of Serbia to the west and Romania beyond the Danube to the north and it is the most northwestern part of the country.
The municipality embraces a territory of 180 km² with a population of 6,168 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
Settlements.
Bregovo Municipality includes the following 10 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 
Ethnic composition.
According to the 2011 census, among those who answered the optional question on ethnic identification, the ethnic composition of the municipality was the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31077482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077482" title="Avksenty Tsagareli">
Avksenty Tsagareli

Avksenty Tsagareli (Georgian: ავქსენტი ცაგარელი; Russian: Авксентий Цагарели) (February 9, 1857 – August 12, 1902) was a Georgian playwright particularly known for his comedies. He was described in the "Great Soviet Encyclopedia" as "one of the finest representatives of realistic drama."
Tsagareli was born in the village of Digomi (near Tiblisi) and initially studied at a seminary. He worked as an actor from 1878 to 1883 (the period when one of his best known plays, "Khanuma", was first staged) and then as an employee of the Transcaucasian Railroad until 1899. In the last two years of his life, he worked as a stage director in Tbilisi, where he died at the age of 45. Tsagareli was married to the Georgian actress Nato Gabunia (1859–1910).
Works.
Tsagareli's romantic comedy, "Khanuma", first staged in 1882, is still performed today. In 1927 it was adapted as a silent film directed by the Georgian filmmaker Alexander Tsutsunava and in 1978 as a film for Soviet television directed by Georgy Tovstonogov. The play also served as the basis for the libretto of Victor Dolidze's 1919 comic opera, "Keto and Kote".
Tsagareli's other works include:

</doc>
<doc id="31077488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077488" title="EDesk">
EDesk

eDesk is a generic reference to image processing (cheque truncation) products developed and owned by VSoft Corporation, a software company based in Duluth, Georgia, US and Hyderabad in India.
VSoft Corporation’s eDesk Capture™ solutions addresses the capture, validation, processing, archive and transmission of cheque images from all points of presentment. The features in eDesk allow financial institutions to automate deposits at branch tellers, branch back counters, and merchant locations of varying volumes and value, and image enabled ATMs.
Functions.
eDesk's flexible architecture facilitates the deployment of business rules that are appropriate for each point of presentment and institution. The solutions also address the need for multi-institution capability from the outset, making it ideal for organizations processing transactions from multiple institutions.
eDesk Capture solutions allow merchants and corporations to capture cheque images at the convenience of their locations, and send them electronically to their financial institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="31077489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077489" title="The Next Me">
The Next Me

The Next Me () is the debut Mandarin solo EP by Aaron Yan of Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boy band Fahrenheit. It was released by HIM International Music on 25 March 2011 with pre-orders available from 11 March 2011. The Japanese edition was released on 15 June 2011 by Pony Canyon, which included the Japanese version of title track "下一個我" (The Next Me).
The EP consists of five songs and one instrumental track performed by Yan. The track "只看見妳" (I Can See Nothing But You) was composed by label mate singer-songwriter Tank, it also features a duet, "最後一眼" (Just One Look) with Singaporean songtress Olivia Ong.
The album is the third best selling album in Taiwan in 2011, with 68,000 copies sold.

</doc>
<doc id="31077490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077490" title="Netball in Papua New Guinea">
Netball in Papua New Guinea

Papua New Guinea Netball Federation was created in the 1960s. There are over 10,000 registered netball players in the country. A large support base for the sport exists around Port Morseby.
England's record against Papua New Guinea in international matched between 1949 and 1976 was one win and zero losses. England beat Papua New Guinea 114-16 at the World Tournament in 1975.
At Gay Games VI, a transgendered netball from Papua New Guinea competed.
Some of the top performances for the Papua New Guinea national netball team include:
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number seventeen in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31077508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077508" title="Anglia Components">
Anglia Components

Anglia Components is the UK's largest privately owned authorised distributor of electronic components trading under the name Anglia. A signatory of the ADS SC21 programme, Anglia holds AS9120, ISO9001 & ISO14001 accreditations and IECQ-CECC qualification.
History.
Anglia was founded in 1972 by Bill Ingram, now President of the organisation, who started the business from home as a sole trader. The initial operation was established to provide spare parts to the Radio and TV repair trade. As Anglia developed it moved to premises in Burdett Road, Wisbech, Cambridgeshire, UK. By 1980 Anglia had grown significantly and directed its efforts towards the electronics manufacturing industry.
The signing of numerous distribution agreements and the launch of several direct product brands throughout the 80's resulted in a move to an extensive stock holding and distribution centre in Sandall Road, Wisbech, Cambridgeshire, UK during 1992, where Anglia remains today. 
The late 90's through to more modern day saw considerable expansion in Anglia, its supplier line card and product portfolio. During this period, Anglia created specialist divisions dedicated to developing technologies and set up a logistics and distribution operation in Hong Kong, gaining both Company of the Year and Distributor of the Year at the 2007 Elektra awards.
In recent times, Anglia has signed numerous distribution agreements with major semiconductor suppliers significantly enhancing its product profile. At the beginning of 2013 the company launched Anglia-Live, its e-commerce website, offering a comprehensive parametric search engine, live inventory, live pricing and online ordering.

</doc>
<doc id="31077519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077519" title="Netball in Singapore">
Netball in Singapore

There are 80,000 netball players in Singapore. playing several variations of netball, including beach netball. In Singapore, the SSC is responsible for maintaining 8 netball courts. Netball Singapore is the official governing body for the sport in Singapore. It was created in 1962, with 63 registered clubs.
International tournaments.
In 1983, the country held the 1983 Netball World Championships. In 2001, Singapore hosted the INFA World Congress. In 2005, the country hosted the Asian Netball Championships. In 2006, Netball Singapore created and hosted the first major Asian netball tournament: The Nations Cup. The World Netball Championships will be held in Singapore in 2011.
National team.
Singapore has several national squads: Opens, 21 & Under, 19 & Under (Post School), 19 & Under (Schools), 17 & Under, and 14 & Under. The national team competed in its first major tournament in 1967 at the Netball World Championships. Singapore had a national team compete in the fifth Asian Netball Championships held in Colombo, Sri Lanka in 2001. Singapore competed in the 7th Asian Youth Netball Championship held in 2010 in India. As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number nineteen in the world.
Some of the top performances for the Singapore national netball teams include:
Professional league.
In 2000, the professional Netball Super League (NSL) was formed. The Netball Super League is a seven-week long netball tournament developed to cater for elite players in Singapore. It was established and is governed by Netball Singapore and six teams compete. In 2004, the audience was big enough that the Netball Super League was broadcast on television. The Stingrays came in second in 2008 and first in the 2009 competition. The 2010 competition was won by the Malaysian Arowanas.

</doc>
<doc id="31077525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077525" title="Eivinn Berg">
Eivinn Berg

Eivinn Berg (31 July 1931 - 23 September 2013) was a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Sandefjord, and took the siv.øk. degree at the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration. He enrolled there in 1953, and was hired in the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1956. From 1963 he served in the Norwegian delegation to GATT and EFTA in Geneva, then as a head of department in the EFTA Secretariat. From 1970 he was an embassy councellor in Brussels, and negotiated the Norwegian membership in the European Economic Community. However, the membership was stopped in a 1972 referendum in Norway, and Berg left the foreign service. He was the director of the Norwegian Shipowners' Association from 1973 to 1978.
He returned to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as sub-director, and was promoted to deputy under-secretary of state. From 1981 to 1984 he served as a State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as a part of Willoch's First Cabinet. From 1984 to 1988 he was the Norwegian ambassador to NATO, and from 1988 to 1996 he was the Norwegian ambassador to the European Union. His time here was spent in negotiations; first from 1989 to 1993 negotiating the European Economic Area and from 1993 to 1994 negotiating a possible EU membership. This too was botched after a 1994 referendum. He also negotiated the conditions for the Schengen Area.
In 1996 Berg left the foreign service for good, and became an adviser for corporations such as Statoil, Norske Skog and Statkraft. He was an adviser ahead of the accession of Slovenia to the European Union. He was decorated with the Belgian Order of the Crown (1974), the Order of Prince Henry (1980, Commander), the Orden del Mérito Civil (1982, Grand Cross), the Order of the Lion of Finland (1983), the Ordre national du Mérite (1984, Officier) and the Order of St. Olav (1987, Commander).
His Norwegian residency was at Haslum, later at Ullernåsen. He died in a car accident in Stokke in September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31077527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077527" title="Delmark Records">
Delmark Records

Delmark Records is the oldest American jazz and blues independent record label. It was founded in 1958 and is based in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The label originated in St. Louis, Missouri, in 1953, when owner Bob Koester released a recording of the Windy City Six, a traditional jazz group, under the "Delmar" imprint.
Founding.
Born in 1932 in Wichita, Kansas, to a family of German descent, Bob Koester began collecting records in high school. Initially a jazz fan, Koester also developed a taste for the blues from the intricate relationship these musics shared in the 1940s and 1950s.
Moving from Wichita to St Louis, Missouri, to attend college, Koester began his career as a record trader in his dormitory room. Joining a local Jazz Club gave Koester his first taste of live jazz, seeing Clark Terry perform. Koester made acquaintance with a fellow Jazz Club member, Ron Fister, with whom he opened his first record shop - K & F Sales. Shortly after opening in an old restaurant storefront, they changed the name to the Blue Note Record Shop. About a year after this joint venture, Fister and Koester decided to part ways, with Koester moving to a new location on the corner of Delmar and Oliver streets in St Louis. Taking the name from the street his shop was on, Koester recorded a local jazz group the Windy City Six in 1953. Shortly thereafter, Koester searched out and found local talent in bluesmen such as Speckled Red, James Crutchfield, Big Joe Williams and J.D. Short.
After a period in St Louis, Koester moved to Chicago in August 1958. He bought out the record shop Seymour's Jazz Mart, and in renaming the storefront the Jazz Record Mart, Delmark Records found its new home in the basement of the record shop. By 1963, Koester had moved the shop to a location at 7 West Grand. During this period in Chicago, Delmark released albums by blues, jazz and bebop musicians, such as George Lewis, Barney Bigard, Jimmy Forrest, Bud Powell, Donald Byrd and Ira Sullivan.
Subsequent history.
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, Delmark recorded Sonny Stitt, the Art Ensemble of Chicago, Junior Wells, Buddy Guy, J. B. Hutto, Robert Nighthawk, Luther Allison, Magic Sam, and Jimmy Dawkins, plus Malachi Thompson, Jimmy Johnson, Sleepy John Estes, Arthur Crudup, Otis Rush, Yank Rachell and Roosevelt Sykes. 
In 1966, Chuck Nessa then manager of the Jazz Record Mart, convinced Koester to release albums by musicians associated with the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians. The first record was Roscoe Mitchell's "Sound" (1966) which received a five star review in "Downbeat". This was followed by a string of releases on Delmark that highlighted the new music being played in Chicago by artists associated with the AACM including Muhal Richard Abrams' "Levels and Degrees of Light" (1968), Kalaparusha Maurice McIntyre's "Humility in the Light of the Creator" (1969) and Anthony Braxton's "For Alto" (1969). Additionally Delmark released two of the earliest Sun Ra albums, "Sun Song" and "Sound of Joy", in 1967 and 1968 respectively.
In the 1980s and 1990s, Delmark continued to release an array of Chicago based jazz and blues. Today, Delmark is still a force on the Chicago music scene. They released records by jazz artists, Frank Catalano, Rob Mazurek, Nicole Mitchell, Ken Vandermark, Fred Anderson, Roy Campbell, Jr., and Ethnic Heritage Ensemble; plus blues musicians including Zora Young, Ken Saydak, Byther Smith, Michael Coleman, Little Arthur Duncan, Eddie C. Campbell, Jimmy Burns, Linsey Alexander; and ragtime musicians including Terry Waldo.
In March 2010, Delmark announced the release of the album "Revisit" by the Polish duo, Mikrokolektyw. It marked the first release of a European avant jazz group on Delmark in its 57-year history.

</doc>
<doc id="31077533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077533" title="Phormoestes">
Phormoestes

Phormoestes is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family, containing only one species, Phormoestes palmettovora, which is known from Florida.
The length of the forewings is 3.3-4 mm. Adults are on wing from March to May.
The larvae feed on "Sabal palmetto". Larvae have been found boring within the minute flower pods of the inflorescence of the host plant. After sufficient feeding, the larvae apparently take one of the hollowed out flower pods and form a pupal case, having a flap on the distal end, and transport this case to the ventral side of one of the large palm leaves. The pupal case is attached to the midrib of one of the many leaflets of the palm leaf. It appears that larvae or pupae overwinter in the pupal case and adults of the first generation emerge the following March, when the palms are again producing inflorescences.

</doc>
<doc id="31077541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077541" title="Carthage, Kentucky">
Carthage, Kentucky

Carthage is an unincorporated community in Campbell County, Kentucky, United States. Carthage is located near Kentucky Route 9, west-northwest of California.

</doc>
<doc id="31077552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077552" title="Lemnos (regional unit)">
Lemnos (regional unit)

Lemnos () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of North Aegean. The regional unit covers the islands of Lemnos, Agios Efstratios and a few smaller, uninhabited islands, in the Aegean Sea. 
Administration.
As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit Lemnos was created out of part of the former Lesbos Prefecture. It is subdivided into 2 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):
Province.
The province of Lemnos () was one of the provinces of the Lesbos Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present regional unit. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31077563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077563" title="Nyx (moth)">
Nyx (moth)

Nyx is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="31077564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077564" title="Tó Barbosa">
Tó Barbosa

António João Ferradeira Santos (born 30 September 1992 in Vila do Conde), commonly known as Tó Barbosa, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Varzim S.C. on loan from Gil Vicente F.C. as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="31077577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077577" title="Ajyad (Mecca neighborhood)">
Ajyad (Mecca neighborhood)

Ajyad is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077583" title="Nyx puyaphaga">
Nyx puyaphaga

Nyx puyaphaga is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from central Chile.
The length of the forewings is 3.8-4.5 mm. Adults are on wing from November to December.
The larvae feed on "Puya alpestris". The female genitalia clearly show that the eggs must be inserted into the host plant, since the ovipositor is extremely stout and sharply pointed. It is not known into which part of the plant the egg is inserted or on what part the larva actually feeds.

</doc>
<doc id="31077584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077584" title="Al Faisaliyyah">
Al Faisaliyyah

Al Faisaliyyah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077588" title="Al Gemmezah">
Al Gemmezah

Al Gemmezah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077590" title="Al Ghassalah">
Al Ghassalah

Al Ghassalah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077592" title="Al Hindawiyyah">
Al Hindawiyyah

Al Hindawiyyah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077593" title="Al Iskan">
Al Iskan

Al Iskan is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077594" title="Al-Khalidiya, Mecca">
Al-Khalidiya, Mecca

Al Khalediya is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077596" title="Al Maabda">
Al Maabda

Al Maabda is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077600" title="Jajireddigudem">
Jajireddigudem

Jajireddigudem () is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Jaji Reddi Gudem mandal include: Adivemla, D. Kothapally, Jaji Reddy Gudem, Kesarla Pahad, Kodur, Kommala, Kunchamarthy, Loya Pally, Machireddy Pally, Nagaram, Persaipally, Thimmapur, Vardhamanukota etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31077601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077601" title="Al Muaisem">
Al Muaisem

Al Muaisem is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077602" title="Al Nuzha">
Al Nuzha

Al Nuzha is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077604" title="Al Rasaifah">
Al Rasaifah

Al Rasaifah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077605" title="Al Shoqiyah">
Al Shoqiyah

Al Shoqiyah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077607" title="Al Shubaikah">
Al Shubaikah

Al Shubaikah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077608" title="Al Sulaimaniyyah">
Al Sulaimaniyyah

Al Sulaimaniyyah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077610" title="Al Tundobawi">
Al Tundobawi

Al Tundobawi is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077612" title="Al Utaibiyyah">
Al Utaibiyyah

Al Utaibiyyah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077613" title="Al Zahir (Mecca neighborhood)">
Al Zahir (Mecca neighborhood)

Al Zahir is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077615" title="Al Zahra">
Al Zahra

Al Zahra is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077617" title="Aziziyah">
Aziziyah

Aziziyah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.
There are also neighborhoods in the cities of Jeddah and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia by that name.
Its nickname is "Mini Pakistan" as there are a lot of Pakistan living after migration from Pakistan in early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="31077618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077618" title="Gazza (Mecca neighborhood)">
Gazza (Mecca neighborhood)

Gazza is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077621" title="Jabal Al Nour">
Jabal Al Nour

Jabal Al Nour is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077622" title="Jarwal (Mecca neighborhood)">
Jarwal (Mecca neighborhood)

Jarwal is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077623" title="Jurhum (Mecca neighborhood)">
Jurhum (Mecca neighborhood)

Jurhum is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077625" title="Jan Vokál">
Jan Vokál

Jan Vokal (born 25 September 1958) is the current Bishop of Hradec Králové since his installation on 14 May 2011. He had previously served as an official in the Secretariat of State. 
Vokal was born in 1958 at Hlinsko (Hradec Kralove). He earned a degree in Engineering Cybernetics at the Technical University in Prague. In 1983 he was admitted to the College of Saint John Nepomuk in Rome and studied philosophy and theology at the Pontifical Lateran University.
He was ordained a priest 28 May 1989 for the diocese of Hradec Králové. He continued his education in the United States at St. Thomas University and worked as assistant priest in the Diocese of Peoria. In 1991 he began his service at the Secretariat of State (Section for General Affairs). From 1992 to 2005 he was personal secretary of Cardinal Corrado Bafile, Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints. 
In 2008 he obtained a doctorate in utroque iure, i.e. in both civil and canon law, from the Pontifical Lateran University and in the following year a doctorate in civil law at the Charles University in Prague. In 2005 he was appointed a coadjutor canon of the Chapter of the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore.
He was appointed to Hradec Králové by Pope Benedict XVI on 3 March 2011, ordained a bishop on 7 May, and installed on 14 May.

</doc>
<doc id="31077628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077628" title="Misfalah">
Misfalah

Misfalah is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077629" title="Shar Mansur">
Shar Mansur

Shar Mansur is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077630" title="Suq Al Lail">
Suq Al Lail

Suq Al Lail is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077635" title="Nyx viscachensis">
Nyx viscachensis

Nyx viscachensis is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Chile, where it was discovered at Cerro Viscachas, Region Metropolitana, Provincia de Chacabuco, at elevations between 1,400 and 1,700 meters.
The larvae feed on "Puya coerulea".

</doc>
<doc id="31077640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077640" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's pentathlon">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's pentathlon

The Women's pentathlon event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 4.
Results.
60 m hurdles.
The heats were held at 9:00.
High jump.
The event was held at 9:55.
Shot Put.
The event was held at 12:15.
Long Jump.
The event was held at 15:45.
800m.
The heats were held at 18:22.

</doc>
<doc id="31077641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077641" title="People Like a Happy Ending">
People Like a Happy Ending

People Like A Happy Ending is the debut album from Stillman a.k.a. singer-songwriter Chaz Craik. It won Best Album at the Glasswerk New Music Awards 2007.
Recording.
Stillman's debut album, like his first release The Weightless EP, was entirely performed and recorded at home with the exception of the drums. In fact all the drum tracks on this album are actually edits of the drum takes from The Weightless EP, often cut into individual drum hits and sequenced to fit the new songs. The recording was very low budget and according to Craik the vocals were recorded in a wardrobe lined with a duvet and sofa cushions. The album was also mixed in its entirety by Craik in his home studio. It was mastered at an unnamed studio but the masters were processed additionally by Craik to bring the dynamic level up to those found in other commercial recordings.
Release.
Craik released an initial private pressing of 500 units with a nine-song tracklisting. These were hand-numbered and given away for free to members of his mailing list. It was via this initial private pressing that he came to the attention of TRL Music who then signed him to their label. A subsequent digital release followed on iTunes, Amazon Digital and various other digital outlets at which time the album was expanded to eleven tracks by two new songs - Blisters and They Mostly Come At Night.
Reception.
The album received numerous positive reviews from webzines and fanzines including -
'an album with depth that is rarely seen in his contemporaries' - "Tasty Fanzine"
'a beautiful piece of work from start to finish' - "Toxic Pete"
It was featured on the front-page of ten European iTunes territories but failed to sell as many copies as the label had hoped possibly due to limited PR budget available; TRL Music estimated the digital downloads to be equal to roughly a thousand physical CDs.
Despite this Stillman was nominated in the Glasswerk New Music Awards 2007 in the Best Singer/Songwriter, Best Male and Best Album categories and won the Best Album award.

</doc>
<doc id="31077658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077658" title="St John Ambulance in Wales">
St John Ambulance in Wales

St John Cymru - Wales (Also called St John Ambulance Wales and the Priory of Wales for the Venerable Order of St John of Jerusalem) is a charity (registered in England and Wales) dedicated to the teaching and practice of first aid. It is a subsidiary charity of the "Priory of Wales" (that is, the Welsh branch) of the wider international Order of St. John.
History.
The medieval Order of St John is the original inspiration of the modern Venerable Order of St John of Jerusalem. As part of its charitable work, the Order founded three separate charities in the nineteenth century. One was an eye hospital in Jerusalem. The other two were the St John Ambulance Association (1877) and the St John Ambulance Brigade (1887) providing, respectively, first aid and nursing training, and first aid and nursing work by trained volunteers. The two organisations merged around a hundred years later into the single St John Ambulance organisation.
In 1907 King Edward VII, as Sovereign Head of the Order, authorised the foundation of different 'priories' of the Order for different nations. The first to be founded was the Priory of Wales (1918), which in turn led to St John Ambulance in Wales becoming a separate organisation and charity from the English parent body.

</doc>
<doc id="31077669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077669" title="Gundala, Nalgonda">
Gundala, Nalgonda

Gundala () is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Telangana, India.
The villages in Gundala mandal include: Ambala, Anantharam, Bandakothapally, Brahmanpally, Gangapur, Gundala, Kommaipally, Maripadiga, Masanpally, Nunegudem, Pallepahad, Parupally, Pedda Padishala, Ramaram, Seetharampur, Suddala, Theriyala, Thurkalashapur, Vastakondur, Velmajala etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31077674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077674" title="Thore Boye">
Thore Boye

Thore Albert Boye (27 October 1912 – 1 October 1999) was a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Kristiania as a son of Supreme Court Justice Thorvald Boye (1871–1943) and Mia Esmarch (1880–1966). In 1945 he married Nøste Siem (1918–1999), a daughter of Ole Siem and sister of Martin Siem.
He took the cand.jur. degree in 1936, and was an attorney and deputy judge in Tromsø before being hired in the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1938. After the Second World War reached Norway on 9 April 1940, and the government fled the capital, Boye set out on skis to catch up with them. After doing so he acted as a courier to Stockholm, returned to Molde where he followed the flight of the Norwegian National Treasury to Tromsø. From Tromsø, he left the country together with the government and royal family. They reached London, where Boye became a secretary in the Ministry of Finance-in-exile; from 1941 the Ministry of Defence-in-exile. He was promoted to assistant secretary in 1942. From 1944 he participated in the rebuilding after the liberation of Northern Norway, and in the spring of 1945 he was a secretary for the provisional government in Oslo, awaiting the return of the real government from exile after the war.
He was a legation concellor in Belgium from 1946 to 1948, assistant secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1948 to 1949, secretary-general for the Northern European group in NATO from 1949 to 1951. He was promoted to sub-director in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1951 and deputy under-secretary of state in 1953. From 1955 to 1961 he worked as vice chief executive in the SAS Group, and he served as the Norwegian ambassador to Italy from 1961 to 1965. From 1962 he doubled as the ambassador to Greece. He was then the permanent under-secretary of state (the highest-ranking civil position) in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1965 to 1971, then the Norwegian ambassador to Spain from 1972 to 1977 and Sweden from 1977 to 1981.
He was decorated as a Commander with Star of the Order of St. Olav in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31077681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077681" title="A holiday at Mentone">
A holiday at Mentone

A holiday at Mentone is an 1888 painting by the Australian artist Charles Conder. The painting depicts a beach in the Melbourne suburb of Mentone on a bright and sunny day. Conder's depiction of people engaged in seaside activities and the brilliant noonday sunshine mark the painting as distinctively Australian in character. 
The painting was first exhibited at Victorian Artists' Society Spring exhibition in November 1888, one month after Conder, aged only 20, arrived in Melbourne from Sydney. Conder had met Tom Roberts in Sydney the previous year and again at Easter 1888, where the pair had painted together at Coogee Beach. On arrival in Melbourne, Conder initially based himself at Roberts' Grosvenor Chambers studio and "A Holiday at Mentone" was Conder's first Melbourne painting. The work shows evidence of being influenced by Japanese art while a similar bridge motif was commonly used by the influential American painter James McNeil Whistler. One of Arthur Streeton's descendents suggested that Roberts is the figure in the grey suit on the pier and Streeton is the man lying down on the beach.
Perhaps Conder's best known painting, "A holiday at Mentone" has been described as a "critically acclaimed masterpiece of the Australian Impressionist style of painting" and a "singularly Australian work". Terence Lane, senior curator of Australian Art at the National Gallery of Victoria described the painting's staging as "stilted, almost surreal" but the composition as "splendidly abstract and the sunshine brilliantly Australian". 
The painting is now part of the collection of the Art Gallery of South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077704" title="Katie Crippen">
Katie Crippen

Katie Crippen (November 17, 1895 – November 25, 1929), also billed as Little Katie Crippen or Ella White, was an African American entertainer and singer.
She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. She performed at Edmond's Cellar in New York City ca. 1920. In 1921, she recorded four sides for Black Swan Records in the classic female blues style, accompanied by Fletcher Henderson's Orchestra. She toured in 1922–23 as the star of a revue, "Liza and her Shuffling Sextet", that included Fats Waller. She subsequently formed a revue, "Katie Crippen and Her Kids", in which she was accompanied by a teenaged Count Basie. In the later 1920s he appeared in revues at the Lafayette Theater in New York City, and toured the RKO theater circuit with Dewey Brown as Crippen & Brown.
After a long illness, Crippen died of cancer in New York City on November 25, 1929. She is buried in Merion Memorial Park, in Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania, outside of Philadelphia.
Crippen's complete recordings have been reissued in CD format by Document Records on "Fletcher Henderson and the Blues Singers: Complete Recorded Works In Chronological Order Volume 1 (1921–1923)" (DODC-5342).

</doc>
<doc id="31077707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077707" title="A Mission to Kill">
A Mission to Kill

A Mission to Kill is a low budget 1988 action film featuring Vietnam War sequences that was written and directed by Sean MacGregor with a story by William Smith. The film also has been released under the titles "Nightmares of Nam" and "The Kill Machine". MacGregor and Smith had also collaborated on "Gentle Savage".
A former officer assigned to the Provincial Reconnaissance Unit returns home where he is put in, then escapes from a mental hospital.
Cast.
Steve Oliver ... Major Steven Henry 'Hank' Miller <br>
Chris Casamassa ... Young Hank Miller <br>
Marcy Bond ... Samantha <br>
Doug Shalin ... Dr. Blair <br>
William Smith ... Boris Catuli

</doc>
<doc id="31077708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077708" title="Aler, Nalgonda district">
Aler, Nalgonda district

Aleru is a Mandal in Nalgonda district, bhongir of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is located on the National Highway 202.
There is a Railway station at Aler in the South Central Railway between Secunderabad and Kazipet.
Geography.
Aleru is located at . It has an average elevation of 361 metres (1187 ft).
Politics.
Mothkupally Narsimhulu was elected 5 times to the state assembly from this constituency.
In 2009 elections, Budida Bixmaiah Goud of the Indian National Congress got elected to the Legislative Assembly.presently in 2014 elections smt Gongidi Sunitha Mahendar Reddy won on TRS party ticket with 32000 majority over Budida Bixmaiah Goud of the Indian National Congress.
Villages.
The villages in Alair Mandal include:,Alair, Ammanabole, Bahadurpet, Dilwarpur, Golanakonda, Gundlagudem, Ikkurthy, Kolanpaka, Kollur, Mandanpally, Manthapuri, Matoor, Patelgudem, Raghavapur, Saigudem, Sharajipet, Shdasfsgarbanapuram, Tangutoor, Turpugudem, motakundur, etc
Temples in and near by Aleru.
Sri Ramachandra Swamy Temple, Jeedical.
It is located at distance of 10 km from Jangoan. The temple is an ancient one and believed that, Lord Sri Rama visited this temple on his way to 'Lanka' (Sri Lanka) after separation from Sita Devi. People also believe that, Rama had killed the 'Maricha' who was in the guise of 'Maya Ledi' or the Magic deer. A boulder namely 'Ledi Banda' can be seen here. "Jeedigundam" and "Palagundam" are the two pushkarinis for a holy dip of the pilgrims.
Jain Temple, Kolanapak.
The Jain temple here is made out of red sand stone and white marble pillars. The intricate carvings on the temple walls and ceilings are worth praising. And the rich look inside is also well maintained. This is a new construction over an old temple which is said to be having a history of 2000 years. Jineshwar Idol is also known by Manikyaswamy as the idol is said to be carved using the jewel of a ring worn by King Bharatheswar. 
According to folklore, the Jineshwar idol present here was originally at Ayodhya and then later on taken to Vethadai mountain and there after its praise reached the heavens; Lord Indra, the King of Gods had carried the idol to the heavens. Later the idol was brought to earth by Ravana by pleasing the King of Gods. 
Rani Mandodari consort of Ravana, was a Jain by religion and comes to know about this Jinneshwar and takes a wish to start praying this idol. Ravana fulfills her wish by performing a great penance and pleases Indra to obtain it and thus brings back to earth. Ultimately because of the actions of Ravana abducting Sita Devi, consort of Sri Rama. Gods convey the message to Mandodari to pass away the idol in the deep seas. 
After many years, a king from the Karnataka region named Shankar took the responsibility to bring up this idol on an advice from the spiritual guides to protect his country people from an epidemic. Thus with help of a sacred process he brings out the idol from the seas and on his way back he halted at this place called Kolanpak and there he got a resistance to move the idol further, considering it as God's decision the king decided to build a magnificent temple around it.

</doc>
<doc id="31077736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077736" title="Anthophila (moth)">
Anthophila (moth)

Anthophila is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="31077741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077741" title="Peter Nicolay Ræder">
Peter Nicolay Ræder

Peter Nicolay Ræder (born 20 August 1943) is a Norwegian diplomat.
He was a son of diplomat Johan Georg Alexius Ræder. He took the cand.jur. degree and was hired in the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1973. He served as the Norwegian ambassador to Argentina from 1994 to 1999, as an adviser in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1999 to 2002, as the ambassador to Saudi Arabia from 2002 to 2004 and to the Czech Republic from 2004. In 1998 he was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav.

</doc>
<doc id="31077744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077744" title="Suq al layl">
Suq al layl

Suq al layl may refer to several places in Saudi Arabia:

</doc>
<doc id="31077751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077751" title="John Hodges Benwell">
John Hodges Benwell

John Hodges Benwell (1764–1785) was an English genre painter, some of whose works became well-known through engravings.
Life.
Benwell was born at Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire where his father was under-steward to George Spencer, 4th Duke of Marlborough. He was a pupil of an obscure portrait painter called Sanders, who lived in Great Russell Street in Bloomsbury, London, but also studied at the Royal Academy Schools, where he was awarded a silver medal in 1782. He later taught drawing at Bath, and executed a few small oval drawings in a technique which combined watercolour and pastel. His works have suffered much from the ravages of time.
He returned to London and exhibited a classical subject, "Glycaera at the Tomb of her Mother", at the Royal Academy in 1784, but died of tuberculosis the next year, and was buried in Old St. Pancras churchyard.
Several of his works became well-known from engravings. They included two scenes from "Auld Robin Gray"; the "Children in the Wood", engraved by William Sharp; and "A St. Giles's Beauty" and "A St. James's Beauty", both engraved by Bartolozzi.

</doc>
<doc id="31077754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077754" title="Safari (1940 film)">
Safari (1940 film)

Safari is a 1940 American adventure film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Madeleine Carroll and Tullio Carminati. An ambitious young woman goes on a safari hunt with a millionaire in the hope of convincing him to marry her, but falls in love with the chief hunter instead.

</doc>
<doc id="31077758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077758" title="Turkapally">
Turkapally

Turkapally () is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is home for the bio-cluster of Genome Valley.
The villages in Turka Pally mandal includes: Chinna Laxmapur, Dattaipally, Dharmaram, Gandamalla, Gollagudem, Gopalpur, Ibhrahimpur, Konapur, Kondapur, Thrukapally, Madhapur, Malkapur, Motiram Thanda, Mulka Pally, Nagai Pally, Palle Phad, Peddathanda, Rusthapur, Thirumalapur, Vasalamarri, Veerareddypally, Velupupally, Venkatapur etc..

</doc>
<doc id="31077763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077763" title="Asterivora">
Asterivora

Asterivora is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="31077769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077769" title="Ithaca–Caloundra City Life Saving Club">
Ithaca–Caloundra City Life Saving Club

The Ithaca–Caloundra City Life Saving Club is a Royal Life Saving Club (one of only a few in Queensland) based in Caloundra, Queensland, Australia.
History.
The Club started operations in March 1954 with a group of six men whose aim was to form a Royal Life Saving Club that catered for men. This was unusual at the time, as Surf Clubs catered for men, while Royal Life Saving Clubs had female members. The Club was started at Ithaca Pool after the aforementioned men (which included G. Marr, J. Cooley, B.Daley & D. Payne )returned from the Royal Life Saving Society Australia National Championships in Tasmania. The leasee of Ithaca Pool was Mr Joe Venning, son of the Frank Venning who was heavily involved in Life Saving at the time. Metropolitan Life Saving Club (which at the time was affiliated with Royal Life Saving Society, and is now know as Metropolitan - Caloundra Surf Life Saving Club - Mets) also trained at the Ithaca Baths and members used to travel to/from Caloundra together to patrol. The official badges of both clubs are similar being based on the Royal Life Saving logo.
By the late 1950s and early 1960s the Club had grown to a reasonable size, during this time patrols commenced at Bulcock Beach, Caloundra. It is believed that this location (Bulcock Beach) was chosen after the death of two swimmers, who had decided to swim to Bribie Island from Bulcock Beach and were never seen again, presumably drowning.
Originally the Beach was patrolled by women only. Later on, men and women patrolled on alternate weekends and mixed patrols began in the 1970s.
The original Lifesaving Clubhouse was a tent at the nearby Carvan Park (adjoining the current Coast Guard) which was replaced by a semi-permanent timber building. After a storm in the 1970s this building almost fell over and the Club took over an old boat & bait hire shop at Bulcock Beach. This was located on the site of the present Clubhouse building, next to the White Fleet shop which was a general store that hired out boats. Older members have many fond memories of the crowded accommodation and the fun times that they had!
In 2004, the Club celebrated its 50th Anniversary with a reunion of over one hundred and fifty past and present members. It was a great opportunity to swap memories and reminisce about the past as well as make plans for the future.
History of the word "Ithaca".
Queensland’s inaugural Governor, Sir George Bowen was previously the Governor of the Ionian Islands off Greece. Ithaca is a town on the Ionian Island, and is also a suburb of Brisbane, presumerably named by Governor Bowen. Whilst the suburb of Ithaca still exists, it is no longer an official suburb of Brisbane, but it is part of Paddington.
The home of Life Saving in Queensland was the Ithaca Baths (Swimming Pool) which still exists today. The Club, as did many other Qld Clubs, started at Ithaca Baths and the Club was originally known as Ithaca Life Saving Club, in 1982 changing its name to Ithaca - Bulcock Beach Life Saving Club, and finally to the present name (Ithaca - Caloundra City Life Saving Club). The Club has considered on many occasions of dropping the word Ithaca from its name, however support for the history of the Club has been such that it has always remained. Newer members refer to the Club as Caloundra City Life Saving Club, however older members still refer to the Club as Ithaca Life Saving Club.
Services and operations.
The Club provides volunteer beach patrol and rescue services (lifeguard / lifesaver) at Bulcock Beach Caloundra during all weekends and public holidays in the summer months. The Club also provides a Junior Activities program and Grey Medallion course for the mature age public.
Rescue equipment.
The Club operates three Inflatable Rescue Boat's and a larger aluminium powered rescue boat, to help it patrol Bulcock Beach, Golden Beach, Happy Valley and surrounding areas.
Competition.
The Club is active at State, National and International Competition Events. At the recent 2010 world life saving championship, members won a Gold Medal in the pool line throw event (men's 45+ age group) and Bronze Medal in Paddle Board Rescue Race (Men's 40+ age group).

</doc>
<doc id="31077789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077789" title="Helge Groth">
Helge Groth

Helge Otto Aars Groth (1913 – 1966) is a Norwegian literary historian and diplomat.
He was born in Stavanger, and took the cand.philol. degree in 1938. He was a lecturer in European literature at the University of Oslo from 1939 to 1953, and also as held lectures on foreign affairs in Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation radio from 1946 to 1953. Books include "Hovedlinjer i mellomkrigstidens norske litteratur" (1947) and "Olav Aukrust, Problematikk og utvikling" (1948).
He was then hired as a press and culture envoy at the Norwegian ambassador in West Germany in 1953, and was promoted to embassy councellor in 1957. He was an assistant secretary in the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1962 to 1964, then a press councellor at the Norwegian embassy in the United States from 1964 to 1966, the year he died.

</doc>
<doc id="31077790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077790" title="Bommala Ramaram">
Bommala Ramaram

Bommala Ramaram, shortly B. Ramaram () is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Telangana, India.
The villages in Bommalaramaram mandal includes: B. Ramaram,Kazipet, Bandakadipally, Boinpally, Chikatimamidi, Chouderpally, Hazipur, Jalalpur, Kanchal Thanda, Kandlakunta Thanda, Laxmi Thanda, Machanpally, Malyala, Mariyal, Medipally, Mylaram(v Anand chary sarpanch), Naginenipally,
Peddaparvathapur, Pilligundla Thanda, Pyararam, Ramalingampally, Rangapur, Solipet, Thimmapur, Thirumalagiri, Thumukunta etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31077792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077792" title="Ankylopollexia">
Ankylopollexia

Ankylopollexia is a clade of herbivorous iguanodontian dinosaurs that lived from the Late Jurassic to Late Cretaceous in all continents. Some members include "Camptosaurus", "Iguanodon", "Ouranosaurus", and the hadrosaurids or "duck-billed dinosaurs". The Ankylopollexia was named by Paul Sereno in 1986 to denote the group within the Iguanodontia that includes the Camptosauridae and the Styracosterna. The name means "stiff thumbs", referring to a possible synapomorphy, possessing a conical thumb spine. Ankylopollexians were generally large animals, and some (such as "Shantungosaurus", which measured up to 50 ft (15 m) in length and weighed up to 8 tons) equaled the largest carnivorous dinosaurs in size.
Phylogeny.
The first definition of Ankylopollexia was given by Sereno in 1998. It was defined as the node-based taxon consisting of the last common ancestor of "Camptosaurus", "Parasaurolophus" and all his descendants. Sereno (2005) improved this definition, using the type species, "Camptosaurus dispar" (Marsh 1879) and "Parasaurolophus walkeri" (Parks 1922), instead of the genera. Many ankylopollexians have not yet been included in a large phylogenetic analyses, or are too fragmentary to place confidently. These include "Bihariosaurus", "Delapparentia", "Dollodon", "Draconyx", "Hypselospinus", "Lurdusaurus", "Osmakasaurus", "Owenodon", "Planicoxa", "Proplanicoxa" and "Sellacoxa". The simplified cladogram below follows an analysis by Andrew McDonald and colleagues, published in November 2010 with information from McDonald, 2011.
The cladogram below follows an analysis by Andrew McDonald, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31077799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077799" title="Rosetrees Trust">
Rosetrees Trust

Rosetrees Trust (Charitable) was created in 1987 by a family business, using venture philanthropy to find and fund leading medical researchers across a wide range of illnesses.
Rosetrees provides grant funding to medical researchers to support bio-medical research.
History.
Rosetrees was established in 1987 and for over 25 years, using an endowment provided by the founding family, has gifted millions of pounds to medical research. Rosetrees has supported a network of professors, researchers and universities. In that time it has used some of its income (£4 million) to help secure over £150 million of grants from major funders such as the Wellcome Trust, the Medical Research Council (UK) and Cancer Research UK.
Current projects.
Rosetrees supports over 200 projects, including researchers at the University of Southampton, Institute of Psychiatry, Royal Free Hospital, and Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Projects funded.
Some of the 200 plus research projects include:

</doc>
<doc id="31077802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077802" title="The Written Law">
The Written Law

The Written Law is a 1931 British drama film directed by Reginald Fogwell and starring Madeleine Carroll, Percy Marmont and Henry Hewitt. A man is cured of blindness but conceals his recovery from his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="31077810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077810" title="Al Ābār">
Al Ābār

Al Ābār is a village in Makkah Province, in Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077812" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's shot put">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's shot put

The Men's shot put event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships will be held at March 4, 2011 at 09:30 (qualification) and March 4, 17:30 (final) local time.
Results.
Qualification.
Qualification: Qualification Performance 20.10 (Q) or at least 8 best performers advanced to the final. It was held at 09:30.

</doc>
<doc id="31077813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077813" title="Al Ashraf">
Al Ashraf

Al Ashrāf is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077815" title="Al Balad">
Al Balad

Al Balad is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077816" title="Al-Badr">
Al-Badr

Al Badr is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia. An electrical fire at a wedding in the village killed 25 people in the courtyard of a home on October 31, 2012. 30 were injured in the blaze, which was believed to have been started by a high-voltage power line which fell, sparking, after being hit by celebratory gunfire.

</doc>
<doc id="31077817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077817" title="Al Barabir">
Al Barabir

Al Barabir is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077819" title="Al Bi'ar">
Al Bi'ar

Al Bi’ār is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077820" title="Al Buraykah">
Al Buraykah

Al Buraykah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077821" title="Al Fawwarah">
Al Fawwarah

Al Fawwārah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077824" title="Al Faydah">
Al Faydah

Al Fayḑah is a village in Makkah Province, in Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077825" title="Al Fazz">
Al Fazz

Al Fazz is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077827" title="Al Gharith">
Al Gharith

Al Gharith is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077829" title="Al Ghulah">
Al Ghulah

Al Ghulah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077832" title="Al Hada">
Al Hada

Al Hada is a city in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia near Taif. Al Hada is a mountain resort city, with many five star hotels. Theme Parks made it attractive for the tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="31077834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077834" title="Al Halaqah">
Al Halaqah

Al Halaqah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077835" title="Al Hamimah">
Al Hamimah

Al Hamimah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077838" title="Al Harra', Makkah">
Al Harra', Makkah

Al Harra' is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077839" title="Al Hawiyah">
Al Hawiyah

Al Hawiyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077840" title="Al Hazm, Makkah">
Al Hazm, Makkah

Al Hazm is a town in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.It lies near Turabah.

</doc>
<doc id="31077843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077843" title="Al Jadidah">
Al Jadidah

Al Jadidah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077844" title="Al Jami`ah">
Al Jami`ah

Al Jami`ah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077846" title="Al Jid`">
Al Jid`

Al Jid` is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077847" title="Al Jumum">
Al Jumum

Al Jumum is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077849" title="Al Ju`ranah">
Al Ju`ranah

Al Ju`ranah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077852" title="Al Khadra', Makkah">
Al Khadra', Makkah

Al Khadra is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077854" title="Al Khalas">
Al Khalas

Al Khalas is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077857" title="Al Khamrah">
Al Khamrah

Al Khamrah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077860" title="Al Khaydar">
Al Khaydar

Al Khaydar is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077862" title="Al Khayf">
Al Khayf

Al Khayf is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077863" title="Al Khulasah">
Al Khulasah

Al Khulasah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077865" title="Al Kidwah">
Al Kidwah

Al Kidwah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077867" title="Al Kura`">
Al Kura`

Al Kura` is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077868" title="Al Madiq, Makkah">
Al Madiq, Makkah

Al Madiq is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077869" title="Al Maghal">
Al Maghal

Al Maghal is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077870" title="Al Mahjar">
Al Mahjar

Al Mahjar is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077871" title="Al Maqrah">
Al Maqrah

Al Maqrah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077873" title="Al Masarrah">
Al Masarrah

Al Masarrah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077874" title="Al Masfalah">
Al Masfalah

Al Masfalah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077875" title="Al Mashayikh">
Al Mashayikh

Al Mashayikh is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077876" title="Al Mathnah">
Al Mathnah

Al Mathnah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077877" title="Al Ma`rash">
Al Ma`rash

Al Ma`rash is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077878" title="Al Mubarak">
Al Mubarak

Al Mubarak is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077881" title="Al Mudawwarah">
Al Mudawwarah

Al Mudawwarah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077882" title="Al Mulayha'">
Al Mulayha'

Al Mulayha' is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077883" title="Al Mundassah">
Al Mundassah

Al Mundassah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077884" title="Al Muqayti`">
Al Muqayti`

Al Muqayti` is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077885" title="NPO “Digital Television Systems”">
NPO “Digital Television Systems”

Public company “NPO “Digital Television Systems” is an enterprise for various equipment and devices assembling for a wide range of purposes (from office equipment to the military and medical equipment of the highest quality). The plant utilizes full production cycle: from initial installation to complete assembly, testing and packaging of the finished products.
The Company History.
The Company was established in 2007 on the basis of the Kaliningrad special economic zone. The primary investments sum exceeded 250 million rubles.
The original concept of development has included receivers production for receiving the satellite and terrestrial TV digital broadcasts. Along with this, it was planned to build radio-electronics "on order".
The Company was actively building its production capacity and - over a couple of years - managed to make a huge leap. Already in 2010, the daily throughput of assembly lines amounted to 3,000 boards. The automated assembly performance was 25000 components per hour; handmade assembly productivity comprised 60000 components per hour.
According to Tkachenko, the President of the Association “General Satellite Corporation”, the plant can produce any type of equipment - from TV-sets to cell phones and handhelds with the GLONASS reception – provided there is an order. In this case, the customer provides the initial components for the assembly.
Russian Television Digitalization.
One of the most ambitious projects that involved NGOs DTN is the digitalization of Russian television. For instance, the Company management and the Kaliningrad region administration signed an agreement in February 2010 on cooperation between the parties, which aims to “achieve by 2015 a full digital broadcasting coverage of the Kaliningrad region and two public channel packages launch.”
“The fact that there appeared the Company, and the Region management provided proper conditions for the Company’s operation and has undertaken measures to reduce the receiver price for the low-income residents of the region gave us the opportunity to include Kaliningrad in the program without increasing the federal spending plan,” - said Sergey Ivanov, who visited the Plant together with Kaliningrad Governor Georgy Boos and the Communications Minister Igor Shchyogolev.
Social significance.
The Company is of great importance both for the Gusev town, and for the entire Region. First of all, new jobs have been created and are still created (even by the end of 2008 the jobs increased up to 1500). Secondly, the enterprise is involved in various social programs and regional projects. For example, the Company provides its own training program in Gusev Polytechnic College, which allows getting the next generation employees ready right out of school."

</doc>
<doc id="31077886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077886" title="Al Muqr">
Al Muqr

Al Muqr is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077889" title="Al Muraysiyah">
Al Muraysiyah

Al Muraysiyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077890" title="Al Muwayh">
Al Muwayh

Al Muwayh is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077891" title="Al Qadimah">
Al Qadimah

Al Qadimah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077892" title="Al Qararah">
Al Qararah

Al Qararah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077893" title="Al Qaryat">
Al Qaryat

Al Qaryat is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077894" title="Al Qawba`iyah">
Al Qawba`iyah

Al Qawba`iyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077895" title="Al Qirshan">
Al Qirshan

Al Qirshan is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077896" title="Al Qirw">
Al Qirw

Al Qirw is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077899" title="Al Qufayf">
Al Qufayf

Al Qufayf is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077902" title="Al Qushashiyah">
Al Qushashiyah

Al Qushashiyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077904" title="Al Qu`tubah">
Al Qu`tubah

Al Qu`tubah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077906" title="Al Ukhaydir">
Al Ukhaydir

Al Ukhaydir is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077907" title="Al Waht">
Al Waht

Al Waht is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077909" title="Al Yamaniyah">
Al Yamaniyah

Al Yamaniyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077913" title="Brezje pri Rožnem Dolu">
Brezje pri Rožnem Dolu

Brezje pri Rožnem Dolu (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. The entire area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. 

</doc>
<doc id="31077917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077917" title="The Naughty Princess">
The Naughty Princess

The Naughty Princess is an opéra bouffe with music by Charles Cuvillier, book by J. Hastings Turner, and lyrics by Adrian Ross. The work, adapted from "La reine joyeuse" by Cuvillier and Andre Barde, depicts a princess with very modern ideas, who rebels against arranged marriage and court etiquette. It was first produced in London in 1920 and 1921.
History.
The piece, adapted from the 1912 opéra bouffe "La reine joyeuse" (also known as "La reine s'amuse") by Cuvillier and André Barde, was presented under the management of George Grossmith, Jr. and Edward Laurillard at the Adelphi Theatre, London, on 7 October 1920, and ran until 28 May 1921, 280 performances. A production toured Australia in 1922, under the J.C. Williamson management.
Synopsis.
King Michael of Panoplia is driven to distraction by the behaviour of his daughter, Princess Sophia. She refuses to consent to the marriage with Prince Gospodar that, for political reasons, the king earnestly desires for her. She announces her intention of leaving the court and becoming a painter. The king calculates that if she can be manoeuvred into a flirtation with an undesirable, Gospodar may then seem a better prospect. The king's nephew, Prince Ladislas, is recruited to help in this scheme. He has been away in Paris for ten years, studying hard at the Sorbonne. It is agreed that he will pose as the well-known painter Hippolyte Flaméche, and in that guise he is introduced to the princess. She is delighted, and invites the false Flaméche to paint her portrait. Unfortunately Ladislas is no painter and his picture is not a success. Nevertheless, Sophia insists that he should take her to Paris. With Ladislas and a lady-in-waiting, and all the royal jewels, Sophia departs for Paris. The king, attracted by the chance of revisiting the scenes of his own youth, also decides to go to Paris incognito.
In Paris, they all converge at the famous festivities at the "Bal des Quat'z' Arts", where the theme is "ancient Egypt", with spectacular costumes and tableaux. Ladislas meets an old flame, Chiquette, who has become the wife of the real Hippolyte Flaméche. Flamméche is much taken with Sophia, but Chiquette is concerned for Sophia's innocence and takes her under her protective wing. Ladislas has by now come to love Sophia, and for her own good gives a feigned display of drunkenness and violent protestations of love under the plea that this is the thoroughly Bohemian behaviour that she craves. King Michael is enjoying himself too much to pay any attention to an urgent message brought by a courier from his capital.
At Ladislas's studio in the rue du Diable, the revellers are gathered after leaving the "bal". The messenger finally manages to get Michael to attend to his message. There has been a revolution in Panoplia, Michael is deposed, and Sophia has been proclaimed queen. Sophia learns that the Bohemian who kissed her so passionately at the "bal" is Prince Ladislas, and gladly accepts his proposal of marriage.
Critical reception.
"The Observer" praised Grossmith's subtlety of performance, but thought "Mr. Cuvillier's music will make the play go, Mr. Berry's humour will make the play go, Miss Lily St. John's clear voice, and her delightful embarrassment at the applause she gets, will make the play go – and the setting and the costumes were thought tremendously fine." "The Times" praised the production: "As a riot of fantastic colour it was one of the most exhilarating that we have seen on the London stage for a long time." Of the music, the paper commented, "The official label of "The Naughty Princess" is "opéra bouffe". Now and again certainly Cuvillier's music seemed to justify the description. … The waltz song and its Egyptian splendours will carry it far."

</doc>
<doc id="31077919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077919" title="The Wonderful Story (1932 film)">
The Wonderful Story (1932 film)

The Wonderful Story is a 1932 British drama film directed by Reginald Fogwell and starring Wyn Clare, John Batten and Moore Marriott. A paralysed farmer watches as the girl he intends to marry falls in love with his brother. It was based on a novel by I.A.R. Wylie.

</doc>
<doc id="31077927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077927" title="Ar Rabwah al `Ulya">
Ar Rabwah al `Ulya

Ar Rabwah al `Ulya is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077928" title="Ar Rabwah as Sufla">
Ar Rabwah as Sufla

Ar Rabwah as Sufla is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077929" title="Ar Rafah">
Ar Rafah

Ar Rafah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077931" title="Ar Rawdah ash Shamaliyah">
Ar Rawdah ash Shamaliyah

Ar Rawdah ash Shamaliyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077936" title="Ar Rayyan, Saudi Arabia">
Ar Rayyan, Saudi Arabia

Ar Rayyan is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077941" title="Ar Rudaymah">
Ar Rudaymah

Ar Rudaymah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077942" title="Arya`">
Arya`

Arya` is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077947" title="As Sadr">
As Sadr

As Sadr is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077950" title="As Samd ash Shamali">
As Samd ash Shamali

As Samd ash Shamali is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077952" title="As Sayl al Kabir">
As Sayl al Kabir

As Sayl al Kabir is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077954" title="As Sayl as Saghir">
As Sayl as Saghir

As Sayl as Saghir is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077955" title="As Sifyani">
As Sifyani

As Sifyani is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077956" title="As Sudayrah, Makkah">
As Sudayrah, Makkah

As Sudayrah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077958" title="As Sur, Saudi Arabia">
As Sur, Saudi Arabia

As Sur is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077961" title="As Suwadah">
As Suwadah

As Suwadah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077962" title="Ash Shafa">
Ash Shafa

Ash Shafa is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077963" title="Ash Shajwah">
Ash Shajwah

Ash Shajwah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077965" title="Ash Shamiyah">
Ash Shamiyah

Ash Shamiyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077967" title="Ash Shara'i`">
Ash Shara'i`

Ash Shara'i` is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077970" title="Ash Shara'i` al `Ulya">
Ash Shara'i` al `Ulya

Ash Shara'i` al `Ulya is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077971" title="Ash Shaybi">
Ash Shaybi

Ash Shaybi is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077973" title="Ash Shishah">
Ash Shishah

Ash Shishah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077974" title="Ash Shi`b">
Ash Shi`b

Ash Shi`b is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077976" title="Ash Shumaysi">
Ash Shumaysi

Ash Shumaysi is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077978" title="Ash Shuwaybit">
Ash Shuwaybit

Ash Shuwaybit is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077980" title="At Tan`im">
At Tan`im

At Tan`im is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077981" title="At Tarfa'">
At Tarfa'

At Tarfa' is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077984" title="At Turqi">
At Turqi

At Turqi is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077985" title="Az Zaymah">
Az Zaymah

Az Zaymah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077987" title="Az Zilal">
Az Zilal

Az Zilal is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077988" title="Az Zughbah">
Az Zughbah

Az Zughbah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077989" title="Az Zurra`">
Az Zurra`

Az Zurra` is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077990" title="Az Zuwayb">
Az Zuwayb

Az Zuwayb is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077991" title="Bahrah">
Bahrah

Bahrah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077992" title="Bahrat al Qadimah">
Bahrat al Qadimah

Bahrat al Qadimah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077994" title="Bahwil">
Bahwil

Bahwil is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077995" title="Baranah">
Baranah

Baranah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077996" title="Barzah">
Barzah

Barzah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077997" title="Bashm">
Bashm

Bashm is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077998" title="Buraykah">
Buraykah

Buraykah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31077999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31077999" title="Burayman">
Burayman

Burayman is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078000" title="Dabyah">
Dabyah

Dabyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078001" title="Dughaybjah">
Dughaybjah

Dughaybjah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078003" title="Fayd">
Fayd

Fayd or Fa'idah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078004" title="Hadda'">
Hadda'

Hadda' is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078006" title="Haddat ash Sham">
Haddat ash Sham

Haddat ash Sham is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078008" title="Hadhah">
Hadhah

Hadhah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078009" title="Halamah">
Halamah

Halamah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078010" title="Hajur">
Hajur

Hajur is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078014" title="Husnah">
Husnah

Husnah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078015" title="Julayyil">
Julayyil

Julayyil is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078016" title="Khulays">
Khulays

Khulays is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078019" title="Khumrah">
Khumrah

Khumrah is a small town in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.It lies just to the south of Jeddah.

</doc>
<doc id="31078020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078020" title="Kulakh">
Kulakh

Kulakh or Kulaikh is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078023" title="Madrakah">
Madrakah

Madrakah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078025" title="Mafruq">
Mafruq

Mafruq is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078026" title="Malakan">
Malakan

Malakan is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078027" title="Mashajji">
Mashajji

Mashajji is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078028" title="Masihat Mahd al Hayl">
Masihat Mahd al Hayl

Masihat Mahd al Hayl is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078029" title="Maskar">
Maskar

Maskar is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078031" title="Matiyah">
Matiyah

Matiyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078033" title="Murshidiyah">
Murshidiyah

Murshidiyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078034" title="Mushrif">
Mushrif

Mushrif is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078035" title="Nughayshiyah">
Nughayshiyah

Nughayshiyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078036" title="Georges-Elia Sarfati">
Georges-Elia Sarfati

Georges Elia Sarfati (born 1957) is a linguist, philosopher and Franco-Israeli poet writing in French. He is a University Professor, a director of research at the Sorbonne University of Paris IV. A former professor at the University of Tel Aviv (1993–2001), and an associate at the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs. He is a member of the editorial board of the French journal "Controverses" and the Israeli Im Tirtzu movement. He is also a specialist in Jewish Studies and a professor at the University of Clermont-Ferrand.
He introduced into language theory the philosophical and anthropological question of common sense and doxa, that is, commonly accepted beliefs. His research has developed a conception of social reproduction based on a theory of the norms of the practice and institutions of meaning. Following the Italian thinker Antonio Gramsci, he has worked out a critical elite and hegemony theory, linked to a political conception of discourse.
His work in philosophy constitutes a reflection on the Jewish condition profoundly shaped by Israel's national renaissance. For Georges-Elia Sarfati, the responsibility of contemporary Jewish philosophy consists in reaffirming both the spiritual and the historical dimension of Israel, in the face of various forms of nihilism. This perspective is inseparable from criticism of the hostile discourses that have accompanied this renaissance.
He was awarded the Louise Labé Poetry Prize (2002).
In 2010, he founded the Popular University of Jerusalem, based on the principle of "knowledge for everyone". Instruction at the PUJ is aimed at responding to the campaigns delegitimizing Israel, by using active pedagogy.
Bibliography.
Philosophy.
"L'Envers du destin, entretiens avec Léon Poliakov", Ed. Bernard de Fallois, Paris, 1989.
Poetry.
Le Gramophone d'Ingres"], Les 4 Fils, Paris, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="31078037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078037" title="Nuzlat al Faqin">
Nuzlat al Faqin

Nuzlat al Faqin is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078038" title="Brezje pri Vinjem Vrhu">
Brezje pri Vinjem Vrhu

Brezje pri Vinjem Vrhu (; ) is a settlement in the hills south of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The Municipality of Semič is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
A Bronze Age settlement was identified in the area in a 1986 archaeological field survey.

</doc>
<doc id="31078039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078039" title="Qiya">
Qiya

Qiya is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078041" title="Quwayzah">
Quwayzah

Quwayzah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078044" title="Raqiyah">
Raqiyah

Raqiyah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078046" title="Sabuhah">
Sabuhah

Sabuhah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078047" title="Shara'i` al Mujahidin">
Shara'i` al Mujahidin

Sharā’i‘ al Mujāhidīn or Ash Sharā’i‘ al Mujāhidīn is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078048" title="Shi`b `amir">
Shi`b `amir

Shi`b `amir is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078049" title="Linnville">
Linnville

Linnville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31078051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078051" title="Shira`ayn">
Shira`ayn

Shira`ayn is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078053" title="Sulaym">
Sulaym

Sulaym is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078054" title="Sumaymah">
Sumaymah

Sumaymah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078056" title="Suways">
Suways

Suways is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078058" title="Tharwah">
Tharwah

Tharwah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078060" title="Wadi al Jalil">
Wadi al Jalil

Wadi al Jalil is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078075" title="Where the Arches Used To Be">
Where the Arches Used To Be

"Where the Arches Used To Be" is a song performed by the comedic act Flanagan and Allen in the 1935 film "A Fire Has Been Arranged". It was a sequel to their popular theme song "Underneath the Arches". A sentimental ballad, the protagonists lament the fact that the railway arches where they have slept for many years are being knocked down and flats built in their place, leaving them homeless. The song ends with them heading out on the open road.

</doc>
<doc id="31078078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078078" title="Wheelchair basketball at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair basketball at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair basketball at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held from 30 August to 8 September. Competitions were held at the newly built Basketball Arena, which seated 10,000 spectators, and The O2 Arena (renamed "North Greenwich Arena" during the games due to sponsorship rules). Australia were the defending champions of the men's championship, while the United States were the defending champions of the women's championship.
Competition format.
In the men's tournament, twelve qualified nations were drawn into two groups, each consisting of six teams, where each team met the other teams once. The four highest placed teams in each group then advanced to a knock-out round to decide the medals and 4th to 8th places. The fifth-placed teams met each other over the 9th and 10th places, and the sixth-placed teams met each other over the 11th and 12th places.
In the women's tournament, ten qualified nations were drawn into two groups, each consisting of five teams, where each team met the other teams once. The four highest placed teams in each group then advanced to a knock-out round to decide the medals and 4th to 8th places. The fifth-placed teams met each other over the 9th and 10th places.
Athlete classification.
Athletes are given an eight-level-score specific to wheelchair basketball, ranging from 0.5 to 4.5. Lower scores represented a higher degree of disability. The sum score of all players on the court cannot exceed 14.
Qualification.
The Great Britain wheelchair basketball teams received automatic qualification as hosts. An NPC may enter up to one men's team with 12 players and up to one women's team with 12 players.
Medalists.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="31078088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078088" title="KDF Energy">
KDF Energy

KDF Energy is the leader greenhouse gases emissions trading on the Romanian market. The company was set up in 2002, has subsidiaries in Bulgaria, Greece and Lithuania and is fully controlled by Romanian citizen George Brailoiu.
KDF Energy is a member of Dutch-based environmental commodities exchange Climex and trades with foreign brokers on London’s European Climate Exchange (ECX) and Paris-based BlueNext.

</doc>
<doc id="31078101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078101" title="LTBF (disambiguation)">
LTBF (disambiguation)

LTBF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31078118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078118" title="Alasea">
Alasea

Alasea is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family, containing only one species, Alasea corniculata, which is known from Costa Rica.
The length of the forewings is 4.5–5.2 mm for males and 5.2–5.7 mm for females.
Etymology.
The species is named for the horn-shaped projection on the valva. The word is derived from the Latin adjective "corniculatus".

</doc>
<doc id="31078119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078119" title="Betrayal (1932 film)">
Betrayal (1932 film)

Betrayal is a 1932 British crime film directed by Reginald Fogwell and starring Stewart Rome, Marjorie Hume and Leslie Perrins. A woman attempts to save her husband from being hanged for a crime he didn't commit. It is based on a play "No Crime of Passion" by Hubert G. Griffith.

</doc>
<doc id="31078140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078140" title="Samir Abdel Fattah">
Samir Abdel Fattah

Samir Abdel Fattah is a Yemeni short story writer, novelist and playwright. He moved to Sanaa in 1982, where he studied economics and business at university. He is known for his short story collections, the first of which, "Ranin al-matar", appeared in 2002. He has published two more collections since. He has written two novels: "Riwayat al-Sayyid Mim" (2007) and "Ibn al-nasr" (2008). He has also written plays for the theatre. 
Abdel Fattah is a versatile writer, with a particular interest in European literature, especially that of Russia. He often deals with existential themes and his work is regarded as part of the avant-garde in modern Yemeni literature. In 2009, he teamed up with fellow writers Nadia al-Kokabany, Wajdi al-Ahdal and Ali al-Moqri to form a literary group called "Meeting Yesterday". His work has been translated into Italian and was included in an anthology of contemporary Yemeni writers called "Perle Dello Yemen" (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="31078156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078156" title="1581 in science">
1581 in science

The year 1581 in science and technology included the following notable events.

</doc>
<doc id="31078162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078162" title="GPGMail">
GPGMail

GPGMail is an extension for Apple Mail that provides public key e-mail encryption and signing. GPGMail works under Mac OS and the actual cryptographic functionality is handled by GNU Privacy Guard.
GPGMail was first released on Feb 7, 2001, by Stéphane Corthésy, and since 2010 maintained by the GPGTools Team. Both GPGMail and GNU Privacy Guard are free open-source software.

</doc>
<doc id="31078174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078174" title="May 1923 Air Union Farman Goliath crash">
May 1923 Air Union Farman Goliath crash

The May 1923 Air Union Farman Goliath crash occurred on 14 May 1923 when Farman F.60 Goliath F-AEBY of Air Union crashed at Monsures, Somme, France following the structural failure of a wing in flight. All six people on board were killed.
Aircraft.
The aircraft involved was Farman F.60 Goliath F-AEBY, c/n 3. The aircraft had entered service with Compagnie des Messageries Aériennes in April 1922, passing to Air Union in January 1923.
Accident.
The aircraft departed Le Bourget Airport, Paris at 12:35 local time with two crew and four passengers on board. At 13:42, the aircraft crashed at Monsures, Somme and burst into flames. A "garde champêtre" witnessed the aircraft flying at an altitude of when he saw what he described as "an explosion" in the air. The aircraft crashed and was consumed in the fire that followed. All six people on board were killed, including M. Pierrot, the Technical Director of Air Union. The cause of the accident was the structural failure of a wing. One of the aircraft's wings was found at a distance of from the location of the main wreckage. One pair of wheels from the undercarriage was found near the railway line from Amiens to Beauvais, several hundred yards from the wreckage.
Casualties.
The nationalities of the victims were:-

</doc>
<doc id="31078177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078177" title="Melanoxena">
Melanoxena

Melanoxena is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family, containing only one species, Melanoxena falsissima, which is known from Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078184" title="Ashmen Iskandar Weiss">
Ashmen Iskandar Weiss

Ashmen Iskandar Weiss (Jawi: اشمن إسكندر وياسس) also known as Ashmen (born July 9, 1994) is a Malaysian actor and model. He is of Malay, Chinese, Pakistani and Austrian extraction, he is best known for his television debut as Adam in Disney's Waktu Rehat.

</doc>
<doc id="31078199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078199" title="Munich Digitization Center">
Munich Digitization Center

Munich Digitization Center (German "Das Münchener Digitalisierungszentrum" (MDZ)) is an institution dedicated to digitalization, Online publication and the long-term archival preservation of the holdings of the Bavarian State Library and other cultural heritage institutions. It was founded in 1997 under the leadership of Mark Brantl. It operates as a unit of the Bavarian State Library.

</doc>
<doc id="31078206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078206" title="Al khadra'">
Al khadra'

Al khadra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31078236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078236" title="Victoria Radio Network">
Victoria Radio Network

The Victoria Radio Network (VRN) is a hospital radio station based in Kirkcaldy, Scotland. It currently broadcasts 24 hours a day to the premises of the Victoria Hospital and surrounding facilities on 1287AM/MW, and to patients' bedside radios.
History.
VRN was formed in February 1971 by a group of young people in Kirkcaldy. Its first broadcast took place on March 3, and the studio was originally housed in a cupboard of the main tower block of the hospital.
The station moved to premises on nearby St Clair Street, approximately 1 mile from the hospital. However, when this area was later redeveloped, the station moved back to the hospital site. This time, a custom-built studio was created out of Portakabins. The final move was to an old boiler house on Willow Drive.
In 2002, VRN was awarded a medium wave broadcasting licence. The first AM (medium wave) broadcast took place on 2nd Feb 2002, and the station continues to broadcast on AM to the present day.
Status.
The station is a registered charity (SC000302) and is run by a management committee. VRN holds a Restricted Service Licence to broadcast on AM (medium wave) and its output is regulated by OFCOM.
Membership.
VRN is run entirely by volunteers, with no full-time members of staff. There are currently around 50 members of the team. The majority of members are presenters, but there are also ward visitors, fundraisers and committee positions.
Broadcasting Output.
As a hospital station, output is directed towards patients, staff and visitors.
Main programming features include:
When presenters are not in the studio, a series of pre-recorded programmes are played along with music.
Former Members.
An important function of hospital radio is that it has allows a first step for those looking to work in broadcasting.
Notable former members of VRN include:
Awards.
VRN has received many awards over the years for its output. Many of these have come from the Hospital Broadcasting Association (HBA).
Recent awards include:
Website.
As a hospital station, VRN does not stream its output online. However, a selection of archived material can be listened to via the VRNplayer.
References.
VRN are currently (05/2012) doing tests for internet steaming, with the view of providing this service for their listeners

</doc>
<doc id="31078243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078243" title="Ghamrah">
Ghamrah

Ghamrah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31078248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078248" title="Parvis de Saint-Gilles/Sint-Gillis Voorplein premetro station">
Parvis de Saint-Gilles/Sint-Gillis Voorplein premetro station

Parvis de Saint-Gilles/Sint-Gillis Voorplein is part of the Brussels Metro, situated in the Saint-Gilles commune of the Brussels capital region, Belgium.
Opened on 3 December 1993, the station forms part of a southerly extension to the north-south premetro line (formerly line 3), which originally linked the Brussels-North railway station and Brussels-South railway station. The underground station serves the 3, 4, 33 and 51 trams and there is a surface connection to the 48 bus route. The main entrance is from the church square (parvis, voorplein) of Saint-Gilles/Sint-Gillis for which it is named. The current church, which dominates the site, designed by Victor Besme and built in the 1860s, is eclectic in style. It replaced an earlier church, on which work commenced in 1595 but did not finish until 1765, which in turn had replaced a 13th-century building which was demolished in 1578 to strengthen the fortifications of Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="31078253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078253" title="George B. Glover">
George B. Glover

George B. Glover (traditional Chinese: 吉羅福, simplified Chinese: 吉罗福; 8 Jul 1827 - 4 Oct 1885) was an American who served as a diplomat and also a commissioner in the Imperial Chinese Maritime Customs Service during the late nineteenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="31078256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078256" title="List of Western Australia first-class cricketers">
List of Western Australia first-class cricketers

A total of 430 players have appeared for Western Australia in matches since the team's first-class debut during the 1892–93 Australian cricket season. As of the end of the 2012–13 season, Western Australia as a team has played in exactly 700 first-class matches, the majority against other Australian states in the Sheffield Shield.
List.
Statistics included are only for matches played for Western Australia

</doc>
<doc id="31078259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078259" title="Philip Stubbs (priest)">
Philip Stubbs (priest)

Philip Stubbs (1665–1738) was an English churchman, archdeacon of St Albans and Fellow of the Royal Society.
Life.
He was son of Philip Stubbs, citizen and vintner of London, and was born on 2 October 1665, during the Great Plague of London, in the parish of St Andrew Undershaft. He was educated from 1678 to 1682 at Merchant Taylors' School, and went as a commoner to Wadham College, Oxford, on 23 March 1683. In the following year he was elected scholar of the college, graduated B.A. in 1686, M.A. in 1689, became fellow in 1691, and proceeded B.D. in 1722.
On taking holy orders he was appointed curate in the united parishes of St Benet Gracechurch and St Leonard Eastcheap. He was then chaplain successively to Robert Grove, bishop of Chichester, and to George Hastings, 8th Earl of Huntingdon. From 1694 to 1699 he was rector of Woolwich, and was chosen first chaplain of Greenwich Hospital, an office which he held until his death. On leaving Woolwich he was presented by the bishop of London to the rectory of St Alphage London Wall, to which was added in 1705 the parish of St James Garlickhithe.
Stubbs was elected F.R.S. on 30 November 1703, and was interested in literature and archæology. Richard Steele, present one Sunday in St James Garlickhithe when Stubbs was officiating, eulogised him in "The Spectator". In 1715 Stubbs was preferred to the archdeaconry of St Albans, and four years later the bishop of London collated him to the rectory of Launton, Oxfordshire. He interested himself in the education of poorer children, and he was instrumental in founding day schools in the parishes of St Alphage and St James, as well as in Bicester, near Launton. He died there on 13 September 1738, and was buried in the old burial-ground of the hospital, his tombstone being preserved in the mausoleum.
Works.
He published separate sermons and addresses, as well as a collected volume of sermons in 1704 (8vo). His sermon, ‘God's Dominion over the Seas and the Seaman's Duty,’ preached at Longreach on board the "Royal Sovereign", reached a third edition, and was translated into French and distributed among the French seamen who were prisoners at the time. He was one of the earliest promoters of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, and drew up the first report of its proceedings in 1703; and was selected to preach the sermon in St Paul's Cathedral on Trinity Sunday 1711, the day appointed by the queen for a collection in the city for the society, later published as ‘The Divine Mission of Gospel Ministers.’ He also took an active part in the development of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge.
Family.
Stubbs married, in 1696, Mary, daughter of John Willis, rector of West Horndon, Essex. She survived her husband for twenty-one years, during which she lived in the Bromley College for clergymen's widows, and died in 1759, aged 95. By her he had two surviving sons and one daughter. The archdeacon's only sister, Elizabeth, married Ambrose Bonwicke, the elder, the nonjuror and headmaster of Merchant Taylors' School.

</doc>
<doc id="31078270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078270" title="Dieter Below">
Dieter Below

Dieter Below (born 23 June 1942) is a German sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Soling Class" with Michael Zachries and Olaf Engelhardt at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="31078282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078282" title="Caloreas">
Caloreas

Caloreas is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="31078283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078283" title="Abu `Arish">
Abu `Arish

Abu `Arish is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia. Historically, Abu `Arish produced and exported salt rock.

</doc>
<doc id="31078285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078285" title="Abu Hajar al A'la">
Abu Hajar al A'la

Abū Ḩajar al A‘lá is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078286" title="Abu Radif">
Abu Radif

Abu Radif is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078289" title="Ad Dur`iyah">
Ad Dur`iyah

Ad Dur`iyah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078291" title="Ivan Plum">
Ivan Plum

Ivan Plum (born 6 May 1992 in Osijek) is a Croatian football striker, currently playing for Radnik Sesvete in the Druga HNL.
Club career.
Plum started his career playing at youth level for his hometown club Osijek. For his performances in the 2008–09 youth season ("Kadeti"), he was declared player of the year by Sportske novosti. He made his debut for the first team in the 2009–10 Prva HNL season against Croatia Sesvete on 20 March 2010, when he replaced Petar Stojkić for the final fifteen minutes of the match. Next season he also got the chance as a substitute, this time in a 3–0 away defeat against Cibalia. In January 2011, he was transferred to Dinamo Zagreb along with his brother Hrvoje in a package deal worth 300,000 €. Immediately after the transfer, Plum was loaned to Treća HNL side Radnik Sesvete and helped them reach promotion to Druga HNL.
Career stats.
Last updated on 14 November 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31078295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078295" title="HMS M25">
HMS M25

HMS "M25" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor. She was also served in the British intervention in Russia in 1919, and was scuttled in the Dvina River on 16 September, 1919.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M25"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk VI gun removed from the HMS "Endymion". In addition to her 9.2-inch gun she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six-pound anti-aircraft gun. She was equipped with a four-shaft Bolinder four-cylinder semi-diesel engine with 640 horsepower that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty-nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M25" ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the Sir Raylton Dixon & Co. Ltd shipyard in March 1915, launched on 24 July 1915, and completed in September 1915.
World War 1.
"M25" served with the Dover Patrol from September 1915 to June 1918. In early 1916, "M25" had her main 9.2in gun removed, as it was required for artillery use on the Western Front, and a BL MK III gun from HMS "Swiftsure" was fitted in lieu. 
Russia.
"M25" next saw service, along with five other monitors ("M23", "M27", "M31", "M33" and HMS "Humber"), which were sent to Murmansk in May 1919 to relieve the North Russian Expeditionary Force.
In June, 1919, "M25" moved to Archangel and her shallow draught enabled her to travel up the Dvina River to cover the withdrawal of British and White Russian forces. "M25" and her sister ship "M27" were unable to be recovered when the river level fell and were scuttled on 16 September 1919 after running aground.

</doc>
<doc id="31078296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078296" title="Ravinder Singh (general)">
Ravinder Singh (general)

Ravinder Singh s/o Harchand Singh is a Singaporean former army general. He served as the Chief of the Singapore Army from 2011–2014 and held the rank of Major-General.
Education.
Singh received the Singapore Armed Forces Overseas Training Award (Academic) in 1983. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts (First Class Honours) and a Master of Arts in engineering science from the University of Oxford in 1986 and 1992 respectively. He was awarded the Singapore Armed Forces Postgraduate Scholarship in 1995. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1996 with a Master of Science in management. 
Military career.
Singh enlisted in the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) in December 1982. He was commissioned as a signals officer in December 1986 and served in active duty with the United Nations Iraq–Kuwait Observation Mission (UNIKOM) in Kuwait in 1991. In 1995, he attended the United States Army Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth. Throughout his military career, he has held various other appointments, including: Head, System Development Group; Commander, 2nd Singapore Infantry Brigade; Commander, 6th Division; Chief of Staff, Joint Staff; Deputy Secretary (Technology), Ministry of Defence.
Singh succeeded Chan Chun Sing as the Chief of Army on 25 March 2011 and held this appointment until 21 March 2014, when he was succeeded by Perry Lim. Singh, who is of Punjabi Indian descent and a Sikh by religion, is the first non-Chinese Singaporean to serve as the Chief of Army since 1982.
Personal life.
Singh is married to Kohila and they have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="31078298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078298" title="PIM Dense Mode">
PIM Dense Mode

PIM dense mode is the mode of Protocol Independent Multicast which assumes that almost all receivers receive this packet stream.

</doc>
<doc id="31078306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078306" title="Michael Zachries">
Michael Zachries

Michael Zachries (born 29 October 1943) is a German sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Soling Class" with Dieter Below and Olaf Engelhardt at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="31078324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078324" title="Rathbones Bakeries">
Rathbones Bakeries

Rathbones Bakeries was a bakery founded in 1893, in Lydney, Gloucestershire. By 1997 it was owned by Greencore, through that company's purchase of Kears Group Two years later, Kears Group rebranded itself as Rathbones. 
Kears was bought from Greencore by Finedon Mill of Northampton, for £20.6 million in April 2004, a year in which it had sales of £100 million, with customers including Morrisons and Tesco. Following a fire the company went into receivership, with part of its operation sold to Warburtons and parts to Morrisons in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31078332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078332" title="Olaf Engelhardt">
Olaf Engelhardt

Olaf Engelhardt (born 2 March 1951) is a German sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Soling Class" with Dieter Below and Michael Zachries at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="31078336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078336" title="Impact of the Arab Spring">
Impact of the Arab Spring

The impact of the Arab Spring concerns protests or by the way attempts to organize growing protest movements that were inspired by or similar to the Arab Spring in the Arab-majority states of North Africa and the Middle East, according to commentators, organisers, and critics. These demonstrations and protest efforts have all been critical of the government in their respective countries, though they have ranged from calls for the incumbent government to make certain policy changes to attempts to bring down the current political system in its entirety. In some countries, protests have become large or widespread enough to effect change at the national level, as in Armenia, while in others, such as Djibouti, were swiftly suppressed.
Protests considered to be inspired by the Arab Spring have taken place on every inhabited continent, with varying degrees of success and prominence. On 15 October 2011, the subsidiary "Occupy" and Indignants movements inspired protests in 950 cities in 82 countries.
Background.
A number of popular protests by citizens against their governments occurred in nations around the world, both following and concurrently with the Arab Spring, and many of these were reported to have been inspired by events in the Arab World starting at the end of 2010, creating a network of diffusion.
Some potentially vulnerable states that have not yet seen such protests have taken a variety of preemptive measures to avoid such displays occurring in their own countries; some of these states and others have experienced political fallout as a result of their own governmental actions and reactions to events which their own citizens are seeing reported from abroad.
Sub-Saharan Africa.
Djibouti.
On 3 February, demonstrations began when about three hundred people protested peacefully against President Ismail Omar Guelleh in Djibouti City, urging him to not run for another term; the protesters further asked for more liberty as well as for political and social reform. Protests soon increased, however, as thousands rallied against the president, many vowing to remain at the site until their demands were met. On 18 February, an estimated 30,000 Dijiboutians protested in central Djibouti City against the president, maintaining that the constitutional change of the previous year, which allowed him a third term, was illegal. The demonstration escalated into clashes with the police, and at least two persons were killed and many injured when police used live ammunition and teargas against the protesters. On 19 and 24 February, protest leaders were arrested and after they failed to turn up on the 24th, opposition leader Bourhan Mohammed Ali stated he feared the protests had lost momentum. The last protest was planned for 11 March, but security forces stopped the protest and detained 4 opposition leaders. No protests or planned protests have occurred since.
Ivory Coast.
In Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast), peace activist Aya Virginie Toure organized thousands of women in numerous peaceful protests across the country. They were met by security forces with tanks that opened fire. In an impassioned interview on BBC News, Toure compared the Second Ivorian Civil War to the 2011 Libyan civil war and asked for support from the international community. She called for military intervention to remove Laurent Gbagbo from power.
Nigerian Foreign Minister Henry Odein Ajumogobia accused the international community of "contradictions" by imposing a no-fly zone over Libya and focusing on the civil war in Libya, but failing to take action to protect civilians in the Ivory Coast. Oil production in Libya is seen as a more strategic commodity than cocoa in the Ivory Coast,
Gabon.
On 29 January, riot police in Gabon fired tear gas to break up a protest by around 5,000 opposition supporters, where according to witnesses, up to 20 people were wounded. It was the second such protest since opposition leader Andre Mba Obame declared himself president on January 25 and urged people to take inspiration from Tunisia's uprising. Obame subsequently hid out in the local United Nations Development Programme office, while President Bongo shut down TV stations and allegedly kidnapped members of the opposition. The UN is accusing Gabon's police of invading and beating students within the university. Although initial protests overwhelmingly consisted of opposition loyalists, the unrest appears to be developing into a wider social conflict, with students leading the protests.
Mali.
A Tuareg rebellion in early 2012 that forced the armed forces of Mali, a West African country with significant holdings in the Sahara, to withdraw south of the line the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad (MNLA) claimed as the Tuareg homeland's southwestern frontier by April. The conflict was exacerbated by a coup d'état by the military that forced President Amadou Toumani Toure from power and briefly installed a junta in Bamako, the capital. With government forces pushed to Mopti and southward by the MNLA and other armed groups, including Ansar Dine and the Movement for Oneness and Jihad in West Africa, the MNLA's secretary general, Bilal Ag Acherif, declared Azawad an independent state on 6 April 2012.
"The Wall Street Journal", among other media outlets, has drawn a connection between the secular MNLA's vision for a democratic Azawad to the Arab Spring revolts, though as with many of the uprisings in the Middle East, Islamist factions have contested this view of Azawad's future. Ansar Dine has called for "sharia" law throughout all of Mali, not just Azawad. The Azawadi declaration of independence has also faced significant pushback from the international community, with no state or international body recognising the "de facto" state and the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) mulling options for an international military intervention against the rebels.
The rebellion and coup have been described as "fallout" from the Arab Spring, as the success of the Tuareg rebellion where it had failed in previous efforts throughout the 20th century has been attributed largely to heavy weaponry carted out of Libya by Tuareg fighters on either side of the Libyan civil war in 2011.
Mozambique.
According to Al Jazeera, a recent protest in Mozambique was related to the Arab Spring. An elite police unit crushed a workers' protest on 6 April, detaining a number of demonstrators and leaving several injured. At least one protester died as a result of the crackdown. The Mozambican Human Rights League called for an investigation and demanded the commander of the unit step down.
Uganda.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni was declared the winner of Uganda's 2011 general election on 11 February amidst opposition denunciations. Kizza Besigye, the chairman of the opposition coalition finished second with 26.01% of the vote. Besigye warned that Uganda was ripe for an Egypt-style revolt after Museveni's more than two decades in power. The protesters failed to amass in large numbers because, as the "Christian Science Monitor" suggested, a failure to tally its own results through its own SMS system was disrupted by the government, who also arrested hundreds of opposition field agents. They also suggested that Besigye did not believe his own claim of sparking a revolution. With unrest growing at the rising prices of food and fuel, the arrest of Kizza Besigye on 28 April was the catalyst for protests and riots across the Ugandan capital, Kampala, in which two were killed.
Zimbabwe.
Munyaradzi Gwisai, a former opposition member of parliament, organised a meeting to discuss the uprisings in North Africa on 21 February. He, along with 45 others, were arrested and allegedly tortured and face a charge of treason that carries the death penalty. Many Zimbwabwean migrants to South Africa, who number in the hundreds of thousands, are free to talk of the events. However, past violence in elections and many of the youth and educated middle classes having fled the country there were questions about the pool of protesters to carry out such actions.
A Million Citizen March called for in Harare on 1 March went unheeded after a heavy police presence since 26 February continued and a curfew was declared on the night of 28 February.
Europe.
Greece.
2010–12 Greek protests were a series of demonstrations and general strikes taking place across Greece. Greek protesters had taken its lead from the Arab spring.
Russia.
In March 2012 Sergei Mironov, running for the presidency of Russia, said that: "Whoever wins the presidency, if he does not immediately begin deep political and social reforms [...] Russia will be shaken by a kind of Arab Spring within two years." The Telegraph pointed out that since Mironov is a former ally of Vladimir Putin, he could have been trying to scaremonger "as a subtle way of endorsing a crackdown on street demonstrations that are expected in the days after the vote".
Imprisoned oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky has claimed that the protests which followed the 2011 Russian elections were inspired by the example of the Arab Spring. He told the Guardian newspaper, "We have only to reflect on the events in countries swept up in the Arab Spring to recognise the transformation taking place in the compact between the rulers and the ruled. While there are certainly many differences between those countries and Russia, there are some fundamental similarities."
Ukraine.
The term "Ukrainian Spring" is sometimes used in reference to the Arab Spring, which was triggered by similar causes such as heavy-handed authoritarianism, widespread official corruption, kleptocracy, and lack of opportunity.
Asia.
Armenia.
Regional unrest reached Armenia in January as merchants protested a ban on street trading in Yerevan, the former Soviet socialist republic's capital. Protesters marched in front of municipal offices and called for Mayor Karen Karapetyan to "come down", demanding that the ban be lifted. Seizing on this rising discontent in the capital city, the Armenian National Congress, led by former President Levon Ter-Petrosian, started organizing larger, more sharply politicized rallies in Yerevan in February. Rallies have drawn tens of thousands and have continued through April. Protesters demand the release of political prisoners, socio-economic reforms, full access to Yerevan's Freedom Square, and that perpetrators of violence against opposition supporters in the wake of the 2008 presidential election be brought to justice.
The government has made three major concessions: agreeing to revive and step up a hereto stagnant investigation of the 2008 protest deaths, opening Freedom Square to political rallies from 28 April forward, and issuing a general amnesty covering jailed activists the opposition considers to be political prisoners. President Serzh Sargsyan said in late April that he believed in cooperation between the government and the opposition and that his government was willing to make the "first steps" toward a compromise.
Azerbaijan.
Youth activists and opposition leaders, inspired by events of the Arab Spring, called for demonstrations on 11 and 12 March. The government responded with a crackdown on gatherings and widespread detentions. Reuters reported that at least 150 activists were arrested in Azerbaijan during March. Police arrested close to 300 demonstrators in April, detaining at least four journalists covering the incident as well. Dozens more protesters, including at least one journalist who was later released, were arrested in May.
China.
China unintentionally played a role in the Arab Spring due to the effects of a winter wheat crop failure and a massive Chinese drought that occurred in January 2011. This massive drought led the Chinese to buy wheat on the international market, henceforth doubling prices and leading to civil unrest in Egypt – the world’s largest wheat importer. Egypt’s geography and population size have led to their dependence on international wheat imports. China’s domestic efforts to alleviate the drought had serious repercussions in Egypt, where food riots spurred further civil unrest. These food riots weakened government legitimacy and destabilized the country. This served as a stepping-stone for subsequent civil unrest in Egypt.
There were calls made via social networks such as Twitter to begin a "Jasmine Revolution" in China. Chinese authorities arrested activists, increased the normal police presence, disabled some cell phone text messaging services and deleted Internet postings about protests planned for 14:00 on 20 February in Beijing, Shanghai and 11 other cities. On the day of the protests, the police turned out en masse to all of the potential protest locations in various cities around the country. Small crowds, including a large number of foreign journalists, gathered at the planned site in Beijing and Shanghai but did not chant slogans or hold signs. CPC General Secretary and President Hu Jintao responded by calling top leaders into a "study session" to root out and tackle social issues before they "become threats to stability". In a speech at the Central Party School, Hu called out for tighter restrictions to the internet.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao promised to curb inflation and punish corruption in what was seen as an attempt to curb protests. He also promised to boost food supplies and to control surging property prices. A heavy police presence was also reported in planned protest cities of Beijing and Shanghai. He said that fighting inflation was an important economic priority in order to curb social unrest.
During an interview given to Jeffrey Goldberg of "The Atlantic", Hillary Clinton responded to Goldberg's comment: "Chinese government seemed scared of the Arab rising": "Well, they are. They're worried, and they are trying to stop history, which is a fool's errand. They cannot do it. But they're going to hold it off as long as possible."
Tibetan government-in-exile.
In March 2011, the 14th Dalai Lama Tenzin Gyatso announced that he would step down from his political office as the leader of the Tibetan government-in-exile, making way for the election of a prime minister. The move was read of splitting the political and religious authority of the Tibetan leadership-in-exile. He called the rule of spiritual leaders "outdated" and added: "I do not want to be like Mubarak." An election took place on 20 March 2011 and the new prime minister of the Tibetan government-in-exile is Lobsang Sangay.
Iraqi Kurdistan.
Protests broke out in Iraqi Kurdistan, an autonomous region of Iraq, on 21 February. They continued until martial law was declared in late April and the Peshmerga, supported by the regular Iraqi Army, was deployed to quell the unrest.
Iran.
On 9 February, various Iranian opposition groups requested permission from the Ministry of Interior to protest under the supervision of the Iranian police. Permission was refused. Despite this setback, along with crackdowns on activists and members of opposition parties, opposition leaders such as Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi called for nationwide protest marches to begin on 14 February.
Rumours suggested that the protesters would include university students, lorry drivers, and gold merchants from across the country, who were protesting under the umbrella opposition known as the Green movement, the emergence of which had been inspired by the recent events in Egypt and Tunisia. The Revolutionary Guard promised to forcefully confront protesters, and opposition activists and aides to Mousavi and Karroubi were arrested in the days leading up to the demonstrations.
Estimates of the number of protesters ranged from 'thousands' to 'hundreds of thousands', depending on the source.
Reports from the demonstrations described clashes between protesters and security forces in Tehran. As part of the government strategy, security forces of approximately 10,000 personnel were deployed to prevent protesters from gathering at Azadi Square, where the marches that had originated in Enghelab, Azadi, and Vali-Asr streets were expected to converge. Police reportedly fired tear gas and used pepper spray and batons to disperse protesters. Protesters responded by setting fires in garbage bins.
Clashes were also reported in Isfahan.
Israel.
The 2011 Israeli housing protests (Hebrew: מחאת הדיור or מחאת הנדל"ן or מחאת האוהלים) are a series of ongoing street demonstrations taking place throughout Israel from 14 July 2011 onwards, and they have included the largest demonstration ever seen in the country, which took place on September 3, 2011 and had 460,000 protesters throughout the country, including 300,000 protestors in Tel Aviv alone. The protests began after a Facebook protest group led hundreds of people to camp in tents in the center of Tel Aviv on Rothschild Boulevard. The movement soon gained momentum and began a public discourse in Israel regarding the high cost of housing and living expenses. The protests quickly spread to many other cities in Israel as thousands of Israeli protesters began camping in tents in the middle of central streets as a means of protest. The protesters object to the increase in housing prices in Israel, and especially in the country's major cities.
It has been suggested in the media and scholarly research that the protests have been inspired by the ongoing Arab Spring, The Israeli protests have generally been non-violent.
Malaysia.
On 9 June 2011, Malaysians protested in Kuala Lumpur against electoral fraud perpetrated by the ruling party Barisan Nasional. Barisan Nasional and its predecessor, Perikatan (the "Alliance"), has been Malaysia's federal ruling force since independence from the British in 1957.
Maldives.
Early on 1 May 2011, protests began in the Maldives with thousands of protesters demonstrated in Male, Maldives demanding that President Mohamed Nasheed step down. Police were sent in to break up the protests. Dozens were injured and many people were arrested during the demonstrations. Protests continued the following day too. Main causes for the protests were soaring food prices and rising unemployment. The main opposition party in the nation, the DRP (Maldivian People's Party) said that "currency devaluation has increased the price of essentials". Protests continued for a week but temporarily died down.
Protests again began late in the year and led to the resignation of the president in February 2012 which is debated amongst legal experts and in the diplomatic arena as a coup. An report by an independent team of international lawyers and human rights experts headed by Associate Professor of International Law at Copenhagen University, Anders Henriksen is available.
Myanmar.
A protest campaign to "attempt to emulate the democratic revolution in Egypt that was sparked by a Facebook campaign" started in Myanmar on 13 February 2011, coordinating via a Facebook page titled "Just Do It Against Military Dictatorship". Anti-government material was distributed in several places around the country, including Mandalay and Taunggyi. More than 1000 activists support the campaign. An intense series of anti-government street protests had earlier taken place from September to November 2007.
North Korea.
The South Korean military dropped leaflets with information about the protests in Egypt and Libya into North Korea, in an attempt to induce political change in its northern neighbor, with whom it has technically been at war since the 1950s.
North Korea threatened to take military action if South Korea continued to drop leaflets fomenting revolt, Korean Central News Agency reported. According to reports in the South Korean media, there have been small pockets of protests in North Korea.
Turkey.
In Turkey supporters of BDP, the main pro-Kurdish party, have demonstrated against the Turkish government before and after the general elections.
In 2013, protesters started a stand in a silent protest at Gezi Park, opposing a plan allegedly demolishing the park. The police intervention sparked bigger anti-government protests. The protesters included many leftists, including CHP and BDP party supporters.
Vietnam.
Nguyen Dan Que, a prominent critic of the Vietnamese government, was arrested on 26 February 2011 because security services said he was caught "red-handed keeping and distributing documents" that called for the overthrow of the government in a Middle East-style uprising. On 5 June, nearly a thousand people marched against China in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh city over the South China Sea dispute. This is one of the largest and most prominent public protest that is not condoned by the government in history of communist Vietnam.
The Americas.
Starting with the February protests in Wisconsin a number of Arab Spring inspired movements have waxed and waned in both Americas, some being violent, others not. On 15 October, there were thousands of demonstrations throughout the two continents, some in countries such as Canada, which had not suffered such unrest before.
Bolivia.
On 10 February the President of Bolivia, Evo Morales, cancelled an appearance at a public event in Oruro due to fears over riots after protesters angry about rising food prices and Morales' style of government reportedly planted explosives there. Morales was said to be "on guard" in the wake of the Tunisian and Egyptian uprisings according to United Press International. Protests against the president were also reported in several of the country's major cities.
On 29 September, thousands of people marched to protest Morales' attacks on indigionus people over highway construction. He later apologized.
From the 28th April onwards, indigenous peoples in Bolivia protested against the construction of the Villa Tunari – San Ignacio de Moxos Highway.
Brazil.
Brazil witnessed minor protests associated with the Occupy Movement during 2011 and 2012, but then endogenous social events and discourses led to massive and widespread protest during June 2013. While not directly sparked by the events in the Arab world, a new generation of Brazilians saw themselves in a similar situation as the Arab youth: alienated and marginalized from government and other public institutions, suffering increasingly high costs of living and inaccessible social services, and finding fewer employment and other social opportunities. Most significantly, the media exposure of popular protests taking over streets and overthrowing governments provided a new generation of Brazilians with the idea that popular uprisings can indeed be highly successful. The 2013 protests in Brazil are ongoing public demonstrations in several Brazilian cities, initiated mainly by the Movimento Passe Livre (Free Fare Movement), a local entity that advocates for free public transportation. The demonstrations were initially organized to protest against increases in bus, train, and metro ticket prices in some Brazilian cities, but grew to include other issues such as the high corruption in the government and police brutality used against some demonstrators. By the end of June 2013, the movement had grown to become Brazil's largest since the 1980s movement against the military dictatorship and for direct elections, called Diretas_Já. It is notable that popular and working class organizations established during the 1980s - such as the ruling Workers' Party (PT), the Unified Workers Central (CUT), and the Landless Rural Workers Movement (MST) - did not play any role leading these protests, and in fact most street protesters do not find themselves represented by the Workers' Party government.
Mexico.
Mass demonstrations have occurred against Mexican President Felipe Calderón, calling for an end to the Mexican Drug War, citing inspiration from the Egyptian Revolution of 2011.
In May 2012 students and other youth, supported by farmers and unionized workers began a protest against the PRI, the former ruling party, and their presidential candidate, Enrique Peña Nieto. Their chief grievance is the claim that, in their coverage of the 2012 Mexican presidential election, the national television duopoly Televisa and TV Azteca have been biased towards Peña Nieto, who leads the polls with one month to go When their protest was dismissed as paid for and ignored by the mass media, hundreds protested in front of Televisa's studios, and at least 46,000 people responded by taking their protest to Mexico City's main avenue. The protest movement use the slogan "Yo Soy 132" - "I am 132", which echos the Occupy movement's slogan "We are the 99%". The protest movement has also been described as "the Mexican Spring" in local media.
United States.
A series of demonstrations took place in the United States, starting on 14 February 2011 and continuing , involving tens of thousands of protestors including union members, students, and other citizens. The protests main aims relate to collective bargaining legislation and took place mainly around the Wisconsin State Capitol, located in Madison, Wisconsin, with smaller protests in the cities of Milwaukee and Green Bay, at various university campuses including the University of Wisconsin–Madison and the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, and spread to another US state capital, Columbus, Ohio.
The protests were considered to be inspired by the 2011 Egyptian revolution by the chairman of the United States House Committee on the Budget, Paul Ryan and the Late-2000s recession. Linguist Noam Chomsky said that the Wisconsin protests and the Egyptian revolution "are closely intertwined", and that both consist of "struggles for labor rights and democracy". Mike Lux, a political consultant, stated that some of the protestors in Wisconsin and Ohio carried Egyptian flags and that "the pictures we are seeing and the story playing out in Wisconsin is like Egypt in some really important ways. The new mass militancy ... is a mass movement spreading like wildfire, building in momentum day by day."
On September 17, 2011, protests called "Occupy Wall Street" sprung up around New York City's financial district Wall Street. The protests responded to recent government bailouts for financial institutions and the growing income inequality in America. This movement would come to be called the "Occupy" movement, which have sprung up in cities across the United States and in some countries around the world.
Oceania.
Fiji.
The New Zealand branch of human rights group Amnesty International reported that soldiers in the archipelago state of Fiji, under military rule since 2006, were increasingly resulting to beatings, abuse, and even torture to enforce order, allegedly detaining and abusing opposition members, unionists, and youth activists for planning a protest against the junta in late February. Amnesty CEO Patrick Holmes said he believed the more violent tactics are intended to thwart a Middle East-inspired uprising against the junta in Fiji. A Fiji pro-democracy group based in Sydney called for an international response to the alleged crackdown, comparing the situation in Fiji to the situation in Libya. On 7 March, "The Australian" reported that a former government minister declared his intent to seek asylum in Australia, claiming Fiji soldiers had detained and tortured him. The Fiji military has denied this, with a highly placed officer telling Radio Australia that soldiers only use "some minimal force" when making arrests and denying any knowledge of either planned protests or martial action in response on the part of the military or police. One expert on Fiji politics told Radio New Zealand that he believed unrest within the military was a greater threat to Commodore Frank Bainimarama's rule than popular protests like those in Tunisia and Egypt, but said it was hard to know what the junta's thinking was. New Zealand Foreign Minister Murray McCully said his government was seeking more information on the alleged beatings, echoing concerns expressed by the Australian government. The Fiji Human Rights Commission said that while it hasn't received any recent complaints directly, it is monitoring the situation and trying to check up on published allegations.
Censorship and preemptive actions.
Ethiopia.
Following Ben Ali's flight from Tunisia, the Ethiopian government said there would be a cap on the prices of essential foods.
Journalist Eskinder Nega was warned after he wrote about the events in Egypt. He was subsequently imprisoned for criticising human rights abuses in Ethiopia.
Equatorial Guinea.
The government of Teodoro Obiang, who has ruled the Equatorial Guinea for 32 years, censored news about the protests.
Eritrea.
The state-owned news agency censors news about the events. Independent media has been banned since 2001.
Kazakhstan.
On 31 January 2011, Kazakhstan's President Nursultan Nazarbayev decided to scrap a referendum which would have handed him a third decade in power by skipping elections due in 2012 and 2017. Nazarbayev supported the Constitutional Council's ruling that such a referendum would be unconstitutional and called an early election to be held on 3 April 2011. He also planned to offer the citizens of Kazakhstan discounted shares in some key national companies as part of a series of "People's IPOs" saying that "This is an event of paramount importance to the state...The whole world is earning money on stock markets and citizens of Kazakhstan should also learn how to do this." However, some critics suggested this was "window dressing", saying Nazarbayev merely was trying to deflect claims that too much wealth was controlled by a "corrupt, ruling elite." News media in South Africa have warned of a possible "Egypt effect" in Russia and the former Soviet Union.
Nigeria.
The media in Nigeria speculated that similar events could take place there as the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta in the south or Boko Haram in the north could exploit the "distortions within the Nigerian system, and the anger of an aggrieved segment of the populace." In the first week of February Boko Haram also threatened the Nigerian government that it would carry out a "full scale war."
Turkmenistan.
At least one well-regarded political analyst (published by "Foreign Policy" and Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty) said that conditions in the Central Asian republic of Turkmenistan were similar enough to those in countries currently experiencing protests and revolts that the autocratic government of President Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov appears worried by the precedent of revolutions in North Africa and major political concessions in several Western Asian states. Berdimuhamedov's regime has censored all news of the protests and governmental changes. There have also been some credible reports of Turkmenistani authorities attempting to keep tabs on all citizens both inside and outside the country, with Turkmenistanis whom the government judges to have spent too much time abroad allegedly warned they could be barred either from returning to their home country, or from leaving again once they do return.
Uzbekistan.
The Uzbekistani government embraced a set of parliamentary reforms in late March that will grant the Legislative Chamber of the Supreme Assembly, a democratically elected body, a stronger ability to check the power of the prime minister by allowing it to call a motion of no confidence, as well as empowering both houses of the Supreme Assembly to "demand information" from the executive branch, according to one Uzbekistani senator involved with the reform initiative. At least one prominent political analyst at an Interior Ministry-affiliated university in Tashkent said the reforms were inspired by recent revolutionary events in the Middle East and Kyrgyzstan, asserting that democratization and government accountability and not violence are the means to forestalling popular upheaval.
Political fallout.
France.
On 28 February 2011 French Foreign Minister Michele Alliot-Marie resigned after a month of pressure following allegations she offered French military assistance to ousted Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and that she vacationed in Tunisia during the unrest.
Israel.
As the protests in Egypt began, IDF Intelligence Chief Aviv Kochavi stated the Egyptian government was not in danger of collapsing. As a result, the Israeli government ordered a probe into the intelligence failures.
United Kingdom.
The London School of Economics' Howard Davies resigned over the institution's monetary support from Libya.
United States.
President Barack Obama, Defense Secretary Robert Gates, CIA Director Leon Panetta, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and other high-ranking officials and government agencies were caught by surprise over the uprisings, accused of presiding over a massive intelligence failure and being caught "flat footed." Panetta, Deputy Secretary of State Jim Steinberg, Director of Intelligence James Clapper, and FBI Director Robert Mueller appeared before the 112th Congress's first House Permanent Select Committee of Intelligence hearing to testify about Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="31078338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078338" title="Asterivora analoga">
Asterivora analoga

Asterivora analoga is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is 8–9 mm. The head is dark fuscous, the face and sides of the crown are irrorated with white. The antennae are dark fuscous dotted with white. The thorax is dark fuscous, somewhat sprinkled with white. The abdomen is dark fuscous, although the segmental margins are strongly white. The dark bronzy-fuscous forewings are rather elongate-triangular and the costa is gently arched, the apex obtuse and the termen slightly rounded and somewhat oblique. There are three curved cloudy transverse lines of white irroration on the anterior half and a white line beyond the middle forming a quadrangular loop behind a transverse-linear white discal mark. The upper side of the loop is silvery-metallic and there is a silvery-metallic dot on the upper extremity of the dorsal segment. The hindwings are fuscous, becoming dark fuscous posteriorly. There is a very short white detached transverse mark before the middle of the termen, and sometimes a dot on the tornus.

</doc>
<doc id="31078342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078342" title="Adh Dhagharir">
Adh Dhagharir

Adh Dhagharir is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078344" title="Ahad al Masarihah">
Ahad al Masarihah

Ahad al Masarihah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078348" title="Al `Ulayin">
Al `Ulayin

Al `Ulayin is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078350" title="Al `Usaylah">
Al `Usaylah

Al `Usaylah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078356" title="1940 Brocklesby mid-air collision">
1940 Brocklesby mid-air collision

On 29 September 1940, a mid-air collision occurred over Brocklesby, New South Wales, Australia. The accident was unusual in that the aircraft involved, two Avro Ansons of No. 2 Service Flying Training School RAAF, remained locked together after colliding, and then managed to land safely. Both navigators and the pilot of the lower Anson bailed out after the aircraft struck. The pilot of the upper Anson, however, found that he was able to control the interlocked aircraft using his ailerons and flaps, coupled with the still-functioning engines on the machine underneath. He then made an emergency landing in a nearby paddock. All four crewmen survived the incident, and the upper Anson was repaired and returned to flight service.
Training school and flight details.
No. 2 Service Flying Training School (SFTS), based at RAAF Station Forest Hill near Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, was one of several pilot training facilities formed in the early years of World War II as part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme. Having undergone basic aeronautical instruction at an elementary flying training school, pupils went on to an SFTS to learn techniques they would require as operational (or "service") pilots, including instrument flying, night flying, cross-country navigation, advanced aerobatics, formation flying, dive bombing, and aerial gunnery. No. 2 SFTS's facilities were still under construction when its first course commenced with Avro Ansons on 29 July 1940.
On 29 September 1940, two Ansons took off from the Forest Hill air base for a cross-country training exercise over southern New South Wales. Tail number N4876 was piloted by Leading Aircraftman Leonard Graham Fuller, 22, from Cootamundra, with Leading Aircraftman Ian Menzies Sinclair, 27, from Glen Innes, as navigator. Tail number L9162 was piloted by Leading Aircraftman Jack Inglis Hewson, 19, from Newcastle, with Leading Aircraftman Hugh Gavin Fraser, 27, from Melbourne, as navigator. Their planned route was expected to take them first to Corowa, then to Narrandera, and finally back to Forest Hill.
Collision and emergency landing.
The Ansons were at an altitude of over the township of Brocklesby, near Albury, when they made a banking turn. Fuller lost sight of Hewson's aircraft beneath him and the two Ansons collided amid what Fuller later described as a "grinding crash and a bang as roaring propellors struck each other and bit into the engine cowlings". The aircraft remained jammed together, the lower Anson's turret wedged into the other plane's port wing root, and its fin and rudder balancing the upper Anson's port tailplane.
Both of the upper aircraft's engines had been knocked out in the collision but those of the one below continued to turn at full power as the interlocked Ansons began to slowly circle. Fuller described the "freak combination" as "lumping along like a brick". He nevertheless found that he was able to control the piggybacking pair of aircraft with his ailerons and flaps, and began searching for a place to land. The two navigators, Sinclair and Fraser, bailed out, followed soon after by the lower Anson's pilot, Hewson, whose back had been injured when the spinning blades of the other plane sliced through his fuselage.
Having travelled five miles (eight kilometres) since the collision, Fuller successfully made an emergency 'pancake' landing in a large paddock four miles south-west of Brocklesby, coming to rest after sliding some across the grass. As far as Fuller was concerned, the touchdown was better than any he had made when practising circuits and bumps at Forest Hill airfield the previous day. His acting commanding officer, Squadron Leader Cooper, declared the choice of improvised runway "perfect", and the landing itself as a "wonderful effort". The RAAF's Inspector of Air Accidents, Group Captain Arthur "Spud" Murphy, flew straight to the scene from Air Force Headquarters in Melbourne, accompanied by his deputy Henry Winneke. Fuller told Murphy:
Aftermath.
The freak accident garnered news coverage around the world, and cast a spotlight on the small town of Brocklesby. By preventing the Ansons from crashing, Fuller was credited not only with sparing Brocklesby possible destruction, but with saving approximately £40,000 worth of military hardware. Both aircraft were repaired, the top plane (N4876) returning to flight service, and the lower (L9162) being used as an instructional airframe. Hewson was treated for his back injury at Albury District Hospital and returned to active duty, graduating from No. 2 SFTS in October 1940. He was discharged from the Air Force as a flight lieutenant in 1946. Sinclair was discharged in 1945, also a flight lieutenant. Fraser was posted to Britain and flew as a pilot officer with No. 206 Squadron RAF, based in Aldergrove, Northern Ireland. He and his crew of three died on 1 January 1942 during a routine training flight, when their Lockheed Hudson collided with a tree.
Fuller was promoted to sergeant after his successful landing, but also confined to barracks for fourteen days, reportedly for speaking about the incident to the newspapers without authorisation. Graduating from No. 2 SFTS in October 1940, he went on to serve first in the Middle East, and then in Europe with No. 37 Squadron RAF, earning the Distinguished Flying Medal for his actions over Palermo, Italy, in 1942. He was commissioned soon after receiving the award, and subsequently posted back to Australia as a flying officer, becoming an instructor at No. 1 Operational Training Unit in Sale, Victoria. Fuller died near Sale on 18 March 1944, when the bicycle he was riding collided with a bus.
Legacy.
According to the Greater Hume Shire Council, the 1940 mid-air collision remains Brocklesby's "main claim to fame". Local residents erected an historic marker on the site of the crash landing in 1990. On 26 January 2007, a memorial featuring an Avro Anson engine was opened during Brocklesby's Australia Day celebrations.

</doc>
<doc id="31078357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078357" title="Al Badawi">
Al Badawi

Al Badawī is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078358" title="Al Badi'">
Al Badi'

Al Badī‘ is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078360" title="Al Hadrur">
Al Hadrur

Al Hadrur is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078362" title="Al Hanashah">
Al Hanashah

Al Hanashah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078364" title="Al Harani">
Al Harani

Al Harani is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078365" title="Al Hasamah">
Al Hasamah

Al Hasamah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078366" title="Al Hijfar">
Al Hijfar

Al Hijfar is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
References.
آل صميلي هم من الأشراف آل البيت

</doc>
<doc id="31078369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078369" title="Al Jadi">
Al Jadi

Al Jadi is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078370" title="St agnes shibuye">
St agnes shibuye

St Agnes Shibuye is a school situated in Kenya's Western Province in Kakamega County. It was started in 1964. It has 800 students, 48 teachers and all facilities basic necessity.
The school motto is "Discipline for success" and its stated vision is to produce an "exemplary girl".
Address - p.o.box 214 khayega. The principal is MDM. Grace Opil.

</doc>
<doc id="31078371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078371" title="Al Jaradiyah">
Al Jaradiyah

Al Jaradiyah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078373" title="Al Jawah">
Al Jawah

Al Jawah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078374" title="Al Jirbah">
Al Jirbah

Al Jirbah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078375" title="Al Karbus">
Al Karbus

Al Karbus is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078376" title="Al Kawahilah">
Al Kawahilah

Al Kawahilah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078378" title="Al Khadra', Jizan">
Al Khadra', Jizan

Al Khadra is a village in Jizan Province, in south-western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078379" title="Asterivora albifasciata">
Asterivora albifasciata

Asterivora albifasciata is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is 11–12 mm. The head and thorax are bronzy-brown densely sprinkled with white. The antennae are bronzy-brown annulated with white. The abdomen is bronzy-brown, although the segmental divisions are white. The legs are pale brown mixed with white. On the forewings, the costa slightly is arched, the apex rounded, the termen straight. They are oblique and bronzy-brown mixed with blackish. There is a patch of white scales at the base above the middle, a broad irregular band of white scales at about half and a small white spot on the costa beyond the middle giving rise to a very irregular line composed of violet and blue metallic scales mixed with white. This line is strongly excurved at the middle and is there preceded by a similar but short line in the disc. There is also a broad white subterminal band of white scales, followed on the median portion by a line of metallic scales. A terminal line of white scales is more or less interrupted at the middle. The hindwings are pale bronzy-brown. Here, there is a straight white fascia running from the termen before tornus directed towards two-thirds of the costa, and reaching half-way across the wing.

</doc>
<doc id="31078380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078380" title="Al Kharabah, Jizan">
Al Kharabah, Jizan

Al Kharabah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078383" title="Al Kharadilah">
Al Kharadilah

Al Kharadilah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078386" title="Al Khashabiyah">
Al Khashabiyah

Al Khashabiyah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078388" title="Al Khubah">
Al Khubah

Al Khubah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078391" title="Al Kirs">
Al Kirs

Al Kirs is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078392" title="Al Luqiyah">
Al Luqiyah

Al Luqiyah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078393" title="Al Ma`arif">
Al Ma`arif

Al Ma`arif is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078394" title="Al Ma`ayin">
Al Ma`ayin

Al Ma`ayin is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078395" title="Asterivora antigrapha">
Asterivora antigrapha

Asterivora antigrapha is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is 10–11 mm. The head and thorax are dark fuscous irrorated with white. The antennae are dark fuscous dotted with white. The abdomen is dark fuscous, with a series of white scales on the segmental margins. The dark fuscous forewings are suboblong, moderate, the costa gently arched, the apex obtuse, the termen nearly straight and oblique. There is a basal patch and two irregular rather curved shades of purplish-white irroration almost wholly occupying the anterior half of the wing, the last running from a small white spot before the middle of the costa to the middle of the dorsum. There is also a small transverse-linear pale golden-metallic mark on the end of the cell. The dark fuscous hindwings are ovate-triangular, the termen is slightly rounded.

</doc>
<doc id="31078396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078396" title="Al Madaya">
Al Madaya

Al Madaya is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078398" title="Al Mahattah, Saudi Arabia">
Al Mahattah, Saudi Arabia

Al Mahattah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078402" title="Al Mali">
Al Mali

Al Mali is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078403" title="Al Marabi">
Al Marabi

Al Marabi is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078404" title="Al Mayasam">
Al Mayasam

Al Mayasam is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078406" title="Al Qa'im, Saudi Arabia">
Al Qa'im, Saudi Arabia

Al Qa'im is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078409" title="Al Quful">
Al Quful

Al Quful is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078411" title="Al Qurayb">
Al Qurayb

Al Qurayb is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078412" title="Asterivora barbigera">
Asterivora barbigera

Asterivora barbigera is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 19 mm. The head is bronzy irrorated with white and dark fuscous and the thorax is greyish-bronze sprinkled with white. The abdomen is bronzy-grey, although the segmental margins are white. The forewings are elongate, posteriorly dilated, the costa gently arched, the apex obtuse, the termen bowed and oblique. They are greyish-bronze, irregularly irrorated with white, especially towards the costa and on a terminal band. There is a white transverse dot on the end of the cell. A second line is formed of white irroration which is strongly curved outwards. The hindwings are light grey.

</doc>
<doc id="31078413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078413" title="Al Quwah">
Al Quwah

Al Quwah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078416" title="Al Wasili">
Al Wasili

Al Wasili is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078418" title="An Najamiyah">
An Najamiyah

An Najamiyah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078419" title="Ar Rukubah">
Ar Rukubah

Ar Rukubah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078421" title="As Sirr, Saudi Arabia">
As Sirr, Saudi Arabia

As Sirr is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078424" title="At Tuwal">
At Tuwal

At Tuwal is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078425" title="Hayato Okamoto">
Hayato Okamoto

Hayato Okamoto (born October 16, 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31078426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078426" title="Bakhshat Yamani">
Bakhshat Yamani

Bakhshat Yamani is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078428" title="Ghamrah, Saudi Arabia">
Ghamrah, Saudi Arabia

Ghamrah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078429" title="Stig Wennerström">
Stig Wennerström

Stig Wennerström may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31078431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078431" title="Ghawiyah">
Ghawiyah

Ghawiyah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078434" title="Hamayyah">
Hamayyah

Hamayyah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078435" title="Hamdah">
Hamdah

Hamdah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078437" title="Hasim, Saudi Arabia">
Hasim, Saudi Arabia

Hasim is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078438" title="Juha, Saudi Arabia">
Juha, Saudi Arabia

Juha is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078439" title="Ka`lul">
Ka`lul

Ka`lul is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078442" title="Khabath Sa`id">
Khabath Sa`id

Khabath Sa`id is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078443" title="Khalfah">
Khalfah

Khalfah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078444" title="Khatib, Saudi Arabia">
Khatib, Saudi Arabia

Khatib is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia, in the Arabian Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="31078447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078447" title="Zoë Dominic">
Zoë Dominic

Zoë Dominic OBE (4 July 1920 – 11 January 2011) was a British dance and theatre photographer.
Dominic's work as a theatre photographer began in the Royal Court Theatre around 1957, and she became known for photographing the postwar British theatre revival, including actors Laurence Olivier, Joan Plowright and Maggie Smith and performers Maria Callas, Margot Fonteyn and Rudolf Nureyev.
John Selwyn Gilbert wrote of her: ""I know of no other photographer who got closer to the real spirit of dancers and the dance than Zoë Dominic. She was a remarkable photographer and inspired great trust in the artists she took as subjects. If she caught a dancer in an unflattering pose or making a mistake, a drooping wrist, a lazy, half-pointed foot, she would not print the picture.""
She was awarded an OBE in 2006 and the Royal Photographic Society's Hood medal in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31078448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078448" title="Khumsiyah">
Khumsiyah

Khumsiyah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078449" title="Khushaym">
Khushaym

Khushaym is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078450" title="Mahatah">
Mahatah

Mahatah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078451" title="Malgocta">
Malgocta

Malgocta is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078461" title="Mijannah">
Mijannah

Mijannah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078466" title="Mukambal">
Mukambal

Mukambal is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078467" title="Mundaraq">
Mundaraq

Mundaraq is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078468" title="Muwassam">
Muwassam

Muwassam is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078470" title="Qitabir">
Qitabir

Qitabir is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078471" title="Roberto Ismael Torres Baez">
Roberto Ismael Torres Baez

Roberto Ismael Torres Baez (born 6 April 1972) is a former Paraguayan football player. He has played for Paraguay national team.

</doc>
<doc id="31078472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078472" title="Quwayda'">
Quwayda'

Quwayda' is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078473" title="Rahwan">
Rahwan

Rahwan is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078474" title="Rawkhah">
Rawkhah

Rawkhah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078477" title="Sadiliyah">
Sadiliyah

Sadiliyah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078479" title="Sajid, Saudi Arabia">
Sajid, Saudi Arabia

Sajid is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078481" title="Salamah">
Salamah

Salamah is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078482" title="Marcy Kahan">
Marcy Kahan

Marcy Kahan (born 4 July) is a British playwright and radio dramatist, who is half-Canadian and half-American. She is a prolific author of urbane comedies for the BBC. She was born in Montreal, educated at Somerville College, Oxford and trained in theatre in Paris with the Lecoq School teachers, Philippe Gaulier and Monika Pagneux.

</doc>
<doc id="31078485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078485" title="Shi‘b adh Dhi’b">
Shi‘b adh Dhi’b

Shi‘b adh Dhi’b is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078487" title="Emmanuelle Blais">
Emmanuelle Blais

Emmanuelle Blais (born November 7, 1987 in LaSalle, Quebec), is a Canadian ice hockey player. She is a member of Montreal Stars in the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL).
Member of the Canadian U22 team from 2006 to 2010 / Canadian Women's National Team / NCAA All-American (2010) / Clarkson Cup Champion (2010–11), nicknamed Manue or (Croquette in French) (because she's small), she started playing at the age of 5 and was on the first girl's team (Montreal Maroon Espoir) to play in the Espoir category. She completed a Bachelor's degree with a major in communications and a minor in psychology at University of Minnesota Duluth.
Playing career.
Emmanuelle Blais made her amateur hockey in the region of Montreal in Quebec. She started playing hockey at the age of 5 year and was the first girl ever(Montreal Maroon Espoir) to play in the Espoir category. She was selected for the national camp Under-22 years and she play for Canadian National Team under-22 (2006 to 2010). Also since 2010, she is a member of Montreal Stars (CWHL). In his first season in CWHL, She finished 6th leading scorer in the top scoring leaders, with 32 points, 11 goals and 21 assists in 29 games. During the Clarkson Cup Championship, she contributed 5 points in 4 games to the Stars' resounding victory.
NCAA.
In 2009-10 season, Blais led the University of Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs with 65 points, 32 goals and 33 assists in 39 games, helping the team win the NCAA Division I title championship title, a title she also earned in 2008. She left the program with 145 career points (73 goals and 72 assists). She ranks eighth place in all-time scoring. In its April 29, 2010, Sports Illustrated listed Emmanuelle Blais as one of its "Faces In The Crowd" Part of the recognition is attributed to Blais earning the 2010 NCAA Frozen Four's Most Outstanding Player award on March 21.
Blais was also a 2009-10 RBK First Team All-American. Her 1.59 points per game was the fifth highest total in the country. Her 32 goals led the NCAA, and she had a career high of 65 points. On April 12, Blais was a co-winner of the University of Minnesota Duluth's Outstanding Female Senior Athlete Award. The award was shared by four winners: the others being Jheri Booker (basketball), Clare Dahmen (soccer) and Kristin Danielson (softball). In summer 2010, she was invited with the team to meet President Obama at the White House.
Hockey Canada.
Blais competed for Team Quebec at the 2005 Under 18 National hockey challenge. Some of her teammates on Team Quebec included future Olympic gold medalist Catherine Ward, future Clarkson Cup champion Stephanie Denino, future Canadian National Team member Jesse Scanzano. Other teammates included future NCAA player Karell Emard.
She is a former member of the Canadian U22 hockey team. In March 2011, she was invited to the Canadian national women's ice hockey team selection camp to determine the final roster for the 2011 IIHF Women's World Championships, from April 2 to 5 2011 at the Toronto MasterCard Centre In the second game of the 2011 IIHF Eight Nations Tournament, Blais scored her first ever goal for the senior Canadian National Women's team as Canada defeated Russia by a 14-1 score.
CWHL.
On March 8, 2014, the outcome of a contest against the Boston Blades sees Blais log the 100th point in her CWHL career. Of note, she is the third Montreal Stars player to reach the milestone during the season. It marks the first time in CWHL history that three players from the same franchise reach the century mark in the same season.

</doc>
<doc id="31078489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078489" title="Suq al layl, Jizan">
Suq al layl, Jizan

Suq al layl is a village in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31078494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078494" title="Asterivora chatuidea">
Asterivora chatuidea

Asterivora chatuidea is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 8 mm for males and 9 mm for females. The head and thorax are dark fuscous irrorated with violet-whitish scales and the antennae are blackish annulated with white. The abdomen is dark fuscous, although the segmental margins are white and there are a few scattered white scales near the extremity. The legs are fuscous. The dark blue-violet forewings are suboblong, moderate, the costa gently arched, the apex obtuse, the termen nearly straight and oblique. There are three distinct white spots on the costa and there is a pale blue-violet transverse line, as well as some violet-white irroration towards the base. There is also a transverse, sometimes double, line running from the first white spot on the costa and another running from the central costal spot. This line is broken but often well angulated at the middle. There is some violet-white irroration scattered across the outer wing and a fine subterminal line. The hindwings are dark fuscous, but darker outwardly. There is an incurved white streak, sometimes double, running from the disc to the tornus.

</doc>
<doc id="31078503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078503" title="Asterivora colpota">
Asterivora colpota

Asterivora colpota is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 13 mm. The head and thorax are dark bronzy-fuscous sprinkled with whitish. The antennae are black ringed with white. The abdomen is blackish-fuscous, although the segmental margins are brownish. The dark bronzy-fuscous forewings are elongate and rather oblique, rather dilated posteriorly, the costa slightly is arched, the apex obtuse and the termen bowed. The basal and terminal areas are finely sprinkled with whitish and there are two parallel rather curved irregular transverse lines of whitish irroration about two-fifth and a transverse line of whitish irroration from a white mark on the costa at three-fifth. There is also a transverse linear mark of whitish irroration terminated beneath by a white dot and a thick subterminal shade of whitish irroration, somewhat interrupted above the middle. The hindwings are dark grey, although the terminal half is blackish. Here, two parallel lines of whitish irroration are found, running towards the termen on the lower half.

</doc>
<doc id="31078518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078518" title="The Zoological Journal">
The Zoological Journal

The Zoological Journal was an early nineteenth century quarterly scientific journal devoted to zoology. 
It published "Original Communications, Translations of new and interesting Papers from Foreign sources and notices of new and remarkable facts in any way connected with Zoology" ("Gentlemen’s Magazine", 1823).
"The Zoological Journal" was published in London by W. Philips. The editors were Thomas Bell, John George Children, James De Carle Sowerby, George Brettingham Sowerby, and (later) Nicholas Aylward Vigors. It was established by a splinter group of the Linnean Society who favoured the Quinarian system and was only short-lived. 
Five volumes were published between 1824 and 1834: volume 1 1824-1825, volume 2 1825-1826, volume 3 1827-1828, volume 4 1828-1829, volume 5 1832-1834 (no issues 1830-1831).

</doc>
<doc id="31078519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078519" title="Asterivora combinatana">
Asterivora combinatana

Asterivora combinatana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
Adults have been recorded from October to April. It is a day flying species.
The larvae feed on "Senecio bellidioides". They live in silken gallery, which is formed amongst the young shoots of the plant. The larvae are somewhat stout and slightly tapering at each end. The head and dorsal surface of the prothorax are corneous and pale brown in colour, 
while the rest of the body is ochreous. Pupation takes place white silken cocoons amongst the dead shoots of their host plant.

</doc>
<doc id="31078522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078522" title="HMS M26">
HMS M26

HMS "M26" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M26"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk VI gun removed from the HMS "Edgar". In addition to her 9.2 inch gun she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six pound anti-aircraft gun. She was equipped with a four shaft Bolinder two cylinder semi-diesel engine with 480 horse power that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M26" ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the Sir Raylton Dixon & Co. Ltd shipyard at Govan in March 1915, launched on 24 August 1915, and completed in October 1915.
World War 1.
"M26" served with the Dover Patrol from November 1915 to December 1918. In early 1916, "M26" had her main 9.2in gun removed, as it was required for artillery use on the Western Front, and a BL Mk III 50-caliber gun was fitted in lieu.
Disposal.
"M26" was sold on 29 January 1920 for conversion to a mercantile oil tanker and renamed 'Doewa'.

</doc>
<doc id="31078535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078535" title="Gabriele Faerno">
Gabriele Faerno

Gabriele Faerno, also known by his Latin name of Faernus Cremonensis, was born in Cremona about 1510 and died in Rome on November 17, 1561. He was a scrupulous scholar and an elegant Latin poet who is best known now for his collection of Aesop's Fables in Latin verse.
Life.
Gabriele Faerno was born in Cremona to Francis Faerno, a local lawyer and scholar. In 1528 he was enrolled at the Collegium Notariorum in his hometown and then entered the service of the Bishop of Cremona. Biographical details for this period are sparse, except that in 1538 he followed his master on a mission to Barcelona in Spain. At some time in the next decade he was recommended by his sponsors to Rome. The first evidence of his presence in the city is in a letter from Carlo Gualteruzzi to Giovanni Della Casa in October, 1548. At the start of 1549 he began working in the Vatican Library and was brought into contact with many of the scholars and philologists who gravitated around the activities there.
Faerno's literary accomplishments over the next decade gained him the esteem and friendship of the cardinal Giovanni Angelo de Medici, afterwards Pope Pius IV, and of his nephew the cardinal Charles Borromeo. Having acquired a critical knowledge of the Latin language, he was enabled to display much judgment in the correction of the Roman classics, and in the collation of ancient manuscripts on which he was frequently employed. Once Pius IV was elected to the papal throne, Faerno was urged to publish some of the results of his diligent work. He was also offered a bishopric, which he modestly refused. Illness intervened before he could see the works he was preparing through the press and he died at the home of Cardinal Giovanni Morone towards the end of 1561.
A rare bust of Faerno by Michelangelo is in the Philosophers Room of the Capitoline Museum.
Scholarship.
Faerno died in the prime of life. How much might have been expected from his talents and habits of study, had he lived longer, may appear from the works he left. 
Other Latin authors to whom Faerno dedicated his efforts include Horace, Plautus, Suetonius, and Tacitus.
Poetry.
Faerno is counted one of the foremost of the Renaissance Latin poets, largely on account of his "100 Fables" ("Centum Fabulae ex antiquis autoribus delectae, et carminibus explicatae"). Though not published until 1563, there is evidence that he was compiling the work as early as 1558. So excellent were his versions that one scholar went so far as to accuse him of concealing an undiscovered manuscript of Phaedrus for fear of lessening the value of his own versions. But Charles Perrault, who published a translation of Faerno’s work into French verse (Paris 1699), has defended the author from this imputation. 
Perrault's preface gives the following account of the work: 
Besides fables collected 'from ancient authors', Mediaeval folk tales such as The miller, his son and the donkey and The Mice in Council were included in the work as well. It was to go through some forty European editions, including translations into Italian, English, German, Dutch and French. In England the 1741 edition, which included Perrault's French translations and an English translation, was to serve as a school textbook. But the work was successful and influential for other reasons than the fineness of the language. Its illustrations were also esteemed and have been attributed to Titian, or to Pirro Ligorio by others. Published at the time of a taste for Emblem books, the morals with which Faerno furnished the fables by way of conclusion were seen as contributing to that fashion and widening the subject matter to include the Aesopic fable too. 
Poems attributed to Faerno were also printed in some later editions. They include his attack on Protestantism as a 'Germanic sect', "In Lutheranos, sectam Germanicam", verses accompanying illustrations of artistic works, complimentary addresses and other occasional verse. He was also the author of sonnets in Italian.
Titles.
The title of Faerno's celebrated work translates as 'One hundred delightful fables, poetically interpreted from ancient authors'. The following is a list of the fables occurring there, with links to those that have a separate article devoted to them.
Notes.
The bulk of the biographical information is taken from the Dizionario Biografico degli Italiani (Dictionary of Italian Biography) It has been supplemented with details from Alexander Chalmers’ "General Biographical Dictionary" (1812–17), a text that is in the public domain on account of its age.

</doc>
<doc id="31078536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078536" title="Champagne Charlie (TV series)">
Champagne Charlie (TV series)

Champagne Charlie is a 1989 French-Canadian drama television series directed by Allan Eastman and starring Hugh Grant, Megan Gallagher and Megan Follows. It is based on the novel by Jacqueline Lefèvre and depicts the life of the nineteenth century wine merchant Charles Heidsieck.

</doc>
<doc id="31078542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078542" title="Asterivora exocha">
Asterivora exocha

Asterivora exocha is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The head, palpi and thorax are grey-whitish mixed with blackish. The antennae are pale grey, ringed with blackish. The abdomen is fuscous, although the segmental margins are mixed with whitish. The olive-fuscous forewings are elongate, moderate, posteriorly rather dilated, the costa gently arched, the apex obtuse, the termen faintly sinuate and oblique. The basal area is irrorated with whitish except a narrow fascia preceding the first line, which is whitish, acutely angulated the near costa and followed by a very irregular fascia of whitish irroration, which sends a triangular projection above the middle to the centre of the disc. The second line is also white, but sharply defined, running from the middle of the costa to three-fourth of the disc, and then acutely angulated to beyond the middle of the dorsum, somewhat sinuate inwards towards the costa and dorsum. The hindwings are grey, but darker posteriorly. There are indications of a cloudy whitish dot towards the termen below the middle.

</doc>
<doc id="31078555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078555" title="Nancy Torresen">
Nancy Torresen

Nancy Torresen (born 1959) is a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the District of Maine. The United States Senate confirmed Torresen by unanimous consent on October 3, 2011. She received her judicial commission on October 4, 2011.
Early life and education.
Torresen received a B.S. from Hope College in Holland, Michigan in 1981 and a J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School in 1987.
Career.
Torresen worked as a law clerk for then-District Judge Conrad K. Cyr from 1987 to 1988. Between the years 1988 to 1990, Torresen worked at the law firm of Williams & Connolly, where she was based in Washington, D.C.. In 1990, Torresen joined the United States Attorney's Office in Maine, where she handled civil actions involving United States federal agencies. Between 1994 and 2001, Torresen worked for the appellate section of the criminal division of the Maine Attorney General’s Office, where she was responsible for representing the state of Maine in appeals of serious violent crime convictions. From 2001 until becoming a federal judge in 2011, she worked in the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Bangor and focused on investigating and prosecuting various federal crimes.
District of Maine nomination.
Torresen was nominated to fill the seat of Judge D. Brock Hornby by President Barack Obama on March 2, 2011. Torresen is the first woman to serve as a federal judge in Maine.
The United States Senate confirmed Torresen on October 3, 2011. She received her judicial commission on October 4, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31078558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078558" title="Thomas Leighton">
Thomas Leighton

Thomas or Tom Leighton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31078564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078564" title="Asterivora fasciata">
Asterivora fasciata

Asterivora fasciata is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The larvae feed on "Cassinia" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31078573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078573" title="Asterivora inspoliata">
Asterivora inspoliata

Asterivora inspoliata is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31078581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078581" title="Asterivora iochondra">
Asterivora iochondra

Asterivora iochondra is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is 16–17 mm. The head and thorax are dark brown, with a few whitish specks and the antennae are dark fuscous dotted with white. The abdomen is dark fuscous. The dark bronzy-brown forewings are suboblong, moderate, the costa moderately arched, the apex obtuse, the termen rounded and oblique. The basal area is sprinkled with violet-whitish specks. There is a very undefined irregularly dentate shade of violet-whitish specks from two-fifth of the costa to the middle of the dorsum. The dark fuscous hindwings are ovate-triangular, the termen slightly rounded and hardly perceptibly sinuate.

</doc>
<doc id="31078586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078586" title="Mimela junii">
Mimela junii

Mimela junii is a species of shining leaf chafer belonging to the family Scarabeidae subfamily Rutelinae.
These scarabs are mainly present in Austria, France, Italy and Switzerland.
The head, pronotum and the inner margin of elytra are metallic-green, antennae are reddish, while elytra are coppery-brown, with longitudinal darker stripes.
The adults can be encountered from June (hence the Latin word "junii") through July on flowers, especially on elder flowers ("Sambucus" species). 
The adults beetles mainly feed on leaves of various wild shrubs and grasses, while larvae prefer sandy soils and are "rhizophagous", feeding on roots at the expense of "psammophilous" and herbaceous plants or on decaying vegetables.

</doc>
<doc id="31078595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078595" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 800 metres">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 800 metres

The Women's 800 metres event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 4–6 with the final being held on March 6 at 16:00 local time.
The original winner, Yevgeniya Zinurova, was later disqualified for doping offences and runner-up Jenny Meadows was promoted to the gold medal position. The original bronze medalist Yuliya Rusanova, who was later elevated to the silver medal position, was subsequently stripped of her medal, due to inconsistencies in her biological passport.
Results.
Heat.
First 2 in each heat and 4 best performers advanced to the Semifinals. The heats were held at 16:25.
Semifinals.
First 3 in each heat advanced to the Final. The semifinals were held at 15:20.
Final.
The final was held at 16:00.

</doc>
<doc id="31078598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078598" title="Masahiro Shimmyo">
Masahiro Shimmyo

Masahiro Shimmyo (born July 16, 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31078601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078601" title="Walter Einsel">
Walter Einsel

Walter Einsel (1926–1998) was an American sculptor and illustrator from Westport, Connecticut.
Biography.
Walter studied at Parsons The New School for Design, in New York, before taking on assignments from The New York Times. He eventually became art director for NBC, meeting his wife after applying for the same position with CBS. A large portion of his output, which has now become his legacy, were gifts created for his wife, Naiad Einsel. The couple shared a business as independent artists throughout the majority of his life. Together, they were the first married artists to create stamp designs for the U.S. Postal Service. They were hired together, to create an exhibition for the AT&T Age of Information Centre, producing fifty-five figures, with intricate details and moving parts. These were shown at Disney World's EPCOT Center in Florida. 
In recent years before Walter's death, both artists were inducted into the Society of Illustrators Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="31078610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078610" title="Asterivora marmarea">
Asterivora marmarea

Asterivora marmarea is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The larvae feed on "Celmisia" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31078612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078612" title="Thomas Leighton (Governor)">
Thomas Leighton (Governor)

Sir Thomas Leighton (c.1530–1610) was an English soldier and politician. He served as the Governor of Guernsey and Jersey from 1570 to 1609. He and his wife may also be common ancestors of the current Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, being possibly 12 great-grandparents of William, and possibly 11 of Kate, which would make them 12th cousins, once removed.
Life.
Sir Thomas was knighted in 1579 during the reigns of Elizabeth I and James I. He was from Feckenham, Worcestershire, England, born to John Leighton of Wattlesborough and Joyce Sutton, daughter of Edward Sutton, 2nd Baron Dudley.
Leighton was unpopular as governor. He developed the defensive capabilities of Castle Cornet, but to do so he imposed heavy taxes on the islanders. In 1588 he was sent as a diplomat to Henry III of France, and then served at the camp at Tilbury in the defensive moves against the Spanish Armada. For some years from 1595 he employed Thomas Cartwright as chaplain.
Leighton served as Member of Parliament for Worcestershire in 1601. He died in Guernsey.
Family.
Leighton married Elizabeth Knollys (cousin once removed of Elizabeth I) in 1578. They had two daughters, Elizabeth and Anne Leighton, and one son, the father's namesake Thomas Leighton (born 1584), who married Mary, daughter of Edward la Zouche, 11th Baron Zouche.

</doc>
<doc id="31078617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078617" title="Repala">
Repala

Repala () is a village under Munagala mandal in Nalgonda district, Andhra Pradesh. It is located at a distance of 5 km from National Highway 9. In between Suryapet and Kodada, there is a village Modhula Cheruvu, from here Repala is at a distance of 5 km. 
The Sri Laxmi Narasimha Swamy Temple is located at Repala village. The temple has a history of over 400 years. The ancient temple gives much pleasure to the devotees. Every year Brahmotsavams will be held in the month of March.

</doc>
<doc id="31078628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078628" title="Elektryk Bestia">
Elektryk Bestia

Elektryk Bestia are an Experimental Progressive Metal group from Binghamton, USA. Since their formation in 2008, the band has released one CD on June 24, 2010 titled "The EP".
History.
Formed in 2008 by members James Wilding and Pat Grzelak, "Elektryk Bestia" began playing local venues around "Binghamton", before adding the likes of Tyler Durden and Doctor around 2009. The band released their debut material ("The EP") on June 24, 2010. The group hope to have a full length LP released some time in late 2011/early 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31078639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078639" title="CCCF (disambiguation)">
CCCF (disambiguation)

The CCCF or Confederacion Centroamericana y del Caribe de Futbol was the governing body of association football in Central America and the Caribbean until 1961
CCCF may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31078641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078641" title="Satoshi Mashimo">
Satoshi Mashimo

Satoshi Mashimo (真下 佐登史, born March 6, 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31078646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078646" title="Secularism in Egypt">
Secularism in Egypt

Secularism in Egypt has had a very important role to play in both the history of Egypt and that of the Middle East. Egypt’s first experience of Secularism started with the British Occupation (1882–1952), the atmosphere which allowed the protection of debate. In this environment pro-secularist intellectuals like Ya'qub Sarruf, Faris Nimr, Nicola Haddad whom sought political asylum from Ottoman Rule were able to publish their work. This debate had then became a burning issue with the work of Egyptian Shaykh Ali Abdel Raziq (1888–1966), “"The most momentous document in the crucial intellectual and religious debate of modern Islamic history"” By 1919 Egypt had its first political secular entity called the "Hizb 'Almani" (Secular Party) this name was later changed to the Wafd Party. It combined secular policies with a nationalist agenda and had the majority support in the following years against both the rule of the king and the British influence. The Wafd party supported the allies during World War II and then proceeded to win the 1952 parliamentary elections, following these elections the prime minister was overthrown by the King leading to riots. These riots precipitated a military coup after which all political parties were banned including the Wafd Party and the Muslim Brotherhood. The government of Gamal Abdel Nasser was secularist-nationalist in nature which at the time gathers a great deal of support both in Egypt and other Arab states.
Key elements of Nasserism:
Following the death of Nasser, President Anwar Sadat (1970–1981) continued economic liberalization and maintained the government’s secularist policy, even going as far as signing peace agreements with Israel which was a first for any Middle Eastern country. However, following further intensive clampdowns on political opposition, Sadat was assassinated and replaced by Hosni Mubarak who again faces the issue of keeping the Islamist support at bay whilst keeping his power base during increased pressure to be democratic. Nowadays, most proponents of secularism emphasize the link between secularism and ‘national unity’ between Coptic Christians and Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="31078647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078647" title="The Guns of Loos">
The Guns of Loos

The Guns of Loos is a 1928 British silent war film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Henry Victor, Madeleine Carroll, and Bobby Howes.
Plot.
A blind veteran of the First World War returns home to run his family's industrial empire.
Production background.
Carroll was selected for the role from 150 applicants to play her role. It was her first film role and helped launch her career.
Score.
In 2011, sheet music for Richard Howgill's score, meant to be performed live as the film was projected, was rediscovered in Birmingham Central Library.

</doc>
<doc id="31078655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078655" title="Jules Rémy">
Jules Rémy

Jules Achille Rémy (1826–1893) was a French naturalist and traveller. 
He was born in Louvercy September 2, 1826 and died there in December 1893. Rémy made collections of botanical and geological specimens, shells, and published works on his journeys and observations, including an early record of a visit to the island of Molokai and a report on the Mormon people of Utah.
The International Plant Names Index notes his name as Ezechiel Jules (or Julio) Rémy, the standard author abbreviation for this botanist is J.Rémy.

</doc>
<doc id="31078679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078679" title="Portingbury Hills">
Portingbury Hills

Portingbury Hills () or Portingbury Rings is a hill in Hatfield Forest, Little Hallingbury, Hatfield Broad Oak, Essex, suggested to date to the Iron Age or Bronze Age. It consists of a 3 features, a hill and mound connected by a zig-zag causeway formed by 2 almost parallel ditches to another rectangular enclosure measuring 30 x 21 metres (100 x 70 ft) surrounded by a large ditch with a suggested bank up to 11 metres wide (35 ft). It is located in the northwest of Hatfield Forest in Beggarshall coppice. It has been considered to be an ancient defensive enclosure, but is too small to be a hill fort and is not in a defensible position.
Archaeological excavations were carried out in 1964–1965 with recovered evidence including a small flint blade 4 cm long, animal bones, flints, and charcoal with very slight dating evidence suggesting Iron Age construction. The archaeologists suggested that the initial, ‘V’ shaped, ditch surrounding the mound would have been approximately 2 metres in depth suggesting it once had earth ramparts supported by timber. Smaller banks have been noted to cross Shermore Brook to Spittlemore coppice.
In 1975 retired geologist and researcher Christian O'Brien suggested that Portingbury Hills had a purpose in archaeoastronomy and was constructed in the Bronze Age which gave it some brief coverage in the Sunday Telegraph. O'Brien suggested that the mound was aligned astronomically with Wandlebury Hill via a series of equally spaced, hand-carved, stone monoliths forming a Loxodrome. Eleven of the original twenty-six markers are still in situ, such as the Leper Stone, with several of the other distinctive stones lying nearby. O'Brien's theory met with mixed reviews from astronomers and archaeologists. Glyn Daniel, Professor of Archaeology at Cambridge University dismissed the paper as "nonsense" and Alexander Thom could find nothing in it to revise the documented view of Wandlebury as an Iron Age Fort. Archie Roy, Professor of Astronomy at Glasgow University commented that "in the absence of a more convincing explanation, this conclusion also has to be taken very seriously.” 

</doc>
<doc id="31078681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078681" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 1500 metres">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 1500 metres

The Women's 800 metres event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 4–6 with the final being held on March 6 at 16:00 local time.
Results.
Heat.
First 2 in each heat and 3 best performers advanced to the Semifinals. The heats were held at 17:30.
Final.
The final was held at 17:15.

</doc>
<doc id="31078682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078682" title="Stig Wennerström (sailor)">
Stig Wennerström (sailor)

Stig Wennerström (born 31 March 1943) is a Swedish sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Soling Class" at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31078698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078698" title="Jan Veenhof">
Jan Veenhof

Jan Veenhof (born 28 January 1969) is a former Dutch football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31078704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078704" title="Webster Wells">
Webster Wells

Webster Wells (1851 Boston – 1916) was a United States mathematician known primarily for his authorship of a series of mathematical textbooks. Wells graduated in 1873 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he was an instructor from 1873 to 1880, and later became successively an assistant professor (1883), an associate professor (1885), and a full professor (1893) of mathematics.
Wells' textbooks were used in many schools and colleges in the United States. Among the titles were:

</doc>
<doc id="31078706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078706" title="38th Berlin International Film Festival">
38th Berlin International Film Festival

The 38th annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from February 12 to 23, 1988. The festival opened with musical film "Linie 1" by Reinhard Hauff.
Jury.
The following people were announced as being on the jury for the festival:
Films in competition.
The following films were in competition for the Golden Bear and Silver Bear awards:
Awards.
The following prizes were awarded by the Jury:

</doc>
<doc id="31078712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078712" title="Sleeping Car (film)">
Sleeping Car (film)

Sleeping Car is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Anatole Litvak and starring Madeleine Carroll, Ivor Novello, Stanley Holloway and Laddie Cliff.

</doc>
<doc id="31078715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078715" title="K3 en het Magische Medaillon">
K3 en het Magische Medaillon

K3 en het Magische Medaillon () is a 2004 children's comedy film starring girl band K3 – Kathleen Aerts, Karen Damen and Kristel Verbeke – in their first full-length theater film.
Plot.
K3, the popular hot-pants and miniskirt wearing trio of Belgian singers whose first names all start with the letter K (Kathleen, Karen and Kristel), star in their first motion picture. Since their music is aimed solely at the smallest, girliest of consumers (read: their parents) and written by their producers Samson en Gert (Verbiest & Verhulst), who may collectively be remembered as the Belgian Walt Disney in years to come (they already have a theme park), this movie was a sure-fire hit. Like the Monkees, K3 go by their own names, live and sleep together and perform songs while remaining a struggling band (at least in the world this movie creates). Unlike the Spice Girls, this film knows where its audience lies and has no trouble reaching it. The girls do not perform much music at all: only three numbers, all of which are used as background music.
Phoney Italian crook Frederico Gazpacho (Peter Rouffaer) wants to get his hands on an ancient Egyptian 'Washabi' Medallion, which just happens to be hidden away in the house of the late adventurer and architect who found the amulet, and I bet you can guess which threesome are just about to move into that faithful house. Kristel (the dark-haired one) picks up a "Mega Macy" comic book, which not only foreshadows things to come but is also an excuse to give the entire film a comic book look, complete with stylish black and white panels substituting for scene changes (did I mention Samson & Gert publish comic books of all the children's entertainers in their stable, including K3). Naturally the three of them find the amulet hidden in a wall almost immediately and, unaware of its powers, Kathleen (the blond one) decides to wear it around her neck.
Gazpacho sends his two silly henchmen to get the hidden treasure: Rode Tijger (Eddy Vereycken) is the dumb fat one who never shuts up, Zwarte Panter (Daisy Ip) is the Chinese girl who never speaks and who's Kung Fu is, shall we say, not all that impressive. The magic amulet grants wishes, and each time one of the girls happens to make one, little animated gold stars do their handy work. About half way through, Dutch loud mouth and incredibly gay comedian Paul de Leeuw makes his first appearance as the Genie of the Medaillon, painted gold and spitting out thought balloons and animated letters all over the place. You can see right through him, and it looks like all of his scenes were filmed separately. This makes me wonder if he ever met K3 during filming at all. De Leeuw is even more unbelievably loud and annoying than usual, because for some reason every European children's movie has to include at least one of these hyperactive character. Luckily, his scenes are kept to a bare minimum.
Kathleen wishes to be a princess. Karin (the redheaded one) wants to fly and Kristel asks for a mega-bike like Mega Macey. Soon they have spent 98 of their 100 wishes, and that's the moment the Genie chooses to explain the 100 wish limit. It's also the moment the nasties choose to reveal their dastardly intentions to the girls, forcing Kristel to use the penultimate wish to turn all three of them into Mega Macey (Kristel in Yellow, Kathleen in red and Karen in blue). The special effects, cinematography and production design are quite impressive by Studio 100 standards, even the script by Samson & Gert is funnier than their usual material, patented for the K3 audience of pre-teenager girls. Although the running time of the film is less than an hour (including credits), I believe a short film starring another Verhulst/Verbiest franchise was featured as an appetizer: Piet Piraat, whose movie resume at the time of this writing is a tie with the K3 girls: two each. There's also a superhero spin-off television series called "Mega Mindy".
DVD.
The Video DVD was released in early 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31078727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078727" title="Osted">
Osted

Osted is a town with a population of 2,133 (1 January 2014) in Lejre Municipality, Region Zealand, Denmark. The town is located at the road between the cities of Roskilde and Ringsted.
The Danish jazz bassist Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen NHØP (1946-2005) and the film producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen were born in Osted.

</doc>
<doc id="31078740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078740" title="Banque Pharaon &amp; Chiha">
Banque Pharaon &amp; Chiha

Banque Pharaon & Chiha S.A.L. is a Lebanese bank, founded in 1876, and headquartered in Achrafieh, Beirut. The bank was founded by Antoine Chiha during the French Mandate of Lebanon. It is oldest Lebanese bank still operating in Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="31078743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078743" title="Al hamra'">
Al hamra'

Al hamra may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31078759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078759" title="Al madiq">
Al madiq

Al madiq may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31078764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078764" title="Norio Murata">
Norio Murata

Norio Murata (born February 7, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31078769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078769" title="As sudayrah">
As sudayrah

As sudayrah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31078777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078777" title="A South Sea Bubble">
A South Sea Bubble

A South Sea Bubble is a 1928 British silent comedy adventure film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Ivor Novello, Benita Hume and Alma Taylor. A group of adventurers head to the Pacific Ocean to hunt for buried treasure. It was made at Islington Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="31078781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078781" title="Banat subdialect of Romanian">
Banat subdialect of Romanian

The Banat subdialect ("subdialectul / graiul bănățean") is one of the several subdialects of the Romanian language, specifically of the Daco-Romanian dialect. Its geographic distribution extends over the Romanian Banat and parts of the Serbian Banat.
The Banat subdialect is a member of the northern grouping of Romanian subdialects, along with the Moldavian subdialect and the group of Transylvanian varieties. Features of the Banat subdialect are found in southern dialects of Romanian: Aromanian, Megleno-Romanian, and Istro-Romanian.
The Banat subdialect has been long classified separately from the Transylvanian varieties, but in early studies such as those by Mozes Gaster these were sometimes grouped together as a single variety. The Banat subdialect was considered separately by Heimann Tiktin, Gustav Weigand, Sextil Pușcariu (in his latter studies), Emil Petrovici, Romulus Todoran, Ion Coteanu, Alexandru Philippide, Iorgu Iordan, and others.
Geographic distribution.
The subdialect is spoken in south-western Romania, in the following counties: Caraș-Severin, Timiș, the southern part of Arad, and the southern part of Hunedoara. It is also spoken in the Serbian Banat.
Transition areas.
A transition area towards the Wallachian subdialect is found in the north-west of Oltenia, in the counties of Gorj and Mehedinți. Mixtures with the southern and central Transylvanian varieties are found in north-eastern parts of Banat, where such a transition area is in the Hațeg Country and another one extends towards southern Crișana.
Particularities.
Phonetic features.
The Banat subdialect differs from the others by the following phonetic particularities:
Morphological features.
"nu fugireț" < lat. ne fugiretis, 
"nu mîncareț" ("don't run, don't eat" compare with standard "nu fugiți", "nu mîncați").
Sample.
Banat subdialect: 
Standard Romanian: "Întîmplarea a fost așa: l-am luat de lanț. El mi-a pus capu-n spinare și-a plecat cu mine din perete în perete. I-am pus mîna într-un corn și cealaltă într-alt corn și m-a trîntit jos."
English translation: "It happened like this: I took (the bull) by the chain. It pushed its head into my back and drove me from a wall to another. I grabbed its horn with one hand and its other horn with another, and it knocked me down."
Subdivisions.
The subdialect is further divided into several areas, based on finer distinctions in linguistic facts:

</doc>
<doc id="31078787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078787" title="Marita Breuer">
Marita Breuer

Marita Breuer (born 20 January 1953 in Düren) is a German actress, known for her portrayal of Maria in the Heimat TV series.
Biography.
Breuer studied acting at the Folkwang University of the Arts. Her acting style is based on the Stanislavski method.
Her first professional acting engagement was at Gießen, after which she worked with well-known directors in prestigious theatres - her roles have included
From 2000 to 2005 she was part of the ensemble cast at the Aachen Theatre.
Aside from her stage work she has appeared in cinema and on television, most notably portraying Maria Simon in the first part of the Heimat Trilogy directed by Edgar Reitz.
Breuer lives in Cologne.
Filmography.
TV Series

</doc>
<doc id="31078813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078813" title="CSU Aurel Vlaicu Arad">
CSU Aurel Vlaicu Arad

CSU Aurel Vlaicu Arad is a Romanian semi-professional rugby union club from Arad, which will play the 2011 season in Romanian Rugby Championship, the first division of Romanian rugby.

</doc>
<doc id="31078832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078832" title="Guglielmo Biraghi">
Guglielmo Biraghi

Guglielmo Biraghi (1 September 1927 – 23 April 2001) was an Italian critic and film festival director. He was the director of the Taormina Film Fest in the 1970s and became the 14th director of the Venice Film Festival in 1987. In 1970, he was a member of the jury at the 1970 Cannes Film Festival and in 1988, he was the Head of the Jury at the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.
Personal Life.
In 1969, he married actress Annabella Incontrera but they divorced a few years later. 

</doc>
<doc id="31078834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078834" title="Outdoor cinema">
Outdoor cinema

An outdoor cinema (also called open air cinema) consists of a digital or analog movie projector, scaffolded construction or inflatable movie screen, and sound system.
Viewers usually sit on camping chairs or blankets. Some Hollywood world premieres were screened in outdoor cinemas – sometimes with the stars in attendance. Most screenings are free with some raising money for charities.
As projector prices have decreased, guerrilla style outdoor cinemas have become more common. These are run on a very small budget by groups of amateurs. It is common for the events to be organised online, participants then meet in parks, empty parking lots or other public places. Guerrilla outdoor cinemas are very basic, often needing to be completely setup and dismantled in a single night. Sheets, portable screens or existing walls are used as a screen for the projected image. Power is obtained from generators or car batteries.
Examples.
Large and well known open air cinemas include the Outdoor Cinema Food Fest in California, Oshkosh’s Fly-In theater or Screen on the Green (Atlanta). More and more often prestigious film festivals add outdoor movies to their regular screenings. Some of the most important outdoor movie events were the world premiere of "Shark Tale" on St. Mark’s Square at Venice Film Festival (2004) and open air at Dubai International Film Festival (2011).
There are also more private open air cinemas, sometimes as a part of a pool or backyard party. Unusual locations to show a movie outdoors include of skyscraper rooftops, screens floating on a lake with spectators sitting on boats or drive-in cinemas on the top floor of a parking garage. A special type of outdoor cinema is the drive-in theater.

</doc>
<doc id="31078837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078837" title="Bo Knape">
Bo Knape

Bo Knape (born 16 August 1949) is a Swedish sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Soling Class" at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31078838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078838" title="Shinichi Fujita">
Shinichi Fujita

Shinichi Fujita (born April 10, 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31078843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078843" title="Advert Service">
Advert Service

In distributed computing, an Advert Service is a centralized, hierarchical namespace structure where each element in the hierarchy can have multiple attributes.

</doc>
<doc id="31078845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078845" title="Fox (Middle East)">
Fox (Middle East)

Fox is a Middle Eastern version of the US network of the same name jointly owned by Rotana Entertainment and Fox International Channels within digital only. Fox was named Fox Series from 2008 to February 28, 2011. Fox was launched on March 1, 2011. The first show to premiere is MasterChef Australia.The channel is also available in Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan and Tajikistan.
History.
In 2006, Sky TV was launched. In 2008, Fox was named Fox Series, bringing top-rated American shows from companies such as Fox and ABC. All shows were subtitled in Arabic while the audio is in English. Fox Series was owned by Rotana Entertainment and Fox International Channels which also own Fox Series' sister channel Fox Movies.
In 2011, Fox Series announced that starting March 1, 2011 Fox Series would be rebooted as Fox with new shows, new seasons and that all shows would dubbed with dual audio option.
The first dubbed broadcast was MasterChef Australia. Due to complaints about Arabic-dubbing, during Glee's premiere on Fox, the language was changed from Arabic to English. Two days later, the network announced that English would be its main language, but that viewers could switch to Arabic. No subtitles (except Glee musical numbers) would be shown.
Current programs include "Brothers & Sisters", "GREEK", "Glee", "Ugly Betty", "MasterChef Australia", "" and Joweed W Mofeed Fox's original series "For Women Only".

</doc>
<doc id="31078856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078856" title="11th Cavalry Corps (Soviet Union)">
11th Cavalry Corps (Soviet Union)

The 11th Cavalry Corps of the Soviet Union's Red Army was a cavalry corps active during the Second World War.
It was created on 12 January 1942 at Kalinin Oblast. General Grigory Timofejev took command. 
Second World War.
On January 12, 1942, the 11th Cavalry Corps passed the breakthrough sector of 39th Army, raided the far rear of the German Army Group Centre alongside the west of the Rzhev-Sychevka-Vyazma traffic line. On January 26 1942, the Cavalry Corps cut the Vyazma-Smolensk road on the west of Vyazma, kept contact with the 33rd Army, the pioneering of Western Front, on the south-west of Vyazma, completed its campaign mission to envelop the Vyazma City.
From February to June 1942, the Cavalry Corps with 39th Army insisted defending the salient in the vicinity between Bely and Kholm-Zhirkovsky, which is nearly encircled by German troops, only a narrow corridor between Bely and Olenino to the main forces of Kalinin Front remained. 
On July 2 1942, the 9th Army of Germany launched the Operation Seydlitz, which is called Holme-Zhirkovskaya defensive operation by the Soviet Union, to eliminate the salient in the vicinity between Bely and Kholm-Zhirkovsky and annihilate the 39th Army and 11th Cavalry Corps. Intense fighting carried on to July 17, and the last resistance extinguished on July 23. After that, the unit designation of 11th Cavalry Corps was annulled in August 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="31078858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078858" title="Her Favourite Husband">
Her Favourite Husband

Her Favourite Husband (also known by the alternative titles The Taming of Dorothy and Quel bandito sono io) is a 1950 British-Italian comedy film directed by Mario Soldati and starring Jean Kent, Robert Beatty and Margaret Rutherford. It was based on a play by Peppino De Filippo.

</doc>
<doc id="31078863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078863" title="Robert W. Naylor">
Robert W. Naylor

Robert Wesley Naylor (born January 21, 1944) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a former California State Assemblyman, who represented the San Francisco Bay Area's 20th Assembly District from 1978–1986, who was Assembly Republican Leader from 1982–1984 and California Republican Party Chair from 1987–1989.
Naylor was born on January 21, 1944 in Reno, Nevada. Naylor earned his A.B. from Stanford University in 1966. While at Stanford, he was editor of "The Stanford Daily" and earned Phi Beta Kappa honors. Naylor earned his LL.B. from Yale Law School in 1969 and was admitted to the California bar in January 1970.
Naylor was a United States Army Lieutenant and served in the Vietnam War, where he was co-director of the Vietnam Orphans Airlift in 1975. Upon returning from Vietnam, Naylor became an attorney, working on political and tax law.
In 1978, Naylor was elected to represent southern San Mateo County as the Assemblyman for the 20th District. Re-elected to a second term in 1980, he was elected Assembly Republican Leader in 1982. During his tenure as Assembly Republican Leader, Naylor helped craft legislation tying increases in funding for public education with education reform measures, and pushed for pro-growth economic policies and a balanced state budget without tax increases. Re-elected to the Assembly in 1982 and 1984, Naylor did not seek a fifth term in the Assembly, instead choosing to seek the Republican nomination for the United States Senate, but won only 3.1% of the vote.
Shortly after leaving the Assembly at the end of his term in 1986, Naylor was elected Chairman of the California Republican Party, serving from 1987–1989. As party chair, he presided over Republican efforts to win California in the 1988 presidential election, which proved to be the last time Republicans have carried the state in a presidential election. Naylor has represented California as a delegate to ten Republican National Conventions, including in 1972, 1976, and 1980 (he was an alternate delegate in 2008).
In 1991, President George H. W. Bush appointed Naylor to the Board of Trustees of the James Madison Memorial Fellowship Foundation, where Naylor served from 1991–1995. He was also Chairman of the Association for California Tort Reform and was a founding member of the Board of Directors of Calnet Business Bank, headquartered in Sacramento. He also served as a director of the Civil Justice Association of California. He currently serves as Vice Chair of the Leland Stanford Mansion Foundation and as Co-Chair of Californians for an Effective Legislature.
He joined the law firm of Nielsen, Merksamer, Parrinello, Mueller & Naylor as a partner, specializing in government law. The firm was renamed Nielsen, Merksamer, Parrinello, Gross & Leoni when Naylor left the firm in 2011 to launch Robert W. Naylor Advocacy.
Naylor resides in the Encino area of Los Angeles with his wife, Linda Kasem. He has two daughters, Karen and Kristen, from a prior marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="31078865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078865" title="Asterivora ministra">
Asterivora ministra

Asterivora ministra is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 9 mm. The head is dark fuscous and the face sprinkled with white. The antennae are dark fuscous and the thorax is dark fuscous. The abdomen is also dark fuscous, but the segmental margins are partially white. The dark bronzy-fuscous forewings are suboblong, the costa moderately arched anteriorly, the apex obtuse, the termen slightly rounded and somewhat oblique. There are five very undefined irregular transverse shades of white irroration, the first three are rather curved or bent, the fourth forms a clear white spot on the costa beyond the middle and then a fine silvery quadrangular loop passing behind a transverse linear discal mark of white irroration. The fifth is straight and interrupted above the middle. There are also two or three silvery-metallic scales before the termen above the middle. The hindwings are light fuscous, becoming darker towards the termen.

</doc>
<doc id="31078882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078882" title="Tetsumasa Kimura">
Tetsumasa Kimura

Tetsumasa Kimura (木村 哲昌, born January 24, 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31078885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078885" title="Stefan Krook">
Stefan Krook

Stefan Krook (born 1 October 1950) is a Swedish sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Soling Class" at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31078886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078886" title="Asterivora microlitha">
Asterivora microlitha

Asterivora microlitha is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is 9–10 mm. The head and thorax are irrorated with white above and the antennae are dotted with white. The abdomen has strongly white segmental margins. The forewings are more narrowed towards the base than in similar species "Asterivora ministra". Furthermore, the fasciae of white irroration are more strongly marked, the fourth is slender, but more sharply marked and brightly silvery-metallic above the discal mark and at the apex of the dorsal section. The hindwings have a white streak which is slender, regular and well-marked.

</doc>
<doc id="31078907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078907" title="Mexican WhiteBoy">
Mexican WhiteBoy

Mexican WhiteBoy is a 2008 novel by Matt de la Peña. De la Peña drew on his own adolescent passion for sports in developing his main character Danny, a baseball enthusiast. The novel, which is set in San Diego, uses Spanglish and has a bicultural theme.
Plot.
Danny Lopez, a young teenager, is the main character of "Mexican WhiteBoy". The first part of this book talks about him as a shy boy from San Diego. His school, Leucadia Prep, has a majority of white children and he feels different from all of the other kids even though he has only a slightly darker skin tone. During this summer he went with his cousin Sofia. 
Danny’s uncle, Ray, wanted to beat up someone but did not know who to beat up because Danny wouldn't tell him because he was afraid to. After his uncle left, then Danny got in a car with his friends and his other friends got on another car and they were going to Del Mar Fair. In Danny’s car somebody got out a bottle of alcohol and they were passing it around so everybody would get a sip. Danny had never had a drink in his life but Sofia influenced him to drink a little bit, so Danny did. At one point in the fair they went to go feed some goats celery and Danny remembered his dad. When Danny first sees Liberty, he feels something inside of him that cannot be described.
Danny, and Sofies' friends go to the theater and Danny bought them popcorn. Danny sees Liberty in the line of the theater where they were standing at. Danny, and Uno are in the mound, they go against Carmelo and JJ. Danny had a bad day because he couldn't pitch the ball straight at Uno's hands. Danny overhears Sofie and his Uncle Tommy talking about his dad abusing his mom. Danny, and Uno go against Carmelo and JJ. This time Danny gives Carmelo three strikes, and Carmelo keeps saying do double or nothing, and they keep on raising money, and Carmelo gets mad. JJ grabs the hat with the money inside and tries running with it but Uno gets JJ from behind and punches him and all of JJs' friends comes in and tackle Danny and Uno then this guy from Los Padres scout came and tackles two of the kids that were punching Danny and Uno. Later both Danny and Uno run to the bus stop. 
Danny gets a phone call from his mother from San Francisco, she tells him how beautiful San Francisco is but out of nowhere she starts crying. In the novel his mother tells him that she wants to be with the family again and be happy so she told him that she is going to pick him up in a few days. So Uno and Danny decide to have one last practice at Las Palmas, that evening Uno and Sofie was talking about there life and how would it change if this happened and looking to the future. She tells him “ Anyways this girl climbs up the ladder real slow right? But her parents let her do it all by herself. And the whole time she has this huge smile in her face. And when she gets to the top of the slide, she sits there for a sec, clapping her hands and laughing. Her parents hustle around to the bottom of the slide and she says ‘Here I come’ its like she was saying it to the world (pg. 212). 
Uno takes Danny to his old school and they found Kyle a future baseball player that had been scouted, Uno tells Kyle to put money on the line but Danny and Uno losses the bet. After getting into a fight with the other guys, Uno and Danny head home. At Sofia's house they talk about their future. As the story ends, Uno and Danny go to their favorite spot throw some rocks. Danny realizes that after all that he's been through he's glad to be where he is today.
Reception.
A New York Times reviewer described the author's characterization of Danny as "remarkably human," and his treatment of the themes of self-discovery as "never corny, sentimental or sappy."
Additionally, the novel's use of Spanglish sets it apart from other young adult novels, making English-speaking "readers . . . feel like outsiders among the hard-edged kids of National City," a reviewer for "The School Library Journal" noted. However, with time, the reviewer added, "characters' language starts to feel familiar and warm." Rohrlick, for Kliatt, was also impressed with de la Peña's "terrific dialogue" and his use of "street slang". Reviewers recommend the novel for "mixed race" readers. The issues of biculturalism in "Mexican WhiteBoy" and other works were the subject of a conference presentation by the author at the University of Arizona's 2010 Tucson Festival of Books.

</doc>
<doc id="31078910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078910" title="Fort Juniata Crossing">
Fort Juniata Crossing

Fort Juniata Crossing, also known as Fort Juniata or simply Juniata Crossing, was a British French and Indian War era fortification located along the Forbes Road. The fort was located along a strategic ford of the Raystown Branch of the Juniata River about 1 ½ miles west of the current site of Breezewood, Pennsylvania. 
It was constructed in the summer of 1758 as part of a string or forts located along the line of supply and communication westward from the British Army’s forward base at the frontier settlement of Carlisle as General Forbes’ army pushed westward toward the French garrison at Fort Duquesne.
Located about halfway between the British fortifications at Fort Littleton to the east and Fort Bedford to the west, Fort Juniata Crossing protected a vital ford across the Raystown Branch of the Juniata River. As the Juniata was the only major river ford along the road between Carlisle and Fort Duquesne, the site was of particular strategic importance. 
Smaller and with a smaller garrison than larger forts such as Fort Bedford and Fort Ligonier, Fort Juniata Crossing consisted of fortified storehouses on each side of the river along with a main stockade on the west side of the river. The stockade was a log star shaped fort with five bastions enclosing an area of about 1.7 acres (6,900 square meters).
Colonel Henry Bouquet, General Forbes’ principle lieutenant on the campaign, chose the site of the fort. He wrote..
"" The Road from Littleton to Seydeling Hill is good but the Juniata still has 4 1/2 feet of water. We can ford it in a few days, but as a precaution we will build a bridge. The farther I go away from the settlements the more I see that this expedition, which is believed so easy, is full of almost insurmountable difficulties. ""
The fort was of little use to the British Army after the campaign and immediately went into a state of decline. In 1763 Fort Juniata Crossing along with the nearby stockade at Stony Creek were abandoned and the personnel and stores were transferred to Ford Bedford. The road continued to be in use however by army supply wagons to the newly constructed Fort Pitt and later by settlers traveling west. A proper bridge was eventually constructed at the ford for use by road travelers. By 1790 the road was moved to a location near the present site of Route 30 and the bridge and this portion of the roadway fell into disuse. The bridge’s stone piers are still visible however. In 1952, the state of Pennsylvania erected a historical marker along Route 30 about ½ mile south of the fort’s location. 
Fort Martin.
A Revolutionary War era stockade, named Fort Martin, was constructed on or near the site in the late 1770s. The exact location of the stockade has been lost to history but it is described as being near the “chain bridge” at the site of the former Fort Juniata Crossing. It was a small blockhouse structure constructed by local civilians and designed as a haven for local settlers against raids by hostile Native American war parties. It fell into disuse after the war ended and the threat of raids was over.

</doc>
<doc id="31078915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078915" title="Lennart Roslund">
Lennart Roslund

Lennart Roslund (born 15 February 1946) is a Swedish sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Soling Class" at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31078920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078920" title="Asterivora urbana">
Asterivora urbana

Asterivora urbana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 9.5 mm. The head is fuscous with whitish scales and the thorax is bronzy-brown dotted with black and with longer scales. The legs are dark fuscous irrorated with whitish and the antennae are blackish annulated with grey. The abdomen is dark fuscous, although the margins of the segments are grey. The bronzy-brown forewings are elongate, the costa anteriorly arched, the apex moderately obtuse, the termen slightly rounded and oblique. There is a grey inwardly-oblique area at less than half of the wing, which is distinct on the dorsal side but obscurely reaching the costa. The hindwings are dark fuscous, but lighter on the basal half.

</doc>
<doc id="31078935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078935" title="Norwegian parliamentary election, 1879">
Norwegian parliamentary election, 1879

Parliamentary elections were held in Norway in 1879. The elections were not held on a specific date, as the various cities and "Amts" held the election at their own choice. Instead, the elections stretched from June to several months later. Voting rights were highly limited, as women were not allowed to vote and there were strong restrictions on men's ability to vote. It has been estimated that only 2.5% of the population of Christiania (Oslo), and 4.6% of the national population, was eligible to vote. The national election turnout was 48.7% (85% in Christiania), and 114 representatives were elected for the Norwegian Parliament, an increase of three seats compared to the Storting elected in 1876.
While there were no official parties, two informal groups existed, namely "Venstre", or "the Liberals" ("de liberale"), and "Høire". The latter list was called "Aftenpostens og Morgenbladets liste" in Christiania. The "Venstre" opposition, led by Johan Sverdrup, gained popularity particularly in the districts, while "Høire" remained the most popular in the cities. In Christiania, the "Aftenpostens og Morgenbladets liste" won about 1,800 of the votes, while "Venstre" won about 600.

</doc>
<doc id="31078943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078943" title="Bill Duplissea">
Bill Duplissea

Bill Duplissea may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31078947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078947" title="Asterivora nivescens">
Asterivora nivescens

Asterivora nivescens is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is 16–17 mm. The head and palpi are brown densely sprinkled with white and the antennae are blackish annulated with white. The thorax is bronzy-brown, although the tegulae are spotted with white. The abdomen is bronzy-brown, but the segmental divisions are white. The legs are brown, densely sprinkled with white. The bronzy-brown forewings are moderate, the costa slightly arched, the apex rounded, the termen slightly rounded and a little oblique. The hindwings are fuscous.

</doc>
<doc id="31078958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078958" title="Institute of Swimming">
Institute of Swimming

The Institute of Swimming is a swimming educational organisation based in Loughborough, Leicestershire.
History.
It was known as the Institute of Swimming Teachers and Coaches (ISTC), and was based on "Granby Street" in Loughborough town centre, and previous to that in the 1990s on "Forest Road" (B5350) at Dawson House. As the IoS it was previously based at Harold Fern House in the town.
The ISTC was formed by the ASA in the 1970s. It became the Institute of Swimming on 15 July 2004. The organisation was incorporated as a company on 6 October 1983.
Function.
It supplies the main training for the Amateur Swimming Association (ASA). Swimming schools and coaches can be registered with the organisation so long as they have adequate coaching qualifications. This register is available to the public searching for qualified swimming instructors. In this respect it is similar to a trade association for swimming teachers. Comprehensive insurance is provided as part of membership.
It published the magazine "Swimming" (when the ISTC), now called "Swimming Times", published with the ASA.
Professional qualifications.
Fellows of the Institute of Swimming can use the FIoS designation after their name.
Structure.
SportPark, 3 Oakwood Drive, Loughborough, Leicestershire, LE11 3QF

</doc>
<doc id="31078960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078960" title="Asterivora tristis">
Asterivora tristis

Asterivora tristis is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31078970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078970" title="Field lens">
Field lens

In imaging optics, a field lens is a positive-powered lens or group of lenses that comes after the objective lens and before the image plane or the eyepiece, serving to change the size of the image, or to provide image-space telecentricity.

</doc>
<doc id="31078973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078973" title="Great Madrasah">
Great Madrasah

The Great Madrasah was a madrasah (school) in Nicosia, Cyprus. It was built in 1573 and it was the first madrasah in Cyprus. It included classrooms and dormitories and in 1828, a fountain was added. In 1936 the madrasah was demolished, but education continued until the 1939–40 academic year until finally being abandoned later in 1940. It was donated by Ismail Aga, and owned by Evkaf Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="31078976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078976" title="Margaret Roka Mauwa">
Margaret Roka Mauwa

Margaret Roka Mauwa (b. 1959) is an expert in agriculture who, in June 2009, became Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Food Security in the cabinet of Malawi.
Mauwa was born in 1959.
She obtained a diploma in Agriculture from the University of Malawi, Bunda and an MSc in Agriculture Extension and Rural Development from the University of Reading, United Kingdom.
She has spent most of her working career at the Ministry of Agriculture.
Positions include Gender Officer and then Capacity Building Officer, Program Coordinator at Training Support Programme for Community Based, Natural Resources Management, Institutional and Human Development Manager at Training Support for Partners, and
Social Development Specialist for a Microprojects Program run by the Government of Malawa with the European Union (2007-2009).
Mauwa joined the Democratic Progressive Party in 2005 and was elected a Member of Parliament for the Chiradzulu North District on 19 May 2009.
She was appointed Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Food Security on 15 June 2009.
President Bingu wa Mutharika acted as Minister of Agriculture.
After the cabinet shuffle of 9 August 2010, she retained her position as Deputy Minister while Peter Mwanza was made Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="31078978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078978" title="The Sport of Kings (film)">
The Sport of Kings (film)

The Sport of Kings is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Leslie Henson, Hugh Wakefield and Gordon Harker. A stern Justice of the Peace takes over a firm of bookmakers. It was based on a play by Ian Hay.

</doc>
<doc id="31078981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078981" title="Yasuhiro Yamamura">
Yasuhiro Yamamura

Yasuhiro Yamamura (山村 泰弘, born August 18, 1976) is a Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31078982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078982" title="Asterivora tillyardi">
Asterivora tillyardi

Asterivora tillyardi is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 17.5 mm. The head and thorax are white mixed with pale fuscous and the antennae are black annulated with white. The abdomen is bronzy-fuscous, suffusedly annulated with whitish. The legs are whitish mixed with bronzy-fuscous. The pale bronzy-fuscous mixed with dark fuscous forewings are moderate, the costa hardly arched, the apex pointed, the termen markedly sinuate and oblique. The markings are snow-white. There is a small basal patch and a broad band before middle, projecting outwardly in the disc and touching the following band. The hindwings are greyish-fuscous.

</doc>
<doc id="31078991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078991" title="Thendral Sudum">
Thendral Sudum

__NOTOC__
 
Thendral Sudum is a 1989 Indian Tamil language film starring Nizhalgal Ravi, Raadhika Sarathkumar and Senthil
. Story and dialogue by Karunanidhi. 
Box-Office.
The film was a success and was considered one of the masterpieces of Manobala.

</doc>
<doc id="31078996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31078996" title="Asterivora symbolaea">
Asterivora symbolaea

Asterivora symbolaea is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31079010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079010" title="Lloyd Graham">
Lloyd Graham

Lloyd James Graham (born May 29, 1949, in Mackay, Queensland) is a former Queensland Rugby Union player.
Born the son of a cane farmer, Jim Graham, Graham represented Queensland in Rugby, playing 30 matches for the state, including wins over New South Wales in 1970, Scotland in 1970, and the British Lions in 1971. 
After his days as an athlete Graham ran a successful advertising agency for many years in Brisbane, and was Qld. Chairman of the Advertising Federation of Australia from 1988 to 1990. A Life Member of the Queensland Rugby Club and the GPS Old Boys Rugby Club, he now runs the marketing consultancy company Media Works.

</doc>
<doc id="31079022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079022" title="Eberhard Junkersdorf">
Eberhard Junkersdorf

Eberhard Junkersdorf (born 27 September 1938) is a German film producer. He has produced over 50 films since 1975. He was a member of the jury at the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31079023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079023" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Wright County, Missouri">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wright County, Missouri

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Wright County, Missouri.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wright County, Missouri, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 5 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="31079026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079026" title="Asterivora oleariae">
Asterivora oleariae

Asterivora oleariae is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand (Steward Island, Big South Cape Island, The Snares).
The wingspan is 7-8.7 mm. There is one generation per year on the Snares.
The larvae feed on "Olearia colensoi", "Olearia argentea", "Olearia lyalli" and "Olearia angustifolia".

</doc>
<doc id="31079046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079046" title="Feather pecking">
Feather pecking

Feather pecking is a behavioural problem that occurs most frequently amongst domestic hens reared for egg production, although it does occur in other poultry such as pheasants, turkeys, ducks and is sometimes seen in farmed ostriches. Feather pecking occurs when one bird repeatedly pecks at the feathers of another. Two levels of severity are recognised, gentle and severe. Gentle feather pecking is considered to be normal investigatory behaviour where the feathers of the recipient are hardly disturbed and therefore does not represent a problem. In severe feather pecking, however, the feathers of the recipient are grasped, pulled at and sometimes removed. This is painful for the receiving bird and can lead to trauma of the skin or bleeding, which in turn can lead to cannibalism and death.
Feather pecking is one of the major problems facing the egg industry in non-cage
systems and is set to become an even greater issue with the EU legislation (Council Directive 1999/74/EC) ban on the keeping of laying hens in barren battery cages which comes into force in 2012, and the prospect of a ban on beak-trimming (see below). Reducing feather pecking without resorting to beak-trimming is an important goal for the poultry industry.
Motivational basis.
Feather pecking is considered to be re-directed behaviour, developing either from ground pecking or pecking during dustbathing, although the former hypothesis is now the more favoured. Captive birds are very often kept in barren environments with limited foraging opportunities and in addition, are usually fed a nutrient-dense diet which can be eaten in a few minutes rather than the hours it would require to acquire during normal foraging. In combination, these cause the birds' foraging activity to be re-directed to the feathers of their conspecifics. 
Sometimes, feathers that are removed are then eaten, in which case the behaviour is termed "feather eating". Whilst there may be a positive association between feather pecking and eating, at least in the individual bird, this is likely due to an overall higher pecking motivation. Eating feathers increases gut transit indicating that feather pecking and feather eating have a different motivational basis.
Development.
Early experience can influence severe feather pecking in later life. Commercial egg-laying hens have often already begun feather pecking when they are transferred to the egg laying farm from the rearing farm at approximately 16–20 weeks of age, and plumage quality can then rapidly deteriorate until peak lay at approximately 25 weeks of age. Severe feather pecking can either begin or persist beyond this age although it rarely begins after 40 weeks of age. 
Although there are links between gentle feather pecking and severe feather pecking, it is still not clear whether the gentle form leads to the severe form. 
Some areas of the body are targeted for feather pecking and there is a pattern in the development of which areas are pecked. The rump area over the uropygial gland and the tail are often the first body regions to show signs of plumage damage due to feather pecking, followed by the neck, wings and back, although it should be noted that in the ostrich which has a similar pattern of feather pecking development, the uropygial gland is absent.
Prevalence.
Although feather pecking occurs in all commercial housing systems used for egg laying hens, it is often more prevalent or severe in loose flock systems because it is less easy to control and can spread more rapidly. Prevalence figures range between 57 to 86% of free-range flocks and 99% of hens within a flock can be affected. The UK national flock of egg laying hens is currently (2011) approximately 33 million birds of which approximately 10 million are free-range. This indicates that 5.5 million free-range hens/year are likely to be affected by feather pecking. It has been estimated that 4% of hens on free-range farms die because of feather pecking, representing 220,000 deaths each year in the UK alone due to this behavioural problem. EU legislation (Council Directive 1999/74/EC) will ban battery or conventional cages in 2012 meaning that many producers will change to using free-range systems, possibly exacerbating this welfare problem until we learn effective methods of its control - see Defra's "A Guide To The Practical Management of Feather Pecking & Cannibalism in Free Range Laying Hens" 
Risk factors.
Feather pecking is a multifactorial problem and a large number of risk factors have been identified for commercial flocks. 
Factors likely to "reduce" feather pecking are:
Methods of control.
Beak-trimming.
Beak-trimming, sometimes misleadingly termed debeaking, is perhaps most accurately described as ‘partial beak-amputation’. It is performed on poultry to reduce the incidence or damage caused by feather pecking or cannibalism and involves amputating the distal one to two thirds of the bird’s beak by either a blade or infra-red beam. Beak-trimming causes welfare concerns because the internal tissue of the beak contains many nerves which are transected during the process - it is only the surface and extreme tip of the beak that is keratinised, dead tissue. This can lead to neuromas (abnormal nerve regeneration) developing in the amputated beak stump from which there might be abnormal spontaneous neural discharges similar to the discharges originating from stump neuromas in human amputees and implicated in phantom limb pain.
It has been shown that domestic hens have iron mineral deposits in the dendrites in the upper beak and are capable of magnetoreception. Because hens use directional information from the magnetic field of the earth to orient in relatively small areas, this raises the possibility that beak-trimming impairs the ability of hens to orient in extensive systems, or move in and out of buildings in free-range systems.
A further negative aspect of beak-trimming is that it leaves birds less able to groom themselves effectively, thus beak-trimmed hens have greater ectoparasite burdens than hens with intact beaks.
Light manipulations.
A widely used method of reducing feather pecking is to reduce light intensity, but because a minimum of 5 lux is necessary to maintain egg laying, intensities of 10 lux or more are recommended. At these low intensities it becomes difficult for humans to inspect the hens properly, especially in the more crowded densely populated housing systems, and human colour vision is hindered making the detection of blood almost impossible. Low light intensites may be associated with other welfare costs to the hens as they prefer to eat in brightly lit environments and prefer brightly lit areas for active behaviour but dim (<10 lux) for inactive behaviour. Dimming the lights can also cause problems when the intensity is then abruptly increased temporarily to inspect the hens; this has been associated as a risk factor of increased feather pecking and the birds can become frightened resulting in panic-type ("hysteria") reactions which can increase the risk of injury. In turkeys, low light intensities (perhaps in combination with long light phases) can cause retinal detachment and buphthalmia, a distortion of the eye morphology that can lead to blindness. This does not appear to have been investigated for layer hens under modern lighting patterns. Gradual changes in light intensity simulating a dawn and dusk at the beginning and end of the light phase rather than switching off lights abruptly enables birds to feed in anticipation of the dark period and to move safely to roosts, rather than moving in the dark and risking injury which is possibly more important in furnished systems. Many producers have tried placing red filters over windows or using red lighting to reduce feather pecking and cannibalism. This was even the subject of a patent,[http://www.freepatentsonline.com/4625728.pdf] however, if such a simple solution was effective, it would have been adopted widely by the industry.
It has been suggested that the absence of UV from artificial light sources may have a role in the causation of feather pecking in turkeys. The extent to which the absence of UV from artificial lights compromises poultry and other animal welfare is not yet known. Other poultry species prefer areas illuminated with additional UV, but poultry reared without UV show little indication of being stressed.
Selective breeding and genetics.
Feather pecking has a heritable component with heritabilities for this trait ranging from 0.07 to 0.56. Lines of hens exhibiting high or low feather pecking activity have been developed by artificial selection with high feather pecking birds showing more feather pecking than low feather pecking birds from the second generation onwards.
Selection for indirect indicators of feather pecking, specifically intact feather cover and livability in multi-bird groups leads, has led to reductions in feather pecking and cannibalism. Considerable additive genetic variation exists for these traits with estimates of heritability ranging from 0.22 to 0.54. A trait has been identified which combines feather pecking and cannibalism leading to severe injury or death in beak-intact birds; this has a high heritability at 0.65.
There has been less work at the molecular level of the genetics of feather pecking. Major genes for feather pecking have been found along with the polygenes. There are markers for severe feather pecking on chromosomes 1, 2, and 10 and also possibly on chromosome 3.
Devices (bits and spectacles).
Devices have been developed to reduce or eliminate the damaging effects of feather pecking. These devices require time and skill to fit and therefore have problems of practicality given that commercial flocks usually contain several thousands of birds. Because of this, they are not used widely in modern poultry production, except for gamekeeping. 
Legislation.
Legislation regarding these devices in the UK is formulated by Defra. 
For laying hens, the relevant literature is the Defra Code of Recommendations for the Welfare of Livestock: Laying Hens. This states ""The Welfare of Livestock (Prohibited Operations) Regulations 1982 (S.I. 1982 No.1884) prohibits...the fitting of any appliance which has the object or effect of limiting vision to a bird by a method involving the penetration or other mutilation of the nasal septum.""
For gamebirds, the relevant legislation is the Defra Code of Practice for the Welfare of Gamebirds Reared for Sporting Purposes. This states ""5.1 The use of management devices or practices that do not allow birds to fully express their range of normal behaviours should not be considered as routine and keepers should work towards the ideal of management systems that do not require these devices. Such devices and practices include mutilations...and the use of bits, spectacles and hoods to prevent feather pecking, egg eating or aggression. Their use should be justified on a flock by flock basis and regularly reviewed in the flock health and welfare plan. Any device that is designed to pierce the nasal septum is illegal.""

</doc>
<doc id="31079060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079060" title="Venkata Rayar">
Venkata Rayar

Venkata Rayar was an Indian administrator who served as the Diwan of Cochin kingdom from 1856 to 1860. He became Diwan in 1856 on the sudden death of the then Diwan, T. Sankara Warrier. He was highly unpopular for his repressive policies. Eventually, delegation of popular citizens from Cochin met the Governor of Madras and submitted a memorandum requesting his removal. On the orders of the Governor of Madras, the then king of Cochin removed Venkata Rayar and replaced him with T. Sankunni Menon.

</doc>
<doc id="31079066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079066" title="Abu Dhiba">
Abu Dhiba

Abu Dhiba or Abu Diba is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079068" title="Abū Shayţānah">
Abū Shayţānah

Abū Shayţānah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079072" title="Chris Leslie">
Chris Leslie

Chris Leslie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31079074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079074" title="Abyar 'Ali">
Abyar 'Ali

Abyar 'Ali is a town and western suburb of Medina in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079075" title="The Sporting Lover">
The Sporting Lover

The Sporting Lover is a 1926 American sports romance film directed by Alan Hale and starring Conway Tearle, Barbara Bedford and Ward Crane. It was based on the British play "Good Luck" by Ian Hay.
Plot.
During the First World War an American officer and a British aristocrat fall in love but are separated. After the war he returns to find her engaged to another man. The issue is settled by a bet on The Derby horse race.

</doc>
<doc id="31079076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079076" title="Ad Dulu`">
Ad Dulu`

Ad Dulu` is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079077" title="Al `Awali">
Al `Awali

Al `Awaliis a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079079" title="Al `Uqul">
Al `Uqul

Al `Uqul or Al Aqul is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079080" title="Chief of Defence Force (Singapore)">
Chief of Defence Force (Singapore)

The Chief of Defence Force (CDF; ) of Singapore is the head of the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF), who holds the rank of a three-star general or admiral. The position was created in 1974 as the Chief of General Staff with the appointment of Winston Choo, and changed to its current name in May 1990. Prior to the appointment of Choo as Chief of General Staff, the Ministry of Defence (and before it, the Ministry of Interior and Defence) was in charge of the SAF. Before the position was created, the head of Singapore's army—which at that time made up the military—held the position of Director, General Staff.
The President of Singapore has the power to appoint each new CDF (as well as new heads of each of the three services in the SAF) on the advice of the Prime Minister of Singapore, who in turn must consult with the Armed Forces Council, on which the CDF sits. The CDF also maintains a role as an aide-de-camp to the President.
Role.
The CDF is the operational head of the SAF, and holds a seat on the Armed Forces Council which oversees all matters pertaining to the SAF. In addition, if any of the three service chiefs—the Chief of Army, Chief of Navy or Chief of Air Force—is unable to carry out his duties, the CDF is tasked to perform those duties in addition to his own. If the CDF is unable to perform his own duties, the Minister of Defence is allowed to select one of the three service chiefs to perform the CDF's duties.
The office of CDF also carries with it a position as one of three full-time aides-de-camp to the President. According to the Singapore Presidential Office website, the position entails handling the President's security and his social needs, in addition to other general duties.
A number of powers relating to summary trials for military offences is vested in the CDF. Paragraph 2, Section 62 of the Singapore Armed Forces Act states that any offence in which the accused holds the rank of Colonel or Military Expert 7 is to be referred to the CDF, who can then dismiss the charge, hold a summary trial, or pass the case on to the director of legal services of the SAF, who can in turn instruct the CDF to try the accused.
As head of the SAF, the CDF often makes visits to countries with shared military interests, such as Bahrain, Japan, and Vietnam, and also occasionally hosts foreign military chiefs on official visits.
Leadership of the SAF before 1990.
The role of the head of the SAF was first titled as "Director, General Staff" around 1969, and was held by Brigadier T. J. D. Campbell, who was previously the head of the Singapore Defence Force and the Singapore Volunteer Corps before Singapore gained independence in 1965. Campbell had been the acting-Director since around 1968. Colonel Kirpa Ram Vij was appointed his successor. According to sources, the position of "Director, General Staff" was considered similar to the position of the present-day CDF, and was equivalent to the head of army. A news report from "The Straits Times" on Campbell's death refers to him as having been "army chief".
In 1974, Colonel Winston Choo was given the appointment of Chief of General Staff, having previously been a departmental head at the Ministry of Defence (MINDEF). In May 1990, the position was changed to its current name, with Choo, who had been promoted to Lieutenant-General, still in office. He had been promoted to each of the general ranks in 1974, 1978 and 1988. Choo stepped down in 1992, after 18 years as the head of the SAF.
Lee Kuan Yew, who was Singapore's Prime Minister in the 1970s, described Goh Keng Swee as the "de facto" armed forces chief of staff when the latter was Minister of Defence. Goh is considered to be the founder of the modern SAF, having been responsible for developing the SAF while serving as Minister of Defence from 1965–1967.
Although Campbell and Vij have both held a position of similar authority, Choo is referred to as the first CDF in a number of MINDEF publications.
In the past, there also existed a Deputy Chief of General Staff who was tasked to " with troops on the ground", but there is no deputy position for the present-day CDF in the structure of the SAF.
Chiefs of Defence Force since 1990.
Since the appointment of CDF was established in 1990 there have been seven holders of the position, beginning with Winston Choo who was already in office as Chief of General Staff.
All of the above execept Ng Chee Meng have left military service.
In their retirement citations from the Ministry of Defence,

</doc>
<doc id="31079081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079081" title="Al `Uyun">
Al `Uyun

Al `Uyun is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079082" title="Al Akhal">
Al Akhal

Al Akḩal is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079084" title="Al Bardiyah">
Al Bardiyah

Al Bardiyah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079085" title="Broom Hill">
Broom Hill

Broom Hill may refer to:
And several other UK locations .

</doc>
<doc id="31079088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079088" title="Theory of storage">
Theory of storage

The Theory of Storage describes features observed in commodity markets:
When inventory levels of the commodity in question are high:
When inventory levels of the commodity are low:
The theory of storage was originally developed and described by Holbrook Working in 1933. It was extended by Kaldor in 1939 (who introduced the notion of convenience yield), by Brennan in 1958 (who estimated demand and supply curves for storage), by Weymar in 1968 (who related convenience yield to the probability of inventory stockout) and by Schwartz in 1997 (modeling the yield as a mean-reverting stochastic process).

</doc>
<doc id="31079095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079095" title="Hunting Time">
Hunting Time

Hunting Time () is a 1988 Turkish drama film directed by Erden Kıral about the 1980 Turkish coup d'état. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31079101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079101" title="Lorraine Fox">
Lorraine Fox

Lorraine Fox (1922–1976) was a prolific American illustrator and commercial artist. She worked at the Charles E. Cooper studio with a collection of well-known male illustrators of the 1950s, including Al Parker, Coby Whitmore, Jon Whitcomb, and Joseph Bowler. Their office published in many mainstream magazines in the 1950s, and given attitudes towards working women in the period, Lorraine struggled, but managed, to carve an enduring place as a respected illustrator.

</doc>
<doc id="31079106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079106" title="Al Biqa'">
Al Biqa'

Al Biqā‘ is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079108" title="Al Bustan, Saudi Arabia">
Al Bustan, Saudi Arabia

Al Bustān or El-Bustân is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079109" title="Al Faqirah">
Al Faqirah

Al Faqīrah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079110" title="Al Furaysh">
Al Furaysh

Al Furaysh is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079114" title="Al Hafirah, Al Madinah">
Al Hafirah, Al Madinah

Al Hafirah is a village in western Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079115" title="Jeni Klugman">
Jeni Klugman

Jeni Klugman is a development economist. She is Director of Gender and Development at the World Bank Group, where she serves as lead spokesperson on gender equality issues and is responsible for developing strategic directions to support the institution's gender and development priorities. She also serves on several advisory boards, including the World Economic Forum's Advisory Board on Sustainability and Competitiveness, and those related to the work of the Council on Foreign Relations, Plan International, International Civil Society Network, UNDP 2013 World Report on Democratic Governance, and a European Union research program on GDP and beyond. Prior to taking up this position in August 2011, Klugman was the director and lead author of three global Human Development Reports published by the United Nations Development Programme: "Overcoming Barriers: Human Mobility and Development" (2009); "The Real Wealth of Nations: Pathways to Human Development" (2010); and "Sustainability and Equity: a Better Future for All" (2011). From 1992-2008, she held various positions at the World Bank, focusing in particular on poverty, inequality, and human development in low-income countries in Africa, Europe, and Asia. Klugman has published a number of books, papers and reports on topics ranging from poverty reduction strategies and labor markets to conflict, health reform, education, and decentralization. She holds a Ph.D. in Economics from the Australian National University, as well as postgraduate degrees in Law and Development Economics from Oxford University, where she was a Rhodes Scholar 

</doc>
<doc id="31079117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079117" title="Al Hafr">
Al Hafr

Al Ḩafr is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.
References.
It is also a game played at Oman .

</doc>
<doc id="31079120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079120" title="Al Hamra', Al Madinah">
Al Hamra', Al Madinah

Al Hamra' is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079122" title="Al Jabriyah">
Al Jabriyah

Al Jabriyah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079123" title="Al Jissah">
Al Jissah

Al Jissah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079124" title="Al Kharma'">
Al Kharma'

Al Kharma' is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079127" title="Al Madiq, Al Madinah">
Al Madiq, Al Madinah

Al Madiq is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079128" title="Al Malbanah">
Al Malbanah

Al Malbanah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079129" title="Al Mufrihat">
Al Mufrihat

Al Mufrihat is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079130" title="Al Multasa">
Al Multasa

Al Multasa is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079133" title="Al Musayjid">
Al Musayjid

Al Musayjid is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079134" title="Al Wuday">
Al Wuday

Al Wuday is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079135" title="As Sadayir">
As Sadayir

As Sadayir is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079136" title="As Safra'">
As Safra'

As Safra' is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079137" title="As Sidr, Saudi Arabia">
As Sidr, Saudi Arabia

As Sidr is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079138" title="As Sudayrah, Al Madinah">
As Sudayrah, Al Madinah

As Sudayrah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079139" title="Love Sick (novel)">
Love Sick (novel)

Love Sick is a novel written by Jake Coburn. It was first published on September 22, 2005 by Dutton Juvenile.
Plot.
"Love Sick" follows the story of Ted, a former teenage alcoholic, as he spies on a girl, Erica, at their college for her father. After a drunk driving accident his senior year, Ted is left with a busted knee and no college scholarship. The novel opens with Ted, the protagonist, speaking at an AA meeting at his three month mark. He talks about how he had been drinking throughout his four years at high school, and talks about the accident that caused him to lose his scholarship. After his AA meeting, he goes home, where he meets Michael Eslem. Michael tells Ted that he was there to offer Ted a deal to get him back into his university. He could go to his dream college completely free, except he would have to spy on Erica at the college. With convincing, Ted agrees to the deal.
Erica's opening scene is when she steals mini donuts from a grocery store and eats them at her house. She eats 12 of them, a calorie overdose and we learn she throws up afterward and does this often. Throughout the book, her father and her spill information about her former and ongoing struggle including her having to be hospitalized from purging too much. Understanding the Yahoo Chess chats with her therapist allows the reader to know that her conversations are confined and her father cannot know about them, but this is the very reason for Ted needing to spy on her.
Through a series of emails, it is agreed that Ted will be placed in the same dorm as Erica, making it as easy as possible to spy on her. On his first day, he briefly encounters Erica leaving the bathroom. Slowly, they get to know each other as they deal with their problems. Ted connects with Erica in many ways, including when she woke up in Ted's roommate's bed having a hangover. Ted attends local AA meetings, and Erika talks with her therapist over Yahoo Chess.
As the book progresses, Erica and Ted confess their feelings for one another, and they spend the night in Ted’s dorm room. Ted realizes he does not want to spy on Erica any longer, and so he calls Michael and quits. Following this, he takes some of his roommate’s alcohol, drinking until Erica wakes up and he tells her. Erica gets angry and leaves for the city, contacting Doctor Rudas and asking to go into rehab to deal with her problem of bulimia. Back at college, Ted realizes his mistake.
This mistake angers Michael, and in the car, driving with him, he pulls a gun on Ted. With no other choice and options, Ted crashes the car into a tree and the story ends concludes at this point. The severity of the control of Michael and Erica's father is shown completely in this scene.
This novel contains romance, alcohol and bulimia struggles, with a very college-like scene. Though the dramatic influences and struggles and scenes, it is at a typical late middle schooler's reading level though recommended for high school students so that they may wholly understand it. The novel is also a great example of these illnesses, and can be read at basically any level above late middle school for more examples of the illnesses or just for a nice book written the flowing words of the author.
Reception.
"The School Library Journal" said "Love Sick" is a "fast-paced narrative." Also, they add, “"Love Sick" will keep readers rooting for these teens.”
"Booklist" praised the author's characterization. “Coburn manages to imbue Ted and his spoiled-rich-kid characters with a surprising humanity. The dialogue is gritty and realistic, and Coburn’s writing skill is evident in his almost sensual descriptions of Erica’s binging rituals.” Additionally, the reviewer added, Michael’s “breezy, cheesy, e-mails provide comic relief.”
Bibliography.
Coburn, Jake. (2005). "Love Sick". New York: Dutton Juvenile.

</doc>
<doc id="31079142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079142" title="As Sumariyah">
As Sumariyah

As Sumariyah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079143" title="As Suwayriqiyah">
As Suwayriqiyah

As Suwayriqiyah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.The village lies to the northeast of Al Jissah.

</doc>
<doc id="31079144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079144" title="Ash Shufayyah">
Ash Shufayyah

Ash Shufayyah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079146" title="Asira, Saudi Arabia">
Asira, Saudi Arabia

Asira is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079151" title="Baq`a'">
Baq`a'

Baq`a' is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079156" title="Barka, Saudi Arabia">
Barka, Saudi Arabia

Barka is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079157" title="Mathias Wittek">
Mathias Wittek

Mathias Wittek (born 30 March 1989) is a German footballer who plays for 1. FC Heidenheim.

</doc>
<doc id="31079159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079159" title="Bartiyah">
Bartiyah

Bartiyah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079160" title="Bi'r al Mashi">
Bi'r al Mashi

Bi'r al Mashi is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079161" title="Birkah">
Birkah

Birkah is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31079162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31079162" title="Far`">
Far`

Far` is a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
