<doc id="31066088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066088" title="Duketon, Western Australia">
Duketon, Western Australia

Duketon is an abandoned town in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia, located north of Leonora. The town boomed during the early 1900s as a result of gold being discovered in the area. One of the larger mines in the area "The Golden Spinifex" built a five head stamp mill in 1902-1903. A petition for the government to construct a state battery was presented to the minister for mines by the local MLA signed by 58 leaseholders, prospectors and miners from Duketon.
The battery was built in 1904 and operated near the town. By 1905 the town had a hotel, bakery, a bank branch along with a variety of other stores.

</doc>
<doc id="31066092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066092" title="Beacon Corner, Alberta">
Beacon Corner, Alberta

Beacon Corner is an unincorporated area in central Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Bonnyville No. 87. It is located along Alberta Highway 28.

</doc>
<doc id="31066096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066096" title="Beaver River, Alberta">
Beaver River, Alberta

Beaver River is an unincorporated area in central Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Bonnyville No. 87. It is named after the Beaver River that flows from Alberta to Saskatchewan.

</doc>
<doc id="31066097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066097" title="Essam Sharaf">
Essam Sharaf

Essam Abdel-Aziz Sharaf (, ; born 1952) is an Egyptian academic who was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 3 March 2011 to 21 November 2011. He served as minister of transportation from 2004 to 2005.
Early life and education.
Sharaf was born in Giza in 1952. After receiving his B.Sc. in civil engineering from Cairo University in 1975, he went to Purdue University where he continued his studies, receiving his M.Sc. Eng in 1980 and his Ph.D. in 1984.
Career.
Sharaf took a post as a visiting assistant professor at Purdue in 1984 before becoming assistant professor of highway and traffic engineering at Cairo University the following year. In 1990, he was an assistant professor of civil engineering at King Saud University in Saudi Arabia. He returned to Cairo University in 1991, becoming a professor of highway engineering in 1996 while working as senior advisor for the transportation and aviation department in Zuhair Fayez Partnership (ZFP) in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Sharaf was the senior advisor to the Egyptian minister of transport in 1999 and the senior technical advisor to the municipality of Al Ain in the UAE in 2003.
He joined the National Democratic Party and became a member of its policy secretariat. He served as Egyptian minister of transportation from 13 July 2004 to 31 December 2005. He resigned due to differences that cropped up between him and Prime Minister Ahmed Nazif. Nazif decided to put the Egypt Engineers Association under state control, a move that meant confiscation of union funds and property by the government. Sharaf later claimed that these events led to the Qalyoub rail accident in 2006.
Following his resignation, Sharaf returned to academia, accepting a post at Cairo University, where he remained a vocal critic of the Mubarak regime, particularly with respect to its handling of Egypt's public transportation infrastructure. During this time he also served as an advisor to Dubai's Roads and Transport Authority, and established the Egypt Scientific Society together with Mohamed ElBaradei, Ahmed Zewail and other Egyptian scientists.
2011 events.
Sharaf was present and active at the Tahrir square protests during the 2011 Revolution, which endeared him to the leaders of the democracy movement and led them to suggest his name to the Military Council as a possible replacement for Prime Minister Ahmed Shafik.
He was asked by Egypt's governing military council to form a government on 3 March 2011, following Shafik's resignation. On 4 March, he addressed crowds of pro-democracy activists at Tahrir Square shortly after Friday prayers, an unusual move for an Egyptian politician. Sharaf appeared on stage with Mohamed Beltagy, a Muslim Brotherhood leader. In his speech he said "I draw my legitimacy from you" and reiterated his commitment to democratic transition, but pleaded for patience. It is noted that he is the first Egyptian prime minister to give a monthly State-of-the-Union address (since Aziz Sedki 1972-1973).
Premiership.
Sharaf was appointed prime minister on 3 March 2011, being the first post-revolution premier of Egypt and replaced Ahmad Shafiq in the poat. Although Sharaf was suggested for the premiership by the crowds in Tahrir square, by the end of his term it was largely viewed as anti-revolutionary. During the first couple of months, he removed some very unpopular members of his cabinet, including Foreign Minister Ahmed AbulGheit, dissolved the unpopular and corrupt local and municipal councils, and enacted a series of decisions and policies that were met with fanfare. Even on the personal level, he was a media and street darling. He was even pictured with Egyptians eating the cheap Egyptian national dish "Fuul" (fava beans) in a simple restaurant with his family, his son paid a traffic ticket rather than evading it as he could have, and other similar stories of a simple and humble demeanor flooded the social networks and street talk. He was later blamed for failure to properly address a number of incidents that are crucial to national security such as the worsening security issues, reforming the security apparatus, sectarian violence, solving workers' pay grievances or reforming corrupt national media. His government had mandated a number of laws that were controversial, such as Anti-assembly and Anti-strike laws.
Cabinet.
During the first formation of the cabinet, he removed some very unpopular members of his cabinet, including Foreign Minister Ahmed AbulGheit, inducted many of figures who were traditionally in the opposition during the Mubarak Era, such as minister of tourism Mounir Fakhry Abdel Nour and minister of Social Solidarity and Justice, Gouda Abdel Khalek but retaining many ministers of the last cabinet such as Hassan Younes, minister of Electricity and Power, Fayza AboulNaga, Minister of Planning and International Cooperation.
Under the pressure of sit-ins in Tahrir Square calling for speedier reforms, he was forced to shuffle his cabinet accepting as many as four resignation from ministers associated with the pre-revolution era, including his deputy renowned lawmaker, Yehia El-Gamal. Sharaf appointed veteran economist Hazem Beblawi and Ali El Selmy, a leader of the liberal Wafd party, as deputy prime ministers on 17 July 2011. Beblawi, a former undersecretary of the UN's Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia, was assigned the economic policy in the new cabinet, while El Selmy was assigned the country's "democratic transition".
Executive power struggle.
As time progressed, it became apparent that full power resides in the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF). It had always been the head of state who controlled Egyptian politics, rather than the head of government. Sharaf's cabinet was laden with remnants of the Mubarak era, ministers he was still incapable of moving without SCAF support. 
As the transitional period appeared to expand, the demands became even more aggressive and he was accused from not doing enough to being inactive and complacent and even to the point of being anti-revolution. The transitional government and the SCAF were neither intended as a true wide-scale legislative body, nor was it imbued with the popular mandate to enact macroeconomic and major political "decisions" and "policy making," beyond the deconstruction of the Mubarak state, managing the country during the transition while restoring security on the streets, and working on establishing the constitution and/or government that would lead Egypt into its Second Republic. But instead, Sharaf and SCAF engaged in debates and policy-making on far-reaching matters such as the minimum wage, progressive taxation and even recently somewhat discussing the terms of Camp David Accords, not with the acceptable purpose of stimulating discussion for future governments, but for the actual sake of immediate legislating. Additionally, as reports came out that the SCAF had refused the resignation of unpopular ministers in the cabinet, including Sharaf himself as many as three times, Sharaf's leadership was largely viewed as a cabinet with a ceremonial role, acting solely on SCAF's mandates rather than having any true independent executive power.
Policy reform.
Security reform.
Sharaf's greatest problem appeared to be reforming the country's security apparatus, which appeared to be more complex of a task that will require more time than what was demanded by the people. Although, he removed as many as 300 high-ranking officers, his greatest challenge was to dismantle the notorious and deeply entrenched State Security apparatus. But activists later claimed that same tactics were used against them and claimed that the only change was its name to “National Security”.
Media reform.
Although initially abolishing the Ministry of Media in his first cabinet, he appointed a new minister, Ossama Heikal in his cabinet shuffle, with a role to reform and reorganize the corrupt and the largely controlled state-media. However, Ossama came under heavy fire from activists and private media for his not-so-different coverage of different issues including the deadly Maspiro Incident, an incident for which he later came under criminal investigation for instigating violence against the protesters as well as spreading false media reports.
Social reform.
During his tenure, the first trade union for farmers in Egypt was established and he participated in the formal opening of the first conference to be held in order to encourage farmers to join the union.
Financial reform.
During his term, The Cabinet approved the draft decree-law to open an additional appropriation in the State budget for the current financial year 2010/2011 is estimated ten billion pounds to face additional requirements to support the supply of goods. He issued a decree establishing a fund to finance factories suspended from work in order to prevent leakage of employment.
Ministry of Finance announced a tax reform package soon to support the wage policies and the reform of wage structure of the main priorities of the government in the current stage.
The Investment Authority launches a new package of concessions designed to encourage investors and attract new investments to Egypt during the coming period which was approved by the Prime Minister on the investment projects of the Egyptians working in Saudi Arabia.
Foreign affairs.
During his term, Sharaf created a new office: the deputy foreign minister for African affairs in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in order to support the political atmosphere in Egypt to expand cooperation with African countries in various fields in an attempt to cure problems and tension in the Egyptian-African relations. Sharaf visited Ethiopia which resulted in Ethiopia announcing "new page" with Egypt on the Nile to ask a different kind of dialogue and cooperation, away from the previous round, which saw a tension between the two countries on the rights and uses in the waters of the Nile. Sharaf visited Sudan and agreed during this visit that Sudan was to plant 100 thousand acres in the Sudan as a first stage up to one million acres, to achieve food security for both Egypt and Sudan.
Sectarian violence.
During his term, a number of sectarian incidents have flared up and he was largely seen as unable to act accordingly. A number of churches were burnt down, including a major incident in a Cairo neighborhood in May 2011, Imbaba over what was later revealed as the kidnapping of a Christian woman who had left her Christian husband and embraced Islam and married a Muslim man. It was told that she was held against her will and her Muslim husband had gathered a number of other men and went to the church demanding her release. The situation escalated into gunshots and later into the burning of the church.
During violence that erupted in October 2011 near the National TV Building, known as the Maspiro Incident, he failed to deal with the demonstrations that left at least 24 dead. Prior to the incident, there were protests in Cairo against an attack on a church in Aswan province a week earlier. It was later revealed by a member of his advisory committee who had resigned after the incident, that it was suggested to him to deal with the grievances put forward by Egyptian Copts as well as human rights and civil liberties activists to prevent escalation, which included sacking the Aswan governor, who commended the individuals who tore down the "illegal" church building as well as encouraging the attackers instead for calling for their trial. During the incident, the National TV was blamed to incite the public against the Coptic community even to the point of imploring “good” citizens to "save" the security forces against the violent “Coptic” demonstrators. The protest which began as a unity march by largely coptic protesters and some Muslims, turned into full scale riots.
Unamendable Constitution Articles Draft Law.
During the final two months of his term, he along with his deputy, Dr. Ali ElSelmy came under fire from almost all of the political forces due to a law draft that provides a framework for the much anticipated constitution, aiming at preserving civil liberties and a democratic form of government. The articles in the paper were to be binding in the drafting of the constitution as entrenched clauses, that cannot be amended. The drafted paper was controversial for two different sets of reasons for the different political parties; For the right-wing Islamist parties, they feared for relinquishing any control of the powers of the next parliament including full power for forming the drafting convention who will write up the constitution, in addition to giving the army the power to "preserve the country's form of democracy", which was too vague for the Islamist parties and appeared as opening the way for the power of the army to legally oust an elected parliament or government if its tendencies didn't meet the army's approval. As for the liberal and left-wing parties who were mostly content with the army's proposed new role, had other fears that the army is placing itself outside of the parliament's reach by giving itself full autonomy over the military budget, barring its military sales and deals from elected officials and even mandating the power of declaring war by the army's military council rather than the parliament.
A final decision on the drafted law is yet to be taken, as the political appear divided over their stances, and despite outcries, Dr ElSelmy has stated that the document remains on the table.
Revolution Victims Incident.
After a massive demonstration on 18 November 2011, in Tahrir Square by mostly Islamist parties in refusal for what's been known to the media as the "ElSelmy Document", families of those who died or injured in the course of violence of the police during the revolution decided to organize a sit-in in the square due to the lack of financial or moral support from the government provided to them. Some liberal and leftist movements have symbolically joined the sit-in. The following day, the security forces attacked the protesters in an attempt to break up the sit-in. News and Images circulating through the social media showed the police attempt to be excessively violent. As more and more activists joined the protesters, violence erupted once again in the square. For the following five days, the violence continued with images every day showing police shooting at protesters, usage of tear gas that had left at least 41 dead and as many as 1,000 injured with gunshot wounds or tear gas suffocation. Activists seemed surprised by the return of violence by the police forces and scores of citizens joined them in the streets by the images of the violence, which many have dubbed "The true second revolution".
During the outburst of the worst clashes violence since January, Sharaf again failed to address the problem directly and was unable to control or stop the aggression of security forces on the protesters. With the scores of dead and injured protesters, he along with the Minister of Interior appeared unable to diffuse the situation. In a weak attempt to calm the public, Sharaf turned to protesters asking them to leave the square to allow normality without addressing grievances that excessive force was used in breaking up the sit-in. With the inability to control the violence, the cabinet's failure to react and stop the violence by the police or convince the protesters to calm down. With the minister of interior, Mansour ElEssawi appearing on an interview on National Television saying that he'd relinquished control of the security forces to an army general for the last two days, and the ministry of culture, Emad Abu Ghazi resigning, it appeared that the cabinet was falling apart and this last outburst of violence was the final nail in Sharaf's premiership's coffin.
Resignation.
Unable to withstand the pressure, he submitted his resignation to SCAF on 21 November 2011, just 6 days ahead of the much anticipated Egyptian parliamentary election, 2011–2012. The resignation was accepted the next day but his cabinet continued in a caretaker capacity until his successor, later revealed as Kamal Ganzouri was to be named. Officially, his last day as Prime minister was on 2 December 2011, when Ganzouri's cabinet negotiations were concluded.
Political views.
Sharaf is noted for strongly opposing normalization of ties with Israel. He considers the resolution of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict to be a prerequisite to cooperation between the two states.

</doc>
<doc id="31066101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066101" title="Big Meadow, Alberta">
Big Meadow, Alberta

Big Meadow is an unincorporated area in central Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Bonnyville No. 87. It is located near the Alberta Highway 28.

</doc>
<doc id="31066111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066111" title="Durlingville, Alberta">
Durlingville, Alberta

Durlingville is an unincorporated area in central Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Bonnyville No. 87. It is located between Alberta Highway 28 and Alberta Highway 659.

</doc>
<doc id="31066115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066115" title="Tebenna silphiella">
Tebenna silphiella

The Rosinweed Moth ("Tebenna silphiella") is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from the central part of the United States, including Wisconsin, Illinois and Colorado. The habitat consists of prairies and meadows.
The forewings are brown in the basal third and in the terminal area. There is a prominent colored area in the distal third of the wing composed of small black, white, and brown bands. The subterminal line is white, curving basally before reaching the costa. The remainder of the wing is covered with whitish spots and several white scale patches. The hindwing is brownish-gray with a thick dark terminal line and a long dark fringe.
Adults are on wing from early to late May. There are two generations per year.
The larvae feed on "Silphium integrifolium". They skeletonize the leaves of their host plant, almost always on the top leaves (those at or near the apex). Full-grown larvae are about 12 mm long. Larvae have been recorded from May to June.

</doc>
<doc id="31066134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066134" title="Northern Peripheral Road">
Northern Peripheral Road

Northern Peripheral Road or commonly known as Dwarka Expressway is being developed under the public private partnership (PPP) model. This stretch will connect Dwarka with National Highway 8 at Kherki Dhaula and will pass Pataudi Road. The NPR stretch has been planned as an alternate link road between Delhi and Gurgaon, and is expected to ease the traffic situation on the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway. The road was to have provided connectivity to the much-touted Reliance-HSIIDC SEZ besides the Garhi Harsaru dry depot, but the Reliance SEZ has now been cancelled in the latest Masterplan 2031 of Gurgaon and the land allocated for residential, commercial & institutional projects.
Much like Delhi, Gurgaon too will have a BRT corridor to decongest traffic on the Northern Peripheral Road. In several sections, the NPR will have provisions for the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor to ensure smooth flow of buses. The road will be fully developed in March 2017, if pending litigations can be resolved.
Prices on Dwarka Expressway have soared from 3000 PSF for builder flats to 6000 PSF. DEW area was being contended as the highest rate of return giving area by Real Estate consultants, but now prices and transactions have stalled.
Dwarka Expressway Progress.
There is dispute on Dwarka Expressway and the case is under jurisdiction of respectable courts. The litigation has led to delays in the state government being able to commence work on approx 4 km of the 18 km stretch. "The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) had awarded the joint contract to build 14 km to JSR Construction Pvt Ltd and Indiabulls Construction Limited on April 1, 2011, and had set a deadline of March 31, 2012. The remaining four km is under litigation," the Hindustan Times reported. 
Builders like Navin Raheja of Raheja Developers Limited, and also Chairman of National Real Estate Development Council (NAREDCO) of India have blamed the govt for the delay saying, "The delay is a sign of negligence. The government is not ready to realize that thousands have invested their hard-earned money in the upcoming properties along the NPR and they do not know when this road will be completed.” Mr Navin Raheja is also the President of National Real Estate Development Council. On the other hand residents have blamed powerful builders like Navin Raheja for change in alignment of the Dwarka Expressway, which instead of going over the empty farmlands then held by builders like him was made to go over the habitated New Palam Vihar Colony now requiring the demolition of hundreds of homes. Now house owners are demanding that the alignment of Northern Peripheral Road be changed so that their houses can be saved. With this demand residents of New Palam Vihar Resident Welfare Association and Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon Councillor met the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) Administrator. The house owners claim that changing the alignment would save their houses. The HUDA Administrator visited the spot, along with other senior HUDA and town and country planning officials. After checking the situation on ground, he also gave instructions to carry out a fresh survey of the site and explore the possibility of changing alignment near New Palam Vihar. The new alignment would be planned in such a way that very few houses are affected in the colony.
Infrastructure.
After completion, Many project alongside the road will be a key changer for the india in all aspects. Some of this projects are gurgaon global city, gurgaon International Finance Tec-City, gurgaon SEZ land, gurgaon sport city, gurgaon fashion street (world largest fashion street), gurgaon tourism project and gurgaon sin palace(on the line of las vegas) etc.
This projects is conceptualized as "All of one in one city" Project in gurgaon. Which means All the flavor in one cake will be taste, seen and experienced by the world. The city will be a global financial hub, Information Technology services hub, international unique glogal city(a first of its kind in the World), sports hub(include football, cricket, basket ball etc and host various games like olmpics games, commonwealth games, Asian games, FIFA games, world cups, IPL etc ), cinema/movies hub(All international and national movies and shows like Oscar, academy Awards, Filmfare awards, iifa awards etc), Tourism hubs, Market hubs, Fashion Saga hubs(includes show like cannes, red carpet and host a competition like miss universe, miss world and miss india etc ), adventure hubs(Disneyland, amusement park, zoo, Jurassic park, natural park etc) etc are designed to beat the globally bench marked centers such as Shinjuku, Tokyo, Lujiazui, Shanghai, La Defense, Paris, London, New york, Australia, Singapore, Switzerland, las vegas etc.
Transportation.
Dwarka expressway aims at providing transportation network which ensures accessibility, easy & fast mobility and zero road accidental deaths. This would be achieved by:
1. Using a multimodal mix of Transport systems (MRTS/LRTS/BRTS, etc.) for both inter region (Delhi-ncr, the City and India) and intra-city.
2. Using walk-to-work concept as part of urban planning.
3. Use of electric personal rapid transit systems within the City.
4. Gurgaon have its own rapid metro system and it will be extended throughout the city along with the expressway, as well as it also connect the upcoming delhi metro line on dwarka expressway, delhi IGI airport, manesar, pataudi road, farrukh nagar, old and new gurgaon.
5. Dwarka expressway will be linked with Delhi-gurgaon BRTS, delhi metro line, upcoming gurgaon railway terminal station etc
6. Indian Railways railway lines passes the city and the station is Gurgaon railway station. But Soon the new terminal station is built to deliver the best railway system across the world in india. The new Gurgaon raiway terminal station will be built near to the dwarka expessway to connect all the major and small city of india, villages etc from this city. This terminal will be the longest and largest terminal in the world as well as this terminal is a headquarter of golden quadrilateral railway service(connecting metropolitan cities like delhi, mumbai, kolkata, chennai etc in india) and high speed railway network in india. It comprises all the basic to the standard amenities like shopping, retailing, wi-fi, waiting hall, metro connectivity etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31066154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066154" title="Graeme Friedman">
Graeme Friedman

Graeme Friedman is a clinical psychologist and an award-winning writer whose short stories have appeared in anthologies published internationally. His book "The Fossil Artist" (Jacana, 2010), a novel about crime, authenticity, what it means to be human and how we come to love, was shortlisted for the Commonwealth Writers' Prize (Best First Book).
He is also the author of the critically acclaimed "The Piano War" (David Philip, 2003), an unbelievable yet true story of love and survival set against the horrors of World War II, and of "Madiba’s Boys", a non-fiction book on South African football, politics and history, published in South Africa (New Africa Books, 2001) and the United Kingdom (Comerford & Miller, 2001) with a foreword by Nelson Mandela. "Madiba’s Boys" was a Top Ten Sports Book in the United Kingdom.
Friedman has co-edited a collection of prose and poetry entitled "A Writer in Stone" (David Philip, 1998), and has written on the topics of torture and the political trial, based on his experience as a trauma counsellor and an expert witness for the defence - mostly ANC liberation fighters - during political trials of the apartheid era.
He has appeared at writers’ festivals and workshops in South Africa and, more recently, in Sydney, Australia, where he now lives with his wife and their three children.

</doc>
<doc id="31066197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066197" title="United States v. Warshak">
United States v. Warshak

United States v. Warshak is a criminal case decided by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit holding that government agents violated the defendant's Fourth Amendment rights by compelling his Internet Service Provider (ISP) to turn over his emails without first obtaining a search warrant based on probable cause. However, constitutional violation notwithstanding, the evidence obtained with these emails was admissible at trial because the government agents relied in good faith on the Stored Communications Act (SCA). The court further declared that the SCA is unconstitutional to the extent that it allows the government to obtain emails without a warrant.
This case is notable because it is the first court from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals to explicitly hold that there is a reasonable expectation of privacy in the content of e-mails stored on third party servers and that the content of these emails is subject to Fourth Amendment protection.
Background.
Facts.
Steven Warshak owned and operated Berkeley Premium Nutraceuticals, Inc. (Berkeley) which sold, among other products, an herbal supplement marketed as a pill for natural male enhancement, called Enzyte.
His mother, Harriet Warshak, worked at Berkeley with him in the credit card department.
In 2001, Berkeley launched Enzyte and by 2004, Berkeley's annual sales approached $250 million, in large part due to the success of Enzyte.
Enzyte was marketed extensively, and approximately 98% of the advertising was done on television featuring a character known as "Smilin' Bob."
In some advertisements, Berkeley presented false information. Phony surveys were presented as fact at Warshak's request, the customer satisfaction rating of 96% was fabricated according to Warshak's request, and even the medical professionals who Berkeley claimed developed Enzyte were fictitious.
Sales of Berkeley's products occurred via telephone, email, and the Internet. Over the phone, Berkeley's sales force followed a script approved by Warshak designed to try to slip pertinent information past the customer. In the script, customers signing-up for a free trial were informed that they were being enrolled in an "auto-ship" program which would charge their credit card at the end of the first prescription period and send them a refill for their current prescription. To end this auto-shipping, customers had to opt-out of the program. This program led to a large number of consumer complaints filed against Berkeley.
The auto-ship program and customers' dislike for this practice resulted in many orders being canceled. The canceled orders hurt Berkeley's reputation among banks and credit card companies who became reluctant to extend credit to Berkeley. To combat this, Warshak invented various ways of reducing the apparent percentage of refunded charges through questionable tactics. One tactic was to charge the customer's account multiple times for the same purchase, once for the purchase of the supplement and another time for shipping. Warshak referred to this as "double dinging". Later, he instituted the practice of "triple dinging" as well. Additionally, to secure other lines of credit, Warshak, along with his mother Harriet, provided false information to banks.
Much of the information about Warshak's questionable activities was contained in his email correspondence. In conjunction with a criminal investigation of Warshak and his questionable business practices, the government seized roughly 27,000 private emails from Warshak's ISP.
Procedural history.
On June 12, 2006, Warshak filed a claim against the United States seeking a declaratory judgment and injunctive relief. Warshak claimed that the compelled disclosure violated his Fourth Amendment rights. The district court filed a preliminary injunction which was affirmed by the Sixth Circuit, finding that Warshak had a privacy interest in the content of his emails.
However, that decision was reviewed by an en banc panel of the Sixth Circuit and vacated on ripeness grounds.
In September 2006, a grand jury in Ohio returned an indictment with more than 100 counts charging Warshak and his mother with various crimes including conspiracy to commit mail, wire, and bank fraud, mail fraud, bank fraud, and money laundering.
Warshak moved before trial to exclude emails obtained from his ISP; which the court denied.
In January 2008, the case went to trial. Six weeks later Warshak and his mother were convicted of a majority of the charges. Shortly thereafter, a jury found that certain assets were sufficiently related to the crimes such that Warshak was ordered to forfeit illegally obtained gains.
In August 2008, the defendants were sentenced. Warshak received a prison term of 25 years, ordered to pay a fine of $93,000 and to forfeit the sums of $459,540,000 and $44,876,781.68 which represented the proceeds of the crimes. Harriet was sentenced to 24 months imprisonment and to be jointly and severally liable with Warshak for the forfeiture amounts.
The defendants appealed their convictions, sentences, and forfeiture judgments resulting in the opinion discussed here.
Opinion of the court.
Holding.
The court held that government agents infringed upon Warshak's Fourth Amendment rights when they compelled his ISP to produce the content of his emails without first obtaining a warrant based on probable cause. As the government agents operated in good faith on provisions of the Stored Communications Act, the exclusionary rule was not applicable and reversal of Warshak's convictions was not warranted.
Stored Communications Act (SCA).
Under the SCA, agents of the government can request access to emails using an administrative subpoena or by obtaining a court order, depending on certain statutory classifications.
Government agents ordered Warshak's ISP to store emails citing 18 U.S.C. § 2703(f) as granting them that authority.
The government then ordered the ISP to turn over the content of Warshak's emails using a subpoena. Warshak was not informed that his ISP was archiving his email and he did not receive notice of the subpoena and order to his ISP until May 2006, nearly one year after the government served the subpoena.
Fourth Amendment.
As stated by the United States Supreme Court, the purpose of the Fourth Amendment is "to safeguard the privacy and security of individuals against arbitrary invasions by government officials."
To fall under the protection of the Fourth Amendment, the invasion by government officials must arise to the level of a search, which occurs when the government infringes upon "an expectation of privacy that society is prepared to consider reasonable."
Thus, there is a two-part inquiry to decide if an invasion by the government qualifies as an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment:
Analyzing the first prong of the two-part inquiry using the facts of the case, the Sixth Circuit found that Warshak manifested a subjective expectation of privacy in the content of his emails. The court reasoned that: "iven the often sensitive and sometimes damning substance of his emails, we think it highly unlikely that Warshak expected them to be made public, for people seldom unfurl their dirty laundry in plain view."
The court then proceeded to the second prong of the inquiry, whether society is willing to accept Warshak's expectation of privacy as reasonable. The court stated that the question is of grave importance because email communication has assumed a prominent role in today's society. Moreover, the Fourth Amendment must not fall behind technological advances or it will "wither and die."
The court began by discussing traditional forms of communication such as letters and telephone calls. Each enjoys Fourth Amendment protection. This protection does not disappear even though intermediaries, such as the post office or a telephone company, are capable of accessing the content of communication. The court then stated that communication via email is akin to communication via letters and telephone calls because email is pervasive and can be personal. Furthermore, the court declared it would be incongruous to treat email, letters, and telephone calls differently because of the method of delivery. "It follows that email requires strong protection under the Fourth Amendment; otherwise, the Fourth Amendment would prove an ineffective guardian of private communication, an essential purpose it has long been recognized to serve."
Analogizing email to letters and telephone calls, the court declared that an ISP is the functional equivalent of the post office or telephone company. The government cannot compel them to turn over the content of communications absent a warrant based on probable cause. "It only stands to reason that, if government agents compel an ISP to surrender the contents of a subscriber’s emails, those agents have thereby conducted a Fourth Amendment search, which necessitates compliance with the warrant requirement absent some exception."
The threat of possible access by an ISP to the content of a subscriber's email does not defeat this reasonable expectation of privacy, the court continued. Both the post office and telephone companies have the ability to access and the right to access, under certain conditions, the contents of a communication, yet these facts do not eliminate Fourth Amendment protection. There may be some cases where the subscriber agreement may be broad enough to defeat a reasonable expectation of privacy in the content of a subscriber's email, but the court held that this was not such a situation.
Finally, the court distinguished "United States v. Miller" which involved business records voluntarily given to a bank. Where "Miller" involved simple business records, the emails at issue here are personal and confidential and concern a wide variety of topics. Where the information in "Miller" was used in the ordinary course of business of the bank, the ISP here was an intermediary, not the intended recipient.
The court concluded that a subscriber enjoys a reasonable expectation of privacy in the contents of emails sent or received through, or stored with, a commercial ISP. Therefore, the government violated Warshak's Fourth Amendment rights when they obtained the contents of his emails. The court went on to declare: "to the extent that the SCA purports to permit the government to obtain such emails warrantlessly, the SCA is unconstitutional."
However, even though the government violated Warshak's Fourth Amendment rights, the illegally obtained emails were not subject to exclusionary rules of evidence because the agents of the government relied in good faith on the SCA.
"Consequently, we find that, although the government violated the Fourth Amendment, the exclusionary rule does not apply, as the government relied in good faith on U.S.C. § 2703(b) and § 2703(d) to access the contents of Warshak's emails."
The court held that the primary reason the exclusionary rule did not apply is because the deterrence rationale is lacking, quoting a prior decision, the court stated that "...where an officer acts in objectively reasonable reliance upon a statute that is later found unconstitutional, exclusion of the evidence would not deter future police misconduct."
Other issues.
Additionally, the court sustained the convictions for conspiracy to commit mail, wire, and bank fraud, along with the convictions for mail fraud, bank fraud, and money laundering because the evidence was sufficient to support them. However, Warshak's sentence was vacated and remanded to the lower court because the court's previous ruling lacked an adequate explanation of losses to justify the sentence.
Result.
The Sixth Circuit held that the government violated Steven Warshak's Fourth Amendment rights when it compelled his ISP to turn over the contents of his email without a warrant based on probable cause. However, the emails were not excluded from evidence because the government agents relied in good faith on the provisions of the SCA. As a result, the Sixth Circuit:
Concurring opinion.
The concurring opinion addressed the use of the SCA by the government to request that Warshak's ISP retain emails it would have otherwise deleted. Section 2703(f) of the SCA, according to Judge Keith, should have no prospective effect.
The government's request that the ISP preserve Warshak's stored and future email communications without notifying Warshak is analogous to tapping his telephone line without a warrant. This type of action would not survive a challenge under the Fourth Amendment: "The government cannot use email collection as a means to monitor citizens without a warrant than they can tap a telephone line to monitor citizens without a warrant."
However, because Judge Keith's interpretation of § 2703(f) did not affect the outcome of the case, he concurred in the result.

</doc>
<doc id="31066201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066201" title="List of library associations in India">
List of library associations in India

Library Associations in India

</doc>
<doc id="31066206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066206" title="Tsugaea">
Tsugaea

Tryphera is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31066219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066219" title="Tebenna piperella">
Tebenna piperella

Tebenna piperella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from northern North America, including British Columbia and Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31066221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066221" title="Uberaba Airport">
Uberaba Airport

Uberaba–Mário de Almeida Franco Airport is the airport serving Uberaba, Brazil.
It is operated by Infraero.
History.
Uberaba–Mário de Almeida Franco Airport was founded on May 23, 1935 and originally called after Alberto Santos-Dumont. On June 13, 1980 the name was changed to Mário de Almeida Franco.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Uberaba.

</doc>
<doc id="31066240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066240" title="Library Networks in India">
Library Networks in India

Library Networks in India are

</doc>
<doc id="31066252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066252" title="Pre-Life Crisis">
Pre-Life Crisis

Pre-Life Crisis is the debut album by American rapper and record producer Count Bass D.

</doc>
<doc id="31066255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066255" title="Trönö IK">
Trönö IK

Trönö IK is a Swedish football club located in Trönödal in Hälsingland.
Background.
Since their foundation Trönö IK has participated mainly in the middle and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 3 Södra Norrland which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Trönö IP in Trönödal.
Trönö IK are affiliated to Hälsinglands Fotbollförbund.
Recent History.
In recent seasons Trönö IK have competed in the following divisions:
2011 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2010 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2009 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2008 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2007 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2006 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2005 - Division V, Hälsingland
2004 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2003 - Division V, Hälsingland
2002 - Division V, Hälsingland
2001 - Division V, Hälsingland
2000 - Division V Hälsingland
1999 - Division V Hälsingland
Current Squad for the 2011 Season.
</table> 
 
Attendances.
In recent seasons Trönö IK have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="31066257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066257" title="Libraries and Information Centres in India">
Libraries and Information Centres in India

Libraries and Information Centres in India

</doc>
<doc id="31066258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066258" title="Holly Hill (author)">
Holly Hill (author)

Holly Hill is the Australian bestselling author of "Sugarbabe" and "Toyboy", memoirs originally published by Random House Australia in 2007 and 2008. "Sugarbabe" was later published in New York 2010 by Skyhorse Publishing generating a media storm, including guest appearances on CNN, Larry King, Dr Phil, 60 Minutes and Playboy Radio. 
Hill was born in 1966 in Canberra, Australia. She went to public schools and started out as a cadet journalist with the "Port Macquarie News". She later went to the University of Southern Queensland in Toowoomba and graduated in 1990 with an Arts degree in Human Behaviour.
Hill moved to Sydney and was the state coordinator of the Schizophrenia Fellowship of NSW before stepping sideways into public relations at the University of Sydney and Australian Financial Markets Association, before returning to Port Macquarie in 1998 as a Public Relations Manager for Country Energy.
Her father, Geoffrey William Hill, 64, was killed in his Gold Coast home in January 1999 by his estranged wife, Erlinda Rosal Hill, 52, of Surfers Paradise. She was found guilty of manslaughter on 29 May 2001 of what she claimed to be a planned double suicide. 
Hill shattered her right leg and ankle in a skydiving accident on 23 December 2000 and fought much of her father’s case from her hospital bed. She spent two years on crutches and gained employment in May 2003 with her rehabilitator, CRS Australia. She worked with a variety of clients suffering physical and mental injuries and transferred to Blacktown CRS in Sydney’s western suburbs in June 2005. She quit work in December of the same year at the behest of her wealthy lover, ‘John’ and the ensuing events are detailed in her memoirs, "Sugarbabe" and "Toyboy".
Hill’s term, ‘negotiated infidelity’ sparked passionate debate on talkback radio and chatrooms, with thousands of comments by enraged monogamists and supporters alike. However, in April 2012 Holly retracted her notion of "negotiated infidelity", saying it emasculates men and makes women feel insecure.
Hill and her then partner, Charles Philip Dean, conducted a four year ‘road test’ of the lifestyle as research for her third memoir, The Velvet Pouch (HarperCollins April 2013) and Hill now says any infidelity must be the “exception and not the rule” and she has reversed the notion, calling it negotiated FIDELITY instead.
She states: “Whilst we know that monogamy hasn't worked for at least fifty percent of couples and has been scientifically discredited in books such as ‘Sex at Dawn’, it must still remain as a collaborative option in our relationship repertoire. Negotiated fidelity is about defining a couple's unique sexual boundaries for their ongoing relationship and is part of the notion of having UNCONDITIONED LOVE. Unlike traditional concepts of human love, unconditioned love also recognizes our hardwired aspects, such as chemistry, pathology, gender differences, sexuality, inherited fetishes and hormones."

</doc>
<doc id="31066264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066264" title="List of Speakers of the Seimas">
List of Speakers of the Seimas

Speakers of the Seimas () is the presiding officer of Seimas, parliament of Lithuania. The speaker and deputy speakers are elected by members of the Seimas during the session.

</doc>
<doc id="31066266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066266" title="Moosy River">
Moosy River

The Moosy River (also known as the Musi River)() is a minor water body in the district of Prakasam.
The river Moosy rises near Dokkalasala in the Veligondas. It flows first east and 
then south through Markapur, Darsi, Northern border of Podili, Kondepi, Koru Uppalapadu, Tangutur and Kothapatnam Mandals falls into the Bay of Bengal near Madanur of Kothapatnam Mandal. 
Its tributaries are the Gajjaleru, Dondaleru and Atleru. It feeds tanks of Podili and Konakanamitla Mandals.

</doc>
<doc id="31066277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066277" title="Tebenna immutabilis">
Tebenna immutabilis

Tebenna immutabilis is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from North America, including California.
The wingspan is 15–17 mm. Head and thorax brownish, the latter marked with three longitudinal metallic lines. The forewings are broad. The basal fourth is brownish ocherous. The outer margin of the ocherous area is nearly straight and farther from the base on the costa. There are pinkish or bluish metallic subcostal and median longitudinal streaks. The outher three-fourths of the wing is uniformly clother with broadly white-tipped dark brownish fuscous scales. Sometimes, there is a faint golden tinge on the middle costa region. The outer half of the wing is marked with patches of metallic scales superimposed on velvety black, the most prominent being three in a row in the outer half of the wing. The smallest of these is located within the cell and there is a larger angulated patch at the end of the cell. The third is transverse and parallel to the termen. There is a curved metallic streak found at two-thirds of the costa. In the apical part of the wing, there are three more or less broken black streaks ending in metallic scales. The underside is gray, with a single white spot at two-thirds of the costa. The hindwings are uniform brownish gray above, the apex is broadly rounded and the termen is evenly rounded. There is a white costal spot and sometimes two white bands found on the underside. The underside of the body is whitish.

</doc>
<doc id="31066285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066285" title="Bankia (disambiguation)">
Bankia (disambiguation)

Bankia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31066305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066305" title="Robustness (evolution)">
Robustness (evolution)

Robustness of a biological system (also called biological or genetic robustness) is the persistence of a certain characteristic or trait in a system under perturbations or conditions of uncertainty. Robustness in development is known as canalization. According to the kind of perturbation involved, robustness can be classified as mutational, environmental, recombinational, or behavioral robustness "etc". Robustness is achieved through the combination of many genetic and molecular mechanisms and can evolve by either direct or indirect selection. Several model systems have been developed to experimentally study robustness and its evolutionary consequences.
Classification.
Mutational robustness.
Mutational robustness (also called mutation tolerance) describes the extent to which an organism’s phenotype remains constant in spite of mutation. Robustness can be empirically measured for several genomes and individual genes by inducing mutations and measuring what proportion of mutants retain the same phenotype, function or fitness. More generally this is known as the distribution of fitness effects of mutation (i.e. the frequencies of different fitnesses of mutants). Proteins so far investigated have shown a tolerance to mutations of roughly 66% (i.e. two thirds of mutations are neutral).
Conversely, measured mutational robustnesses of organisms vary widely. For example >95% of point mutations in "C. elegans" have no detectable effect and even 90% of single gene knockouts in E. coli are non-lethal. Viruses, however, only tolerate 20-40% of mutations and hence are much more sensitive to mutation.
Environmental robustness.
In varying environments, perfect adaptation to one condition may come at the expense of adaptation to another. Consequently, the total selection pressure on an organism is the average selection across all environments weighted by the percentage time spent in that environment. Variable environment can therefore select for environmental robustness where organisms can function across a wide range of conditions with little change in phenotype or fitness (biology). Some organisms show adaptations to tolerate large changes in temperature, water availability, salinity or food availability. Plants, in particular, are unable to move when the environment changes and so show a range of mechanisms for achieving environmental robustness. Similarly, this can be seen in proteins as tolerance to a wide range of solvents, ion concentrations or temperatures.
Genetic and molecular causes.
Genomes mutate by environmental damage and imperfect replication, yet they display remarkable tolerance. This comes from robustness both at the genome level and protein level.
Organism mutational robustness.
There are many mechanisms that provide genome robustness. For example, genetic redundancy reduces the effect of mutations in any one copy of a multi-copy gene. Additionally the flux through a metabolic pathway is typically limited by only a few of the steps, meaning that changes in function of many of the enzymes have little effect on fitness. Similarly metabolic networks haven multiple alternate pathways to produce many key metabolites.
Protein mutational robustness.
Protein mutation tolerance is the product of two main features: the structure of the genetic code and protein structural robustness. Proteins are resistant to mutations because many sequences can fold into highly similar structural folds. A protein adopts a limited ensemble of native conformations because those conformers have lower energy than unfolded and mis-folded states (ΔΔG of folding). This is achieved by a distributed, internal network of cooperative interactions (hydrophobic, polar and covalent). Protein structural robustness results from few single mutations being sufficiently disruptive to compromise function. Proteins have also evolved to avoid aggregation as partially folded proteins can combine to form large, repeating, insoluble protein fibrils and masses. There is evidence that proteins show negative design features to reduce the exposure of aggregation-prone beta-sheet motifs in their structures.
Additionally, there is some evidence that the genetic code itself may be optimised such that most point mutations lead to similar amino acids (conservative). Together these factors create a distribution of fitness effects of mutations that contains a high proportion of neutral and nearly-neutral mutations.
Evolutionary consequences.
Since organisms are constantly exposed to genetic and non-genetic perturbations, robustness is important to ensure the stability of phenotypes. Also, under mutation-selection balance, mutational robustness can allow cryptic genetic variation to accumulate in a population. While phenotypically neutral in a stable environment, these genetic differences can be revealed as trait differences in an environment-dependent manner (see evolutionary capacitance), thereby allowing for the expression of a greater number of heritable phenotypes in populations exposed to a variable environment.
Being robust may even be a favoured at the expense of total fitness as an evolutionarily stable strategy (also called survival of the flattest). A high but narrow peak of a fitness landscape confers high fitness but low robustness as most mutations lead to massive loss of fitness. High mutation rates may favour population of lower, but broader fitness peaks. More critical biological systems may also have greater selection for robustness as reductions in function are more damaging to fitness. Mutational robustness is thought to be one driver for theoretical viral quasispecies formation.
Emergent mutational robustness.
Natural selection can select directly or indirectly for robustness. When mutation rates are high and population sizes are large, populations are predicted to move to more densely connected regions of neutral network as less robust variants have fewer surviving mutant descendants. The conditions under which selection could act to directly increase mutational robustness in this way are restrictive, and therefore such selection is thought to be limited to only a few viruses and microbes having large population sizes and high mutation rates. Such emergent robustness has been observed in experimental evolution of cytochrome P450s and B-lactamase. Conversely, mutational robustness may evolve as a byproduct of natural selection for robustness to environmental perturbations.
Robustness and evolvability.
Mutational robustness has been thought have a negative impact on evolvability because it reduces the mutational accessibility of distinct heritable phenotypes for a single genotype and reduces selective differences within a genetically diverse population. Counter intuitively however, it has been hypothesized that phenotypic robustness towards mutations may actually increase the pace of heritable phenotypic adaptation when viewed over longer periods of time.
One hypothesis for how robustness promotes evolvability in asexual populations is that connected networks of fitness neutral genotypes result in mutational robustness and reduced accessibility of heritable phenotypes over short timescales. Over longer periods of time, genetic diversity spreads the population out over a larger area of genotype space, giving the population mutational access to a greater number of distinct heritable phenotypes that are reached from different points of the genetic neutral network. However, this mechanism may be limited to phenotypes dependent on a single genetic locus; for polygenic traits, genetic diversity in asexual populations does not significantly increase evolvability.
Another hypothesis for how robustness promotes the evolvability of proteins is that robustness takes the form of excess free energy of folding. Most mutations are destabilizing, and excess folding free energy allows them to be sufficiently tolerated for their phenotypic effects to become apparent.
In sexual populations, robustness leads to the accumulation of cryptic genetic variation with high evolutionary potential.
Evolvability may be high when robustness is reversible, with evolutionary capacitance allowing a switch between high robustness in most circumstances and low robustness at times of stress.
Methods and model systems.
There are many systems that have been used to study robustness. "In silico" models have been used to model RNA secondary structure, protein lattice models, or gene networks. Experimental systems for individual genes include enzyme activity of cytochrome P450, B-lactamase, RNA polymerase, and LacI have all been used. Whole organism robustness has been investigated in RNA virus fitness, bacterial chemotaxis, "Drosophila" fitness, segment polarity network, neurogenic network and bone morphogenetic protein gradient, "C. elegans" fitness and vulval development, and mammalian circadian clock.

</doc>
<doc id="31066312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066312" title="University of Brighton Students' Union">
University of Brighton Students' Union

University of Brighton Students' Union is the representative body for the students at the University of Brighton. It has over 21,500 members spread across several campuses in the towns of Brighton, Eastbourne and Hastings. Every student at the University is automatically a member of the SU unless they wish to opt out.
In 2010, the SU gained charitable status, allowing its operations to become more transparent and democratic.
Structure.
The SU is a charity and is headed up by 5 full time elected student officers who are primarily tasked with acting as the public face of the SU as well as overseeing its democratic structures and developing strategic 'Legacy' plans. The full-time officers are the primary political voice of the students within the union. They also form part of the 'Board of Trustees'. Other members of the Board of Trustees include 3 External and 3 Student Trustees. All Elected full-time officers are responsible for coordinating and communicating with the elected part-time student representatives relevant to their zones. All officers and representatives are elected via democratic vote.
The zones are:
A Chief Executive Officer (CEO) leads the operational side of the union and line manages the Senior Management Team. There are 7 senior managers; Finance, HR, Trading and Commercial, Marketing & Communications, Campus & Partnership, Academic Support and Student Experience. Each Manager is responsible for an area of operation and supported with staff in co-ordination and administrative roles. Each manager supports the Elected full-time and part-time Student Officers and Student Representatives in a matrix management structure which allows for greater focus on speciality areas.
Academic.
The Academic zone promotes campaigns on academic issues, involves course reps and school reps and the Students' Union Support Service (SUSS). SUSS is an independent service that offers advice, support and representation to any student on:
The Academic Zone of Brighton SU exists to make sure the views of students, specifically as learners, are actively listened to and acted upon to inform developments in the University and ensure the SU is working for students. There are regular academic forums throughout the year, to ensure that everyone has a voice and everyone’s needs are addressed. The Academic zone work with the Schools to provide training, support and resources for Course Reps.
Student representation on the Academic Zone Committee is via the Academic Reps. One student elected in the Spring elections from each school.
Activities and Events.
The activities and events zone covers four main areas; sports, societies, events and volunteering.
Its sub-committee Sports Federation (SportsFed) works with SportsBrighton to fund and organise Brighton Universities sports teams; Brighton Panthers
Its sub-committee Societies Federation (SocFed) provides funding, advice and guidance to the 40+ Societies at Brighton Uni, which includes Dance, Drama, Waves cheerleading, LGBT, Conservation, Food Co-op, Pharmacy, Asian and African Caribbean, as well as Bahai', Buddhist, Christian, Jewish and Muslim groups.
Some of the larger events that have run successfully include the Holly Ball, Freshers’ Week, RAG events, summer garden parties and the graduation ball.
Student representation on the Activities & Events Zone Committee is via the 3 Site entertainment Chairs (Brighton, Eastbourne & Hastings) elected in the Spring elections from each school, as well as the Chair of Sports Federation, and the Chair of Societies Federation; elected at their respective AGM in the Autumn term of each year.
Campus.
This zone looks after campuses, shops, cafes, student media and community liaison.
There is a shop on almost every university site, as well as the Union cafe (Cockcroft) and the Coffee and Juice Bar (Falmer). All proceeds from these facilities go back into student facing activities. 
Student representation on the Campus Zone Committee is via the Campus Reps (elected in Spring Elections) & Halls Reps (elected in the Autumn elections) from each Halls of residence, the 5 main university sites and the partner colleges.
The Communications element enables Student Media groups to operate and access the wider student audience. 
Wellbeing.
The Wellbeing Zone promotes students’ physical, emotional, spiritual and environmental Wellbeing through campaigns, events, and voluntary opportunities. Through working closely with the local Contraception and Sexual Health team, the wellbeing zone runs a variety of events that aim to promote sexual health among students.
Student representation on the Wellbeing Zone Committee is via the Wellbeing Campaigners. One student elected to represent each of the following 9 groups; Women, Disabilities, Ethnic Minorities, LGBTQ, Interfaith, Ethical/Environmental, Students with Dependents, Welfare (Health & Housing) and 1st Year students.
Bright N Green, a new innovative, student-led initiative, also falls under the wellbeing umbrella and places students at the heart of sustainability. The primary strands of the project consist of making student accommodation more sustainable, encouraging green transport, and increasing students' employability through green internships and team challenge events. Through Bright N Green, Brighton students are empowered to get involved as green champions for change, both at the University, and in their own communities. The programme also offers fun opportunities to meet other people, help the community, and learn new transferrable skills benefiting students after University.
Democracy.
The Students’ Union is a democratic organisation. Democracy in the Union means that the decisions made by the SU are based upon the wishes of its students. Students have the ultimate power to make decisions and choose other students to be their elected representatives. These officers are elected by cross campus secret ballot twice a year.
To ensure the smooth running of representation and providing services to over 22,000 students, we have various controls and checks in place to ensure things are done properly and legally. These systems are:
Union Council.
The Union Council of Representatives is the main representative and policy making body of BSU. It is also where the Zones report back and provide recommendations for full Council consideration. It is chaired by the Chair of Union Council, a part time officer elected in the Spring elections.
Union Council consists of the following 24 members;
Societies Federation.
The Societies Federation is the formal structure for all student formed societies and is responsible for an annual budget that is included in the block grant paid by the University of Brighton. The budget is allocated, to each society on a bid request basis, by the Societies Federation Committee. The SocFed Committee is elected at the SocFed AGM and is made up of a Chair and 5 committee members who are all members of society committees.
Sports Federation.
The Sports Federation is the formal structure for all student led sports teams that play at University level and is responsible for an annual budget that is included in the block grant paid by the University of Brighton. The budget is allocated, to each team on a bid request basis, by the Sports Federation Committee. The SportFed Committee is elected at the SportsFed AGM and is made up of a Chair and 5 committee members who are all members of Sports Team committees.
The University of Brighton South African Scholarship Fund.
The fund was set up in 1987/88 by the SU to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the death of Steve Biko, political activist and former leader of the South Africa Students’ Association, who died under the apartheid regime.
Purpose of the trust:
The trust receives almost all its income from donations. The university waives fees and accommodation costs. BrightonSU staff, officers and trustees give their own time freely to support the work of the scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="31066326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066326" title="Tebenna carduiella">
Tebenna carduiella

Tebenna carduiella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found from New Jersey to Florida and west to Texas.
The wingspan is about 13 mm.
The larvae feed on "Cirsium" species. They bore the stems of their host plant.

</doc>
<doc id="31066331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066331" title="SPCA Météore 63">
SPCA Météore 63

__NOTOC__
The SPCA Météore 63 (French for "Meteor") was a flying boat built in France in the 1920s for use as an airliner. It was the first product of the SPCA company, founded by Laurent-Dominique Santoni when he left CAMS in 1925. The Météore was a conventional biplane design for its day, with single-bay wings of unequal span braced with struts and wire. The lower wing was mounted to the top of the aircraft's hull, with trusswork above it that carried three engines mounted tractor-fashion in the interplane gap. The lower wing also carried outrigger pontoons near its tips. The empennage was of conventional design, with the stabilizer carried part-way up the fin. The flight deck was open but the separate cabin, with seating for six passengers, was fully enclosed within the hull and electrically heated. The structure was of timber throughout except for the struts that carried the engines, which were steel tube. The wings were covered in fabric.
In 1926, SPCA entered a Météore in a competition for transport seaplanes organised by the French Undersecretariat for Aeronautics, the "Grand Prix des Hydravions de Transport Multimoteurs" (Grand Prize of multi-engine transport seaplanes). Piloted by Ernest Burri, the Météore won first place and a FF 100,000 prize. It was also the first French transport seaplane to which Bureau Veritas awarded a first-class airworthiness certificate. The same year, Lignes Aériennes Latécoère trialled the type on a mail route between Marsailles and Algiers, the first trip taking place on 22 October. 
Because of the Météore's long range, Air Union Lignes d’Orient (AULO) ordered an example in January 1927. In October that year, Maurice Noguès flew it from Marsailles to Beirut but crashed and sank off Naples during the return journey. Nevertheless, AULO purchased a second example in May 1928, and with this aircraft inaugurated a regular service between the two cities on 6 June 1929. On 17 February 1931, the Météore also established the Paris–Saigon route for Air Orient, which had been formed by a merger of AULO and Air Asie the previous year. Over its lifespan, the Météore covered .

</doc>
<doc id="31066333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066333" title="Lisa Haydon">
Lisa Haydon

Elisabeth Marie Haydon, better known as Lisa Haydon (मराठी: लिसा हेडन) is an Indian model turned actress.
Early life.
Lisa Haydon was born as Elisabeth Marie Haydon on 17 June 1986 in Chennai, India to a Malayalee father and an Australian mother. Her sister is model Mallika Haydon. Lisa lived in Australia and United States before moving back to India in 2007 to pursue modelling.
Career.
Modelling.
Lisa wanted to be a yoga teacher at the age of 18. Studying psychology on the side, she took up her friends' suggestion of taking up modelling to earn money and pay for the classes and rent. She started modelling in Australia with her first assignment being for stretch mark cream. Encouraged by her sister's modelling acts in India, she moved to India in 2007 to pursue a modelling career there. In India, she has walked the ramp for Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week (WIFW) and HDIL-India Couture Week(HDIL-ICW). She is also the face of giant Lakmé. She has also featured in commercials for Hyundai i20, Indigo Nation, Myntra.com and Blender's Pride. In 2010, she did a commercial opposite Hrithik Roshan.
She has featured as cover girl for major fashion magazines like "Verve" (March 2008, January 2011), "Elle" (April 2009, May 2009, May 2010, April 2011), "Femina" (April 2009), "Harper's Bazaar" (January–February 2010), "FHM" (August 2010) and "Adorn" (November–December 2010).
As a model Lisa has been recognized for her impeccable style and persona. She has been the first and the obvious choice of almost all the major fashion awards in the country. She was named the best model and the most stylish persona in Cosmopolitan Fun and Fearless Awards 2009, DNA most stylish 2009, Marie Claire best model 2010.
Fashion designer.
Lisa collaborated with global lifestyle brand Sher Singh, to launch their first capsule collection inspired by her global style. On Tuesday, 14 Feb 2012, Sher Singh unveiled its spring collection online. Playful, in pastel, coral and tan, some of the dresses have lace embellishments and can be paired with boots and jackets. Explaining their choice of Lisa, Sunjay Guleria and Sonny Caberwal of Sher Singh reason that Lisa Haydon has a global fashion style with a distinct Indian identity. "Bohemian, jersey for comfort wear and structured cuts, I love it all," Lisa says. "My personal style is the way I'd put an outfit I love together".
The line will not have completely Indian pieces, but will borrow elements for Indian fashion through buttons, embroidery, colors, dyes and fabrics. This is the first time an Indian model and actor is designing her line internationally, along the lines of celebrities such as Kate Moss, Sarah Jessica-Parker and Jennifer Lopez.
Film.
She was spotted by Anil Kapoor in a coffee shop and soon her agent received a phone call for a role in the movie "Aisha". The movie was loosely based on the Jane Austen novel "Emma" and its Hollywood adaptation "Clueless", and she was offered to play role of Aarti Menon, a New-York returned, white-collared, corporate yuppie. After signing the movie, she went to New York City for three months to learn method acting and also received classes on diction in Mumbai.
In 2014, Haydon appeared in the coming-of-age dramedy "Queen" alongside Kangana Ranaut. She played Vijayalakshmi, a single mother who has a child out of wedlock. Haydon's performance was extensively praised by critics; Devesh Sharma wrote that she "gives a class act", whilst Rajeev Masand said that she "Lisa Haydon is a complete revelation in the role of Rani's bohemian Parisian pal, investing the character with both sultriness and genuine affection." The film earned unanimous critical acclaim and was also a box office hit. She is currently filming for "Shaukeen", a remake of the 1982 film of the same name.
Haydon is a trained Bharatnatyam dancer and has also trained with Shiamak Davar for five years.
Personal life.
Lisa has been dating business entrepreneur and DJ Karan "Third Eye" Bhojwani since 2005. The couple announced their engagement in early 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31066335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066335" title="Indian immigration to Mexico">
Indian immigration to Mexico

The small community of Indians in Mexico consists mainly of immigrants from India, along with their locally born descendants. According to the Indian Ministry of External Affairs, there are about 2,000 Indians living in Mexico as of March 2011.
Overview.
Most of the Indians in Mexico are recent arrivals in the country and almost all of them have settled in Mexico City. Mexico has a non-discriminatory policy with regard to the grant of its citizenship. The spouse of a Mexican national would generally not face any problem in acquiring local citizenship. Although a few of the NRIs have married Mexicans, they have retained their Indian citizenship.
The Indians in this country are mainly businessmen or professionals. Many of them work with one or other international organization or a multinational corporation. There are also some academicians and scientists among them. They have helped to bring about greater mutual understanding between India and their host country. Some of the Indians work for "ISPAT Mexicana" which is part of the Laxmi Mittal group, well known in this region for having turned around a sinking steel company in Trinidad. The Indian presence in Mexico has been greatly appreciated as fifty other business ventures have invested around US$1.58 billion in the country around 1994 to 2000.
Indian culture in Mexico.
The Indian community in Mexico has no divisive factions in it, although its constituents come from different parts of India. The main Indian community organisation is the Indian Women's Association of Mexico (IWAM)in Mexico City. It celebrates important festivals and organises cultural programmes. A Sai Baba temple, a Vaishnav temple, and a Gurudwara have also been constructed by Sangam Organisation in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="31066348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066348" title="Ray Donn">
Ray Donn

Ray Donn (7 August 1937, in Poplar, East London, England) is an English entrepreneur and businessman-turned-actor.
Raphael Siratsky (Ray Donn) born London's East End 7/8/1937 eldest of four children his single mother Rose Siratsky (aka Donn) 1906-1979 (Seamstress) born Wapping 26/10/1906.
Mothers parents, Israel (1878-1933) & Hilda Siratsky (1885-1950) Jewish/Polish emigrants (1905), they had 8 children (6 girls 2 boys) & settled in Upper North Street Poplar East London trading as a barber.
Businessman.
Donn began his professional life in 1961 and spent 36 years running pubs, clubs and hotels, such as the Pegasus from 1961 to 1968, the Goat from 1968 to 1970, the Valley Club from 1970 to 1984, and Syndale Park Motel from 1984 to 1997.
In addition, from 1970 to 1985, he directed Ray Donn (Leisure) Ltd. as an entertainment and management agency, booking artists for clubs, theatre and TV clients, with clients at the time including Jim Bowen and Bobby Davro.
From 1966-1980 he produced and directed the annual Publand Variety Show featuring the top performers from pub and club entertainment, presenting the show at major London theatres and concluding at the London Palladium. Proceeds from the shows going to the Entertainment Artistes' Benevolent Fund.
Service.
Donn served on the management committee of the Entertainment Artistes' Benevolent Fund for 35 years from 1974 to 2009.
The fund provides and maintains Brinsworth House as a residential home for retired members of the entertainment profession and/or their dependents. Brinsworth House is itself supported by income from the proceeds of the annual Royal Variety Performance and other fund-raising events. Donn has been presented to HM the Queen, HM the Queen Mother and HRH Prince Charles on numerous occasions in the capacity of Honorable Treasurer for the fund, a position he held for the 13 years from 1995 to 2008.
Ray Donn was initiated into Chelsea Lodge No.3098 on 19 September 1997, and installed as 100th Master, May 2004.
He was also a founder member and first secretary of the Comedians' Golfing Society from 1978–1984, and since 1997 has been Honorary Treasurer of the Vaudeville Golfing Society, a fraternity of professional entertainers.
2011 Hon.Member Concert Artistes Association
Acting.
Donn took early retirement from the trade in 1997 and began a new career as a film extra (or supporting artist). His first appearance was in the film "Notting Hill". Since then he has appeared in many films and television productions, as well as a David Suchet (Hercule Poirot) stunt double.
Partial filmography.
Donn has had a large number of uncredited roles in both film and episodic television. Credited roles include:
See also.
Charlton Athletic F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="31066364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066364" title="The Piano Teacher (Lee novel)">
The Piano Teacher (Lee novel)

The Piano Teacher is a 2009 novel by Janice Y. K. Lee about a love story set Hong Kong in the 1940s and 1950s. It is about a married woman who is hired by a rich family and having affair with a driver only discovered his past with former lover. The book became the bestseller in the world.
Plot.
The novel is set in 1950s' Hong Kong, still a British territory. Upon his arrival in Hong Kong, Will Truesdale meets Trudy Liang, a beautiful Eurasian socialite of Portuguese and Chinese descent. She and Will fall deeply in love, but are inevitably separated by World War II, and the invasion of the Japanese on Hong Kong. Will is sent to an internment camp while Trudy becomes both the tutor and unwilling mistress to the cruel Japanese General Otsubo, who rules Hong Kong. 
Ten years later Claire Pendelton, twenty-eight and newly married, moves from England to Hong Kong with her husband Martin. She is hired by the Chens, a wealthy Chinese family, to give piano lessons to their ten-year-old daughter Locket. Claire begins an affair with Will, a 43-year-old Englishman who is working as the Chens' driver, unaware of his tragic past or his former lover. The novel moves fluidly between the two love affairs that happen 10 years apart, tying together the social fabric that interweaves the lives of so many, and ultimately culminates in the revelations of war-time secrets and betrayals.

</doc>
<doc id="31066372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066372" title="Special Forces (2003 film)">
Special Forces (2003 film)

Special Forces is a 2003 American war film directed by Isaac Florentine and written by David N. White. The film stars Marshall R. Teague, Tim Abell and Danny Lee Clark.
Synopsis.
In the aftermath of the war in Bosnia, a Colonel convicted of war crimes has taken command of the military of the former Soviet republic of Muldonia.
In a Hezbollah terrorist camp,a US Army private is being held hostage. His interrogator decides to terrorise him with a revolver. Meanwhile, an elite Special Forces team infiltrates the camp to rescue him. Eventually, they're spotted, and are forced to open fire on the terrorists. The team rescues the private and flee in a boat back to friendly territory.

</doc>
<doc id="31066383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066383" title="NUS Press">
NUS Press

NUS Press is the academic press of the National University of Singapore. It is organized as a private limited company that is 100% owned by the University. 
History.
Prior to the independence of Singapore in 1965, the University of Malaya in Singapore (founded 1949) published books under the imprint of the University of Malaya Press. When the two divisions of the University of Malaya separated to become two universities, steps were taken to establish separate university presses. Thus the Singapore University Press was formally established in 1971. 
In 2002, then NUS President Professor Shih Choon Fong approved a new investment plan for the university press, a plan which would allow for a modest expansion of the Singapore University Press' output. This would require that the Press focus its efforts on Asia-related social science and humanities, with concentrations on Singapore, Southeast Asia and East Asia. Subsequently, Singapore University Press was succeeded by a new NUS Press in 2006, reflecting the name of its parent institution and to align the Press closer to the university's overall branding. 
Mission.
The mission of the NUS Press is to enable the dissemination and creation of knowledge through the publishing of scholarly and academic books; and to empower learning, innovation and enterprise for the Singapore- and Asia-focused global community, as a publisher of authoritative works for the trade and professional markets.

</doc>
<doc id="31066386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066386" title="Sayaji Rao Gaekwad Library, BHU">
Sayaji Rao Gaekwad Library, BHU

The Sayaji Rao Gaekwad Library, also known as the Central Library, is the main library of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh in India. Established in 1917, it is listed in the Survey of Manuscripts in India. The present building of the library was built in 1941 on pattern of British Museum, at the suggestion of Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya, the founder of university, after his return from the Round Table Conference, London in 1931, with a donation from the Sayajirao Gaekwad III, Maharaja of Baroda State from 1875 to 1939, known for establishing libraries throughout his state.
It is also a designated 'Manuscript Conservation Centre' (MCC) under the National Mission for Manuscripts established in 2003.
History.
The Banaras Hindu University Library system was established from a collection donated by Prof. P.K. Telang in the memory of his father Justice Kashinath Trimbak Telang in 1917. The collection was housed in the Telang Hall of the Central Hindu College, Kamachha. In 1921 the library was moved to the Central Hall of the Arts College (now Faculty of Arts) and then in 1941 to its present building. The library was established with the donation from Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III of Baroda, on the pattern of the library British Museum in London on the suggestion of Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya, the founder of university.
The library had a collection of around 60,000 volumes in 1931, through donations from various sources. The trend of donation of personal and family collection to the library continued as late as the 1940s with the result that it has unique pieces of rarities of books and journals dating back to 18th century; this includes donations of personal and family collections from Lala Sri Ram of Delhi, Jamnalal Bajaj of Wardha, Roormal Goenka, Batuk Nath Sharma, Tagore family collection, Jawaharlal Nehru>Nehru Family collection.
The Banaras Hindu University Library System consists of Central Library at apex and 3 Institute Libraries, 8 Faculty Libraries, 25 Departmental Libraries, with a total collection of over 13 lakh volumes to serve the students, faculty members, researchers, technical staff of fourteen faculties consisting of 126 subject departments of the university.
Around 2009, optical fibre networking was done at the library, and in May 2009, 32,913 books were made available in e-form, along with 2,107 journals accessed through internet. The work of digitization of manuscripts at the Central Library has been completed by May 2010, and they were also made available online thereafter. Later in the year in October, a two-day national seminar was held at the library on 'Right to Information (RTI) and Libraries'.
In October 2010, the library in association with the National Manuscripts Mission, New Delhi, held a national workshop on manuscript conservation at the library.

</doc>
<doc id="31066389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066389" title="Litobrenthia angustipunctata">
Litobrenthia angustipunctata

Litobrenthia angustipunctata is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from China (Hunan).
The wingspan is 10.5–11.0 mm. The head, thorax and tegula are olive. The forewings are broadly rounded triangular, dark olive with inconspicuous slender whitish transverse fascia at one-fifth length of the wing and a relatively large transversely elongate white discal spot. The distal one-sixth is darkened, diffused with eight small pink-violet metallic spots along the termen. There is a small white spot on the proximal limit of the darkened near half width of the wing. There are small clouds of bluish-metallic scales at the costal one-twentieth, one-fifth, two-fifths and four-fifths. The hindwings are dark, olive grey, with an indistinct whitish spot in proximal part and white submarginal striped and apical stripe-shaped patch with pink-metallic scales. The female differs externally from the male in absence of short cilia on the antennae.
Etymology.
The specific name is derived from the Latin prefix "angusti" (meaning narrow) and "punctatus" (meaning spot), in reference to the pattern of the forewing.

</doc>
<doc id="31066397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066397" title="Salih Saeed Ba-Amer">
Salih Saeed Ba-Amer

Salih Saeed Ba-Amer (born 1925) is a Yemeni short story writer. He was born in Hadhramaut province. His story "Dancing by the Light of the Moon" has been translated into English and was included in a 1988 anthology of modern Arabian literature (edited by Salma Khadra Jayyusi).

</doc>
<doc id="31066433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066433" title="Chinthamakulapalli">
Chinthamakulapalli

Chinthamakulapalli is a small, agricultural village in India.
Location.
Chinthamakulapalli is in the Polavaram panchayath, which is in the Puthalapattu mandal. This is part of the Chittoor district, which is in the Andhra Pradesh state.
Environment.
The area is surrounded by large tamarind trees (called "chinthamanu" in Telugu), and this became the root of the village's name. The population of the village is approximately 500. Most of the villagers are farmers, cultivating sugar cane and mango from nearby fields.

</doc>
<doc id="31066439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066439" title="Faroese newspapers">
Faroese newspapers

There are five news papers on the Faroe Islands, ranging from single single man publications about local news to widely distributed publications reporting on international events and business news.
Dimmalætting.
Dimmalætting (Faroese for "Dawn") is the oldest and largest newspaper of the Faroe Islands and is based in Tórshavn.
The first edition of the "Dimma", as it is commonly known, appeared (after a test issue on December 8, 1877) on January 5, 1878. Today it has a print run of 8,500 copies (in 1991 it was 13,300) and appears five days weekly. As an answer to competing papers, the Tuesday edition has been delivered free of charge to all households since April 5, 2005.
Since the founding of the Unionist Party in 1906, Dimma was the party paper, but it has since declared itself independent 1995. However, as of 2005, the chief has still been an automatic member of the Unionist party leadership.
The name "Dimmalætting" combines the word dimmi (darkness) and lætting, from the verb lætta (leave). Dimmið lættir means "it is becoming daytime", or literally, "the darkness is dwindling". The paper's name comes from Venceslaus Ulricus Hammershaimb, the very creator of the modern orthography of Faroese.
The Danish name for the paper was the "Amtstidene for Færøerne" (Official paper for the Faroese), and the Faroese name was printed in small letters. In its early years, the paper was only published in the Danish language. Then, from 1910 to 1947, it was printed in both languages, and in the years since 1947, Faroese has dominated.
Until 1911, when a Wednesday edition began, the paper only appeared on Saturdays. In the 1920s, the paper expanded to six pages from the previous four. After 1970, the page count rose to eight or more. A third edition was added, and from September 1996, it has appeared five times a week from Tuesday to Saturday. In November 2004, the days were changed to Monday to Friday. Since the middle of March 2005, it has appeared in a smaller format.
The newspaper went bankrupt and folded in October 2013.
Dimmalætting online 
Norðlýsið.
Norðlýsið is a Faroese newspaper, which has a mainly local northern focus on its news. 
Norðlýsið
Oyggjatíðindi.
Oyggjatíðindi is a Faroese newspaper. It is written mainly by one man – Dan Klein, a Faroese reporter.
Oyggjatíðindi Official Website
Sosialurin.
Sosialurin is a Faroese Newspaper, founded in 1927. Originally it was associated with the Social Democrats, but in 2006 the political party sold their part of the shares. The news paper in partnership with Føroya Tele, a Faroese telecom, operates the website Portal.fo
Sosialurin online 
Vikublaðið.
Vikublaðið is a free Faroese weekly newspaper. In a national survey, it came out as the most read newspaper on the islands.
[http://www.vikublad.fo/]
Vinnuvitan.
Vinnuvitan is the only newspaper on the Faroe Islands that deals with business issues exclusively. Vinnuvitan was first published in December 2004. It was originally published every other week, but since then the newspaper has grown in size and popularity and is now published every Thursday. In addition to the newspaper, Vinnuvitan is also a publishing house, releasing a minor number of books each year including Skipalistan and Okkara Sangbók.
Vinnuvitan is also the founder and organizer of the Faroese Advertising Awards (Kolan) that are held annually. Vinnuvitan was chosen Best Achievement of 2006 (Ársins Átak) by the Faroese House of Industry.

</doc>
<doc id="31066441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066441" title="Terence Bowes">
Terence Bowes

Terence "Terry" Bowes (born 17 August 1951) is a former Rhodesian sportsman who represented his country in both cricket and rugby union during the 1970s. 
Bowes, a flyhalf, was first capped for Rhodesia in 1970. A former Hamilton High School student, he played at club level for Old Miltonians. Off the field he worked for a Bulawayo steel company.
As a right-arm fast-medium bowler, Bowes was a good enough cricketer to appear in four first-class cricket matches for Rhodesia. Three of those were in the 1971/72 Currie Cup season and the other in 1974/75. His best performances came on debut, against Eastern Province, when he took 3-38 in the first innings, including the wickets of both openers.

</doc>
<doc id="31066442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066442" title="Gary Hustwit">
Gary Hustwit

Gary Hustwit is an independent filmmaker and photographer based in New York and London. He has produced and directed a number of documentaries including the 2007 film "Helvetica".
Work.
A former independent book publisher and Vice President of Salon.com, he is the founder, along with Sean Anderson, of Plexifilm, an independent DVD label and film production company. Hustwit is best known for his "Design Trilogy" which is composed of the documentaries "Helvetica", "Objectified" and "Urbanized". The trilogy deals with aspects of graphic design, typography, industrial design, architecture and urban planning. He said in an interview in "Dwell" magazine: "I like the idea of taking a closer look at the things we take for granted and changing the way people think about them, whether it’s type or objects or whatever".
He was nominated for the 2008 Independent Spirit "Truer Than Fiction" Award for "Helvetica".
Awards and nominations.
In 2008, Hustwit was nominated for the "Truer Than Fiction Award" at the Independent Spirit Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31066443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066443" title="Pondage">
Pondage

Pondage usually refers to the comparably small water storage behind the weir of a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power plant. Such a power plant has considerably less storage than the reservoirs of large dams and conventional hydroelectric stations which can store water for long periods such as a dry season or year. With pondage, water is usually stored during periods of low electricity demand and days when the power plant is inactive, enabling its use as a peaking power plant in dry seasons and a base load power plant during wet seasons. Ample pondage allows a power plant meet hourly load fluctuations for a period of a week or more.
Calculation.
Because of the possibility of limited pondage, calculating its effect on power generation is important in determining how often the plant can be operated. The "pondage factor" is a rough index of the amount pondage needed when the stream flow is constant and the plant is operational during specific periods. It is calculated by the ratio of total inflow hours per week to the hours the power plant will be operated in that same period. For example, if a river has an inflow for seven days a week and the plant operates for five of those days for eight hours:
24-hour inflows and plant operation would have a pondage factor of one. 
If power is used for twelve hours per day and during the inactive hours, relatively all inflows can be stored, then power can be doubled during active hours. In 12 hours there are 43,200 seconds and in there are . This gives an estimation and guide that for twelve hours of pondage, there must be as much storage available in the pond as cubic feet per section received.

</doc>
<doc id="31066447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066447" title="Commodore 64 joystick adapters">
Commodore 64 joystick adapters

Commodore 64 joystick adapters are hardware peripherals that extend the number of joystick ports on the Commodore 64 computer. The additional joysticks can be used on games with dedicated support for the specific adapter.
A few different joystick adapters have been constructed for use with the C64. The "Classical Games" / "Protovision" adapter is by far supported by the largest number of games. It is also the only adapter presently available commercially, but building instructions are available for most of the adapters. The adapters are also emulated in some C64 emulators.
Adapters.
Starbyte adapter (1990).
Supports 2 additional joysticks at the userport. Released by "Starbyte Software" in 1990 for use with their game "Adidas Championship Tie Break". At the time sold separately under the name "Tie Break Adaptor".
Building instructions (plugs and wires only) have been reverse engineered and made available by Groepaz/Hitmen.
Kingsoft adapter (1992).
Supports 2 additional joysticks at the userport. Introduced with the game "Bug Bomber" by "Kingsoft" in 1992. The game came with instructions to build your own 4-player adapter.
Building instructions (plugs and wires only) have been reverse engineered and made available by Groepaz/Hitmen.
Protovision 4 player interface / Classical Games adapter (1997).
Supports 2 additional joysticks at the userport. Designed by "Chester Kollschen" ("CKX") of "Classical Games" and released in 1997 with the game "Bomb Mania". Kollschen later joined "Protovision" and the adapter is now available as the "Protovision 4 player interface".
Building instructions (plugs, wires and an IC), sample code, shop and list of supported games are available at the Protovision website.
Space Balls adapter (1998).
Supports 8 joysticks, all connected to the user port and one joyport. Designed by "Luigi Pantarotto" and released with the game "Space Balls" (1998) for 2-8 players.
Building instructions (plugs and wires only) is provided with the game "Space Balls" (called "Star Balls" in its schematics page).
Ninjas SNES pad adapter (1998).
Supports 8 SNES pads at the joyports. Designed by "Ninja" of "The Dreams".
Building instructions (plugs and wires only) are available at the "Hitmen 4 player adapter" website. Code interface is demonstrated in the "SNES-Pad-Tooldisk #1".
Digital Excess & Hitmen 4 player joystick adapter (1999).
Supports 2 additional joysticks at the userport. Designed by "Groepaz" of "Hitmen" and "Thomas Koncina" and "Bjoern Odendahl" of "Digital Excess" in 1999 as an easier to build alternative to the "Classical Games" adapter. 
Building instructions (plugs and wires only) and sample code is available at the "Hitmen 4 player adapter" website.
Related.
Adapters for a few related computers can also be used with the C64. Those adapters include "PET" (normally only used on the PET/CBM2), "Hummer" (normally only used on the C64DTV) and "OEM" (normally only used on the VIC20). There are probably no game supporting those adapters on the C64.
Emulation.
The C64 emulator VICE supports the "Classical Games / Protovision" and the "Digital Excess & Hitmen" adapters from version 2.3., and the "Kingsoft" and "Starbyte" adapters from version 2.4.
Supported games.
A (near) complete list of games with original or added support for the various adapters.
Adapter:
"S = Starbyte, C = Protovision / Classical Games, D = Digital Excess & Hitmen, N = Ninjas SNES pad, K = Kingsoft, B = Space Balls"
Description:
"original/clone = new implementation, patch = patch for existing game, hack = unautorized release based on existing game."
Interface origin:
"Publisher or official source of joystick adapter support. In order to use hacked versions legally, you should own the original game."

</doc>
<doc id="31066465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066465" title="Al-Qarshi Abd ur-Raheem Salaam">
Al-Qarshi Abd ur-Raheem Salaam

Al-Qarshi Abd ur-Raheem Salaam is a Yemeni poet and playwright. He was one of the early proponents of the modern prose poem in Yemeni literature. He also wrote plays, among which are "Salaat at-Turaab" (The Soil Prayer) and "Ma’ish-Shams Yaji’oun (They Came with the Sun)".

</doc>
<doc id="31066472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066472" title="Choreutis cunuligera">
Choreutis cunuligera

Choreutis cunuligera is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from China (Guizhou, Zhejiang) and Japan (Honsyu).
The wingspan is about 12 mm for males and 11 mm for females. The head is fuscous mixed with yellowish. The thorax is greyish-fuscous with a purple gloss, an ochreous anterior and a broader subapical band. The abdomen fuscous, although the posterior halves of the segments are ochreous. The forewings are ovate-triangular and greyish-fuscous, with a purple gloss. The markings are ochreous, gently becoming brighter posteriorly and white on the costa. There is a cloudy ochreous suffused spot on the base of the wing. The hindwings are fuscous with a golden gloss and a central dilated broad bar and an irregular ochreous spot before and opposite termen before the tornus.
Etymology.
The name is derived from "cunula" (meaning a small cradle) and "gero" (meaning to bear).

</doc>
<doc id="31066486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066486" title="Rallye International du Valais">
Rallye International du Valais

The Rallye International du Valais is a yearly rally in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It was founded by Philippe Simonetta, a local wine dealer in 1960. Since 1980 it is part of the European Rally Championship and in 2007 and 2008 it was an event of the Intercontinental Rally Challenge. In 2009, it became a top category (coeff. 20) event of the European Rally Championship and since then it is the final event of the ERC season. The rally headquarters is in Martigny.

</doc>
<doc id="31066493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066493" title="Ficker">
Ficker

Ficker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31066504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066504" title="Kočevske Poljane">
Kočevske Poljane

Kočevske Poljane (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Poljane" to "Kočevske Poljane" in 1953. In the past the German name was "Pöllandl".
History.
Pöllandl was a village settled by Gottschee Germans inside the Gottschee region until 1941. During the Second World War its original population was resettled by the German occupation forces. However, some Gottscheer families managed to resist and prevent expulsion, and most of these collaborated with the Partisans of the Liberation Front of the Slovene People, which had its headquarters (Baza 20) nearby. Their dialect Gottscheerish was forbidden after World War II, so today there are only a few people left who speak it.
Church.
The local parish church is dedicated to Saint Andrew and belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Novo Mesto. It dates to the 17th century. A second church belonging to the parish, built just north of the settlement is dedicated to Mary Help of Christians and was a pilgrimage church built in the late 17th century. The cemetery is one of only ten in the Kočevje region to have (mostly) preserved the tombstones of the Gottschee Germans.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Kočevske Poljane include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31066519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066519" title="Doombox">
Doombox

Doombox is an EP by Graf Orlock. It was released by Vitriol Records on January 18, 2011. It was released as a 10" record, pressed on black (limited to 150) and clear (limited to 1350). The record came with a foldout boom-box replica, and a CD with all six songs plus the Destination Time trilogy songs.
Reception.
"Doombox" was generally well received by critics. Mike Kemp of Rock Sound enjoyed the EP's "shouty, expletive-ridden grindcore", and praised the inclusion of the band's "Destination Time" trilogy on the CD. Chris Ayers of Exclaim! called "Doombox" "categorically crushing", comparing the band to Pig Destroyer and Brutal Truth, and declared the album "a...contender for the year's best album".

</doc>
<doc id="31066520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066520" title="Deepwater rice">
Deepwater rice

Deepwater rice are varieties of rice ("Oryza sativa") grown in flooded conditions with water more than deep for at least a month.
More than people in South and Southeast Asia rely on deepwater rice for their sustenance. There are two adaptations which permit the rice to thrive in deeper water, floating rice and traditional talls. Traditional talls are varieties that are grown at water depths of between and and have developed to be taller and have longer leaves than standard rice. Floating rice grows in water deeper than through advanced elongation ability. This means when a field where rice is growing floods, accelerated growth in the internodal of the stem allows the plant to keep some of its foliage on top of the water. The Indica cultivar is the main type of deepwater rice, although varieties of Japonica have been found in Burma, Bangladesh and India.
Production.
Deepwater rice is a staple food that is grown on around of land. The main areas where it is grown are in South and Southeast Asia where more than people rely its production for their livelihood. In South Asia the main area deepwater rice is grown in is the Ganges Brahmaputra basin in India and Bangladesh. In Southeast Asia the main areas of cultivation are in Burma in the Irrawaddy Delta, in Thailand in the Chao Phraya and Mekong in Vietnam and Cambodia. In these countries deepwater rice account for more than 25% of the land used to grow rice.
Deepwater rice is cultivated less in West Africa than in Asia with approximately . Areas it is grown include the Niger river basin. Some areas in Ecuador grow deepwater rice.
Cultivation methods.
Deepwater rice is grown in tropical monsoon climates normally around river deltas and their floodplains mainly in backswamps and natural levees. The nature of the flood is important for success of deepwater rice, with timing and the rate of rise of water affecting survival and crop density. Generally, the flood water comes from rainfall or rises in the water table. In places with low rainfall, water overspilling from rivers can flood rice producing areas.
Issues.
When seeds are sown directly into the ground the seeds and young plants can be damaged by drought conditions before floods arrive. During this stage the plants can also suffer due to competition from weeds. Sudden flooding, where a large volume of water enters the field in a short time, can lead to a high level of seedling death.
Floating rice faces additional problems due to the depth and time of the water it grows in. Water conditions such as turbulence and temperature can adversely affect the crop.
Natural disasters can also damage or destroy deepwater rice crops. Tropical cyclones are particularly a problem in Asia. For example, in 2008 Cyclone Nargis damaged 122,782 hectares of deepwater rice in Burma. If predicted sea level rises due to climate change happen, this would affect the pattern of flooding, causing deeper floods over a wider area and eroding the coast.
Characteristics.
Deepwater rice is rice grown in flooded conditions with water more than deep for at least a month.
Rice has adapted to deep water in two ways known as traditional talls and floating rice. Traditional talls are varieties that are grown at water depths of between and and have developed to be taller and have longer leaves than standard rice. Floating rice grows in water deeper than through advanced elongation ability. When submerged this allows it to grow as fast as a day to reach a length of up to and survive in water as deep as .
The Indica cultivar is the main type of deepwater rice, although varieties of Japonica have been found in Burma, Bangladesh and India. Deepwater rice emits the least methane, a greenhouse gas, of the wetland rice ecologies, producing approximately three times less than paddy field rice.
Floating rice adaptation.
Floating rice is planted in dry ground and allowed to establish as young plants. The area becomes flooded which triggers the rice's elongation ability. This means when a field where rice is growing floods, accelerated growth in the internodes of the stem allows the plant to keep some of its foliage on top of the water. The stems are hollow and this allows gas to be exchanged between the plant and the atmosphere. Once the flooding ends the plant is left lying on the ground. The nodes at the top of the plant then start growing upwards towards due to gravitropic sensitivity.
The elongation is triggered when the plant is submerged through a mechanism involving ethylene gas. Ethylene is normally produced by plants and diffused into the air but when floating rice is submerged in water this process is disrupted as the gas moves more slowly into water. This leads to a buildup of ethylene in the plant. This triggers the production of a hormone called gibberellin which causes the rapid growth in the plant. When the plant reaches the surface the ethylene gas can escape as normal and the rapid growth stops. Research continues to enhance the ability to cope with increasing water depth. Rice will drown if submerged for too long.

</doc>
<doc id="31066526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066526" title="Francis Curzon, 3rd Viscount Scarsdale">
Francis Curzon, 3rd Viscount Scarsdale

Francis John Nathaniel Curzon, 3rd Viscount Scarsdale (28 July 1924 – 2 August 2000), was a British peer.
Curzon was the son of the Honourable Francis Nathaniel Curzon, third son of Alfred Nathaniel Holden Curzon, 4th Baron Scarsdale. He succeeded his cousin in the viscountcy in 1977.
Lord Scarsdale, who died aged 76, fought a dozen years of battles against the National Trust over its alterations to his ancestral home, Kedleston Hall in Derbyshire, and another 10 years trying to persuade the trust to take the place off his hands. 
Scarsdale saw himself as "the 30th Lord of Kedleston in an unbroken male line of descent". His family stretches back 900 years, but his position was the result of the typical stipulation in the Scarsdale title - that it, and the estate, could go only to a male heir.
The 2nd viscount gave up hope of a male heir after his first wife produced four daughters and he failed to father an heir with his second wife. As next in line, Francis Curzon, an old Etonian captain in the Scots Guards, and son of the third son of the 4th Baron Scarsdale, was invited by a cousin he hardly knew to see the estate for the first time in 1959. 
Kedleston Hall has been one of the glories of Britain since the young Robert Adam rebuilt it for the first Baron Curzon in the 1760s, around his collection of Tintorettos, Poussins and Chippendale furniture. As the centre of an estate of 5,700 acres, it included a 500-acre park and an 18-hole golf course. 
From 1970, Scarsdale took charge of his future inheritance as estate manager. He knew, even before death duties of £2.5m, that he could not keep up the property on the basis of income from the estate's 17 farms. "The house is a gigantic headache," he moaned. Wanting to preserve it intact, he offered the pile to the nation, in lieu of death duties. The environment secretary Michael Heseltine was sympathetic, as were arts ministers Norman St John-Stevas and Lord Gowrie. Even Mrs Thatcher went to have a look. 
But while waiting for a decision, Scarsdale came into conflict with his son and heir Peter, to whom he had promised a tenth of the estate if sold. Peter wanted to wait for a £25m offer from overseas, which never materialised. It took until 1987, a full decade, before the National Trust was willing to take over Kedleston Hall and its estate, financed by an unprecedented £14m, mainly from the National Heritage Fund. 
Lord Scarsdale made what seemed a generous deal with the trust. He and his family could live rent-free in a 23-room wing, with an adjoining garden and two rent-free flats for his servants or other family members. He could play billiards and hold parties in the main block, and shoot pheasants on the estate when it was closed to the public. Meanwhile, the annual maintenance costs of £400,000 were to be met by members of the National Trust and 20,000 visitors. 
The irritation came from differing interpretations of the word "consult" in Scarsdale's agreement with the trust. He thought he could veto any changes; the trust insisted he would only be informed, as a courtesy. He wanted the current hall reserved as a "family home"; the trust wanted it restored to its 1760s glory. Scarsdale attacked the trust's "arrogance", "vandalism" and "sacrilege" for such things as removing a fountain or a favourite piece of furniture. 
Francis died on after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="31066529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066529" title="Erich Correns">
Erich Correns

Erich Correns (1821 – 77) was a German portrait painter and lithographer.
Life.
Correns was born at Cologne in 1821, and after studying jurisprudence at Bonn, went to the Academy at Munich, and became an 
accomplished portrait painter and lithographer. He was well known for the elegance of his portraits, his subjects including King Maximilian of Bavaria and his consort Queen Maria. 
He died at Munich in 1877. 
The botanist and geneticist Karl Erich Correns was his son. 

</doc>
<doc id="31066534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066534" title="Floy Joy (band)">
Floy Joy (band)

Floy Joy was a soul and jazz-influenced pop group formed in Sheffield, England who recorded two albums and had minor success with a small few singles.
History.
The band formed in 1983, consisting of Elana Harris, Michael Ward and Shaun Ward. This line-up released only one single that year titled "Answer Through Me", produced by Andy Hernandez.
By 1984, Elana Harris was replaced by Carroll Thompson. The group released three singles, with two of the three being minor hits in the UK. "Until You Come Back to Me" peaked at No. 91 whilst "Operator" peaked at No. 86. The album which the singles came from was released that year titled "Into the Hot", produced by Don Was at The Sound Suite in Detroit. The album peaked at No. 40 in New Zealand.
After the album, Thompson and Shaun Ward subsequently left the band, leaving Michael Ward to draft singer Desi Campbell and bassist/drum programmer/co-writer Robert E. Clarke and put together a new all-male Floy Joy. An album came out in 1986 titled "Weak in the Presence of Beauty", which was also produced by Don Was, like the last album. Although the album was overall unsuccessful, the lead single, also called "Weak in the Presence of Beauty" peaked at No. 85 in the UK. The song was later covered by Alison Moyet which became a large European hit.
The group split shortly after due to the commercial failure of the album. By 1990, Desi Campbell and Shaun Ward worked under the name Everyday People with Lloyd T Richards and producer Stewart Levine, releasing one album titled "You Wash... I'll Dry". Two singles in 1990, "Headline News" and "I Guess It Doesn't Matter", reached the charts in both the UK and Germany. The group released two more singles in Germany and toured Europe extensively.
After the demise of the group Desi Campbell started a solo career which resulted in the release of two self produced singles "Stranger" and "L.O.V.E Poem".
Having previously sung backing vocals with WasWas on the album "What Up Dog" he went on to work with Errol Brown of "Hot Chocalate", dance outfit "Fraud Squad","Henry Priestman and Russell Christian of The Christians" in the group "Bludog" as well as writing and recording with the Manchester based outfit "Concrete Nation".

</doc>
<doc id="31066555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066555" title="Tebenna submicalis">
Tebenna submicalis

Tebenna submicalis is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from China (Shaanxi, Gansu, Hubei), Nepal, Russia and Japan (Hokkaido).
The wingspan is 9–11 mm.
The larvae feed on "Anaphalis margaritacea".

</doc>
<doc id="31066597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066597" title="Choreutis achyrodes">
Choreutis achyrodes

Choreutis achyrodes is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from China (Guangxi, Guizhou, Taiwan), Japan (Shikoku, Kyusyu, Ryukyu Is.), India
(Assam) and the Oriental region.
The wingspan is 10–15 mm.
The larvae feed on "Ficus wightiana".

</doc>
<doc id="31066617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066617" title="Loška Vas">
Loška Vas

Loška Vas (; ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local church is dedicated to Saint Martin and belongs to the Parish of Toplice. It dates to the late 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31066620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066620" title="Thalie">
Thalie

The Thalie (or "Talie") is a short river in Saône-et-Loire, France.
It rises at Rully and runs for 21.7 km to Saint-Remy where it joins the Saône.
It has an average discharge of 0.34 m³/s, and its tributaries are the "ru Guillot", "ruisseau du Bois" and ruisseau de Guerlande.

</doc>
<doc id="31066627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066627" title="Zayd Salih al-Faqih">
Zayd Salih al-Faqih

Zayd Salih al-Faqih is a Yemeni short story writer, journalist and essayist. He was born in a village in Ibb Governorate in 1964, and studied Arabic language at Sanaa University. He then continued his studies at the University of Dhamar. He worked at the Yemeni ministry of culture, becoming the head of press and communication. He has published a number of short story collections, including "Awtar li-awridat al-ghubar" and "Qunut" (Obedience). He has also served as the secretary general of the Yemeni Writers' League. 
al-Faqih's work has been translated into English and one of his short stories "The Veiled One" was included in a recent anthology of short stories from the Persian Gulf. He has also been translated into Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="31066630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066630" title="USB dead drop">
USB dead drop

A USB dead drop is a USB device installed in a public space. For example, a USB flash drive might be mounted in an outdoor brick wall and fixed in place with fast concrete (in fact cement). The name comes from the dead drop method of espionage communication. The devices can be regarded as an anonymous, offline, peer-to-peer file sharing network.
An early USB dead drop network of five devices was started in October 2010 in New York by Berlin-based artist Aram Bartholl, a member of New York's Fat lab art and technology collective. A similar "deadSwap" system has been run in Germany since 2009.
Members of the public are invited to drop or find files on a dead drop by directly plugging their laptop into the USB stick in the wall to share files and data. It is possible to use smartphones and tablets computer by using a cable adapter from Micro B USB male to USB female.
Each dead drop is installed empty except two files: deaddrops-manifesto.txt, and a readme.txt file explaining the project.
Pros and cons.
Cons.
Publicly and privately available points give anyone the ability to save and transfer data anonymously and free of charge. Such offline networks are vulnerable to the following examples of threats:
Around USB dead drop.
In 2013, the web site instructables publish (text and video) how to make a USB dead drop in nature.
Wireless dead drop.
Following this concept, wireless dead drops are being created. The PirateBox, designed in 2011, is the best known.

</doc>
<doc id="31066641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066641" title="Gary Kott">
Gary Kott

Gary Kott is an American television and advertising writer, and folk artist. A writer and supervising producer of "The Cosby Show", Kott worked on the program during its five consecutive years of number one Nielsen ratings.
Career.
Kott worked on Madison Avenue in the early 1970s, writing and producing dozens of national television commercials and print ads. He was a copywriter at Ogilvy & Mather, moved to Young & Rubicam, then moved back to Ogilvy & Mather, where he served as Vice President and Creative Director.
Hollywood.
In addition to his time working on "The Cosby Show", Kott has also written for other shows, including "Fame", "Remington Steele" and "The White Shadow". He has received numerous accolades, including a Peabody Award, a Writers Guild of America Award, a People's Choice Award, an NAACP Image Award, a pair of Humanitas nominations, and one Emmy Award nomination. Kott has been a guest speaker at the Museum of Broadcasting in New York and the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC.
Theater.
Kott has written numerous plays, with performances at The Actors Studio in New York, The Grove Street Playhouse and The Santa Monica Playhouse.
Gary Kott's Creative Warehouse.
In 2011, Kott launched Gary Kott's Creative Warehouse, a website devoted to collecting his work, including folk art, stories and plays. In addition to writing a series of blog entries on the site, Kott has also introduced the concept of the "Storynar," a live webcast of the reading of an original story.

</doc>
<doc id="31066642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066642" title="Educational measurement">
Educational measurement

Educational measurement refers to the use of educational assessments and the analysis of data such as scores obtained from educational assessments to infer the abilities and proficiencies of students. The approaches overlap with those in psychometrics.
Educational measurement is the assigning of numerals to traits such as achievement, interest, attitudes,aptitudes,intelligence and performance. 
Overview.
The aim of theory and practice in educational measurement is typically to measure abilities and levels of attainment by students in areas such as reading, writing, mathematics, science and so forth. Traditionally, attention focuses on whether assessments are reliable and valid. In practice, educational measurement is largely concerned with the analysis of data from educational assessments or tests. Typically, this means using total scores on assessments, whether they are multiple choice or open-ended and marked using marking rubrics or guides.
In technical terms, the pattern of scores by individual students to individual items is used to infer so-called scale locations of students, the "measurements". This process is one form of scaling. Essentially, higher total scores give higher scale locations, consistent with the traditional and everyday use of total scores. If certain theory is used, though, there is not a strict correspondence between the ordering of total scores and the ordering of scale locations. The Rasch model provides a strict correspondence provided all students attempt the same test items, or their performances are marked using the same marking rubrics.
In terms of the broad body of purely mathematical theory drawn on, there is substantial overlap between educational measurement and psychometrics. However, certain approaches considered to be a part of psychometrics, including Classical test theory, Item Response Theory and the Rasch model, were originally developed more specifically for the analysis of data from educational assessments.
One of the aims of applying theory and techniques in educational measurement is to try to place the results of different tests administered to different groups of students on a single or common scale through processes known as test equating. The rationale is that because different assessments usually have different difficulties, the total scores cannot be directly compared. The aim of trying to place results on a common scale is to allow comparison of the scale locations inferred from the totals via scaling processes.

</doc>
<doc id="31066649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066649" title="Michal Áč">
Michal Áč

Michal Áč (born 17 May 1985) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for FKM Nové Zámky.

</doc>
<doc id="31066657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066657" title="Lythrum alatum">
Lythrum alatum

Lythrum alatum, commonly known as winged loosestrife or winged lythrum, is a species of flowering plant belonging to the family Lythraceae. It is endemic to wetland areas in central and eastern United States and Ontario.
Description.
Winged loosestrife is an upright, branching herbaceous plant growing to about one metre tall. The stems are woody in the lower parts of the plant, square in cross section with slightly winged angles. The leaves are mostly opposite, stalk-less, broadly oblong and tapering towards the tip. They have smooth un-toothed edges. The flowers are borne singly or in pairs in the axils of the much reduced upper leaves. The calyx forms a tube about 0.6 millimetres long and has six pointed teeth. The six rose-pink petals have a magenta central vein and are about 5 millimetres long and 2 millimetres wide. There are six stamens with pink filaments and purple anthers. The stigma is white and the style green. The ovary is superior and the fruit is an elongated capsule with numerous tiny seeds.
Habitat.
Winged loosestrife is found growing in wet meadows and fens, pond and lake margins, beside streams and by railroads.

</doc>
<doc id="31066659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066659" title="Mr Gay World 2011">
Mr Gay World 2011

Mr Gay World 2011, the 3rd Mr Gay World pageant, was held at the Club MWAH, in Manila, Philippines on March 13, 2011. Charl Van Den Berg of South Africa crowned his successor, fellow South African, François Nel. 27 countries and territories were competed for the title.

</doc>
<doc id="31066666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066666" title="Choreutis montana">
Choreutis montana

Choreutis montana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from China (Qinghai), Kirghizia, Tadzhikistan and Kazakhstan.
The wingspan is 12–14 mm. The basic color of the forewings is gray with whitish granulation. The basal area is bordered by an oblique but straight black line, which disappears in the region of the median cell. There is large white granulation on the middle area, forming two broad diffused light gray transverse stripes. The inner transverse stripe is usually narrower than the outer stripe. The latter is bordered by a blackish line interrupted in the middle and always isolated from the outer field. This area consists of two stripes of almost equal width. The stripe adjoining the black line is light gray with whitish granulation and the other stripe adjoining the fimbria is dark brown. The hindwings are dark gray, but lighter in the region of the cell.
The larvae feed on "Malus", "Amelanchier" and "Ulmus pumila". They develop on the fruits of their host plant.

</doc>
<doc id="31066675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066675" title="Sir Wolstan Dixie of Appleby Magna">
Sir Wolstan Dixie of Appleby Magna

Sir Wolstan Dixie of Appleby Magna and then Market Bosworth (1576 – 25 July 1630) was founder of the Dixie Grammar School in Market Bosworth.
He was great-nephew of the first Sir Wolstan Dixie, Lord mayor of London, who endowed the Dixie Professor of Ecclesiastical History at Cambridge University.
He was knighted by James I of England in 1604, when he was Sir Wolstan Dixie of Appleby Magna. In 1608 he moved to Market Bosworth and commenced work on the original manor house and grammar school. In 1614 he was appointed High Sheriff of Leicestershire and in 1625 the county's representative in Parliament.
Thirty years after his death, in 1660, his son, the then elderly Sir Wolstan Dixie, 1st Baronet was also appointed Sheriff of Leicestershire and created the first of line of the Dixie baronets by Charles II of England when the exiled King returned from France.

</doc>
<doc id="31066678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066678" title="Matej Kopecký">
Matej Kopecký

Matej Kopecký (born 9 June 1990) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FC Nitra.

</doc>
<doc id="31066697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066697" title="Blue and White Front">
Blue and White Front

The Blue and White Front () (formerly Freedom Party – Finland's Future) () is a nationalist political party in Finland which was founded in 2009.
History.
The VP was founded on 4 April 2009. In September 2010, leader of the Finnish People's Blue-Whites in the Turku county council, Olavi Mäenpää, joined the VP, and became the party's first city councillor. In November, Turku city councillor Maarit Rostedt of the National Coalition Party also defected to the VP, as well as former True Finns city councillor Kalevi Satopää in Salo. The party has changed its name in 2013.
The party contested its first election in the Finnish parliamentary election, 2011.
Policies.
The party calls for a ban on construction of mosques and minarets, removal of beggars from the streets and reduction in foreign aid. It also opposes nuclear power and mandatory teaching of Swedish.

</doc>
<doc id="31066700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066700" title="Mali Rigelj">
Mali Rigelj

Mali Rigelj (; also "Mali Rigel", , sometimes "Kleinrigel", also recorded as "Schrigl" in 1574, Gottscheerish: "Riegl") is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
The Slovene name "Mali Rigelj" (and German "Kleinriegel") literally mean 'little Rigelj', distinguishing the village from neighboring 'big Rigelj' (, ). The name "Rigelj" is common in Slovenia. It is based on the Slovene common noun "rigelj" 'promontory', derived from German "Riegel", which also has the same meaning in southern German dialects.
History.
Mali Rigelj was a Gottschee German village. The land registry of 1574 shows that it had two farms, subdivided into three half-farms and two quarter-farms and corresponding to between 30 and 35 residents. In 1931, the village had 10 houses and a population of 48. The village economy at that time was based on work at the local kiln, where cement roof tiles and pipes were produced, and day labor. Agriculture was insufficient to support the population, but they made some money selling apples and wine. The original residents were evicted on 3 December 1941, with the exception of one farm. During the Second World War, the Partisan Levstik Assault Battalion was formed in front of house no. 4 in the village. After the war, people arrived from elsewhere to live in the village and mostly commuted to work in Dolenjske Toplice.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Ursula and belongs to the Parish of Poljane–Dolenjske Toplice. It dates to the first half of the 18th century. It has a polygonal chancel walled on three sides with a groin-vaulted ceiling supported by large consoles, and a surbased spherical vault over the nave. The main altar is a Baroque work from the second half of the 18th century.
In addition to the church, there were also four wayside shrines in Mali Rigelj before the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="31066711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066711" title="World Scrabble Championship 2011">
World Scrabble Championship 2011

The World Scrabble Championship 2011 was held in the Hilton Hotel, Warsaw, Poland, from 12 October to 16 October 2011. The format was a 34-round preliminary tournament and a best-of-five final. The top two players after the preliminary tournament, Nigel Richards and Andrew Fisher, played a best-of-five final for the top prize and the title of World Scrabble Champion 2011. There were 114 places allocated to competitors from around the world, with 106 players eventually competing.
Results.
The winner was Nigel Richards of New Zealand who defeated Andrew Fisher of Australia with three games to two in the best-of-five finals. Richards set the record for being the first two-time World Champion. He repeated this success, winning for a third time in 2013.
Richards won the first game 489–422. Bingos from Fisher included BINGERS and INTERWAR. Bingos from Richards were zENAIDAS, ACEROLA and MOLTERs.
Fisher won the second game with 520–406. Fisher bingoed GONDELAY while Richards struggled with a rack AAAEIIS. Richards had the bingo SOSATIE but there was no available spot. Later in the game, he played RETARDS, which was then replied by Fisher's OUTSPAN. Towards the end of the game, Richards played INSULAR for 83 points, which was again replied, with NEEDIER for 81 points.
At the end of Game 2 of the best-of five finals, both players had 1 win.
Richards pulled one back in the third game, 464–359. He had 4 bingos: DAROGHAS (63), UNFANNEd (64), TOLARJEV (90) and PAROdIES (72) compared to Fisher's only bingo of BOUGHTEN for 67 points.
Game 4 went to Fisher with 562–420 despite him having racks such as AAAABEE and AAAEEIO. Richards' ANGRIeST (70) was replied with JEEZ (81) and his EQUID (75) was immediately replied with TALLIED (79)
At the end of Game 4 of the finals, both players had 2 wins. It was an intense competition between the two.
The fifth game saw Richards take the title of World Champion, winning clearly with 476–333. It was a close game until Richards got OMNIFIED for 95 points, giving him a 100 point lead over Fisher. He then sealed the win with URAnITEs across four hooks for 88 points.
Missing tile incident.
In a round seven game between Edward Martin and Chollapat Itthi-Aree, Martin discovered a tile (G) missing at the end of play. (Since players typically bag the letters from a laid-out 10-by-10 grid from which a missing letter would be obvious, it is not normally possible to start a game with an incorrect number of letters.) The tournament director ruled that the letter be replaced, and Martin won the game 402–401. This caused some embarrassment to Martin and hard feelings among the Thai contingent, and it was widely reported that Chollapat Itthi-Aree had suggested that Martin be strip searched, but another reporter states that Chollapat did not make such a suggestion.

</doc>
<doc id="31066723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066723" title="Andrej Ivančík">
Andrej Ivančík

Andrej Ivančík (born 25 May 1990) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FC Nitra.

</doc>
<doc id="31066729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066729" title="Prochoreutis diakonoffi">
Prochoreutis diakonoffi

Prochoreutis diakonoffi is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from China (Shaanxi) and Japan (Honsyu).

</doc>
<doc id="31066737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066737" title="HopPo!">
HopPo!

HopPo! is the name of Café Tacvba frontman Rubén Albarrán's side project. Albarrán formed this band while Café Tacvba was on break during 2010.
During the fall of 2010, HopPo! briefly toured throughout South and North America; including some west coast dates in the U.S. Paul Livingstone, sitar musician, was on tour for 6 dates with HopPo! from October 30 to November 8.
History.
"HopPo!", self-titled debut album (2010).
Their self-titled, debut, album consists of Latin American folk cover songs, and no original material. This particular type of folk music, also known as Nueva Canción, was originally written in the 1960s and 1970s during a social movement of protest and anti-establishment sentiment by South American singer-songwriters and social activists. The album contains three songs written by Violeta Parra, including "Gracias a la Vida".
The album has not been commercially released, and was only available as a promotional CD in 2010. However, the songs can be streamed through HopPo's official MySpace page.
Origin of band name.
In the Dakota language, "Hoppo" means "Lets Go!"
Per the band's official MySpace page, HopPo! does not use a conventional title case, but instead capitalizes the second "P" and uses an exclamation point following the band name. However, their artwork usually displays the logo of the band's name in uppercase "HOPPO!"
Discography.
It is uncertain whether HopPo! will continue to record further albums, or if this was a single album project.
Studio albums.
"HopPo!" (2010)

</doc>
<doc id="31066739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066739" title="Passfield Memorandum">
Passfield Memorandum

The Passfield Memorandum of 1930 was a memorandum circulated by Sidney Webb, 1st Baron Passfield, who was Secretary of State for the Colonies under Ramsay Macdonald in the second Labour government, to colonial governors in the British Empire.
The memorandum "introduced a new era in colonial labour policy. Trade unions were to be encouraged, even though subject to registration".

</doc>
<doc id="31066741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066741" title="Josef Vratislav Monse">
Josef Vratislav Monse

Josef Vratislav Monse (June 15, 1733 – February 6, 1793) was a Moravian lawyer and historian.
He was a leading enlightenment figure in the Habsburg Monarchy and an early exponent of the Czech National Revival in Moravia. Monse played a key role in the development of modern Moravian Historiography. He was a professor of law and, in 1780, the rector at the University of Olomouc.
Biography.
Early life, studies in Prague and Vienna.
Josef "Vít" Monse was the eighth of nine children born into the family of a municipal legal official in Vysočina Region. His parents were Johann Karl Monse and Anna Monse (born Moudrá). The family lived at house number eight on the main square at Nové Město na Moravě "(Neustadtl in Mähren)". Josef Monse attended the local school. When Monse was 14, his father died. His uncle, a local priest also named Josef Monse, sent him to study at a Jesuit gymnasium (school) in Telč. He covered the (normally) six year high school curriculum in four years and then, in 1752 he left for Prague, where he studied at the Faculty of Philosophy of Charles University, gaining a master's degree.
By this time Monse was becoming interested in the history of his own nation, which, since the Battle of White Mountain back in 1620, had been subjected to Catholization and Germanization, while the Czech language had become no more than a means of communication between the peasants.
Monse left Prague for Vienna, where he attended the Faculty of Law at the University of Vienna and obtained a doctorate "juris utriusque" (of both civil and canon law) in 1762. While still in Vienna, Monse published his dissertation (in Latin), married Marie Anna and mastered Italian.
Professor of law at University of Olomouc.
In 1764 Monse moved to Olomouc, where he became an advocate. In 1768 he was appointed a professor of law at the University of Olomouc for which he received 900 gulden a year, lecturing on public and natural law. He still also found time to continue with his advocacy work.
After Professor Josef Antonín Sommer, died in 1774, Monse added to his responsibilities Sommer's courses on Roman and Canon law. 1774 was also the year in which he changed his middle name from "Vít" to "Vratislav", a determined reflection of his "motto": ""Return the Old Glory to the Homeland!"" ().
The lectures on Canon law for theology students were given separately at the Faculty of Theology until 1771, after which they started to be officially taught by the secular professors of law. Classes normally comprised some 50 law students, but for Monse's Cannon law classes, some 300 theology students of theology also took to attending. By this time Monse had become a fierce proponent of the newly developing enlightenment ideals. In his lectures he defended the reforms of Joseph II. While the traditional theologians were merely resentful of to his spoken lectures, the publication of his ideas evoked real outrage. The Catholics leadership incited the town's poor against Monse, spreading malicious gossip that the altar-bread fell out of his mouth during Communion, and that the burning of a nearby village represented God's punishment for Monse's teachings.
The theologians' fury peaked when Monse published the work of an anonymous 13th century French author entitled in , a dialogue between a priest and a soldier discussing the relative status of popes and of kings. The treatise was found by one of the Monse's former students in a library at Znojmo monastery. He sent the work to Monse, who translated it, adding an introduction and commentary while preserving the original content, and published it. Well aware that the ideas in the thesis were still controversial even 500 years after they had first been written, he added at the end of the book that it was published with the best of intentions, and ""not to irritate"". That did not help much. Monse received harsh criticism not only from Olomouc, but also from Prague and Vienna, and came close to being ousted from the University. Monse's advocacy of the suppression of church institutions in favour of the secular state was nevertheless welcomed at the royal court, and he was able to retain the professorship of secular law, but was nonetheless prevented from giving lectures on canon law.
Despite the dissolution of the Jesuit order in 1773, the Catholics maintained a strong grip over the University of Olomouc. In the second half of the 1770s some shortcomings by the University management were uncovered, which was used by the emperor as pretext to move the University beyond the reach of the church at Olomouc, and the university was for a few years, until 1782, relocated to Brno. At the same time as this relocation the "Directorate of Law" was established (replacing the previously existing "Professorate of Law") and Monse became its head. However Monse was not able now to continue with his advocacy career. In Brno Monse started to publish works about history of Moravia, this time in German.
Rector of the University, elevation to noble status.
In 1780 Monse was appointed Rector of the University; he gave his inauguration speech on the history of Moravia. He was also elevated to noble status (together with his family) on December 1, 1780. Despite these achievements, or maybe because of them, Monse remained the main target of catholic reaction. In the same year Monse started the lectures about Moravian history according to () written by Ctibor Tovačovský z Cimburka in the 1490s. He also started writing his own history of Moravia, although this work only reaches to 1306.
Monse became a member of the learned societies of Hesse-Homburg (1780), Burghausen (1782) and Prague (1785). (He was lawyer-member in the first two societies, and a historian-member of the Prague society.) He was also in frequent contact with other figures of enlightenment in Habsburg Monarchy, such as Riegger and Josef Dobrovský and many others.
In 1782 the first Archbishop of Olomouc Antonín Theodor Colloredo-Waldsee enforced relocation of the University back to Olomouc by decree of Emperor Joseph II. At the same time the institution lost its university status, becoming a mere three-year Lyceum. The Emperor had decided to retain only three universities, in Prague, Vienna, and Lviv. The Collegium Nobilium was also dissolved by the emperor. Back in Olomouc, Monse started publishing in Czech (Moravian) language. At the same time Monse insisted upon the establishment of a Department of National (=Moravian) Law and History: however this department lasted only until 1786, when it was dissolved. Meanwhile, in 1784, the Directorate of Law became Faculty of Law.
Monse's health was by now deteriorating and he ceased lecturing in 1792.
The persisting issues with the catholic reaction as well as his health problems led to a reduction in Monse's publishing activity. He died in Olomouc on February 6, 1793. With his death the lectures on Moravian law and history also ended.
Legacy.
Through his interest in both Moravian humanism and Benedictine historiography Monse linked the earlier Societas eruditorum incognitorum in terris Austriacis in Olomouc with the Société patriotique in Brno. The record of his lectures demonstrates an increasing willingness to link the early Enlightenment claims made on behalf of natural law with an appreciation of the virtues of the historical law of Moravia. This reveals the influence both of a critical historical perception and of the judicial theory of the renowned jurist, Joseph von Sonnenfels. Monse also saw the need for an ideological basis capable of uniting the new educated middle class with the Enlightened intelligentsia's interest in the arts and sciences. He found such a basis in critical historiography, and eventually created the platform for a Moravian patriotic revival, enriched by historical Renaissance humanism.

</doc>
<doc id="31066756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066756" title="Meniška Vas">
Meniška Vas

Meniška Vas (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. It lies at the confluence of the Sušica and Krka rivers. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
The local church is dedicated to Saint Anthony the Hermit and belongs to the Parish of Toplice. It was built in the early 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31066766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066766" title="Jeremy Burchill">
Jeremy Burchill

Jeremy Burchill (born 1952) is a former barrister and unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
Burchill studied at Campbell College and Queen's University, Belfast, then became chair of the Ulster Young Unionist Council. He contested the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention election in Belfast South in 1975, and was elected for the Ulster Unionist Party, becoming the youngest member of the convention. At the 1979 UK general election, he stood in North Antrim, taking second place, with 23.4% of the vote.
Burchill was elected to Belfast City Council, representing Area A, in 1981. He was also elected in the Northern Ireland Assembly election, 1982, taking a seat in Belfast East. He stood in the equivalent seat at the UK general election, 1983, taking 24.8% of the vote.
Outside politics, Burchill was a member of both the Northern Ireland and English Bar, but had more recently worked as a consultant to financial service companies.

</doc>
<doc id="31066769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066769" title="Prochoreutis holotoxa">
Prochoreutis holotoxa

Prochoreutis holotoxa is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from China (Shanxi), France (Alps), Italy, Austria (Tirol), Switzerland (Zermatt), Romania and Russia (Siberia).
The larvae feed on "Pedicularis ascendens".

</doc>
<doc id="31066786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066786" title="Beysheke, Kemin">
Beysheke, Kemin

Beysheke () is a village in the Kemin District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan. 

</doc>
<doc id="31066794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066794" title="Francisco de Montejo (disambiguation)">
Francisco de Montejo (disambiguation)

Francisco de Montejo (c. 1479–c. 1553), Spanish conquistador.
Francisco de Montejo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31066800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066800" title="Prochoreutis alpinoides">
Prochoreutis alpinoides

Prochoreutis alpinoides is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from China (Shaanxi).
The wingspan is about 11 mm. The head, thorax and tegula are olive. The forewings are triangular and the termen weakly oblique. They are dark olive, with three white costal marks, two discal white points and a slender transverse metallic fascia from the second mark. The single white and metallic scales are diffused through the wing area. White scales are mainly found in the dorsal and medial part, metallic scales in the subcostal, subapical and terminal parts. The hindwing is concoloros with the forewing but lighter, with a comparatively long submarginal white stripe.
Etymology.
The specific name is derived from the Latin postfix "oides" (meaning like) and "Prochoreutis alpina", indicating the similarity of the two species.

</doc>
<doc id="31066819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066819" title="Music at Night (play)">
Music at Night (play)

Music at Night is a play by J. B. Priestley. Although written in 1938 for the Malvern Drama Festival, and performed there on 2 August, the outbreak of World War II meant that its performance in London at the Westminster Theatre was delayed until 10 October 1939; it was the first play to be performed in London after restrictions were lifted. It was published in 1944.
Plot introduction.
An assortment of middle- and upper-class people come to the house of the widowed Mrs Amesbury to hear a new violin concerto by David Shiel. As the music plays their minds wander, and their reveries are theatrically performed. Each act of the play corresponds with a movement of the concerto: "Allegro capriccioso", "Lento", and "Allegro — agitato — maestoso nobile".

</doc>
<doc id="31066827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066827" title="Korean archipelago">
Korean archipelago

The Korean Archipelago is a group of islands in the Yellow Sea, just off the coast of southwestern Korean Peninsula (South Korea).
Administration.
Administratively the group falls wholly within South Jeolla Province.

</doc>
<doc id="31066828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066828" title="Killing Them Softly">
Killing Them Softly

Killing Them Softly is a 2012 American neo-noir crime film directed by Andrew Dominik and starring Brad Pitt, based on the 1974 novel "Cogan's Trade" by George V. Higgins. On May 22, 2012, the film premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival, receiving positive early reviews.
Plot.
In the fall of 2008, amidst both the American financial crisis and the presidential election campaign, a man named Johnny "Squirrel" Amato (Vincent Curatola) plans to rob an illegitimate poker game. He enlists Frankie (Scoot McNairy), a former business associate, and Russell (Ben Mendelsohn), a heroin addicted Australian expatriate who is stealing purebred dogs for money, to perform the robbery. Markie Trattman (Ray Liotta), the proprietor of a poker ring, is revealed to have previously orchestrated an inside job by paying two men to rob his own illegal poker room. He holds up under rough questioning by the hitman Dillon (Sam Shepard); though later he openly admits his involvement to various criminal figures and suffers no retaliation. Squirrel anticipates that the Mafia will automatically blame Markie for the heist. 
Frankie and Russell, though obviously amateurs to the task, complete the holdup with no problems.
Driver (Richard Jenkins), an emissary for the Mafia, discusses the recent robbery with an acquaintance of Dillon, a hitman named Jackie Cogan (Brad Pitt). Although Jackie understands Markie was uninvolved in the heist, he believes Markie should be murdered in order to restore the mobsters' confidence in the local gambling scene. 
Upon completing the crime, Russell travels to Florida to sell the dogs. While in Florida, he inadvertently informs a man named Kenny Gill (Slaine) of his involvement in the heist while trying to recruit him as a dealer. Kenny informs Jackie, who implicates Russell, Frankie, and Squirrel as the true perpetrators. All of this occurs during a backdrop of televised speeches given by then-President George W. Bush and then-Senator Barack Obama made during the 2008 US Presidential election. 
Jackie brings in another hitman, Mickey Fallon (James Gandolfini), who is on parole in New York, to kill Squirrel. Jackie explains to Driver how he prefers "killing them softly"—shooting his victims without warning, giving them no opportunity to experience fear or despair—and that his acquaintance with Squirrel risks complicating this approach.
Jackie kills Markie in a drive-by shooting, but soon becomes frustrated with Mickey's lechery and alcoholism. He convinces Driver to arrange Mickey's arrest before the job has been completed.
Russell is arrested on a drug possession charge and presumably deported; meanwhile, Jackie confronts Frankie and convinces him to trade Squirrel's whereabouts for his life. Jackie has Frankie drive him to Squirrel; upon reaching Squirrel's apartment complex, he dispatches both Squirrel and Frankie.
On the night of the election, Jackie meets with Driver to collect his fee. Jackie makes references to Barack Obama's victory speech, contrasting it with how Jackie sees the country. When Driver refuses to pay Jackie in full, he angrily demands payment, declaring emphatically that "America's not a country... It's just a business," and demands his money. The film fades to black, leaving the issue unresolved.
Production.
"Killing Them Softly" is based on the 1974 novel "Cogan's Trade" by George V. Higgins, best selling novelist of crime novels, including "The Friends of Eddie Coyle". "Cogan's Trade", like Higgins' other novels, takes place in Boston; although filmed in New Orleans area, characters in "Killing Them Softly" make several references to Boston area suburbs from the original novel. The film was written and directed by Andrew Dominik, who chose to update the setting of the story, saying "as I started adapting it, it was the story of an economic crisis, and it was an economic crisis in an economy that was funded by gambling—and the crisis occurred due to a failure in regulation. It just seemed to have something that you couldn't ignore."
The project was first announced in November 2010 when Brad Pitt was reported to be in talks for the lead role. Pitt joined the project the following month, and production was scheduled to begin in Louisiana in March 2011. Additional roles were cast in early 2011. Dominik asked Pitt if he was interested in the role via a text message; he replied "yes" and the matter was settled over half an hour.
Pre-production began in Louisiana in January 2011, and filming was underway by March 2011.
According to Garret Dillahunt, the film's first cut was two-and-a-half hours long. Dillahunt, who had a cameo in the film, did not make the final cut.
Release.
"Killing Them Softly" was scheduled to premiere on September 21, 2012; however, the US release date was delayed until November 30, 2012, to avoid competing with "The Master" and to improve its chances for award nominations. The film kept its original release date in other parts of the world, with the somewhat unusual result where it opened in the UK and India more than two months before the US opening.
The Weinstein Company distributed the film in the United States and Canada.
Reception.
Box office.
Upon its opening weekend, "Killing Them Softly" grossed a domestic total of $6,812,900. As of February 4, 2013, the movie has made $14,947,716 domestically and $20,557,184 internationally, with a worldwide total of $37,470,591.
Critical response.
Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a rating of 75% based on reviews from 210 critics, with an average rating of 6.9 out of 10. While getting high ratings from critics it received heavy criticism from many people. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film received an average score of 64 based on 42 reviews.
Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" gave the film 5 stars saying the film is a "compelling comment on economic bloodletting in the real world". Tim Robey of "The Daily Telegraph" gave the film 4 stars describing it as "bleakly electrifying". "Total Film" awarded it 3 stars calling it "tough, stylish, violent and studded with stars" but countered that it "doesn’t quite get the job done".
CinemaScore audience polling gave the film an "F", making it one of only 8 films to have received an F score.
Home media.
The film was released on March 26, 2013. The film was released in Australia earlier, on February 13, and on February 25 in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="31066832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066832" title="List of football clubs in Samoa">
List of football clubs in Samoa


</doc>
<doc id="31066837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066837" title="Nova Gora, Dolenjske Toplice">
Nova Gora, Dolenjske Toplice

Nova Gora (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31066859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066859" title="Hiroki Shinjo">
Hiroki Shinjo

Hiroki Shinjo (born April 28, 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31066891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066891" title="Whirled into Happiness">
Whirled into Happiness

Whirled into Happiness is a musical comedy with music by Robert Stolz, and book and lyrics by Harry Graham, adapted from Stolz's "Der Tanz ins Glück", with a libretto by Robert Bodanzky and Bruno Hardt-Warden. The work, billed as a "musical farce", was presented in London in 1922.
History.
The musical was staged in London by George Edwardes Ltd, a company controlled by the financier James White after the death of its founder George Edwardes. The piece opened at the Lyric Theatre in Shaftesbury Avenue on 18 May 1922 and ran for 246 performances, closing on 16 December 1922. The production was taken on tour in the provinces, with Mai Bacon from the original cast, and Derek Oldham, Winnie Melville, George Gregory and Bert Weston. The J.C. Williamson company presented a production that toured Australia in 1924–25. 
A revised version of the show was staged in New York in 1925, under the title "Sky High", and ran for 217 performances. "Der Tanz ins Glück" was also adapted into Italian as "Dance la Fortuna" and French as "Danse vers le bonheur".
Synopsis.
Horace Wiggs, a hairdresser's assistant, visits the Majestic music hall where, owing to a striking facial resemblance, the front of house attendant, Matthew Platt, mistakes him for the Marquess of Brancaster, an intimate friend of one of the Majestic's stars, Delphine de Lavalliere. Horace is shown into the private box reserved for Brancaster and catches the eye of Florence Horridge, who is having a surreptitious night out with some girl friends. Platt introduces Florence to Horace, but their "tête-à-tête" is interrupted by her father, Albert Horridge, a nouveau-riche hatter. He has visited the Majestic because of his strong interest in Delphine. Horridge is at first indignant to find his daughter in such a place and alone with an unknown young man, but he is quickly won over when he is told that the young man is Lord Brancaster, son and heir of the Duke of Dulchester. He invites the supposed marquess to a party that evening at the Horridges' villa in the suburb of Crouch End. Horridge later invites Delphine to perform at the party. She readily accepts on learning that Lord Brancaster is to be present, as she feels that he has been neglecting her.
At the party, all goes well until Horridge bids Platt ring the Duke to tell him that his son is engaged to Florence. Delphine has immediately recognised that Horace is not Lord Brancaster, but refrains from exposing him. The imposture is revealed when the Duke and Duchess arrive, along with the real Lord Brancaster. Horace returns to work at the hairdressing establishment, but after a sequence of farcical comings and goings there is a happy ending with Florence and Horace united.
Critical reception.
Lonson reviews were uniformly enthusiastic: In "The Play Pictorial", B. H. Findon praised "the delightful strain of melody that runs through the piece … the charming dances … the merry humours of Billy Merson and Tom Walls, the vocal accomplishment of Lily St. John and Austin Melford, the diablerie of Mai Bacon and the excellent all-round interpretation … a really delightful entertainment." In "The Manchester Guardian", Ivor Brown commented that the music was in the best Viennese traditions, but "naturalisation papers have been taken out for the humour … all-British clowning." "The Observer" wrote, "As musical comedy plots go, it is brilliant. The chief people in the cast are extremely good." Reviewing the touring production, however, Neville Cardus wrote: "The bulk of the score is sheer revue. … It is rather sad to find Mr. Derek Oldham, with his pleasant voice and tasteful manner, thrown away on fustian."

</doc>
<doc id="31066898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066898" title="Raju Gaikwad">
Raju Gaikwad

Raju Eknath Gaikwad (born 25 September 1990 in Mumbai, Maharashtra) is an Indian footballer who plays as a center back for East Bengal F.C. in the I-League and the India national football team.
Career.
Pailan Arrows.
After spending time at Tata Football Academy Gaikwad signed for Pailan Arrows (then AIFF XI) in the I-League. He made his league debut for the club on 3 December 2010 against Prayag United S.C. at the Salt Lake Stadium which was also Pailan Arrows's first ever game in the I-League; Pailan lost 2–1.
East Bengal.
In July 2011 Gaikwad signed for East Bengal F.C. after one season at Pailan and made his debut for the club on 4 February 2012 after missing the first few months of the season through injury.
International.
Gaikwad made his debut for the India U23 on 23 February 2011 against Myanmar's U23s in the 2012 Olympic Qualifiers; India U23 won 2–1. He then made his senior debut for India on 21 March 2011 in the 2012 AFC Challenge Cup qualifiers against Chinese Tapei at the MBPJ Stadium in Petaling Jaya, Malaysia; India won 3–0. Gaikwad then won his first championship with India on 11 December 2011 when he helped India beat Afghanistan in the 2011 SAFF Cup. Gaikwad then went on to lead India to win the 2012 Nehru Cup when India managed to beat Cameroon's B team on 2 September 2012 at the Nehru Stadium in the Indian capital, Delhi.
Career Statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 20 May 2014"
National team statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of 29 March 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="31066902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066902" title="Občice">
Občice

Občice (; in older sources also "Občica", , Gottscheerish: "Kropflarn") is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. It lies on the eastern edge of the Gottschee region. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
The Slovene name "Občice" is of uncertain origin. Like the toponyms "Občine" and "Opčine", it may be derived from the Slovene adjective "obči" 'held in common' from the Slavic root *"obьťь", referring to an early landholding arrangement. The German name "Krapflern" is believed to be based on the surname of an early settler, "Krapf" or "Kropf".
History.
Občice was a Gottschee German settlement. It was listed in the 1574 land registry as having two full farms divided into four half-farms with five owners, corresponding to a population between 20 and 25. The population grew to 129 people living in 24 houses in 1869, but then declined, numbering only 56 people in 20 houses in 1921, and 69 people in 1936. At this time, the economy of the village was based on agriculture, with sales of potatoes, wheat, barley, rye, and beans to Novo Mesto, livestock sales at fairs, apples and plums to Straža, wine in the immediate area, and wood to the steam-powered sawmill at Straža. The original inhabitants were evicted on 7 and 8 December 1941. In 1944/45 a Partisan courier station operated in house no. 7 as well as the headquarters for courier relay line 15 (), which coordinated 145 such stations. A plaque commemorating the courier headquarters was unveiled on 21 July 1957. Most of the buildings in the village survived the war intact. After the war, the population of Občice increased to 75 in 1961. It then declined, but rose to 65 in 2011.
Society of Native Gottschee Settlers.
The Society of Native Gottschee Settlers ("Društvo Kočevarjev staroselcev / Gottscheer Altsiedlerverein") founded by descendants of Gottschee Germans in neighboring Kočevske Poljane in 1992, among them some of the last speakers of Gottscheerish, has its seat in a former inn bought by the association in 1998.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Občice include:

</doc>
<doc id="31066915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066915" title="Anthony Durier">
Anthony Durier

Anthony Durier (January 3, 1833 – February 28, 1904) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Natchitoches, Louisiana.
Born in France, Durier was ordained to the priesthood on October 28, 1856. On December 19, 1884, Durier was appointed bishop of the Natchitoches Diocese and was ordained on March 19, 1885, Bishop Durier died while in office.

</doc>
<doc id="31066931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066931" title="SS Fatima">
SS Fatima

SS Fatima was the first ship ever registered in Karachi, Pakistan in 1948. It was cargo vessel belonging to East & West Steamship Company.
Name.
The ship was named after Mohtarma Fatima Jinnah, the First Lady of Pakistan.
History.
She was built by Burn and Company, Howrah, Calcutta in 1942. She was then a 'Basset' class naval trawler of the Royal Indian Navy under the name SHILLONG, pennant number T.250, deployed in anti-submarine and minesweeping duties. Her engine was a triple-expansion steam engine built by Lobnitz & Company, Renfrew. Sold out of the navy in 1947 and converted to a cargo ship in 1948. On 11 August 1948, she was registered at the newly established Port of Registry at Karachi.
Fate.
It was scrapped in March 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="31066942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066942" title="Chuyskoe, Kemin">
Chuyskoe, Kemin

Chuyskoe () is a village in the Kemin District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan. 

</doc>
<doc id="31066952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066952" title="Wolfgang Uhle">
Wolfgang Uhle

Wolfgang Uhle (1512 in Elterlein – 7 April 1594 in Breitenbrunn) was a German priest, known as "the Plague Pastor of Annaberg ("Pestpfarrer von Annaberg").
Life.
Wolfgang Uhle was born in 1512 in Elterlein. He was brought up as the son of a burgher in the little town of Elterlein. After finishing school he studied theology at Leipzig and came in contact with the doctrines of the Reformation. In 1542 he was ordained in Wittenberg and took over the deacon's post in Neustädtel (Schneeberg). Thereafter he was the Evangelical priest in Lauterbach, Stollberg and Oberlungwitz. In 1558 he became priest in Clausnitz, where his family bought an estate in 1561.
Legend has it that, during this time, a dispute arose between Uhle and the Clausnitz's corrupt judge, "Ortsrichter" Georg Biber, which escalated in 1563. The pastor, who had had a tendency to become angry since he was young, slew the judge and then fled into the woods to the Bohemian side of the Ore Mountains. In the absence Uhle was sentenced to death for murder by the court ("Halsgericht"). 
Existing sources, however, show no evidence either of the relationship between the minister and the judge, nor the outcome of the judicial process. What is known is that that Bieber was killed on 10 July 1563, as Uhle's successor noted in the Clausnitz's parish records. 
The priest was clearly named as the accused. He initially escaped a "short trial" and then asked for safe conduct from the prince-elector to face a "proper trial". Whether Uhle was convicted of murder at the end of the trial is doubtful. He may have been convicted of manslaughter, or the death of the judge may have been viewed as a case of self-defense or even an accident. 
In 1565 the plague broke out in Annaberg. From Uhle's autobiography published by Gertrude Busch (see below) it is possible that, the following year, but certainly by 1568, Wolfgang Uhle was in Annaberg as the "plague pastor" ("Pestpfarrer"). Legend has it that Uhle offered to work in the town in this role on condition that he was pardoned. The town accepted his offer, as scarcely any other pastor would come forward voluntarily to work in the town which was hit by the disease, and they pleaded on his behalf with the prince-elector. After his pardon by Augustus, Wolfgang Uhle took up his post.
Indeed, the accounts show that Uhle worked from October 1566 until the end of April 1568 in three periods in Annaberg as a priest cariing for the "poisoned people". Despite his constant contact with thode infected, nursing and providing spiritual care to the dying, Uhle was clearly not affected by the disease. Likewise, his successor, Petrus Schüler (or Schiller), who began in 1568, was spared even though, during his time, the epidemic reached its peak. 
His remarkable survival was probably seen as a form of judgement by God on Uhle. Uhle's credibility had been restored and confirmed. Certainly his sacrificial deeds were well-known beyond the town itself, so it was probably not difficult, after having held the office of plague pastor for him to resume a normal job again as a parish priest. From 1568 until his death Uhle worked for 25 years as a pastor in Breitenbrunn which was, at that time, dominated by mining and forestry. There he lived, initially with his wife, who died about 1577/78 after 48 years of marriage. He took care of all the parochial interests and was one of the few in the village who could read and write, he also taught their children. 
On 7 April 1594, the first Sunday after Easter, Uhle suffered a stroke by the altar and died around one o'clock. Whether he was buried in the Breitenbrunn Church or in its associated cemetery is not known. At the edge of the churchyard in Breitenbrunn there is a stone in memory of Wolfgang Uhle. At the site near Clausnitz where the judge died there is also a Pastor Uhle Stone ("Pfarrer-Uhle-Stein").

</doc>
<doc id="31066970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066970" title="Malsawmfela">
Malsawmfela

Malsawmfela (born 3 September 1993 in Aizawl, Mizoram) is an Indian footballer who plays as a forward for Aizawl F.C. in the Mizoram Premier League.
Career.
Pailan Arrows.
After impressing on tour with the India U16 team in England Malsawmfela was signed by Salgaocar of the I-League. However after not playing for the club in the 2009–10 I-League season Malsawmfela signed for Pailan Arrows (the "AIFF XI") who were a new team whose goal was to create a batch of players that would be able to qualify India for the 2018 World Cup in Russia. He scored his first goal for the club on 30 December 2012 against Hindustan Aeronautics Limited S.C. in the 33rd minute to give Pailan a 2–1 victory. He then scored his second goal of the season against Mumbai F.C. on 15 January 2011 in the 9th minute to give Pailan the lead 1–0 but a 95th minute goal from Ebi Sukore meant that Pailan had to settle for a 1–1 draw. He then scored his third goal on 3 April 2011 against HAL SC again at the Bangalore Football Stadium in the 80th minute as Pailan routed HAL 4–0.
While with Arrows, he was loaned out to I-League 2nd Division side DSK Shivajians for the 2013 I-League 2nd Division season.
International.
Malsawmfela started his international career at the under-16 level in 2008 when the under-16 team went out for a camp in the United States and England. The tour of the United States was set up in Charleston, West Virginia where after 25 days of training the India U16 team won six out of the seven match-ups with Malsawmfela coming out as the top-scorer among the other India U16 players with 16 goals. Then in September 2008 the India U16 team started to tour England where they took on the under-16 teams of Everton and Manchester United. In the match against Everton, when India U16s where down 1–0, Malsawmfela scored the equalizer before Everton scored another to result in India U16s losing 2–1. Then when the India U16 team took on Manchester United's under-16 team Malsawmfela scored the opening goal in the 5th minute to give India U16s an early lead before Manchester United U16s took the lead 2–1 into halftime. However Malsawmfela scored the equalizer for India's U16s in the 2nd half as India's U16s went on to draw the match 3–3.
Malsawmfela then made his debut at the under-19s level on 5 November 2009 during the 2010 AFC U-19 Championship qualification against Iraq's U19s where India's U19s lost the match 5–0. Malsawmfela then scored a brace for the India under-19s on 12 November 2009 against Afghanistan U19s in the 48th and 67th minutes of the game as India's U19s went on to win the match 4–1. He then scored a brace in India under-19s next match against Kuwait on 15 November 2009 in the 45th and 56th minutes of the match to give India's under-19s a 3–0 victory. Malsawmfela then rose up the India national levels, when he made his debut for India at the under-23 level during the 2010 Asian Games in South Korea on 7 November 2010 against Kuwait when he came on as a 72nd minute substitute for Jeje Lalpekhlua as India U23s lost the match 2–0.
Malsawmfela then scored his first goal for India at the under-23 level on 23 February 2011 against Myanmar U23s during the first round of the 2012 Olympic qualifiers where India's U23s won 2–1.
Career statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 26 December 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="31066972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066972" title="Mezmaiskaya cave">
Mezmaiskaya cave

Mezmaiskaya Cave ("Мезмайская пещера") is a cave overlooking the right bank of the Sukhoi Kurdzhips (a small tributary of the Kurdzhips River) in the southern Russian Republic of Adygea, located in the northwestern foothills of the North Caucasus in the Caucasus Mountains System. 
Arcaeology.
Neanderthal.
Preliminary excavations in Mezmaiskaya cave recovered Mousterian artefacts, dated to about 35,000 B.P. and older, in the middle of the last glacial period. 
However, a rib fragment from the partial skeleton of a Neanderthal infant found in the cave was radiocarbon-dated to 29,195 ± 965 B.P., and therefore belonging to the latest lived Neanderthals. The value obtained from the bone itself rather than from associated material gives the most reliable date for this individual. 
Ancient DNA was recovered for a mtDNA sequence showing 3.48% divergence from that of the Feldhofer Neanderthal, some 2,500 km to the west in Germany. Phylogenetic analysis places the two in a clade distinct from modern humans, suggesting that their mtDNA types have not contributed to the modern human mtDNA pool.
Fauna.
Faunal remains show a very low degree of weathering, with many bones having traces of stone tool cuts and carnivore modification. The most common large mammals are steppe bison ("Bison priscus"), Caucasian goat ("Capra caucasica"), and Asiatic mouflon ("Ovis orientalis"). Reindeer ("Rangifer tarandus") remains were encountered for the first time in the Caucasus. 
Although most of the smaller vertebrate remains appear to have been accumulated by nonhuman processes (for example, owl predation), the majority of the ungulate remains probably represent animals hunted by the Mousterian era occupants of the cave. 
Geology.
Evidenced recovered from the cave suggests that a Campanian ignimbrite volcanic super-eruption around 40,000 years ago may have been a setback for the Neanderthal, with an as yet only postulated eruption contributing to their demise about 29,000 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="31066996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31066996" title="Yoshitaka Watanabe">
Yoshitaka Watanabe

Yoshitaka Watanabe (渡辺 佳孝, born April 18, 1973) is a Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067001" title="Loosbroek">
Loosbroek

Loosbroek is a village and parish in the southern Netherlands. It is located in the municipality Bernheze, North Brabant. Loosbroek has about 1266 (2011) inhabitants.
Before 1994 the territory of Loosbroek was divided between three municipalities, Nistelrode, Heesch and Heeswijk-Dinther.
History.
In 1648, after the Protestant Reformation, Loosbroek became part of the States of Brabant with the "Meierij van 's-Hertogenbosch". In 1795 the French invaded the Dutch Republic and "freedom of faith" was restored in Loosbroek. In 1814 Loosbroek became part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
On 23 September 1923, two American officers and participants in the Gordon Bennett Cup crashed near Loosbroek when lighting struck their gas balloon. They had departed form Brussels. The gas balloon race was a disaster for three balloons were struck by lightning. Five people died and one person was severely injured.
Until 1898 Loosbroek was part of the parish of Dinther. In that year the village was allowed to start their own parish.
Towns nearby.
Nistelrode, Dinther, Heeswijk, Vorstenbosch, Kaathoven

</doc>
<doc id="31067010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067010" title="Alberto Lizzio">
Alberto Lizzio

__notoc__
Alberto Lizzio (30 May 1926, Merano – 22 October 1999, Dresden) was a pseudonym invented by record producer and conductor Alfred Scholz which Scholtz attached to older performances, often conducted by Hans Swarowsky, Milan Horvat, Carl Melles or himself.
Biography.
Scholz wrote a fictitious biography of Lizzio, claiming he was born in Merano, South Tyrol, studied violin, composition and conducting in Milan, Lombardy, and that his second wife, with whom he had a son, died in 1980 in a car accident in which Lizzio was severely injured.

</doc>
<doc id="31067011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067011" title="Indian Air Force Test Pilot School">
Indian Air Force Test Pilot School

The Aircraft & Systems Testing Establishment (ASTE) is a unit of the Indian Air Force (IAF) that evaluates aircraft and systems for induction into user organisations. Most new aircraft types and major airborne systems must have ASTE's stamp of approval to be considered fit for service in India. While many countries have testing facilities of one kind or the other, training of flight test personnel is not often imparted in them. ASTE's Air Force Test Pilots School (AFTPS) is only the fifth such institution in the world.
History.
Since India's independence, the IAF has been actively involved in defending territorial boundaries. In 1948, the IAF acquired its first jet fighter type, the de Havilland Vampire, and the Aircraft Testing Unit (ATU) was raised under the command of Wg Cdr H Moolgavkar to accept and test these aircraft. By the early 1950s, IAF felt the need to expand its aircraft holdings. The ageing fleet of Vampires, Toofanis and Mysteres were required to be upgraded and eventually replaced, to meet fresh challenges. Indian aviation industry, in the form of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), was already being provided highly skilled pilots by IAF for flight test duties. Anticipating the need for an indigenous flight-testing capability, and to launch flight testing in India on a formal footing, IAF sent two pilots to the Empire Test Pilots' School in October 1949. These pilots were followed by several others in succeeding years and they formed the core group in the establishment of the Aircraft and Armament Testing Unit (A&ATU) Kanpur, a precursor to ASTE.
On 9 December 1970, keeping pace with its expanding field of activity, the Commanding Officer's post at A&ATU was further upgraded to Group Captain, and Group Captain Kapil Bhargava VM was appointed to fill this prestigious slot. The next two years saw an increase in avionics systems trials like IFF, V/UHF sets, gun sights, FR cameras etc., in addition to armament and airframe testing. The unit's role was growing and on 23 August 1972, A&ATU was reorganised as Aircraft and Systems Testing Establishment (ASTE).
In 1984, two officers of ASTE, Wg Cdr Ravish Malhotra and Sqn Ldr Rakesh Sharma achieved celebrity status, when they were selected to undergo training for the Indo-Soviet joint space venture. On 3 Apr 1984, Sqn Ldr Rakesh Sharma was launched into space in a SOYUZ T -11 along with his Soviet counterparts.
His Excellency Dr A. P. J. Abdul Kalam, the President of India, presented the 'Presidential Standard' to ASTE on 21 Nov 2005.
Flight evaluations.
Indian Air Force test pilots, along with a Flight Test Engineer, were killed when the second prototype Saras aircraft crashed and caught fire in an open field near Bangalore. A court of inquiry found that wrong engine relight drills given to the pilots caused the crash.
The year 1957 brought further challenges to A&ATU in the form of Gnat evaluation. Gnat aircraft had not yet been fully evaluated in UK when the task of evaluating this compact fighter for tropical conditions was assigned to A&ATU.
A&ATU geared up to meet this new task by setting up various sections and Flight test instrumentation laboratories. Within next three months, many test-handling sorties were flown and a detailed report - the first of many full fledged reports generated by the unit was submitted to the Government.
After the Gnat evaluation, the unit was busy with trials on Vampire, Mystere and Hunter aircraft In 1961, a team from Boscombe Down UK, arrived for tropical trials on the Saunders Roe P-53C Scout helicopter, giving A&ATU its first exposure to rotary wing testing. Trials on a de Havilland Canada Otter soon followed, adding transport flying expertise to the repertoire. The next major evaluation for A&ATU came up in 1964. Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Bangalore had developed the first indigenous fighter aircraft HF-24 Marut, which was to be evaluated. In 1964, A&ATU also carried out trials on Krishak aircraft.
The late 1960s were productive years for the indigenous aviation industry. A&ATU was tasked with preview and evaluation trials for HJT-16 Hindustan Jet Trainer (Kiran), Indian variants of Alouette helicopter, Chetak and Cheetah, and Marut developmental test programme. In addition, the unit carried out trials on HS748 (AVRO) medium transport aircraft, which was thereafter inducted into IAF.
Jaguar aircraft were inducted into IAF in 1980. Along with it came technology transfer and a licence for manufacture in India. HAL and ASTE once more became the centre stage for developmental trials on advanced avionics, low-end electronic systems like the radio altimeter, VHF communication sets and other instruments.
During November 1980, Air Commodore P Singh, the Commandant of ASTE, led an IAF delegation to France for evaluation of Mirage 2000. In the next year Air Cmde P Singh led yet another delegation to the USSR for evaluation and acquisition of MiG-27 and MiG-23 aircraft. In the same year, Wg Cdr P Rajkumar, Wg Cdr Parab and Fit Lt AMS Kahlon completed flight evaluation of the An-32. This aircraft was to become the backbone of IAF's tactical transport operations from then on.
Crest.
The ASTE crest shows a futuristic aircraft carrying guided weapons ringed by an ellipse. A slide-rule is superimposed on the fuselage of the aircraft The slide-rule portrays precision and accuracy needed during flight-testing. It also signifies the aspects of technical knowledge and training involved in producing test pilots and test engineers. The missiles represent armament that forms the major preoccupation of ASTE as a defence services establishment. The ring portrays significant aspects of the role of ASTE. First of all, it depicts the sighting ring of a gun sight, which symbolises not only the involvement of ASTE with armament, but also its concern for constant vigil on correct aims and objectives. Secondly, it symbolises the aiming circles provided on the ground targets as seen from the air and signifies the need for accuracy of results to be obtained during flight testing. The crest also symbolises the aspirations and ambitions of ASTE in involving itself with the country's future plans in the realm of aerospace, The words 'Aircraft and Systems Testing Establishment' and 'Indian Air Force' are inscribed on the roundel in a light blue background. The 'Ashok Stambh' heads the crest and laurel leaves surround the crest. The motto printed on the crest "Sukshamta Avum Utkarsh", means "Precision and Excellence", two invariable and steadfast goals to which ASTE aims, in everything it does.

</doc>
<doc id="31067031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067031" title="Cornelius Van de Ven">
Cornelius Van de Ven

Cornelius Van de Ven (June 16, 1865 – May 8, 1932) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Alexandria in Louisiana, Louisiana.
Biography.
Born in Oirschot in the Netherlands, Van de Ven was ordained into the priesthood for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New Orleans on May 31, 1890. Rev. Cornelius van de Ven served as the founding pastor of the parish of Our Lady Help of Christians, which was established on Dec. 7, 1891, in Jennings, Louisiana. Pastor Van de Ven was also responsible for chapels or stations at Lake Arthur, Welsh, Mermentau and Point-aux-Loups (later to be known as Iota, La.), across southwest Louisiana. Father van de Ven’s pastorate in Jennings was brief. In 1892, he was called to Lake Charles, Louisiana, as pastor of the “mother parish,” Immaculate Conception, now the seat of the Diocese of Lake Charles, administering Catholic parishes in much of the southwestern part of the state. On October 24, 1904, he was appointed bishop of the Natchitoches Diocese and was ordained bishop on November 30, 1904. On August 6, 1910 the name of the Natichitoches Diocese was changed to the Diocese of Alexandria in Louisiana. Bishop Van de Ven died in office.

</doc>
<doc id="31067035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067035" title="Saulo Estevao da Costa Pimenta">
Saulo Estevao da Costa Pimenta

Saulo Estevao da Costa Pimenta (born April 11, 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067038" title="Nampally, Nalgonda">
Nampally, Nalgonda

Nampally () is a mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Timber Merchant.
Sri Venkateshwara Saw Mill and Timber Depot
Villages.
The villages in Nampally mandal include Bandlagudam, Banda Thimmapoor, Chamalapally, Chittempad, Damera, Devathpally, Gatla Mallepally, Ketapalli, Mahamadapur, Mallapurajpally, Mellavai, Mustipally, Nampally, Narsimhuluguda, Nerellapally, Pasnoor, Peddapur, Ramdas Thanda, Reveeli, S. Lingotam, Tpgouraram, Thummalapally, chittam pahad, Uppariguda Vaddepally, Thungapahad, Hydhalapuram, Laxmanapuram, Boyagudem and Thirumalagiri...
References.
Its a 80 Km apx distance from hyd.if a person wants to travel by road below one is the best path to reach nampally.
L.B.nagar->Sagar Ring Road->Hastinapuram->B.N.Reddy>Ibrahim patnam>Yacharam->Mall->Marriguda->Lingotam->vaddepally->Chittampahad->Nampally

</doc>
<doc id="31067044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067044" title="Sherzod Karimov">
Sherzod Karimov

Sherzod Karimov (, born 26 January 1989) is an Uzbekistan footballer currently playing for FC Pakhtakor Tashkent as a Midfielder.
Career.
Karimov has played for Shayxontohur Toshkent, Qizilqum Zarafshon, and currently FC Pakhtakor Tashkent. Karimov scored an important goal for Pakhtakor in the opening 2011 Asian Champions League group game against Al-Nassr of Saudi Arabia. The game finished 2-2. He moved to Chinese Super League side Qingdao Jonoon on a one-year loan deal on 28 February 2013. However, he failed to establish himself within the team and played 6 league matches (146 minutes in total, all coming on as a substitute) for Qingdao. On 22 May 2013, he scored a goal in the third round of 2013 Chinese FA Cup which Qingdao Jonoon beat second tier club Harbin Yiteng 5-2. He returned to Pakhtakor Tashkent in June 2013.
International career.
Karimov has represented Uzbekistan at 4 different international levels, U-19, U-20, U-23 and senior team.

</doc>
<doc id="31067054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067054" title="Momodu Mutairu">
Momodu Mutairu

Momodu Mutairu (born September 2, 1976) is a former Nigerian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067065" title="Almaluu, Kemin">
Almaluu, Kemin

Almaluu () is a village in the Kemin District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.

</doc>
<doc id="31067066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067066" title="Kyrgyzstani presidential referendum, 1994">
Kyrgyzstani presidential referendum, 1994

A referendum on President Askar Akayev was held in Kyrgyzstan on 30 January 1994. Voters were asked "Do you confirm that the President of Kyrgyzstan who was democratically elected on 12 October 1991 for 5 years is the President of the Kyrgyz Republic with the right to act as head of state during his term in office?" The result was 97.0% in favour, with turnout reported to be 96.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="31067092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067092" title="Jeanie Forrester">
Jeanie Forrester

Jeanie Forrester is a Republican member of the New Hampshire Senate, representing the 2nd district since 2010. A businesswoman by trade, Forrester sits on the Finance and Public/Municipal Affairs committees.
Personal.
Forrester was born in Michigan and moved to New Hampshire in 1985. After her graduation from the University of New Hampshire, she went to work for then-Governor John H. Sununu. During this time, Forrester juggled work and further education, eventually earning a Masters in Business Administration from the Whittemore School of Business and Economics.
Political Experience.
Jeanie Forrester has had the following political experience:
Current Legislative Committees.
Jeanie Forrester has been a member of the following committees:
Professional Experience.
Jeanie Forrester has had the following professional experience:
2010 election.
Forrester announced her candidacy on April 8, 2010. In the Republican primary in September, she bested then-State Representative Fran Wendelboe by 911 votes. On election day, which saw a Republican sweep at the state level, Forrester defeated her Democratic opponent, State Senator Deborah Reynolds.

</doc>
<doc id="31067096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067096" title="Citrullinated protein">
Citrullinated protein

Citrullinated protein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31067126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067126" title="Taisuke Hiramoto">
Taisuke Hiramoto

Taisuke Hiramoto (born November 21, 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067127" title="Kyrgyzstani constitutional referendum, 1994">
Kyrgyzstani constitutional referendum, 1994

A constitutional referendum was held in Kyrgyzstan on 22 October 1994. Voters were asked questions on two topics:
Both were approved by almost 90% of voters, with turnout reported to be 86.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="31067128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067128" title="Anthophila alpinella">
Anthophila alpinella

Anthophila alpinella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found from the north-eastern United States and southern Canada to British Columbia, the Rocky Mountains, and along the Pacific Coast to Marin County.
The forewings are cream with heavy brown dusting. There is more solid brown shading present in antemedial line, the inner edge of the postmedial line and the terminal area. The antemedial line has a sharp outward jut in the middle. The postmedial line is cream, most obvious at the apex and also has a sharp outward jut above the middle and a smaller one just below it. The fringe is white with brown at the anal angle, middle and apex. The hindwings are even brown, but slightly darker towards the outer margin, with a white spot or line near the anal angle and a mostly white fringe. The head and thorax are the same as the ground colour of the forewings. The abdomen is even brown, but paler at the end of each segment.
In Canada, adults have been recorded from early June to early July and in September.
The larvae feed on "Urtica" species, including "Urtica dioica". They form a web at the tip of a leaf of their host plant. Larvae can be found in April, July and August.

</doc>
<doc id="31067165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067165" title="Come to Me (Ricky Martin song)">
Come to Me (Ricky Martin song)

"Come to Me" is the second single from Ricky Martin's album "The Best of Ricky Martin". Originally, the song was included on the 2000 album "Sound Loaded".
"Come to Me" was released on March 4, 2002 in selected countries.
The song reached number ninety-two in the Netherlands.
"Sound Loaded" also includes the Spanish-language version of "Come to Me", called "Ven a Mí".
Formats and track listings.
European CD single

</doc>
<doc id="31067175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067175" title="Sladkovo">
Sladkovo

Sladkovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="31067177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067177" title="Kyrgyzstani constitutional referendum, 1996">
Kyrgyzstani constitutional referendum, 1996

A constitutional referendum was held in Kyrgyzstan on 10 February 1996. Voters were asked "Do you approve the law of the Kyrgyz Republic "On amendments and additions of the Constitution of the Kyrgyz Republic," a draft which was published in the Decree of the President of the Kyrgyz Republic on 3 January 1996?"
It was approved by 98.6% of voters, with turnout reported to be 96.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="31067183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067183" title="Ridgeway High School">
Ridgeway High School

Ridgeway High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31067187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067187" title="Jun Wada">
Jun Wada

Jun Wada (和田 潤, born November 28, 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067243" title="Caloreas leucobasis">
Caloreas leucobasis

Caloreas leucobasis is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in North America, including Oregon, Quebec, Ontario, Alberta and California.
The forewings have a distinctive cream base. Beyond the base, they are heavily marked with black spots and bluish scaling. The median area and terminal line have chocolate brown shading and some cream is visible in postmedial area. The fringe is brownish. The hindwings are warm brown, but slightly darker toward the outer margin. The fringe is paler brown. The head and thorax are cream and the abdomen is brown with light scales at the end of each segment.
In Canada, adults have been recorded from mid May to early July.

</doc>
<doc id="31067245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067245" title="Alex (footballer born 1976)">
Alex (footballer born 1976)

Alex (born April 20, 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067249" title="Freedom of Religion in Canada, Adventist History">
Freedom of Religion in Canada, Adventist History

Freedom of religion in Canada is a constitutionally protected right, allowing residents the freedom to assemble and worship as each sees fit without coercion, limitation or interference. The Seventh Day Adventist Church's minority status increased its sensitivity to religious freedom early in its history. Shortly after its birth in 1860, the American Civil War and later "Sunday legislation" in the 1880s and 1890s raised concerns about religious liberty. That sensitivity accompanied the church's expansion into Canada.
1904, Lornedale Academy Workers Arrested for Violating Sunday Law.
The September 1, 1904 edition of "The Messenger (Adventist newspaper)" reported:
The defense attorney failed to appear at the trial. Sweeten did not want to proceed without his attorney. However, the Crown attorney demanded his pay for the day plus compensation for the large number of witnesses he had called. Sweeten relented and the trial began. Eugene Leland helped present a defense of the two men's "not guilty" plea. As the trial proceeded, the witnesses were unclear as to what they had seen. "The only witness put on the stand who could bear positive testimony was a memher of the S. D. Adventist church, a young girl who had been employed at the farm picking berries, who reluctantly testified that Bro. Sweeten was in the patch on the day specified and was carrying berries."
Leland's defense was that the 1845 law did not include "farmers". Both Boettger and Sweeten testified that they were farmers. Leland concluded his defense by stating some principles involved in Sunday laws in general and showing that there was no Biblical authority requiring Sunday observance. The Magistrate made remarks that convinced the men that they would be convicted. He expressed sympathy for "this people" because he believed they were sincere, but he "did not believe that anybody had a right to set a day apart different from the majority of people, on which to worship, but should conform to the day on which the majority worshipped." The trial was adjourned until the August 25th for a decision.
The September 8, 1904 edition of the Review and Herald reported, "ELDER EUGENE LELAND writes us from Lorne Park, Ontario, under date of August 26, that Brother Charles Sweeten, manager of the Lornedale Academy farm, and Brother Fred Boettger, a student in the academy, have been arrested and fined five dollars each and costs, with the alternative of a term in the county jail, for the same crime (?) of having failed to observe Sunday as the Sabbath."
1906, The Lord's Day Act.
The Lord's Day Act, which since 1906 had prohibited business transactions from taking place on Sundays, was struck down as unconstitutional in the 1985 case R. v. Big M Drug Mart Ltd. Calgary police officers witnessed several transactions on a Sunday at the Big M Drug Mart. Big M was charged with violating the Lord's Day Act. A provincial court ruled that the Act was unconstitutional, but the Crown appealed all the way to the Supreme Court of Canada. In a unanimous 6-0 decision, the Lord's Day Act was ruled an infringement of the freedom of conscience and religion defined in section 2(a) of the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
Apocalyptic View of Sunday Legislation.
Canadian Seventh-day Adventists saw apocalyptic foreshadowing in Sunday law. Seventh-day Adventists teach that the command to worship the image of the beast found in Revelation 13 predicts Sunday observance legislation at the end of the Earth's history.
One writer said it this way:
"Incidentally, this Sunday law that is imminent is not anything unusual. It was the same law that was proclaimed by Constantine in the year 321 A.D. And to Constantine can be traced the mating of secular and ecclesiastical interests that culminated in the despotism of the Dark Ages. It is this union that will plunge us into the final conflict. We cannot say how the final events will come upon us in this part of the world. But it is soon to come. We must be prepared spiritually to face any conflict that the enemy may bring to us.
"How? First, we must proclaim in certain tones the fast-fulfilling signs of the end. We should not invite persecution in any form by unduly stressing our peculiarities and differences, but only show others by our life that we are dedicated to truth—in all areas. We must avoid anti-other-religious and "holier-than-thou" attitudes. Our message proclaims love for God and our fellow men. We must exercise tolerance and kindness among ourselves within our own church and practise religious liberty toward those of different faiths. Above all, we should be ready at all times."
Adventist Lobbying Efforts.
Seventh-day Adventists vigorously opposed the Lord's Day Act as it was being formulated.
The Canadian Union Messenger, April 1, 1904:
Response to the Newspapers.
As Canadians agitated for or against the proposed legislation, the newspapers joined the debate. The January 11, 1906 edition of the church's Canadian Union Messenger led with an article titled, "The 'Globe' and the Lord's Day." The Messenger editor reported on the Toronto Daily Globe's coverage saying that the Globe referred to those opposed Sunday legislation as "mockers". He asserted that the Globe was appealing to "the prejudices of the vulgar" rather than "the sober intelligence of candid men."
Petition Signatures.
A. O. Burrill, the president of the Ontario Conference, said that the average person did not want stricter Sunday laws. He and other Adventists went person to person inviting them to sign a petition opposing the law. He asked each individual if they wanted stricter Sunday laws. If the person said, "No", he asked them to sign the petition. Most agreed. Afterwards, he would gave them a tract.
Meeting with Prime Minister Laurier.
On January 18, 1906, W. H. Thurston, President of the Canadian Union Conference, H. E. Rickard, a Quebec pastor, A. O. Burrill, President of the Ontario Conference and Eugene Leland, editor of the Canadian Union Messenger, met with the Canadian Prime Minister Wilfrid Laurier and with the Minister of Justice, Mr Kirpatrick. They presented a brief setting forth the Adventists' reasons for objecting to the law. Neither politician commented on the brief.
Later that day, a public meeting was held in Ottawa's St. George's Hall but attendance was poor. The meeting appeared in Ottawa papers.
A Failed Amendment.
On April 19, 1906, at a public hearing on the bill, Mayor Folinsbee, of Strathroy, spoke on behalf of those who observed the seventh-day, or Saturday. As a result, the government adopted the following amendment:
In response to this amendment, the Toronto Methodist Conference sent a telegram to Prime Minister Laurier stating:
Lord's Day Alliance.
In 1901, the various Sunday-observance organizations united to form a Canada-wide, non-denominational lobby group called the "Lord's Day Alliance". Presbyterian minister John George Shearer, with Methodist and evangelical Anglican support, led the alliance to persuade the government of Canada to pass the Lord's Day Act of 1906. "Under Methodist minister T. Albert Moore , the alliance grew into a powerful inter-denominational lobby group, with provincial field secretaries reporting on Sunday activities and prosecutions and instigating Sunday controversies in each province."
Adventists observed the Seventh-day as the Sabbath placing themselves at variance with the Alliance leadership.
Another letter was sent to the management of the Academy:
Dear Sir: An effort was made when the Parliament was enacting the law, to have people who observe Saturday as the Sabbath exempted from the operations of the Lord's Day Act under certain limitations. But Parliament refused to adopt such a clause. All citizens of Canada are brought under the operations of the law. The people who observe Saturday, and the people who observe Friday, and the people who observe Wednesday,as well as the people who observe Sunday as their day for rest and worship, are all by the Canadian laws commanded that they shall not carry on their ordinary labor or business on the Lord's day. You are expected to observe that law, if you intend to reside in Canada. We shall always seek to enforce this law justly and reasonably, but we desire it to be distinctly understood that the people who reside in Canada must be obedient thereto. We are not robbing any one of one day each week by insistence of obedience to the Lord's Day Act. Every person who dwells in Canada knows the laws in regard to this matter, and also, that to enjoy the advantages of residence in this country each person must obey these laws. Yours faithfully, T. Albert Moore."
Brantford Adventist School.
In the fall of 1916 Brantford city officials tried to close the Adventist church school there. In October, the truant officer served two of the parents with a summons to answer a truancy charge for not sending their children to the public school. When they appeared in court a lay justice of the peace presided. The school inspector and the truancy officer tried for an immediate decision against the parents, but the judge adjourned the case for one week.
Meanwhile, M. N. Campbell, the president of the church's Eastern Canadian region, returned from a meeting in Washington D.C. He advised the members involved to get a "first class solicitor" to represent them. At the next hearing, the regular judge presided. He was severe in his criticism of the school and the two parents. The judge, chief of police, school inspector and truant officer were all against the school. Teacher Myrtle Patten testified concerning her qualifications and the character of her work. The judge was inclined to dismiss the charges, but at the request of the truancy office and police chief he adjourned the case once more.
At the close of the hearing Campbell had a personal talk with the judge. He explained to him the Adventist educational system and the reasons why Adventists maintained separate schools. He gave the judge a copy of General Conference Bulletin No. 14 which outlined the curriculum for the church's elementary schools. This conversation had a favorable effect. The judge expressed surprise concerning the character and extent of the Adventist educational system. At the final hearing all objections to the Adventist school were withdrawn and the case was dismissed.
Military Service.
The following is an extract from the Military Service Act, Chapter 19, of the Statutes of Canada, 1917, commonly called the Conscription Act, dealing with applications for exemption: "Section 2, Sub. Sec. 1. Every male British subject who comes within one of the classes described in Section 3 of this act, and who is ordinarily resident in Canada; or, (b) has been at any time since the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred fourteen, resident in Canada, shall be liable to be called out as heretofore provided on active service in the Canadian expeditionary force for the defense of Canada, either in or beyond Canada, unless he (a) comes within the exemptions set out in the schedule ...
"Sec. II, Sub. Sec. 1. At any time before a date to be fixed in the proclamation mentioned in Sec. 4, an application may be made, by or in respect of any man in the class or subclass called out by such proclamation, to a local tribunal established in the province in which such man ordinarily resides, for a certificate of exemption on any of the following grounds: ...
"(f) That he conscientiously objects to the undertaking of combatant service and is prohibited from so doing by the tenets and articles of faith, in effect on the sixth day of July, nineteen hundred and seventeen, of any organized religious denomination existing and well recognized in Canada at such date, and to which he in good faith belongs; and if any of the grounds of such application be established, a certificate of exemption shall be granted to such man."
"Sub. Sec. 2. (a) A certificate may be conditional as to time or otherwise, and, if granted solely on conscientious grounds, shall state that such exemption is from combat service only... " 
World Calendar Reform.
In 1930 Elisabeth Achelis proposed a change to calendars known as World Calendar that would have changed the weekly pattern of days, meaning that the Sabbath would no longer occur on a fixed day of the week. The United States opposed the plan. Seventh-day Adventists expressed their opposition to any calendar which altered the weekly cycle. In 1955, the Fifth Quadrennial Session voted its opposition to the change.

</doc>
<doc id="31067255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067255" title="Samuel José da Silva Vieira">
Samuel José da Silva Vieira

Samuel José da Silva Vieira (born 14 October 1974) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Bahia de Feira. Samuel spent his early career in Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, then moved to Perugia of Italian first division before spent rest of his career in Brazilian lower divisions.
Biography.
Bahia.
Born in Coração de Maria, Bahia state, Samuel made his Campeonato Brasileiro Série A debut on 28 August 1994, for Esporte Clube Bahia. Since then he played 40 times in Campeonato Brasileiro Série A. He followed the team relegated to 1998 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
Caxias do Sul.
He played the first 3 games of 2001 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
Perugia.
In August 2001 he left for Italian Serie A club Perugia. He made his league debut on 28 October 2001 (round 9), winning Piacenza 1–0. He replaced Sean Sogliano in the first half. Samuel made his first start in the next round. He also played for the team in 2001–02 Coppa Italia.
Return to Brazil.
In February 2003 he returned to Brazil for Criciúma. In March he left for Santa Cruz. He then left for Caxias do Sul. In 2004 he was the starting defender of Caxias do Sul, only missed round 8 to 10 and round 20, which 2 of them were automatic suspension for third and sixth caution (yellow card) of the season. Samuel renewed his contract with Caxias do Sul on 16 December 2004 for another year. He played the first 8 matches of 2005 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B as starting defender and again in round 11 and 12. On 25 July 2005 he left for União São João until the end of 2005 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which he played the first 3 rounds of the league.
On 7 December 2005 he was signed by Glória until the end of 2006 Campeonato Gaúcho. On 23 August 2006 he left for CFZ do Rio, for a playoffs round to qualify for 2007 Campeonato Carioca. CFZ exited in the first round. On 21 September 2006 he was signed by CRB, played 6 out of last 9 games of 2006 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
Late career.
In January 2007 he left for Tupi until the end of 2007 Campeonato Mineiro, which he was the starting defender in the first 6 games. He then played for São José de Porto Alegre in 2008 and 2009 Campeonato Gaúcho, however he did not contracted to play in 2008 and 2009 Copa FGF of the second half of year. In 2010 he left for Atlético de Alagoinhas until the end of 2010 Campeonato Baiano. On 13 January 2011, he was signed by Bahia de Feira.

</doc>
<doc id="31067263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067263" title="Adform">
Adform

Adform is a Danish-based digital advertising software company. The company is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, and as of 2012 has offices in Sweden, Norway, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Poland, the Czech Republic, Spain, Finland, Portugal, the Netherlands and the UK.
History.
Foundation.
Adform was founded in 2002 in Copenhagen, Denmark, by Gustav Mellentin (current CEO), Jakob Bak (current CTO) and Stefan Juricic (current CPO). The company focuses on banner advertising for media buyers. This product was developed in close cooperation with leading media agencies in the region. In 2003, Adform signed GroupM in Denmark and became the official ad-serving partner for both MediaCom and MindShare.
With time the platform grew to encompass a number of applications such as ad serving, media planning, site tracking, rich media and advanced reporting.
International Expansion.
In 2005 the company started to expand its client base to Norway and Finland. After launching an office in Stockholm in 2007, Adform made inroads into the Swedish market. Today Sweden is Adform’s biggest market for sales and client services in the group.
The first Adform office outside Denmark was in Lithuania. The founders were introduced to talented system developers in Vilnius back in 2006 and decided to set up an office there. Today all development work is handled in the Vilnius office, which is by far the largest office in the Adform Group, centralising several other vital functions such as customer services, finance and human resources management.
In 2009 Adform opened an office in London, and Gustav Mellentin, the co-founder and CEO of the company, moved there. Since then, the company has successfully grown its international footprint and today has 12 offices across Europe.
Markets.
Adform is the leader in the Scandinavian market and sales are rapidly increasing in other European countries. The company has offices in the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and the UK.
Adform’s main clients are top media agencies and large advertisers like Coca-Cola, P&G, Volkswagen, Orange, Telia, etc. As of 2012, the company has delivered campaigns for over 3,062 clients across 7,542 global web publishers in more than 35 countries.
Partnerships.
Adform has business partnerships with Google AdWords, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, Microsoft Advertising, EPiServer, AppNexus, Alchemy Social, and many others.
Awards and Recognition.
Gazelle Award.
In April 2009 Adform was selected for the Danish Gazelle Growth Program, which aims to help innovative Danish companies realize their potential in the global market. Adform was named as a Gazelle company in 2009 and 2010 by the Danish newspaper Børsen. The award is given to one of Denmark’s fastest growing companies, which have achieved continuous growth in revenue or gross profit for the last four financial years, and which have, in total, more than doubled revenues or gross profits in the period."

</doc>
<doc id="31067269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067269" title="Omalisus fontisbellaquaei">
Omalisus fontisbellaquaei

Omalisus fontisbellaquaei is a species of beetle belonging to the family Omalisidae.
These beetles are mainly present in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Italy, Switzerland and in the Near East.
The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered in late Spring usually in damp meadows. Their body is black, while elytra are reddish, with a longitudinal dark stripe. The larvae live at the expense of the snails.

</doc>
<doc id="31067273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067273" title="Christopher Tanner">
Christopher Tanner

Christopher Champain Tanner (24 June 1908 – 22 May 1941) was a Barbarians and England Rugby Union international. He was posthumously awarded the Albert Medal for assisting in the rescue of around 30 sailors in World War II
A Chaplain with the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve in World War II he was awarded the Albert Medal for his work in attempting to save fellow shipmates when HMS Fiji was sunk during the Battle of Crete. He succumbed to his exhaustion and died as soon as he was able to board HMS Kandahar

</doc>
<doc id="31067284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067284" title="St Mary at the Quay Church, Ipswich">
St Mary at the Quay Church, Ipswich

St Mary at the Quay Church, Ipswich, is a redundant Anglican church in Ipswich, Suffolk, England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It originally served the thriving industry around the docks. The area then became run down but has more recently been redeveloped, with the dock being converted into a marina.
History.
St Mary's was built between about 1450 and 1550, possibly on the site of an earlier church, in the dockland area of the town, the centre of the merchant community. It was one of twelve medieval churches in Ipswich, and one of three mariners' churches. At this time it was probably known as Stella Maris (Our Lady, Star of the Sea). During the 18th century the focus of economic activity moved away from the dockland area, and the size of the congregation declined. Over the years, flooding of the church has caused structural problems and, in an attempt to prevent this, the vaults were filled with concrete during the 19th century. In 1940–42 during the Second World War, the church was damaged by bombs, and most of the stained glass was lost.
After the war the church closed for worship. In the 1990s repairs to it were organised by the Friends of Friendless Churches, and it was then used as the headquarters of Ipswich's Boys' Brigade. When they left the church, it closed again, and was vested in the Churches Conservation Trust in 1973. By this time most of the furnishings and contents had been removed. The Trust has organised structural repairs to the church, in particular to deal with the flooding, as the salt water was causing decay of the columns of the arcades. During the 2000s the church was a venue for conceptual art exhibitions and performances. For a time it was home to an arts organisation known as Key Arts. As of 2010 there are plans for the church to be converted into a mental health wellbeing centre, run by Suffolk Mind, assisted by a grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Architecture.
The church is constructed in flint with stone dressings. Its plan includes a nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, transepts, and a west tower. The tower has diagonal buttresses decorated with flushwork, and an embattled parapet. Its architectural style is Perpendicular.
Inside the church, the nave has a double hammerbeam roof, with carvings of the apostles, important figures in Ipswich history, and other designs. In the church is a 15th-century octagonal font. The font had been removed to a church at Brantham, but has been returned. Also in the church are the tomb and brass of Henry Tooley, who built the almshouses nearby, and a copy of the Pownder brass. Thomas Pounder (or Pownder), like Henry Tooley, was an Ipswich merchant. The original of the brass is in Ipswich Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31067291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067291" title="Masahide Kawamoto">
Masahide Kawamoto

Masahide Kawamoto (川元 正英, born June 21, 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067323" title="Antonio Ferrandis">
Antonio Ferrandis

Antonio Ferrandis Monrabal (28 February 1921 – 16 October 2000) was a Spanish actor, remembered especially for his character "Chanquete."
Biography.
Born on 28 February 1921 in Paterna, province of Valencia, after the Civil War he was a teacher since he began his studies in teaching, although his true passion would be the theatre His first role on stage was in "Oedipus", co-starring with Francisco Rabal in 1950. In his younger days highlighted in several films. Years later was one of the great protagonists of Spanish cinema. Known for playing "Chanquete" in the television series "Verano azul" in 1981. He died on 16 October 2000 in Valencia Chiron hospital at 79 years old. Ten years after his death, on 15 October 2010, his home town, Paterna, paid homage to a documentary of his life in the theater that bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="31067324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067324" title="Kossa Bokchan">
Kossa Bokchan

Kossa Bokchan (Serbian Cyrillic Косара Бокшан, January 1, 1925, Berlin - November 21, 2009, Belgrade) was a Serbian painter who lived in Paris. She married Petar OmAiikus (Pierre Omcikous).
Education.
in 1928, when Bokchan was three, her parents moved to Belgrade. During World War II, as a teen, she studied painting with Mladen Josić and in 1944, at the studio of Zora Petrović. Afterwards, Bokchan enrolled at the Academy of Fine Arts in Belgrade, in the class of Ivan Tabaković. Others in the class included, Petar Omčikus (Bokchan's future husband), Mića Popović, Bata Mihailović, Vera Božičković, Ljubinka Jovanović and Mileta Andrejević.
Career.
In 1947, Bokchan joined a post-war Yugoslav art commune, "Zadarska grupa" (Zadar's group). Bokchan first exhibited her work in 1950. Her first solo exhibition was 1952. Bokchan then moved to Paris with Petar Omčikus. She made Paris her home and had her first exhibition there in 1954. From 1960, she made regular summer trips to Vela Luka on Korčula. Bokchan has exhibited in Lille, Paris, Strasbourg, Rome, Nancy, Novi Sad, Niš, Zagreb, Skopje and Titograd. The Museum of Contemporary Art in Belgrade held a Bokchan retrospective in 2001. From 5 March 2010 to 27 April 2010, the Serbian cultural centre in the Latin quarter of Paris held a Bokchan retrospective. Bokchan was also published as an illustrator. 
Art.
Kossa Bokchan's painting has changed over time. One early stage was her transition from socialist realism to genres outside that dogma such as landscapes and portraits. This was evident in her first exhibition. She also moved away from genres taught at the Academy which she described as "still life and skeletons".
Bokchan's style belongs to the school of expressive realism. Her move to Paris began her stylistic journey towards contemporary art trends, especially geometric and lyrical abstraction and from there towards the informal. 
After 1961, Bokchan returned to realism as determined by 'The Paris School'. Michel Ragon, art historian, suggested this was a type of abstract naturalism. 
Bokchan's art is also influenced by the Byzantine tradition. Bokchan transforms mythical symbols into artistic expression.

</doc>
<doc id="31067325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067325" title="Karl Kruuda">
Karl Kruuda

Karl Kruuda (born 31 December 1992) is an Estonian rally driver.
Career.
In 2010 World Rally Championship season he drove Suzuki Swift S1600. His best result of the year was 2nd place in Junior World Rally Championship at 2010 Rally de Portugal.
Kruuda drove Škoda Fabia S2000 in 2011. He also took part in couple of IRC events.
Personal.
His father is a well-known businessman Oliver Kruuda.

</doc>
<doc id="31067326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067326" title="Dominique Walter">
Dominique Walter

Dominique Walter (born Dominique Gruère, 22 May 1942) is a French singer. He was born in Paris and is the son of singer Michèle Arnaud.

</doc>
<doc id="31067330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067330" title="Mike Feniger">
Mike Feniger

Mike Feniger is a retired American soccer player.
In 1993, Feniger graduated from Cumberland Valley High School. He attended East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania where he was a 1994, 1995 and 1996 First Team Division II All American soccer player. He holds the team's career records in goals (76) and assists (37). In 2010, East Stroudsburg inducted Feniger into the school's athletic hall of fame.
In December 1996, the Philadelphia KiXX picked Feniger in the first round (second overall) of the National Professional Soccer League draft. On February 1, 1997, the Colorado Rapids selected him in the third round (twenty-first overall) of the 1997 MLS College Draft. Four days later, the Hershey Wildcats picked him in the first round of the USISL A-League draft. The Rapids released him during the pre-season and Feniger signed with the Wildcats. He played five seasons with the Wildcats until the team folded following the 2001 season. On October 19, 2001, he signed with the Harrisburg Heat of the second Major Indoor Soccer League. On December 23, 2003, he became one of the three players to sign with the expansion Harrisburg City Islanders.

</doc>
<doc id="31067331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067331" title="Muhammad al-Gharbi Amran">
Muhammad al-Gharbi Amran

Muhammad al-Gharbi Amran (born 1958) is a Yemeni short story writer, novelist and politician. He is known for his short stories and for his controversial novel "Mushaf Ahmar". He is also a former deputy mayor of Sanaa.
He was born in Dhamar and studied history at university, obtaining a Master's degree in the subject. He has written five collections of short stories, starting with "Al-sharashif" (1997). His stories have been translated into English and Italian, and have featured in foreign-language anthologies such as "Oranges in the Sun" (2007) and "Perle dello Yemen" (2009). 
al-Gharbi Amran served as the deputy mayor of Sanaa for several years in the latter half of the 2010s. His first novel "Mushaf Ahmar" (Red Book) was published from Beirut in January 2010. The novel deals with vexing social problems like extremism and the oppression of women in Yemeni society. Two months after the publication of the book, Amran was relieved of his duties as deputy mayor. Amran claimed that this was due to the controversial content of his novel, although this was denied by the authorities. Later in 2010, a group of intellectuals boycotted the 27th Sanaa Book Fair, accusing the organizers of banning several books including "Mushaf Ahmar". This too was denied by Yemen's Book Authority.
al-Gharbi Amran heads a Yemeni literary club called el-Maqah.

</doc>
<doc id="31067345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067345" title="Alan David Dotti">
Alan David Dotti

Alan David Dotti (born March 19, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067347" title="List of The T.O. Show episodes">
List of The T.O. Show episodes


</doc>
<doc id="31067348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067348" title="RK Železničar 1949">
RK Železničar 1949

Rukometni klub Železničar 1949 (Serbian Cyrillic: Pукометни клуб Железничар 1949, is a handball club from Niš, Serbia. Currently, RK Železničar 1949 competes in the Handball League of Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="31067371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067371" title="Fabián Slančík">
Fabián Slančík

Fabián Slančík (born 22 September 1991) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club Banská Bystrica.

</doc>
<doc id="31067372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067372" title="Takeshi Shimizu">
Takeshi Shimizu

Takeshi Shimizu (born August 18, 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067383" title="Kazumasa Shimizu">
Kazumasa Shimizu

Kazumasa Shimizu (born June 30, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067403" title="Gynandromyia habilis">
Gynandromyia habilis

Gynandromyia habilis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus "Gynandromyia" of the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31067417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067417" title="Libor (disambiguation)">
Libor (disambiguation)

Libor is the London interbank offered rate.
Libor may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31067423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067423" title="People's Revolutionary Front (Marxist−Leninist−Maoist)">
People's Revolutionary Front (Marxist−Leninist−Maoist)

The People's Revolutionary Front (Marxist–Leninist–Maoist) (Spanish: "Frente Revolucionario del Pueblo (Marxista–Leninista–Maoísta)") is a Bolivian Communist Party of the Marxist–Leninist–Maoist orientation. They are ideologically close to the Communist Party of Peru, commonly known as the "Shining Path".
They are opposed to the Evo Morales government and aspire to conduct what they deem as "People's War" in their homeland, similar to the conflicts in India, Peru, the Philippines and formerly Nepal. They are closely aligned to the Revolutionary Internationalist Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="31067426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067426" title="Ricardo Modesto da Silva">
Ricardo Modesto da Silva

Ricardo Modesto da Silva (born January 20, 1979) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067427" title="Lorenzo Costa the Younger">
Lorenzo Costa the Younger

Lorenzo Costa the Younger (1537–1583) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in his native city of Mantua.
Lorenzo was the son of Girolamo Costa, and was instructed in the art of painting by his uncle Ippolito. Around 1560, worked in concert with Taddeo Zuccaro in the Belvedere and the Casino of Pope Pius IV at Rome, and died in Mantua in 1583.
Returning to Mantua, he frescoed in the "Sala dello Zodiaco" in the Ducal Palace. He painted two large altarpieces for "Santa Barbara" church in the Ducal palace.

</doc>
<doc id="31067443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067443" title="Jelly roll (battery)">
Jelly roll (battery)

The jelly roll or Swiss roll design is the design used in the majority of cylindrical rechargeable batteries, including nickel-cadmium (NiCd), nickel-metal hydride (NiMH) and lithium-ion (Li-ion).
In this design, an insulating sheet is laid down, then a thin layer of an anode material is laid down, a separator layer is applied, and a cathode material is layered on top. This sandwich is then rolled up and inserted into a hollow cylinder casing. The battery is sealed, metal contacts are attached, and an optional button top is applied if the battery is intended to replace an AAA/AA/C/D alkaline battery. A label with the brand name is then applied, or a blank protective label, often green (NiMh) or blue (NiCd), for a generic or OEM battery. 
The design gets its name because the cross section of the battery looks like a Swiss roll cake. Occasionally the design is also used for primary (non-rechargeable) batteries, although most primary batteries use the conventional rod-paste-tube design.

</doc>
<doc id="31067450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067450" title="Gynandromyia longicornis">
Gynandromyia longicornis

Gynandromyia longicornis is a Chinese species of tachinid flies in the genus "Gynandromyia" of the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31067464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067464" title="Hiroki Iizuka">
Hiroki Iizuka

Hiroki Iizuka (born April 4, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067465" title="Lilly Wood and the Prick">
Lilly Wood and the Prick

Lilly Wood and the Prick (stylised as Lilly Wood & the Prick) is a French alternative, pop and folk duo composed of Nili Hadida and Benjamin Cotto.
Career.
The duo was formed in 2006 when they met in a Parisian café and decided to collaborate on writing songs together. 
After collaborating on a number of songs. In 2008 they made a cover of "L.E.S. Artistes" from Santogold. They also met guitarist Pierre Guimard who heard their songs on Myspace and offered to work with them and opened his studio for production of their work.
2008 saw release of their track on a compilation entitled "Folk & Proud" followed by in 2009 the EP of the duo "Lilly Who and the What?" referring to the stage name of the duo. It was released on Choke Industry independent label founded by Pierre Guimard and by Matthieu Tessier, the duo's manager. After 2009, they signed with another independent label called Cinq7.
Their first studio album "Invincible Friends" was released on 31 May 2010. On 9 February 2011, they were nominated for "revelation of the public" award for the "Victoires de la Musique". On the official ceremony held on 1 March and broadcast on France 2, TV5 Monde and France Inter they won against competition in the same category from Ben l'Oncle Soul, Camélia Jordana, Zaz, Féfé, Guillaume Grand, Florent Marchet and Okou They also engaged on a tour including one at Olympia Paris on 1 June 2011. Their follow up album was "The Fight" released on 5 November 2012 
Members.
During live shows, the duo are joined by musicians Pierre Guimard (guitar, basse) and Mathias Fisch (drums).
In September 2010, Clément Fonio joined as bass player. In January 2011, Fonio was replaced by Mathieu Denis (bass, keyboards).

</doc>
<doc id="31067467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067467" title="Dilshod Sharofetdinov">
Dilshod Sharofetdinov

Dilshod Sharofetdinov (born 15 October 1985) is a Uzbekistan footballer currently playing for Sime Darby F.C. in the Malaysia Super League. His position is midfielder.
Career.
Sharofetdinov has played for FK Samarqand-Dinamo, Navbahor and FC Pakhtakor Tashkent. During the 2009 AFC Champions League he played in all six games as Pakhtakor progressed to the Quarter Finals where they were defeated by Ittihad FC 5–1 on aggregate. During the 2011 AFC Champions League Sharofetdinov helped FC Pakhtakor Tashkent to a 2–2 over Al-Nassr in their opening round game.
International career.
Sharofetdinov has represented the Uzbekistan U-23s at the VTV-T&T Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31067474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067474" title="Gascon pig">
Gascon pig

Despite its endangered status, it has many valuable characteristics. Like most old-fashioned breeds, it is prone to becoming very fat, but it is vigorous, hardy, thrifty and tolerant of hot climates. The sows are prolific and have a good supply of milk for their litters.

</doc>
<doc id="31067492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067492" title="Atsuto Oishi">
Atsuto Oishi

Atsuto Oishi (born October 24, 1976) is a former Japanese football player and current coach at J. League Division 3 side Fujieda MYFC.

</doc>
<doc id="31067495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067495" title="Josh Jasper">
Josh Jasper

Joshua Norwood Jasper (born November 26, 1987) is an American football placekicker for the New Orleans VooDoo of the Arena Football League (AFL).
He set the Tennessee state record for career high school field goals, with 44, and his longest field goal was 54 yards. In 2010, he was a Consensus College All-American placekicker for the LSU Tigers in his senior year, after leading the nation with 28 field goals. He was the most accurate kicker in LSU history as of 2011. In July 2011, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers signed him as a free agent.
Early years.
Jasper was born in Memphis, Tennessee. He played football and soccer at Ridgeway High School in Memphis. Originally, he was a quarterback and wide receiver, before moving over to kicker for his junior and senior years. He was rated the No. 12 kicker in the U.S. by Scout.com as a senior. His longest field goal as a high schooler was 54 yards and he set the state's record for total career field goals with 44.
College career.
Jasper attended Louisiana State University, where he played for coach Les Miles' LSU Tigers football team from 2007 to 2010. He is the most accurate placekicker in LSU Tigers team history as of 2011. He completed 47 of 56 field goal attempts as a Tiger (83.9%)—the best percentage in team history, and the second best in Southeastern Conference (SEC) history. 
During his junior season in 2009, he tied for the third-longest field goal in LSU history, at 52 yards. In a spring game, he kicked a 57-yard field goal. He also set a school record in September 2010 with five field goals in one game, against Mississippi State, while tying the school record of 17 kicking points in one game.
During his senior season in 2010, he led the country with twenty-eight field goals. He was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American placekicker, after receiving first-team honors from the Football Writers Association of America and "Sporting News". In addition to kicking field goals, he punted as LSU's "pooch punter", kicked kickoffs, and rushed a handful of times for first downs. He was also a first-team All-SEC selection, the SEC Special Teams Player of the Week (vs. Mississippi State; vs. Ole Miss), and the Lou Groza Award Star of the Week (vs. Mississippi State, vs. Alabama, vs. UL-Monroe). He capped his career by playing in the 2011 Senior Bowl.
Professional career.
Despite his high school and college success, prognosticators were uncertain whether Jasper would be drafted in the April 2011 NFL Draft, as in the prior five years just nine kickers were drafted. NFL draft analyst Mike Detillier opined that he might be a later-round draftee.
He was not picked in the draft. Because of the NFL lockout, he had to wait until it ended to have an opportunity to sign with a team as a free agent.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
On July 26, 2011, Jasper said he had agreed to terms with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on a rookie free agent deal. He was released on August 5.
Toronto Argonauts.
On October 4, 2012, Jasper was signed by the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. He was released by the team on October 17, 2012
New Orleans VooDoo.
On November 19, 2013, Jasper was assigned to the New Orleans VooDoo of the Arena Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="31067497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067497" title="Acromyrmex echinatior">
Acromyrmex echinatior

Acromyrmex echinatior is a species of New World ants of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus "Acromyrmex". It is found in the wild naturally from Mexico to Panama.
Overview.
Commonly known as "leaf-cutter ants" they are a species of ant from one of the two genera of advanced attines within the tribe Attini.
"Acromyrmex" can be identified from the closely related "Atta" genus of leafcutter ants since they have 4 pairs of spines and a rough exoskeleton on the upper surface of the thorax.
A mature "Acromyrmex echinatior" colony contains mostly sterile female workers. They are divided into castes, based mostly on size, that perform different functions. "Acromyrmex" exhibit a high degree of biological polymorphism, four castes being present in established colonies - minims (or "garden ants"), minors, mediae and majors. Majors are also known as soldiers or dinergates. Each caste has a specific function within the colony. "Acromyrmex" ants are less polymorphic than the other genera of leafcutter ants "Atta", meaning that there is comparatively less differential in size from the smallest to largest types of "Acromymex". The high degree of polymorphism in this genus is also suggestive of its high degree of advancement. There is a genetic component to worker caste polymorphism in "A. echinatior" with their paternal genes producing significant variation in the propensities of workers to develop into minors and mediae.
Like "Atta", "Acromyrmex" subsists mostly on a particular species of fungus (genus "Leucocoprinus") which it cultivates on a medium of masticated leaf tissue. This is the sole food of the queen and other colony members that remain in the nest. The media workers also gain subsistence from plant sap they ingest whilst physically cutting out sections of leaf from a variety of plants.
Before leaving their parent colonies, winged females take a small section of fungus into their bucchal pouches and it is with this that the subsequently wingless queens 'seed' the fungus gardens of incipient colonies, cutting and collecting the first few sections of leaf themselves.
"Acromyrmex" has evolved to change foodplant constantly, preventing a colony from completely stripping off leaves and thereby killing trees, thus avoiding negative biological feedback on account of their sheer numbers. However, this does not diminish the huge quantities of foliage they harvest.
In Costa Rica this species prefers open dry habitats such as urban areas around San Jose and seasonally dry habitats of Guanacaste Province. There is evidence to suggest that this species nests may occasionally be arboreal.
Queens multiply mate, and colonies are facultatively polygynous. Nonreproductive workers of the colony 'police', that is, selectively destroy worker-laid eggs, but don't attack reproductive workers. Relatedness incentives are the most likely ultimate cause of the evolutionary maintenance of worker–egg policing in "A. echinatior".

</doc>
<doc id="31067501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067501" title="Choreutis diana">
Choreutis diana

Diana's Choreutis Moth ("Choreutis diana") is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in northern North America and most of Europe.
The wingspan is 14–18 mm. It is a variable species. The forewings are mottled, often with some green or bluish-green visible. The antemedial line is black, strongly jagged and broadest at costa and is followed by pale greenish to white. The median area is pale to dark olive to olive brown. The postmedial line is black and often only visible as two sharp black teeth on the lower half. The postmedial area is mottled cream with brown to olive. The subterminal line is black and sometimes very distinct. The terminal line is usually reddish brown with a thin dark brown outer border. The fringe is pale greyish with dark brown at the anal angle, middle, and apex. The hindwings are chocolate brown, but slightly darker towards the outer margin with a thin dark brown border along the outer margin. The fringe is pale grey, but darker on the outside. The head and thorax are grey to greenish and the abdomen is brown.
In Canada, adults have been recorded from mid April to mid May, in June and from July to September. In the UK, adults are on wing in July and August. Adults have been found visiting thistle flowers.
The larvae feed on "Alnus rubra", "Alnus incana", "Betula papyrifera", "Populus balsamifera", "Salix" and "Prunus" species. It is a solitary leafroller, found under a silken web on the upper surface of a leaf of the host plant. The frass is caught in the web. Larvae have been recorded from mid June to late July in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="31067513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067513" title="Ricardo Frederico Rodrigues Antunes">
Ricardo Frederico Rodrigues Antunes

Ricardo Frederico Rodrigues Antunes (born January 1, 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067547" title="Shinya Hagihara">
Shinya Hagihara

Shinya Hagihara (born April 7, 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067550" title="Cameron Treloar">
Cameron Treloar

Cameron Treloar is an Australian rugby union player for Union Bordeaux Bègles in the Top 14.
Career.
Cameron Treloar began his career with the New South Wales Waratahs in the Super 14 competition in 2005 before moving to the Queensland Reds in 2006. At the end of the 2007 Super 14 season he left to play for the Italian club Calvisano in the Super 10 winning the Italian Championship in 2008.
He stayed there for two years and then signed with I Cavalieri Prato in 2009. At the end of the season he went on to sign with Aviron Bayonnais in the Top 14. In January 2011, after playing only seven matches Treloar was traded to Union Bordeaux Bègles in the Pro D2. Deciding to terminate his contract with Aviron he went onto sign a contract with Bordeaux for one and a half years. In 2011 Union Bordeaux Bègles won the 2010–11 Rugby Pro D2 season final promoting them to the Top 14.
As of 2012, Cameron has been a regular contributor to entertainment and lifestyle website Live4.

</doc>
<doc id="31067569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067569" title="Moushira Khattab">
Moushira Khattab

the text of this page is cut and pasted from the website of the concerned person. http://moushirakhattab.com/?page_id=2
Moushira Mahmoud Khattab is an Egyptian human rights activist, former politician & diplomat. She is the former Minister of Family & Population of Egypt, Ambassador of Egypt to the Republic of South Africa, the Czech Republic and Slovakia as well serving in Egypt's diplomatic missions in Australia, Hungary, Austria and the United Nations (New York and Vienna). She is also a human rights activist advocating the rights of children and women.
Educational background.
Moushira Khattab holds a PhD on the rights of the child from Cairo University, an M.A. in International Relations from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, USA and a B.A. Political Science from Cairo University, Faculty of Economics and Political Science.
Diplomatic career.
A career diplomat serving as Egypt’s first Ambassador to Nelson Mandela’s South Africa and before it Czechoslovakia (during its separation to the Czech Republic and Slovakia), Khattab ended her diplomatic career as Assistant Minister of Foreign Affairs for International Cultural Relations.
Ministerial career.
In 1999, Moushira Khattab shifted to the sphere of defending Women and Children’s rights as Secretary General of the National Council for Childhood and Motherhood (NCCM). The success of NCCM was crowned by its transformation into the Ministry of Family and Population and the appointment of Moushira Khattab as Minister. Since 1999, she has engineered a paradigm shift in the respect, protection, promotion & monitoring the implementation of the rights of women and children in Egypt. Ambassador Khattab coordinated national efforts targeting the elimination of all forms of discrimination and violence against children with special emphasis on girls. Combatting gender based violence including female genital mutilation (FGM) and child marriage are some of the achievements engineered by Moushira Khattab with heavy involvement of civil society. This was brought about through a number of interventions including the Girl’s Education Initiative, providing quality active learning to poorer and marginalized girls; adolescents’ reproductive rights and combatting child labor and child abuse and neglect. She initiated, led and coordinated a national movement to support the most comprehensive rights based legal reform for children; crowned by the adoption of Law 126 in 2008 bringing Child Law in closer harmony with the Convention on the Rights of the Child. The amended law criminalized trafficking in children, FGM, and most forms of violence and discrimination. It raised the minimum age for criminal responsibility from 7 to 12 years establishing a new system of child protection including a restorative juvenile justice system. As a Muslim woman she played an instrumental role in bringing Muslim countries together to support the global movement for the rights of children and women and adopting a human rights approach. A highlight of such efforts is the conference she organized in Cairo in 2009 in cooperation with the Organization of Islamic States on Islamic Shariaa and the rights of the Child.
Khattab coordinated, in close collaboration with civil society, the formulation of key national policy documents including national strategies for the protection, rehabilitation and reintegration of street children, the elimination of Child Labor, and combatting violence against children. Key action plans were formulated including that on Girls’ Education, and Combatting Violence against Children, an “Egypt Fit for Children”, Rights Based Tracking of Public Budgeting for Children (for the first time ever in Egypt), and the National Survey on Street Children.
From March 2009 until February 2011 Khattab served as Minister of State for Family and Population of Egypt. She also holds the position of Vice-President of the International Bureau for Children’s Rights “IBCR”. Khattab represents the MENA Region on the Board of Child Helpline International and Chairs both the National Committee & the steering Committee of Middle East & North Africa on Violence against Children. Khattab served as Vice Chair, Rapporteur and member of UN Committee on the Rights of the Child 2002–2010. She is also a member in several associations such as the Women Leadership Council to combat trafficking in persons including children, UNGIFT- Vienna 2008. She Chaired the ad hoc UN intergovernmental expert group that formulated the UN Guidelines on Justice Matters related to children victims and witnesses to Crime adopted by ECOSOC in 2005. Moushira Khattab is Vice president of “Aflatoun Child Savings International” (Amsterdam) and is a regular lecturer on children's rights to police officers, judges, women organizations and the media.
Honours and awards.
Moushira Khattab’s efforts are recognized internationally. She has received numerous awards and decorations, two of which are the highest that can be bestowed upon any foreign national: The Order of Good Hope from the President of South Africa and Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic, and the Decoration of “Commendatore” of the Order of Merit by the President of the Italian Republic.
Moushira Khattab has received the following awards for her diplomatic and developmental work:

</doc>
<doc id="31067582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067582" title="Valdinei Rocha de Oliveira">
Valdinei Rocha de Oliveira

Valdinei Rocha de Oliveira (born October 27, 1971) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067595" title="Hongkong Electric Company">
Hongkong Electric Company

The Hongkong Electric Company (HKC; ) is one of Hong Kong's two main electricity generation companies. The other is China Light & Power. It is a subsidiary of Power Assets Holdings Limited, which was known as Hongkong Electric Holdings Limited until February 2011.
History.
Following a meeting of the Executive Council to discuss land reclamation, Bendyshe Layton suggested to Sir Catchick Paul Chater that Hong Kong acquire an electricity generator. Chater, who was to remain a director of the new Hong Kong Electric Company for 37 years, took charge of raising finance for the project. The total capital of $300,000 was divided into 30,000 shares, half of which were offered to the public. As a result the first power station in Hong Kong was secretly built on the site of an old graveyard in Star Street, Wan Chai. The plant was designed by electrical engineer William Wickham who subsequently remained its manager until 1910. At 6:00 p.m. on December 1, 1890, 50 street lights along Queen's Road Central, Battery Path and Upper Albert Road were switched on. The lights failed on the second night then again one week later. Thereafter there were no further faults for 26 years. Street lighting was later extended west as far as Bonham Strand and Caine Road then later along Queens Road East and Wanchai Road to Mission Hospital Hill (site of the present Ruttonjee Hospital). In the 1890s, as electricity became popular, the first private houses were connected to the company's supply to power lights and fans. On the commercial front, a substation was built in 1898 to service the lifts of the new tall buildings mushrooming along the waterfront. By 1905 the company was supplying power for 15 lifts, thousands of lamps as well as for street lighting. The power grid was extended underground to West Point then later to Victoria Peak and Shau Kei Wan. By 1916, Aberdeen and Ap Lei Chau were also connected. One by one large organisations like Dairy farm, Taikoo Docks, the Peak Tram and the University of Hong Kong which had formerly generated their own supplies, switched to the company's supply. In 1924 there were 1,369 street lamps lit by gas with only 469 powered by electricity. However, by 1936, few gas lamps remained.
During the Japanese invasion of Hong Kong in December 1941, a number of staff at the North Point power plant held the Japanese at bay in an epic defence. Casualties from the battle included the plant's manager Vincent Sorby, who died in a prison camp of wounds received during the attack.
A second power plant was built in North Point in 1919 and a third at Ap Lei Chau in 1968 which was decommissioned in 1989. Since 1990 all HEC's electric generators have been situated at the Lamma Power Station.
Hongkong Land (HKL), which owned a 34% stake in the company, underwent a restructuring in January 1985 whereby it was forced to sell its stake in the company for HK$3 billion to reduce debt levels
The company is now controlled by Li Ka-shing's Cheung Kong Holdings as part of listed company Power Assets Holdings Limited, which before February 2011 was known as "Hongkong Electric Holdings Limited".
Power generation.
Lamma Power Station.
Lamma Power Station is a either (coal-fired, or combined cycle when used alongside natural gas). Built in 1982 as a coal fired station it was upgraded to in 1987 and to by 1989
Lamma Winds.
Lamma Winds operates a Nordex standard N50 wind turbine with a rotor diameter of . Completed in 2006, the turbine is of stall-regulated, "horizontal axis" design and is mounted up-wind.
Solar power system.
In July 2010, the company commissioned the largest commercial-scale solar power system in Hong Kong. Based on amorphous silicon thin film photovoltaic (TFPV), the requisite solar panels are located on the rooftops of the main building of Lamma Power Station. Power generated is fed directly to Hong Kong Electric's 380V electrical grid via solar inverters, distribution boards and power transmission cables. All panels are set to face south to maximise power output and are inclined at an angle of 22 degrees. With an installed capacity of , on completion in 2011 the plant's annual output is forecast at .
Closed plants.
Most of the older power stations were closed as residential development began to surround them. As HEC was owned by a land developer, these properties were in turn re-developed into housing estates. 
Wan Chai.
Wan Chai Power station was a coal-fired power station opened in 1890 and decommissioned in 1922. Built in the colonial architecture style, it was later demolished and is now the site of Art Deco residential flats at 31, Wing Fung Street. 
North Point.
The North Point Power Stations were a series of power stations built between 1919 and 1966. The site is now home to the City Garden residential flats and Maxim Mall.
Ap Lei Chau Power Station.
Opened in 1968, Ap Lei Chau Power Station was a oil-fired generating station. The plant was decommissioned and its generator moved to Lamma Power Station between 1984–1989; HEC office tower and building is now surrounded by the South Horizons housing estate, 34 towers built by Hutchison Whampoa.

</doc>
<doc id="31067616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067616" title="Islington Local History Centre">
Islington Local History Centre

Islington Local History Centre is a local studies centre and archive which holds material documenting the history of the London Borough of Islington.
History.
Islington Local History Centre, which is located in Finsbury Library, was opened in 2003. This new centre was established to bring together the local history collections of the former Metropolitan Borough of Islington and Metropolitan Borough of Finsbury. These boroughs were merged in 1965 to form the modern London Borough of Islington. The collections were previously held at Islington's Central Reference Library and in smaller premises at Finsbury Library.
Collections.
Resources available at the Local History Centre include maps, photographs, census records, electoral rolls, trade directories, newspapers and archive material. These collections are useful sources for research on family history, local history, biographical history and other subjects.
Archives.
The Islington Local History Centre is not a formal archive repository for Islington Council but its collections include records of the metropolitan boroughs of Finsbury and Islington, including council and committee minutes, rate books and publications, as well as records of the earlier vestries of St James Clerkenwell, St Luke Old Street and St Mary Islington, including minute books and rate books. Other local authority material includes records related to local baths, such as Ironmonger Row Baths.
Special collections.
The centre also holds deposited special collections, including the following material:
Displays and events.
The centre has a regular programme of small temporary exhibitions, including visiting displays and displays of material from its own collections. The centre also hosts occasional talks and contributes to the events programme at Islington Museum.
Admission and access.
Admission is free and the centre is open to all. However, researchers wishing to view material are required to make an appointment to visit as space is limited. The centre is fully accessible for wheelchair users but there is no accessible parking.
The Clerk's Well.
Islington Local History Centre also manages the historic Clerk's Well near Clerkenwell Green. Visits to the well can be arranged free of charge but by appointment only.

</doc>
<doc id="31067647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067647" title="DNOC">
DNOC

DNOC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31067649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067649" title="Choreutis pariana">
Choreutis pariana

The Apple-and-thorn Skeletonizer or Apple Leaf Skeletonizer ("Choreutis pariana") is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is native to Eurasia. It was introduced to New England in 1917 and is frequently collected in agricultural areas in North America where it is found along the west coast of the United States and British Columbia, Ontario, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland and Labrador.
The wingspan is 11–15 mm. The forewings are pale smeared brown, with a coppery sheen. The inner half and terminal area are usually darker brown. The antemedial line is dark brown and jagged and usually only distinctive in the upper two thirds. The postmedial line is less obvious, paler brown, jagged and usually only upper two thirds are obvious. Occasionally, the other lines are visible, but never as obvious as the antemedial line. There are four small whitish rectangles
visible along the costa at the antemedial line, median, postmedial line. The fringe is brown with two thin pale patches along the outer edge on either side of the middle. The hindwings are warm brown, but slightly darker towards the outer margin. The fringe is brown, but paler at the anal angle and apex. The body is dark brown.
In Canada, adults have been recorded from late July to late October. There are two generations per year in western Europe, with adults on wing in July and again in September, when it overwinters and may appear again in early spring
The larvae feed on "Malus pumila", "Crataegus", "Betula papyrifera", "Salix", "Prunus", "Sorbus", "Fraxinus", "Rosa" and "Alnus" species. It is a solitary leafroller and colonial feeder. The larvae eat away the parenchyma from the upper surface of leaves of the foodplant, resulting in a skeleton leaf appearance. The larva lives under a silken web. Larvae have been recorded from June to early September in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="31067670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067670" title="Mühlhausen (Thür) station">
Mühlhausen (Thür) station

Mühlhausen (Thür) station is a well served passenger station in the Unstrut-Hainich district and the only station in Mühlhausen in the German state of Thuringia. It is located east of the centre of Mühlhausen in the valley of the Unstrut.
History.
Mühlhausen was connected to a railway the first time in 1870 with the opening of the Gotha–Leinefelde line of the Thuringian Railway Company (). A junction station was added to the existing through station in 1897 for the opening of the light railway to Ebeleben by the Mühlhausen-Ebeleben Railway Company ("Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft Mühlhausen-Ebeleben", MEE). The Mühlhausen Tramway opened its first line from the station forecourt in 1898. The station was rebuilt with the opening of the line to Treffurt in 1911 and the MEE station was integrated with the former Thuringian Railway Company station, by then part of the Prussian state railways.
In 1969 the tramway was shut down and in the same year freight transport also ended on the last remaining remnant of the line to Treffurt, which was partly closed after the Second World War due to the establishment of the Inner German border Treffurt. Freight services to Ebeleben were closed in 1994 and passenger services ended on 31 May 1997 so that Mühlhausen’s period as a junction station came to an end after 100 years.
Since 2000, the station has had no major freight traffic and many of the former freight tracks have been demolished.
Operations.
In the timetable of 2011, the following routes operate through the station:
56 trains run daily (Mon–Fri), 45 run on weekend days. 27 trains run to Leinefelde each days. Thus Leinefelde station is main direct destination. There are an average of 26 direct services to Erfurt each day, 15 to Gotha, 8 each to Göttingen, Gera, Jena, 6 to Chemnitz and Zwickau and 6 to Kassel as well.

</doc>
<doc id="31067679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067679" title="Ľuboš Kupčík">
Ľuboš Kupčík

Ľuboš Kupčík (born 3 March 1989) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Slovak 2. liga club ŽP Šport Podbrezová, on loan from FK Dukla Banská Bystrica.

</doc>
<doc id="31067713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067713" title="Yasuhiro Toyota">
Yasuhiro Toyota

Yasuhiro Toyota (born May 2, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067747" title="Lake Gardens, Kuala Lumpur">
Lake Gardens, Kuala Lumpur

Lake Gardens is Kuala Lumpur's first large-scale recreational park. Measuring 91.6 hectares, it is located in the heart of the city and established in 1888. Lake Gardens served as place of refuge from the hustle and bustle of the city during colonial times. It contains large sculpted and manicured gardens and a host of attractions.
Location.
It is located along Jalan Perdana or "Venning Road". It is located near the National Museum of Malaysia.
The nearest public transportation hub within walking distance is Kuala Lumpur Sentral railway station. Another option is to take the RapidKL bus B112 from Pasar Seni LRT station. This will drop you at the National Museum which is at the edge of the park.
At the park, shuttle trams are available daily from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. (tickets: RM2 adults, RM1 children). Visitors can also rent bicycles for RM3/30 mins. Guided walks are provided free of charge on Sundays, 8 a.m. to 10 a.m.
History.
The colonial-era park was the brainchild of Alfred Venning, the British State Treasurer in the late 19th century. The official residence of the then British government representative Frank Swettenham, now known as Carcosa Seri Negara, was located atop a hill here. The park was previously a tin mine.
Naming.
The park was initially called Public Gardens but later renamed Lake Gardens. In June 2011, the gardens were renamed again to Perdana Botanical Gardens.
Places of Interest.
Among the tourist attractions located here are the National Monument, deer park, Hibiscus garden, Orchid Garden, Kuala Lumpur Bird Park and Kuala Lumpur Butterfly Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31067753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067753" title="Genilson da Rocha Santos">
Genilson da Rocha Santos

Genilson da Rocha Santos (born December 1, 1971) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067764" title="Ludwig Boltzmann Institute for Neo-Latin Studies">
Ludwig Boltzmann Institute for Neo-Latin Studies

The Ludwig Boltzmann Institute for Neo-Latin Studies (LBI) () in Innsbruck is a research institute of the Austrian Ludwig Boltzmann Gesellschaft. Partner organizations of the LBI are the University of Innsbruck, the University of Freiburg, the Austrian National Library in Vienna, and the Pontificio Comitato di Scienze Storiche in Rome.
The LBI was founded in 2011 and is dedicated to the study of Neo-Latin literature. It particularly focuses on the significance of Neo-Latin literature in the formation of Early Modern Europe. The LBI attempts to flesh out the idea that today's Europe would look very differently without the contribution of Neo-Latin literature. This idea is explored by means of examples from three lines of research.
Lines of research.
Each line of research is represented by two specific projects:

</doc>
<doc id="31067769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067769" title="Philanthropinum">
Philanthropinum

The Philanthropinum ("from Greek: φιλος = friend, and ανθροπος = human") was a reformist, progressive school in Dessau, Germany from 1774 to 1793. It was based on the principles of philanthropinism, an educational movement developed in the German-speaking area during the Age of Enlightenment.
History.
The Philanthropinum, or "School of Philanthropy," was founded on 27 December 1774 by the German educational reformers Johann Bernhard Basedow (1724–1790) and Christian Heinrich Wolke (1741–1825). Basedow was influenced by ideas on childhood and education as proposed by John Locke (1632-1704) and Jean-Jacques Rousseau (1712-1778). At the beginning the Philanthropinum had only one teacher and three students, but numbers rapidly grew as its reputation spread beyond Dessau. Prince Franz supported the school, both financially and with his gift of the Palais Dietrich as a venue.
The Philanthropinum was, apart from Basedow and Wolke, also shaped by reformers such as Ernst Christian Trapp (1745–1818), the first Professor of Education, and Christian Gotthilf Salzmann (1744–1811). From 1779 to 1787, August Friedrich Wilhelm Crome (1753–1833) worked at the school. Artist Carl Wilhelm Kolbe (1759–1835) taught art and French at the school from 1780 to 1782 and 1782 to 1784. Basedow and Wolke tried to persuade businessman and educational pioneer Johann Peter Hundeiker (1751–1836) to teach at the school - he turned down their request, but went on to found his own school in Vechelde near Braunschweig inspired by the Dessau model. Poet Friedrich von Matthisson and artist Friedrich Rehberg also found employment here.
In 1776, Basedow stepped down as head of the institution. His successor was Joachim Heinrich Campe (1746–1818), but he quit in 1777 due to conflict with the younger teachers, and went on to found a similar school in Hamburg. Afterwards the school was run by a board of directors. In 1777, Prince Franz made parts of the Palais Dietrich available for the use of the school, and from 1780 to 1793 the school was allowed to occupy the entire palace.
The first three students included Prince Frederick of Anhalt-Dessau (1769–1814). At its peak in 1782–83, the Philanthropinum had 53 pupils, usually from families with enlightened parents, some of whom came from western, northern and eastern Europe. Immanuel Kant was a great supporter of the school, calling for a "quick revolution" in education rather than "slow reform".
In 1793, the Philanthropinum closed, quietly, after the number of students decreased greatly. The concept behind the school, however, was the model for a large number of similar establishments; in Germany alone, over 60 similar schools were founded: For example, Carl Gottfried Neuendorf (1750–1798), who had taught for a while at the Philanthropinum, went on to found the "Hauptschule" in Dessau in 1786; Christian Gotthilf Salzmann (1744–1811) founded another school in Schnepfenthal. Other similar institutions were to be found in France, Switzerland, Russia and North America.
Curriculum and philosophy.
Admission of students to the all-boy school was regardless of religion or state. Though education for all was the ideal, notions of class still prevailed, and boys from richer families spent more time on academic subjects, while those from less-wealthy backgrounds did more manual work. However, all learnt handicrafts and were expected to take part in games and physical exercise. There was a practical approach to education, which was conceived as serving useful and needful ends, and using practical examples where possible. The natural instincts and interests of the children were directed rather than suppressed, while school uniform was designed to be practical and not restrictive.

</doc>
<doc id="31067777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067777" title="Teatralna Square (Donetsk)">
Teatralna Square (Donetsk)

Teatralna Square" (, translit.: "Teatral`na ploscha; literally: Theatre Square) is a city square in Voroshilovskyi District of Donetsk, Ukraine. It's located at the junction of Avenue Theatre and Artema Street, the main street in Donetsk. The square is named after the theatre situated there — Donetsk State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre Solovyanenko.
The square is served by numerous marshrutkas, buses and trolley-buses.

</doc>
<doc id="31067790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067790" title="Takeshi Kawaharazuka">
Takeshi Kawaharazuka

, is a retired Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067799" title="Dave Kershaw">
Dave Kershaw

Dave Kershaw is a Shotokan karateka born on the 18th of October 1955 in the Town of Grimsby, Lincolnshire. He was an international competitor, representing Great Britain at European and World Championships between 1982 and 1998, and was British Kata Champion (Shotokan Karate International of Great Britain) for a record six consecutive years, from 1987 to 1992. He is a senior SKI (GB) Instructor and Examiner.
He began his karate training in 1972, with the late Brian Woods, at his dojo at Nunsthorpe School in Grimsby. In 1974, he joined the newly formed Shotokan Karate International of Great Britain, and began training with Hanshi Shiro Asano.
In 1978, he set up his own club called Konjaku Shin (literally meaning "Ancient and Modern Spirit"), at a photography club in Cleethorpes. Later, he was running clubs in Grimsby, Cleethorpes and Immingham Leisure centres.
In 1981, he was captain of the SKI (GB) A-Team, winning the English Karate Federation All Styles Three Man Kata title.
His international competition career began in 1982, when Hanshi Asano chose him to compete in a four nation, European competition in Munich; his team came second. In 1991, he was an individual kumite finalist in the SKIF World Championships, Mexico City. In 1998, at the SKIEF European Championships in Sheffield, he took silver medal in the Men's (40-44) kata, and his team took gold medal in the veteran three man team kata.
In 1992, Hanshi Asano awarded him the Wilkinson Sword of Honour, for services to karate-do.
In 1993, he opened the club's new premises in Lower Spring Street Grimsby.
In 2001, he was invited to teach in Amritsar, India, by the Punjab Karate Association, and became their Chief Technical Advisor.
In August 2011, he was graded to 7th Dan (Nanadan) by Hanshi Shiro Asano.

</doc>
<doc id="31067801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067801" title="Enis Nadarević">
Enis Nadarević

Enis Nadarević (born 19 July 1987) is a Bosnian footballer who plays professionally for Bari on loan from Genoa as a winger or striker.
Career.
Born in Bihać in the former Yugoslavia, Nadarević moved to Italy as a youth in 2005. He signed a contract to play professional football with A.S. Varese 1910, but was initially unable to play for the club due to restrictions on non-EU players in the Serie B. He spent the 2009–10 season on loan at Serie D side A.S.D. Sanvitese.
Shortly after an Italian court ruled that he could play in Serie B, Nadarević made his league debut in a match against Siena on 18 December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31067803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067803" title="Chandampet">
Chandampet

Chamdampet () is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Villages.
The villages in Chandampet mandal includes: Bachapuram, Chandempet, Chinamunagal, Chitryala,Guntipelly,Gagillapuram, Kambalapally, Kasharajupally, Kothapally, Mududandla, Murpunutala, Neradugommu, Peddamula, Peddamunagal, Pogilla, Polepally Ramnagar, Rakulagadda, Teldevarapally, Timmapuram, Yalmalamanda,Nallachelamoola, Gannerlapally, Total 19 villeges with post and 102 small villeges etc. 

</doc>
<doc id="31067812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067812" title="TYCO Rapla">
TYCO Rapla

TYCO Rapla is a semi-professional basketball club based in Rapla, Estonia participating in Estonian Korvpalli Meistriliiga and Baltic Basketball League. TYCO Rapla play their home games at Sadolini Spordihoone. It also has a sister club, AmEst Rapla, playing in Estonian-Latvian Women's Basketball League. The team hasn't won any major titles yet, although they did got silver medals in 2012 season Estonian Cup.
History.
The team.
Korvpalliklubi "Rapla" (Basketball club "Rapla") was founded in 1996. Its main purpose was to develop a women's basketball team, that would play in Estonian Women's Basketball league.
e and to develop women's basketball in Rapla
. This team was active between 1996 and 1999. New beginning was at 2001, when Rapla Spordikool's basketball branch was united with Korvpalliklubi "Rapla" and the team started training youngsters. Right now, about 160 young players play for Rapla KK. TYCO Rapla also has a second team playing in I League (Esiliiga) called Rapla KK/STIPEND.
Rivalry with TTÜ.
Rapla and TTÜ have had many games between each other (17 in 3 seasons) in the last few seasons, with the win-loss record being pretty even and they're on course on seeing each other again in this seasons quarterfinals. Rapla and TTÜ have been drawn into the same groups in last two seasons Baltic Basketball League and the teams also saw an interesting series in 2011-2012 Korvpalli Meistriliiga's Quarter Finals with Rapla winning series 3-1. Former TTÜ player Illimar Pilk, currently plays for TYCO Rapla, although not joining straightly from TTÜ, but via unsuccessful stint with BC Rakvere Tarvas.
Seasons.
Korvpalli Meistriliiga.
Rapla had its debut season in Korvpalli Meistriliiga 2010/2011 season. The team's main goals were to develop young Estonian players and try to get the Playoffs spot on its debut season. Piimameister Otto/Rapla got the 6th place in Korvpalli Meistriliiga in their debut season, granting them a playoff spot. The second season saw the return of former Estonian U-20 National team leader Janar Soo. Lead by two young wings, Soo and Kaldre, Rapla got into semi-finals in their second season in the Korvpalli Meistriliiga and finished with 4th place.
Baltic Basketball League.
After the first season Rapla also joined the regional Baltic Basketball League. 2011-12 season went without success, with Rapla only winning two games, both Latvian teams BA Turība and BK Valmiera and finishing last in their group. Second season, the league was restructured, losing the Elite and Challenge Divisions and Rapla was handed a tough group and young Rapla side again went without success, only tallying 1 win in 10 games, finishing last in their group again.
Leagues recap.
Individual awards.
KML Monthly Most Valuable Player
All-KML First Team
U20 Player Of The Year

</doc>
<doc id="31067819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067819" title="Makoto Ikeda">
Makoto Ikeda

Makoto Ikeda (born July 8, 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067825" title="Andrés Andreani">
Andrés Andreani

Andrés Andreani (born September 16, 1984, Buenos Aires) is an Argentinean visual artist, actor and filmmaker.
Early life.
Showing artistic interests from a very early age, Andreani started taking acting classes at the age of 12.
He studied Arts at the University of Buenos Aires and Dramatic Arts at the National University of Arts, during that time he also completed seminars on Theater Direction, Art Direction and Script Writing. 
He was involved in many stage plays of the Buenos Aires independent theater scene and he was producer and director of short films and music videos.
Career.
"NOVAK" is his first feature film. It was premiered in Buenos Aires in 2009 and since then it was presented at many film festivals in Argentina, United States, Spain, Mexico, Venezuela, France and Japan.
The film won 'Best International Comedy' at The New York International Independent Film Festival in 2010.
During 2010 and 2011 he moved to Barcelona and then to New York where he completed the post production of his ambitious second feature, "Longchamps", in which he choreographed 27 actors and 8 cameras to tell a choir story about the world being saved by music.
While in New York he started the shooting of his third feature film "Peter Bartok Jr". This absurd story, inspired by Béla Bartók's third piano concerto, counts with the performances of Argentinean actors Martín Piroyansky and Norman Briski.
In 2011, Andreani met renowned Hungarian filmmaker Béla Tarr at The Berlin Film Festival and later that year he traveled to Croatia to direct a short film under Tarr's supervision. The 27 minutes film, "The State That I am Fish", gets its premiere at The Split Film Festival and then also in Paris for Béla Tarr's retrospective at Centre Pompidou.
Then he moved to Paris, where he started making videos for Lidewij Edelkoort, one of the world's most renowned trend forecasters.
In 2012 he was commissioned by the New Yorker organization Elastic City to produce an interactive performance that gives birth to his latest shortfilm "Les Amants du Pont Dieu". Shot with 12 simultaneous long takes along the Canal Saint-Martin in Paris.
He also does video installations. His most recent works include "Nicole Kidman cries over Kubrick's death" showed in 42RL, (Paris) and "The weight of the artist" showed in General Public, (Berlin).

</doc>
<doc id="31067833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067833" title="Pioneer PR7820">
Pioneer PR7820

The Pioneer PR7820 was the first mass-produced industrial laserdisc player, sold originally as the MCA DiscoVision PR-7820. This unit was used in many General Motors dealerships as a source of training videos and presentation of GM's new line of cars and trucks in the late 1970s and early 1980s. After MCA DiscoVision shut down, Pioneer continued to sell the player under the Pioneer name as the Pioneer Model-III. The unit was a full Level-III player and could accept a data-dump from discs themselves. It could also be controlled by an external computer and could be genlocked to external video sources.
Overview.
The 7820 is the only player ever sold to either the industrial or consumer market that was entirely designed and engineered by the technicians at MCA Disco-Vision and contained all of their preferred design approaches, such as playing the disc with the laser on top (instead of underneath) and moving the disc radially to provide tracking instead of moving the laser radially. MCA engineers designed the player at the DiscoVision labs in Torrance, California and Universal-Pioneer mass produced it in Japan. The 7820 was such a high-quality player that MCA themselves used it at their DiscoVision disc pressing plant in Carson, California for quality control checks of both master discs and finished sets. Unfortunately, this caused problems because the 7820 could easily play discs that the consumer player, the Magnavox VH-8000, could not cope with.
Updates.
In 1980, Discovision Associates released a factory update ("it could also be retrofitted to existing 7820s") that reduced disc search times to less than 3 seconds, and added the ability to jump up to 99 tracks during vertical blanking, giving essentially "instant" searches. An external computer interface box was also made available at the same time which contained additional memory that increased the total size of a disc-based computer program the 7820 could store and execute to 256k.
Tracking.
The 7820 was the first LD player to use solid-state tangential tracking — instead of a tangential tracking mirror, the 7820 used an electronic CCD delay line to provide tangential tracking corrections, giving the player superb color quality. It wasn't until 1985/6 that the tangential mirror began to be replaced by electronic correction, first by Yamaha in their first consumer LD player, and eventually, by Pioneer themselves.
Pricing.
MCA DiscoVision had no suggested retail price for the PR-7820. Depending on the number purchased, it varied from $3,500 to $2,200 per unit if more than 1000 were bought at once. Fully functional 7820s are not easily available on eBay and are nearly impossible to find in fully functional condition. Because they have a steel chassis, weight is a shipping problem.

</doc>
<doc id="31067834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067834" title="Teruki Tabata">
Teruki Tabata

Teruki Tabata (born April 16, 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067845" title="Tomonori Tsunematsu">
Tomonori Tsunematsu

Tomonori Tsunematsu (born July 16, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067850" title="Football in São Tomé and Príncipe">
Football in São Tomé and Príncipe

The sport of football in the country of São Tomé and Príncipe is run by the Federação Santomense de Futebol. The association administers the national football team, as well as the São Tomé and Príncipe Championship.
National team.
The São Tomé and Príncipe national team has been one of the weakest in Africa and, having been inactive between 2003 and 2011, was at one point no longer included in the FIFA World Rankings. In 2011 the national team made a comeback, even beating Lesotho in a two-leg play-off in the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations qualification before being eliminated by Sierra Leone.
Club football.
The São Tomé and Príncipe Championship is the country's top competition, with Sporting Praia Cruz and Vitória FC (Riboque) its most successful clubs. It is not however a league in the conventional sense but rather is decided by a play-off between the winners of the São Tomé Island League and the Príncipe Island League. A national cup, the Taça Nacional de São Tomé e Príncipe, is also contested irregularly.

</doc>
<doc id="31067857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067857" title="Prochoreutis extrincicella">
Prochoreutis extrincicella

Prochoreutis extrincicella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in North America, including Illinois, Maryland and Kentucky.
The forewings are pale straw yellow, with a pale brown basal area, median area, and terminal line. The antemedian line is broad and relatively straight. Black spots are present in an oblong patch near the anal angle in the pale postmedian area, with a small subterminal black dot above. There is faint blackish dusting along the veins of the upper postmedian area and there are metallic spots present in black spots. The fringe is straw with some brown on the outer edge. The hindwings are very pale drab yellow and the fringe is near white. The body is very pale brown.
Adults are on wing in June.

</doc>
<doc id="31067864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067864" title="Hubert Kah">
Hubert Kah

Hubert Kah is a German synthpop band, led by Hubert Kemmler (born 22 March 1961 in Reutlingen). Kemmler is a German musician, composer, songwriter and producer.
Biography.
Kemmler's career began as a member of a trio named Hubert Kah, consisting of Hubert Kemmler (vocals, keyboards), Markus Löhr (guitars, keyboards) and Klaus Hirschburger (bass) at the time of the New German wave 1982 commercial success with the singles "Rosemarie", "Sternenhimmel" and "Einmal Nur Mit Erika... (Dieser Welt Entfliehn)", and with the albums "Meine Höhepunkte" and "Ich Komme". During this time, Kemmler caused quite a stir by his TV appearances, wearing a nightdress or straitjacket. Before Kemmler's music career, he studied law at the University of Tübingen.
As of 1984, the band began working with producer Michael Cretu. After a German album "Goldene Zeiten" (1984), the band recorded the English language albums "Tensongs" (1986) and "Sound of My Heart" (1989), which were partly successful internationally. Together with Michael Cretu, Kemmler wrote and produced songs for other artists, including "Dancing Into Danger" by Inker & Hamilton, "Love at First Sight" by the band Münchener Freiheit and a number of tracks by Sandra such as "Maria Magdalena", "Heaven Can Wait", when wife Susanna Kemmler was partly responsible for the background vocals.
Hubert Kemmler fell ill in the latter 1980s with depression and withdrew from music completely. After his recovery he appeared with a new version of the band in 1996 with the self-titled "Hubert Kah" and the singles "C'est La Vie" and "Sailing". The production with classic elements was not commercially as successful as hoped for by Kemmler. In 1998, a new single "Love Chain" and a "Best Of" CD were released. Kemmler then became ill again and had to undergo medical treatment.
In 2005, Kemmler began his second comeback with the album "Seelentaucher". The first single was called "No Rain". The album featured a mixture of English and German language tracks.
In the spring of 2007, Hubert Kah went as Ice King Kini in the musical "Princess Lillifee", on tour in Germany. On 26 May 2007, he was one of four guests of honor at the acoustic concert of the band ASP on the Wave-Gotik-Treffen 2007 in Leipzig.
Hubert recorded new songs with Sandra for her new album Stay In Touch which is released on late 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31067875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067875" title="Yuji Nakayoshi">
Yuji Nakayoshi

Yuji Nakayoshi (born September 4, 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067879" title="Sonko">
Sonko

Sonko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31067898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067898" title="T. Sankara Warrier">
T. Sankara Warrier

Edakkunni Sankara Warrier also known simply as Sankara Warrier, was an Indian civil servant and administrator who served as the Diwan of the Kingdom of Cochin from 1840 to 1856. His sons T. Sankunni Menon and T. Govindan Menon have also served as Diwans of Cochin.
Biography.
Sankara Warrier was born in a Nair family in Ollur, Thrissur City in the Kingdom of Cochin. He joined the Cochin state service as a clerk and rose to become Diwan in 1840. As Diwan he was noted for his administrative abilities, which enabled Cochin to rise to the forefront among princely states. Sankara Warrier is, especially, remembered for prevailing upon the Maharaja to issue a proclamation abolishing slavery on February 16, 1854.
Death.
Sankara Warrier died in 1856 and was succeeded as Diwan by Venkata Rayar.

</doc>
<doc id="31067899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067899" title="Kleber Romero">
Kleber Romero

Kleber Romero (born February 14, 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067902" title="Julia Vysotskaya">
Julia Vysotskaya

Julia Aleksandrovna Vysotskaya (born August 16, 1973, Novocherkassk) is a Russian actress and television presenter.
Biography.
She finished high school № 9 in the city of Baku in 1990. She graduated in drama from the Belarusian State Academy of Arts in 1995 and the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art in 1998.
She worked at the Belarusian Yanka Kupala National Academic Theatre, where she played the lead role in productions of "The Star Without a Name" and "The Bald Soprano" among others.
She currently acts in productions staged at the Mossovet Academy Theatre.
In 2008 she was invited to be the culinary supervisor at a Russian evening held during the World Economic Forum in London. In 2009 she was culinary director of the Moscow restaurant "Family Floor".
Since 2003 she has presented the evening programme "Let's Eat at Home!" and the morning show "Breakfast with Julia Vysotskaya" on NTV channel.
She has been the editor-in-chief of the culinary magazine «KhlebSol'" since 2009, year in which she also helped set up the www.edimdoma.ru culinary social network and the first online cooking channel www.edimdoma.tv where users can watch Julia Vysotskaya preparing dishes, and her video blog, which is regularly updated with new content.
Vysotskaya is the author of numerous cooking bestsellers, of which she has already sold over one and half million copies.
Family.
She has been married to film director Andrei Mikhalkov-Konchalovsky since 1998. They have two children, a daughter, Masha (1999), and a son, Peter (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="31067914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067914" title="Alexis Kirke">
Alexis Kirke

Alexis Kirke is a composer and filmmaker known for his interdisciplinary practice. He has been called "the Philip K. Dick of contemporary music". Alexis is British and lives in Plymouth, in South West England. Alexis says he takes his inspiration from both the Arts and from Science/Technology - and has two doctorates - one from each of those Faculties at Plymouth University. In particular, his highest profile work has been motivated by interests in quantum mechanics, marine science, stock markets, and artificial intelligence. Alexis is Permanent Research Fellow in Music at the Interdisciplinary Centre for Computer Music Research at the Plymouth University, and is composer-in-residence for the Plymouth Marine Institute.
Sound projects.
Alexis' most recent music projects were "Sound-Wave", wherein he turned the UK's most advanced wave tank into a giant musical instrument for the opening of the Plymouth Marine Institute building by the Duke of Edinburgh; and the financial "reality opera" "Open Outcry", in which performers trade real money by singing, sponsored by Barclays.
Alexis initially gained recognition for his performance "Sunlight Symphony", which turned the University of Plymouth's iconic Roland Levinsky Building into a musical instrument played by the rising sun. His first performance supported by Plymouth Marine Institute was "Fast Travel", in which a saxophonist interacted with live artificially-intelligent whale schools. Other prominent works include "Cloud Chamber" with a violinist playing a duet with subatomic particles in real-time - and "Insight" in which Alexis (who has the harmless visual condition palinopsia) simulated his hallucinations live on an iPad, which were turned into sound accompanied by a flautist.
Alexis has collaborated with composers and performers such as John Matthias, Eduardo Reck Miranda, DJ Pierre, Lola Perrin, and Martyn Ware.
Film projects.
Alexis' best known film project is the writing, directing, and soundtracking of the short film "Many Worlds" (2013) - a 15-minute movie about a human version of a Schrodinger's Suicide experiment. The movie has four possible scripts, with four possible endings. All four scripts are filmed, and then bio-signals are collected from a sample of the audience live during the screening; a computer uses this data to select live which version of the film is shown at any moment, depending on how bored or interested the audience is at the time. The film has premiered at the Peninsula Arts Contemporary Music Festival 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31067917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067917" title="Juergensen Marine">
Juergensen Marine

Juergensen Marine Inc. is a USA rebreather gear manufacturer. It was founded in 1996 by Kevin Juergensen. It is an important maker of modern diving rebreathers including modern electronic-controlled fully closed-circuit rebreathers.
Kevin Juergensen.
Kevin Juergensen is a filmmaker, diver, inventor and scuba equipment manufacturer. As a Diver, he was one of the very first rebreather divers in the modern rebreather era (1995), and logged hundreds of dives using the Mark 16 rebreather which Juergensen Marine makes, while producing over 27 underwater wildlife documentaries for the Discovery Channel. He is the recipient of the International Wildlife Film Festival lifetime achievement award, and also was selected (along with Al Gore and Jacques Cousteau) as one of the Wyland Foundation "Who's Who"
He founded Juergensen Marine, Inc. in 1996, and Juergensen Defense Corporation in 2006. Juergensen Marine is one of the "Founding Companies" of the modern rebreather industry.
He hold Patents for the Display Integrated Vibrating Alarm (US Patent No. 7,628,153) and Patents Pending for several other Rebreather Innovations.
His company, Juergensen Marine, has over 2000 Control systems incorporated into rebreathers worldwide, and his sister company, Juergensen Defense currently conducts business with the US Navy, NATO, Korea, Turkey, and Greece.
The corporate headquarters are located in Addison, Pennsylvania, which also contains the Private Airport PS27 known as "Juergensen Airpark and Maritime Facility" under FAA registration.
Producer career.
Juergensen began producing films in 1976, his filmography includes such series work as “An Everyman’s Guide to the Planets” hosted by Joseph Campanella, The Practical Guide to the Universe starring actor Tom Selleck, and starring actor Dan Aykroyd

</doc>
<doc id="31067921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067921" title="Prochoreutis inflatella">
Prochoreutis inflatella

The Skullcap Skeletonizer Moth ("Prochoreutis inflatella") is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in eastern North America.
The wingspan is 9–11 mm. The forewings are dark brown with heavy whitish dusting. The basal area and postmedian area are drab orange, sometimes reddish. The antemedian line is metallic silver, sharply bent outwards, but usually obscure. The postmedian line is metallic silver and sharply bent outwards in the lower half. The fringe is pale with a dark brown base. The hindwings are brown, but darker towards the outer margin. There is a long and thin metallic silver line near the anal angle. The body is dark brown.
Adults are on wing from June to September. There are several generations per year.
The larvae feed on "Scutellaria" species, including "Scutellaria lateriflora". They skeletonise the leaves, bending the leaf upwards and the edges together. They feed under slight webbing. The first larvae appear in March, only shortly after the host plant begins growth. Pupation occurs in a fusiform, multi-layered cocoon of white silk.

</doc>
<doc id="31067928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067928" title="Aleksotas Funicular Railway">
Aleksotas Funicular Railway

Aleksotas Funicular Railway () is a funicular railway located in Aleksotas elderate of Kaunas, Lithuania. The funicular constructed on the right bank of the Nemunas River was officially opened on 6 December 1935. The track of the Aleksotas funicular remained unchanged. It is a monorail with a separation in the centre of the track for carriages to pass. Special automatic brakes were installed in carriages not to let them run down in case of cable damage. The length of funicular is , gradient - 29.5 degrees. Authentic traction equipment, including the genuine pre-war wagons, wooden seats, and stop platforms of the funicular are still used.
The funicular climbs from the end of the Vytautas the Great Bridge to the Aleksotas hill from where the panorama of the Old Town of Kaunas can be experienced. It was included into the Registry of Immovable Cultural Heritage Sites of the Republic of Lithuania in 1996.
Periodic KVT tickets can be used here.

</doc>
<doc id="31067931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067931" title="Yuki Imamura">
Yuki Imamura

Yuki Imamura (born July 11, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067938" title="The Gunstringer">
The Gunstringer

The Gunstringer is a video game developed by Twisted Pixel Games and published by Microsoft Studios for Xbox 360 with Kinect. It was released on September 13, 2011 in North America and September 16, 2011 in Europe. It was originally planned as an Xbox Live Arcade release, but was later made into a full retail game.
Gameplay.
"The Gunstringer" is a Kinect title which makes use of the player's body to control the game rather than a gamepad. The player controls the character's movement with their left hand, while the right is used to aim and fire the character's gun. Players can mark multiple enemies to fire on and once the player makes a firing gesture all marked enemies are shot by the character. Certain moments in the game are presented as a rail shooter and allow the player to use both hands to control two guns while the character moves along a pre-defined path.
Synopsis.
"The Gunstringer" is set as a play which takes place in the Old West. The game is played as though it were acted out on a theatre stage. It begins with live action footage in a theater (The Paramount Theater in Austin, TX) where people have attended to see the show. The setting of the play revolves around a character known simply as The Gunstringer, an undead marionette sheriff betrayed by his posse. The game begins as he rises from his grave, bent on revenge.
Development and marketing.
The game was first announced February 1, 2011. A trailer showcasing elements of gameplay was released at that time. Prior to the announcement developers Twisted Pixel Games shot live action footage to integrate with the game. The video shoot took place at The Paramount Theatre in the developer's location of Austin, Texas.
The character was designed by Josh Bear, President of Twisted Pixel Games. The idea was created during a meeting between Twisted Pixel and publisher Microsoft Studios. During a moment while Twisted Pixel were alone in the meeting they noticed a painting of an Old West-styled skeleton and decided to use it as a theme for their character. Bear later revealed that the idea was fleshed out in the few minutes that the Microsoft Studios representative had left the table. Twisted Pixel's original idea could not be done with the capabilities Kinect then had and the team had to change the pitch quickly. "It was really cool, but it didn't have the fidelity to do what we wanted, it couldn't really track finger movements," Bear said. "I was like 'Oh shit, we're going to pitch this whole thing and they're gonna know that it's not possible with the hardware.'"
"The Gunstringer" was distributed with a code to download an Xbox Live Arcade Kinect title, "Fruit Ninja Kinect". A free downloadable content addon was also released, entitled "Wavy Tube Man Chronicles". Instead of the hybrid computer generated/live action presentation of the main game, this add on is Troma's live action FMV rail shooter in the vein of laserdisc games like Mad Dog McCree. The soundtrack was also made available at no charge via the game's official website.
Reception.
Gunstringer has received overall positive ratings with a 77 on Metacritic.

</doc>
<doc id="31067941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067941" title="Fuzz Machine">
Fuzz Machine

Fuzz Machine is the fourth album by guitarist/singer-songwriter Marc Ford. The album was released initially at Marc Ford's live shows on his tour of Spain with The Steepwater Band in February 2010. Later, it saw an online-exclusive release via BandCamp. Fuzz Machine was recorded in the Fall of 2007 by Ford's then-current band shortly after they returned from a nearly year-long stint on the road. The album was shelved prior to its release as Ford opted to form, tour, and record with The Neptune Blues Club instead.
Track listing.
All songs written by Marc Ford.

</doc>
<doc id="31067942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067942" title="Keiji Koizumi">
Keiji Koizumi

Keiji Koizumi (born July 28, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067949" title="Rene Toft Hansen">
Rene Toft Hansen

Rene Toft Hansen (born 1 November 1984) is a Danish handballer, playing for the German league club THW Kiel. He had his first game with the Danish national team in 2005.
He is European Champion with the Danes, after winning the 2012 Championship in Serbia, defeating the host nation in the final, 21-19. Also, he won the silver medal at the World Men's Handball Championship in 2013 in Spain (after losing to Spain 35-19) and in 2011 in Sweden (after losing to France in the overtime 35-37)
Hansen moved to THW Kiel for the 2012-2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31067954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067954" title="Carolyn Stewart">
Carolyn Stewart

Carolyn Stewart is a popular radio presenter on U105, a station broadcasting in the Greater Belfast region of Northern Ireland. 
Her broadcasting career began in 1990 when she was appointed one of the original DJ's at the launch of Cool FM, sister station of Downtown Radio based in Newtownards, near Belfast. She was the original afternoon presenter with Cool FM and went on to work on many shows including the hugely successful "Cool Goes Quiet", later to become "Lights Out", which at that point was drawing more listeners than the breakfast show, which was then the biggest radio show of the day! Stewart stayed with Cool FM until 2005 when she was offered a frontline broadcasting role at new UTV-owned radio station U105. 
One of Northern Ireland's most well-known broadcasters and club DJ's, she has also worked in television on UTV, the regional channel for the Northern Ireland region of the ITV Network, co-presenting its Saturday morning youth show "SUS" with comedian Patrick Kielty in 1993. 
Her current schedule on U105 is 12-3pm on week days and 6-10pm on Saturdays. Stewart previously did her show later in the evening on week days. On her show she tackles a host of issues and helps with problems such as gardening and pet care.
U105.
Her show tackles all current issues for the U105 listeners, by getting in experts in pet care, gardening, nutrition and money experts.

</doc>
<doc id="31067959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067959" title="Vehement">
Vehement

Vehement may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31067960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067960" title="Casino 2000">
Casino 2000

Casino 2000 is a gaming casino and entertainment complex located in Mondorf-les-Bains in southern Luxembourg. It houses the country's only gambling facilities.
Facilities.
Opened in April 1983, the Casino 2000 complex brings together facilities for gambling, dining, accommodation and shows attracting almost half a million visitors a year. In addition to its many slot machines, the casino has roulette and blackjack tables. The frequent shows feature well-known stars and bands. In 2011, responding to the need for additional business facilities, a partitionable hall of 1,325 square metres (14,260 square feet) was built to accommodate meetings, conferences, exhibitions or fairs.
History.
Since the 1840s, several unsuccessful attempts were made to obtain permission to open a casino in Mondorf-les-Bains. It was, however, only in 1977 that the Luxembourg parliament approved a bill authorizing gambling in Luxembourg. In September 1977, Mondorf-les-Bains was chosen as the only location in the country where a casino could operate. After the establishment of a company called "Casino de jeux du Luxembourg, Mondorf-les-Bains/Luxemburgische Spielbank Bad Mondorf", the cornerstone of the building was laid in May 1982. Costing 350 million Luxembourg francs, the casino was opened at an inauguration ceremony on 16 April 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31067961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067961" title="Lactofree">
Lactofree

Lactofree is a brand of lactose free dairy products aimed at individuals with lactose intolerance. The brand was launched by Arla Foods UK in 2006 and is available in the UK. In September 2010, Lactofree began licensing its lactose removing patent to other producers.
Up to September 2010, Lactofree had seen a 37% growth year on year.

</doc>
<doc id="31067969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067969" title="Prochoreutis sororculella">
Prochoreutis sororculella

Prochoreutis sororculella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in North America, including California and Ontario.
It is similar to "Tebenna onustana", but both the fore- and hindwings are a more chocolate brown and the black spots may be arranged differently.

</doc>
<doc id="31067985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067985" title="Eiichi Uemura">
Eiichi Uemura

Eiichi Uemura (born December 1, 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31067986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31067986" title="William Latimer (disambiguation)">
William Latimer (disambiguation)

William Latimer is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31068005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068005" title="Cabinet of Malawi">
Cabinet of Malawi

The Cabinet of Malawi is the executive branch of the government, made up of the President, Vice President, Ministers and Deputy Ministers responsible for the different departments.

</doc>
<doc id="31068006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068006" title="Sendai Mediatheque">
Sendai Mediatheque

Sendai Mediatheque is a library in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan. It was designed by Toyo Ito in 1995 and completed in 2001.
History.
The Sendai Mediatheque held its official opening on January 26, 2001, however the initial impetus for the project began as early as August, 1989 when the Arts Association of Miyagi Prefecture requested the construction of a new museum in Sendai. Between 1989 and 1994 the site of an old bus depot was selected for the new project, and the program was expanded to include the replacement of the existing library. After a public consultation, an architectural competition was held for the design of the Mediatheque, and in March 1995 Toyo Ito and Associates Architects was named the winner out of 235 competing proposals.
Ito’s proposal was conceptually rooted in an idea of “fluid” space of technology discussed in his 1997 article Tarzan in the Media Jungle. Rather than viewing media as a foreign element to nature, Ito embraced new media/computing as forming an integral part of the contemporary urban environment. The building was conceived as a transparent cube through which thin floor plates float suspended on organic-looking seaweed-like “tubes.” The cube was meant to be read as a small representative element of an infinite, viscous information space, with the four edges sealed with glass facades which, through their reflections, would allow the building to alternately dematerialize or repeat itself creating a kind of ephemeral connection with infinite space. This concept of ephemerality of partitions was intimately linked with the Mediatheque’s mission to be barrier-free, in the sense of providing specialized services to those with visual, auditory or other physical impairments . Ito considered that the new library, as its role in the city shifts from a place of mere access to text-based information, requires a corresponding shift in the meaning of the term barrier-free to include a removal of architectural barriers which dictate how a space must be used.
"The government enjoined us to make Sendai Mediatheque "barrier free," meaning free of barriers obstructing access by the weak or the handicapped. I took "barrier free" to mean also freedom from administrative constraints. It is precisely because I wanted to restore vitality and joy to the spaces of public facilities that the tubes, which caused many people so much trouble to erect, came to exist."
Ito also refers to Mies' Barcelona Pavilion and Le Corbusier’s Dom-ino house as precedents for his work, and indeed, the Mediatheque appears to mix concepts from the two projects, combining le Corbusier’s play with slab and column structure, with Mies “fluid” spatial effects achieved through combined transparency and reflectivity of materials.
Location.
The Sendai Mediatheque is located in the heart of the city of Sendai, only a few blocks away from the city hall. The building sits flush with Jozenji street, a six-lane divided boulevard, although there are entrances on all four sides of the building. The diaphanous glass and metal façade of the institution, while differing from the mainly white, opaque volumes of the neighbouring buildings, blends harmoniously with the environment during the daytime due to its reflectivity, while at night the interior lighting scheme transforms the volume into a multi-hued lantern. The ground floor is conceived as an extension of the street, with a cafe, bookstore, and event plaza sitting freely (without partitions) within the ground floor space, with views to the sidewalk through the double-glazed facade facing Jozenji Street.
This extension of the city into the building continues throughout all seven floors above ground; a gesture which reinforces Ito’s resistance to the rigid limitation of activities in the building to within predetermined areas.
The building.
The Sendai Mediatheque is a mixed-program public facility which combines library and art gallery functions located in the city of Sendai, Japan. Toyo Ito's winning entry for an open competition commissioned by the city of Sendai in 1995, the innovative building opened to the public in January 2001. The Mediatheque's seven levels of facilities offer a range of services including a conventional book-lending library, an extensive collection of film and audio recordings with stations for both viewing and editing, a theatre, to a cafe and bookstore, all housed in a nearly cubic glass enclosure. The seven platforms are supported by what Ito calls "characterizing" architectural elements: a forest of 13 non-uniform tubes which appear to rise fluidly through the building. Architecturally, the building is considered an important milestone in Ito's career.
"In terms of architectural genre the Sendai Mediatheque was a pioneering example of attempts to use new notions of 'media' as an architectural concept."
This project’s importance is derived from its poetic imagery, avant-garde program and technical innovation. In Ito’s own words:
Organization.
Ito, in creating the Sendai Mediatheque, acknowledged that it would be an institution devoted to accommodating changing technologies. While the design of the Mediatheque is meant to encourage a flexibility of use through the blurring of boundaries found in traditional library and museum typologies, Ito resists the characterization of the space inside the center as the “homogenous” or "universal" space of modernism.
"The Sendai Mediatheque has been constantly changing from the beginning. However, it differs from universal space in that there is considerable variation depending on where you are in the building. for example, the spaces to the South and to the North are quite distinct because of the quality of light and wall surfaces, so their uses are determined by the given spatial conditions to some degree - although quite loosely, of course. Basically, universal space implies the possibility of doing anything anywhere in a homogeneous environment. Sendai is very different."
Indeed, reinforcing the subtle differences in spatial composition provided by the tubes, each level’s ceiling height and design, partition material and lighting colour reinforce the differentiation in uses to create space which could not fairly be described as homogeneous. Perhaps most striking, however, is the differentiation between levels is the furniture designed by several different designers which through colour, style, and layout becomes one of the most prominent identifying features of a particular floor.
Structure and materials.
The structure of the Sendai Mediatheque is composed of three main elements: tubes, plates and skin.
The plates (floor slabs) are composed of a honeycomb- like network of steel sections infilled with lightweight concrete. The steel honeycomb structure allows the plate to span between irregularly spaced vertical supports without beams, and with minimal thickness of the slab itself. Each floor hosts a different set of the building’s many facilities which are more or less free to interact with each other over the surface of a given plate.
The skin, or facade treatment differs on all five exposed sides of the building, modulating light and views, creating a uniformity across each face of the cube during the day. The main (south-facing) facade is double-glazed and functions as part of the building’s climate control system. The materials which compose the skin range from glass, to steel panels, to aluminium mesh.
The most striking structural elements are the tubes, composed of thick-walled steel pipes; they range in size from 7 to 30 inches In diameter. Although they appear to be continuous, the tubes were actually manufactured in floor-height segments and were assembled sequentially, floor-by-floor. The tubes perform a number of functions. Firstly, they serve to structurally support the building. The four tubes closest to the outer corners of the plates were designed to resist a 400 year earthquake, while the others resist the vertical gravity loads. As a test to its integrity, the building survived the March 2011 earthquake with little to no damage.
The tubes also house vertical circulation of air, water, electricity, light and people within the building. The constant motion of people through the stairs and elevators, as well as the glow of light passing through these tubes creates a perceptual link between the floors, and the functions they house, which might otherwise have felt isolated from one another. Because the tubes create links throughout the full height of the building, they are often glazed to provide fire protection between floors.
In the plane of a specific floor, the non-standard layout loosely manipulates the layout of the floor plan. The size of each tube is determined by its internal function – stairs, elevator, light shaft. Moreover, since the exact dimensions of the tubes vary from floor to floor, this variation, along with differentiation in the lighting colours between floors, adds a distinctive character to each level. Structure becomes ornamentation.

</doc>
<doc id="31068016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068016" title="Obrh, Dolenjske Toplice">
Obrh, Dolenjske Toplice

Obrh () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in the historical region of Lower Carniola in Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31068017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068017" title="Jesse Pickens Pugh Farmstead">
Jesse Pickens Pugh Farmstead

The Jesse Pickens Pugh Farmstead is a historic homestead near Grove Hill in rural Clarke County, Alabama. The homestead contains seven contributing buildings, two contributing sites, and one contributing structure. These include a half-spraddle roof cottage that was built in 1865, agricultural outbuildings, agricultural fields, and burials. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 28, 1999, due to its architectural significance. 
Background.
Jesse Pickens Pugh was born on April 17, 1829 in Clarke County, Alabama. He was the son of Isaac Pugh, born in 1785 in Georgia, and Hanna Baskin, born 1793 in South Carolina. Isaac and Hanna Pugh settled in what was to become Clarke County in 1810, prior to the establishment of the county within the Mississippi Territory and the ensuing Creek War. His paternal grandfather, Elijah Pugh of North Carolina and Georgia, followed in 1811 and settled on adjoining land. Elijah Pugh was a Revolutionary War veteran. 
Jesse Pickens Pugh married Sophia Bettis, born 1839, on January 8, 1858 in Clarke County. Together they established their residence here and had ten children, with nine living into adulthood. Jesse Pickens Pugh died on March 12, 1929 and is buried in the Pugh family cemetery. 

</doc>
<doc id="31068023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068023" title="Matúš Pekár">
Matúš Pekár

Matúš Pekár (born 16 March 1984 in Bojnice) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for FK Haniska, on loan from 1. FC Tatran Prešov.

</doc>
<doc id="31068031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068031" title="Jean Cotelle">
Jean Cotelle

Jean Cotelle, 'the younger' (1642–1708) was a painter and engraver, born in Paris. He received his early instruction from his father, Jean Cotelle, and eventually visited Italy. On his return he devoted himself to his profession, producing historical paintings, miniatures, and occasionally etchings. His chef-d'oeuvre was the 'Marriage at Cana,' painted in 1681 for the cathedral of Notre-Dame. There are by him at Versailles several views in the gardens of that palace. He etched a plate representing 'Our Lord on the Mount of Olives,' and a series of seven scenes from the history of Venus. He was admitted into the Academy in 1672, and died at Villers-sur-Marne in 1708.

</doc>
<doc id="31068037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068037" title="Tensongs">
Tensongs

Tensongs is the first English language album by German synthpop band Hubert Kah. It was released in 1986.
Three singles were released from the album, "Limousine", "Something I Should Know" and "Love is So Sensible". The opening track "Pogo the Clown" is a reference to American serial killer John Wayne Gacy. "Get Strange" featured on the 1986 film Rad.
Chart performance.
Singles.
Limousine
Something I Should Know

</doc>
<doc id="31068041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068041" title="Anthophila abhasica">
Anthophila abhasica

Anthophila abhasica is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Germany, the Czech Republic, Austria, Slovakia, Serbia and Montenegro, Romania, Ukraine, Georgia and Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="31068052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068052" title="Kyrgyzstani presidential election, 1991">
Kyrgyzstani presidential election, 1991

Presidential elections was held for the first time in Kyrgyzstan on 13 October 1991. The only candidate was Askar Akayev, who won 95.4% of the vote. Voter turnout reported to be 89.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="31068069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068069" title="Anthophila threnodes">
Anthophila threnodes

Anthophila threnodes is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Madeira.

</doc>
<doc id="31068079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068079" title="2010–11 Serbian First League (basketball)">
2010–11 Serbian First League (basketball)

The 2010–11 Serbian First League season is the 5th season of the Serbian First league (Basketball), the third professional basketball league in Serbia. The 182-game regular season (26 games for each of the 14 teams) began on Saturday, October 2, 2010, and will end on Sunday, April 17, 2011.
Teams for 2010–11 season.
Group North
Regular season.
Serbian Second League Group West.
P=Matches played, W=Matches won, L=Matches lost, F=Points for, A=Points against, D=Points difference, Pts=Points

</doc>
<doc id="31068097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068097" title="Edenilson Bergonsi">
Edenilson Bergonsi

Edenilson Bergonsi known as Edenilson (born 13 September 1987) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for CSKA Sofia in the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group. He also holds Italian nationality.
Career.
Edenilson started his professional career at Mogi Mirim of Campeonato Paulista Série A2 before returned to native Rio Grande do Sul state in March 2007. He played for Esportivo in 2007 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and moved to Cerâmica on 26 September 2008, which finished as the runner-up of 2008 Copa FGF. he also trailed for Legnano at the start of 2008–09 season.
In December 2008 he was signed by Brasil de Pelotas in 1-year contract. He left for Juventude after the end of 2009 Campeonato Gaúcho. He only played 3 times in 2009 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B, and 8 times in 2010 Campeonato Gaúcho.
Europe.
In July 2010, Edenilson joined Italian club Varese, but failed to make a single appearance in the Serie B. He only played 3 games in the Campionato Nazionale Primavera.
In January 2011, Edenilson left for Belgian Second Division side FC Brussels along with team-mate Café. He made his debut for Brussels in their match against Rupel Boom on 4 February, coming on as a second half substitute for Sébastien Siani. He scored his first two goals in a 3–2 win against Waasland-Beveren at Edmond Machtens Stadium on 19 March. Edenilson ended the season with 11 appearances.
On 30 July 2012, Edenilson signed with Bulgarian A Professional Football Group club Cherno More on a three-year deal. In June 2014, Bergonsi joined CSKA Sofia on a one-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="31068099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068099" title="John Feary">
John Feary

John Feary (fl. 1770–1788), was a landscape painter.
Feary obtained a premium from the Society of Arts in 1766 for a drawing from the Duke of Richmond's gallery (for artists under twenty-one), and in 1776 was awarded a large silver pallet for a landscape. He first appears as an exhibitor with the Free Society of Artists in 1770, sending ‘A View from Maise Hill in Greenwich Park,’ and ‘A View of a Storm breaking from the Surrey side of Westminster Bridge;’ in 1771 he sent to the same exhibition ‘A View taken from Highgate Hill.’ In 1772 he appears as an exhibitor at the Royal Academy with ‘A View of Clapham Common, taken from the North Side,’ and he was a frequent contributor up to 1788, in which year he exhibited ‘A View of Castle Hill, Devonshire,’ after which he disappears. Feary, who was of deformed stature, is stated to have been a pupil of Richard Wilson, R.A., and his landscapes were very neatly finished. He was employed to paint views of the parks and mansions of the nobility and gentry, some of which have been engraved.

</doc>
<doc id="31068103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068103" title="Rannoch Barracks">
Rannoch Barracks

Rannoch Barracks was a military barracks constructed in 1746 at Bridge of Gaur (Braes of Rannoch), Perthshire, Scotland, at the western end of Loch Rannoch. The barracks were built in response to the Jacobite uprising of 1745.
The present Rannoch Barracks is the Scottish residence of Baron Pearson of Rannoch, a British businessman and the former leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP). Situated on a estate, the shooting lodge is named after the former barracks.
The Barracks are near to the church and deserted hamlet at Braes of Rannoch.
The barracks.
The barracks were built in 1746 in response to the Jacobite uprisings, and to overawe the Robertson clan, though, by a strange quirk of fate, they would later become the residence of the chief. Following the defeat of the Jacobites at Culloden (1746), "Butcher" Cumberland ordered his troops to show no quarter to any remaining Jacobite rebels. The Hanoverian Army (known as "Redcoats") then embarked upon the so-called "pacification" of Jacobite areas of the Highlands. Numerous barracks were constructed throughout the Highlands to house the Government troops, including one at the head of Loch Rannoch at Braes of Rannoch (now called Bridge of Gaur). It is likely that it was a thatched-roof construction, more quarters than castle.
Rannoch's clans had played a full part in the Jacobite uprisings. All those the troops believed to be rebels were killed, as were some non-combatants. "Rebellious" settlements were burned and livestock was confiscated on a large scale.
When the reprisals ceased, the warriors returned. However, without crops or cattle, there seemed no alternative open to them but thieving, and sheer hunger drove them to commit savage deeds. A Captain Patton of Guise’s Regiment said, "the people of this country are the greatest thieves in Scotland and were all in the late rebellion, except for a few. They have a great number of arms but they keep them concealed from us."
Places such as Banff, Aberdeen, Angus and Mearns suffered from the depredations of the thieves of Rannoch. In the 1747, a band of Rannoch thieves was intercepted and forty head of cattle were recovered from them. There are dozens of similar reports which gave a fair indication of the problems facing the soldiers. 
The infamous Sergeant Mhor (the great Sergeant), an ex-soldier who led one of the gangs, was held in Rannoch Barracks before being taken to Inverness where he was condemned as a thief and executed. He protested his innocence saying he had "never killed a man but in self-defence: that he never took what was not his own, except a sheep from the hills, to give him and his food."
The soldiers struggled to cope with the lawlessness and aimed to bring peace to the area. Dugald Buchanan (1716–1768), a teacher and an evangelist, preaching at large open air meetings, which upwards of 500 people attended, showing great courage as he persuaded the "wild men" to give up their lawlessness and savage ways. He and his wife taught them new trades and crafts. They worked with James Small, an older brother of Major-General John Small and formerly an Ensign in Lord Loudoun’s Regiment, who had been appointed by the Commissioners for the Forfeited Estates to run the Rannoch estates, which had been seized from the clan chieftains who had supported the Jacobites. The tiny hamlet at the east end of Loch Rannoch, now known as Kinloch Rannoch, was enlarged and settled, mainly by soldiers being discharged from the army, but also by displaced crofters. 
A wide range of agricultural and other improvement works were undertaken across the estates, including drainage, road making and bridge building. Slowly peace and prosperity were brought to Rannoch. Flax and potatoes were introduced, mills built and spinning and weaving taught; a mason, joiner and wheelwright passed on their skills; a shoemaker and tailor set up business.
Buchanan is commemorated by a monument erected in The Square at Kinloch Rannoch and by the first Church built at the Braes of Rannoch, or Georgetown as it was known at the time, named after the King George II. This latter name was swiftly changed again after the Redcoats' withdrawal from the area.
The main building was converted from a barracks into a shooting lodge between 1798 and 1803.
The first church in Bridge of Gaur was built a few hundred yards west of the current church in 1776. This was replaced by a church on the present site in 1855, until it in turn was replaced by the current church in 1907. The flagstones on the chancel floor in the church are from one of the early churches.
No one knows why the two earlier churches were replaced, and the only reminder of the original church is the bellcote, which was moved to each of its replacements in turn. The Rev Archibald Eneas Robertson (1870–1958), first ascender of all the Munros (hills in Scotland over 3,000ft), was minister here between 1907 and 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="31068120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068120" title="Trolleybuses in Naples">
Trolleybuses in Naples

Trolleybuses in Naples () provide a portion of the public transport service in the city and "comune" of Naples, in the region of Campania, southern Italy. Two independent trolleybus systems are in operation, both publicly owned. That of "Azienda Napoletana Mobilità" (ANM) opened in 1940, whereas the smaller trolleybus network of "Compagnia Trasporti Pubblici di Napoli" (CTP) opened in 1964. As of 2011, the ANM system has six routes and the CTP two. Worldwide, Naples is one of only two metropolitan areas possessing two independent trolleybus systems as of 2011, the other being São Paulo, Brazil.
History.
The first trolleybus service in Naples was inaugurated on 8 May 1940 by "Azienda Tranvie Autofilovie Napoli" (English: Tramway-Trolleybus Company of Naples) (ATAN), which also operated the urban tram system. At its maximum extent, the ATAN system had 31 trolleybus routes (albeit, counting many shortworkings and variations with overlapping sections). ATAN was reorganised in 1995 as the "Azienda Napoletana Mobilità" (ANM).
The "Tranvie Provinciali di Napoli" (TPN), a separate company that operated suburban buses and a suburban tramway, opened the second trolleybus network in Naples on 21 January 1964(or 26 January), on a route connecting central Naples with Piazzale della Libertà in Secondigliano. This unnumbered route was extended by several kilometres to Aversa in 1967, after which time the TPN system was often referred to as the "Naples–Aversa" trolleybus system in transport publications. In 1978, TPN was reorganised as the "Consorzio Trasporti Pubblici di Napoli" (CTP), renamed in 2001 to "Compagnia Trasporti Pubblici di Napoli" (still CTP). The routes were given numbers in the early 1980s, the two routes at that time being M13 (Naples – Aversa) and M15 (Naples – Secondigliano/Rione 167). The M prefix stood for Maddalena depot (located on Viale Maddalena in Naples), TPN's/CTP's only depot/garage for many years. That depot closed in 1999, and after two years of temporary accommodation in leased facilities, CTP's trolleybuses moved to Teverola depot in 2001, but the trolleybus routes retained their longstanding M prefix to avoid confusion among riders.
All of the overhead trolley wiring in central Naples is owned by ANM, the limit of the CTP-owned wiring being the southwest end of Via Don Bosco (just east of Piazza Carlo III). However, CTP trolleybuses are allowed to operate through to Piazza Garibaldi (along Corso Garibaldi), powered from ANM-owned wires, under a longstanding agreement between the two public agencies.
Services.
Five of the current eight trolleybus routes are suburban routes, connecting Naples with other municipalities, while the other three (routes 201–203) operate entirely within Napoli proper.
ANM routes.
As of 2010, the ANM system includes the following six trolleybus routes:
Route 255/, pronounced as 255-barrata (meaning 255-barrè in British English, 255-slash in American English) (a short turn service) is a temporary replacement for route 255, which connects Naples with Torre del Greco. Since September 2009, service on route 255 has been temporarily suspended due to major road work in the town of Ercolano. Trolleybus service is temporarily cut back to Portici (Piazza San Ciro), as route 255-barrata, and the portion of route 255 between Portici and Torre del Greco is temporarily replaced by motorbus route 655. In Ercolano, route 255 passes the entrance to the ruins of the ancient city of Herculaneum (in Italian simply Ercolano, the same as the present-day, inhabited city), on Corso Resina.
Route 203 is the newest route; it began operation on 2 September 2009. Routes 201 and 202 opened in 2004 and 2006, respectively. The three surviving suburban routes are much older; routes 254 and 255 opened in January 1962 and route 256 in May 1963.
In 2012 the line 256 is attested at Via Lagno in Portici and renamed 256/, thereby breaking the link for San Giorgio a Cremano.
CTP routes.
The CTP system currently has two trolleybus routes:
Route M13 was extended from Aversa to Teverola in December 2001, and route M15 was withdrawn at that time. With a one-way length of approximately 22 km, route M13 is the longest trolleybus route in western Europe. Route M11 began operation in June 2005, but did not require any new wiring; its 2 km section closest to Piscinola metro station is not equipped with overhead wires, and the trolleybuses serving the route use their auxiliary diesel engines along that section, while the remainder of the route uses overhead wiring already in place for route M13.
Planned expansion.
There are currently plans to construct some new routes, in some cases making use of overhead wiring from former routes that remains in place but is currently disused. The plans include the conversion of the following ANM bus routes into trolleybus routes:
These plans were already in place in 2005, along with plans to convert bus route C47 (Piazza G.B. Vico – Piazza Medaglie d'Oro) to trolleybuses, which in effect would have been a restoration of former trolleybus route 247 (closed in 1973), However, this plan for route C47 was cancelled in 2010. In the relatively recent past (in 2000), ANM also had plans to restore trolleybus routes 253 (Naples – Ercolano) and 257 (Naples – Bellavista – Ercolano), which previously operated until the mid-1980s and from 1973–76, respectively, but whose disused wiring was retained for many years. However, those plans have been dropped, and the disused wiring was removed in 2004.
Fleets.
All 100 vehicles are equipped with diesel engines to allow limited operation away from the overhead wires.
ANM's fleet also includes one preserved historic trolleybus, a 1961-built Alfa Romeo 1000F trolleybus, No. 8021. ANM's modern, low-floor AnsaldoBreda trolleybuses began to enter service in October 2000, replacing Alfa Romeo vehicles, and the last of the latter were withdrawn in early March 2001. The agency preserved three of them (nos. 8021, 8038 and 8306). No. 8021 was fully restored to historic condition and livery in 2003. It is not used for normal service, but operates occasionally on special excursions, and on certain summer Sundays it runs in public service on a special city-centre-only loop route to promote awareness of public transport's positive role in helping to preserve the environment. The power supply of the ANM system was raised in 2001–03 from 600 Volts to 750V, but No. 8021's motors have not been modified to allow it to operate at the higher voltage. On days when the historic trolleybus is operated, the voltage of the entire trolleybus system must be temporarily reduced to 600V. The modern AnsaldoBreda vehicles are able to operate at either voltage.
Depots.
The only trolleybus depot available to the ANM network is the Stella Polare depot. However, some ANM trolleybuses are stored at the Via Ferraris and Carlo III bus depots, which they use their diesel engines to enter and exit.
CTP has several depots for its mostly motorbus fleet, but the only one equipped for trolleybuses is the Teverola depot, which was built in 1994 and since 2001 has been the outer terminus of route M13.

</doc>
<doc id="31068135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068135" title="Adam de Gordon, Lord of Gordon">
Adam de Gordon, Lord of Gordon

Sir Adam de Gordon (died 1333), lord of Gordon, was a Scottish statesman and warrior.
Gordon was the son and heir of Adam de Gordon of Gordon in Berwickshire. His great-grandfather, likewise Adam de Gordon, was younger son of an Anglo-Norman nobleman who came to Scotland in the time of David I, and settled on a tract of land called Gordon, within sight of the English border. The second Sir Adam, grandfather of the fourth Sir Adam, married Alicia, only child and heiress of Thomas de Gordon, who represented the elder branch of the family, and by this alliance the whole estates were united into one property. His son William de Gordon was one of the Scottish nobles who in 1268 joined Louis IX of France in his crusade for the recovery of the holy sepulchre, and died during the expedition. He was succeeded by his brother, the third Sir Adam, who died on 3 Sept. 1296, and was succeeded by his son, the fourth Sir Adam. An historian of the Gordon family says that this last Sir Adam joined Sir William Wallace in 1297, and the statement is accepted by Lord Hailes as correct. It is probably true, as the English estates were forfeited at that time, but were recovered by Marjory, mother of Gordon, who submitted to the English rule and brought to her son a great inheritance on both sides of the border. The year 1303 was spent by Edward I in Scotland. On his return to England he carried with him certain sons of the nobles as hostages, and Gordon followed as a deputy with power to arrange for the pacification of the country.
About 1300, Gordon confirmed several charters granted by his predecessors to the abbey of Kelso. The earliest of these was granted by Richard de Gordon, elder son of the founder of the family, previous to 1180. In 1308 there was a formally dated agreement between the monks of Kelso and Sir Adam Gordon, knight, regarding some lands in the village of Gordon, given to them by Andrew Fraser about 1280.
After the coronation of Robert Bruce and the accession of Edward II to the English throne, certain Scottish noblemen continued ‘deeply engaged in the English interest,’ among whom Abercrombie mentions with sorrow ‘the formerly brave and honest Sir Adam Gordon.’ And till 1314 Gordon was well disposed toward the English king, from whom he received various marks of favour. In 1308, when William Lambert, archbishop of St. Andrews, who had been imprisoned by Edward I, was liberated by his successor, Gordon with others became surety for his compliance with the conditions of his release (Cal. of Documents relating to Scotland, iii. 44). In 1310 he was appointed justiciar of Scotland (ib. iii. 222). In January 1312 Edward II was at York, on his way to invade Scotland, but resolved to treat for peace, and for that purpose appointed David, earl of Atholl, Gordon, and others his plenipotentiaries, but without any good result. In October 1313 Gordon, along with Patrick, earl of March, was deputed by such of the Scots as still remained faithful to the English interest to lay before Edward their miserable condition (ib. iii. 337). The king received them graciously, and on 28 November formally replied, announcing his intention to lead an army to their relief next midsummer (Fœdera, ii. 247). In a letter dated 1 April the same year Edward warmly commended to the pope John and Thomas, sons of ‘a nobleman and our faithful Adam Gordon,’ who seem to have been about to visit Italy. After the battle of Bannockburn in 1314, Gordon no longer hesitated to acknowledge Bruce as king. He was cordially welcomed, and was speedily numbered with the king's most trusted friends. From Thomas Randolph, Earl of Moray, he obtained the barony of Stitchel in Roxburghshire, which was confirmed to him and his son William by Robert I on 28 Jan. 1315. In 1320 Gordon, along with Sir Edward Mabinson, was sent on a special mission to the pope at Avignon. They were bearers of the memorable letter asserting the independence of the kingdom, dated at Aberbrothock on 6 April 1320, and were charged with the twofold duty of effecting a reconciliation between King Robert and the pope and paving the way for a peace with England. As a reward for faithful service, including help rendered in subduing the rebellious house of Comyn in the north-eastern counties, Bruce granted to him and his heirs the lordship of Strathbogie in Aberdeenshire, which had belonged to David, earl of Atholl. Gordon bestowed on that lordship the name of Huntly, from a village on his Berwickshire estate. His fidelity to King Robert was continued to his son and successor, David II; and he was killed on 12 July 1333, fighting in the van of the Scottish army at the battle of Halidon Hill. By Abercrombie he is numbered among the most trusted friends of Bruce, ‘all great personages and the glorious ancestors of many in all respects as great as themselves.’ From Gordon descended nearly all the eminent men of that name in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="31068156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068156" title="Podhosta">
Podhosta

Podhosta () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. It lies on the right bank of the Krka River northwest of Dolenjske Toplice. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31068162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068162" title="Sebastopol Rd.">
Sebastopol Rd.

Released in 1992 on Big Life Records Sebastopol Rd is Mega City Four's third studio album.

</doc>
<doc id="31068166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068166" title="Cold World (EP)">
Cold World (EP)

Cold World is an EP released by industrial metal band Godflesh. It was recorded and mixed during September 1991 and was initially released in October 1991 on Relativity Records.
The original EP was discontinued, but it was re-released along with the "Slateman" single on one disc through Earache as the compilation "Slateman/Cold World", in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31068174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068174" title="Prochoreutis pseudostellaris">
Prochoreutis pseudostellaris

Prochoreutis pseudostellaris is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from the Crimea and Turkey.
The wingspan is 12-13,5 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31068176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068176" title="Multi-Agent Programming Contest">
Multi-Agent Programming Contest

The Multi-Agent Programming Contest is an annual international programming competition with stated goal of stimulating research in the area of multi-agent system development and programming.
History.
In 2005 Jürgen Dix (Clausthal University of Technology), Mehdi Dastani (University Utrecht) and Peter Novák (Czech Technical University in Prague) have brought the contest into being and running. The competition originally focused on Logic programming of Multi-agent systems. The goals, raised in 2005, have proven to be a solid basis for multi-agent system development and are still valid:
In 2007, a third goal has been added:
Although it is necessary to find a solution for the contest quest to win, the organizers pursue the intention that the solution is a system of cooperating autonomous programs that achieve the objectives together. They are also interested in how the contest participants develop the solution.
Scenarios.
Food collectors.
Agents have to look for food and bring it to a depot on a two-dimensional grid world. Each cell can contain an agent, or food. The agents can only see a small part of the map. Initially there is no food available, it appears randomly during the game, so that agents need to search the map constantly in order to win. This scenario was used in 2005.
Gold miners.
On a grid based map, teams of agents look for gold and transport it to the depot. As opposed to the food scenario, cells can also contain trees which block the agents and can form more or less complex labyrinths. Also, there are now two opposing teams competing for the gold. This scenario was used in the contests of 2006 and 2007. In 2007, the scenario was extended to allow the agents to carry more than one piece of gold, and to push opposing agents aside.
Cowboys.
A grid based map contains trees, corrals, cows and agents. Two opposing teams try to drive as many cows as possible in ones corral. Cows behave using Swarm intelligence. They are also afraid of cowboys and try and run away. This scenario was used in 2008, 2009 and 2010. For the last two years, gates were introduced to make the scenario more challenging.
Agents on Mars.
The 2011 contest introduces a scenario called agents on mars. Goal is to conquer as much space on mars as possible, using a team of cooperating agents. The challenge here is the higher complexity resulting from the introduction of five roles with different properties and abilities, which have to be used to scout, conquer, and keep the conquered land.
The team HactarV2 from the TU-Delft won the 2011 competition while using the GOAL programming language.

</doc>
<doc id="31068182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068182" title="Adam de Gordon (died 1402)">
Adam de Gordon (died 1402)

Sir Adam de Gordon, Lord of Gordon (died 1402) was a 14th-century Scottish baron. 
Life.
He was son and heir of Sir John de Gordon, knight, Lord of Gordon, and his wife Elizabeth Cruickshanks. When George I, Earl of March defected to England Sir Adam Gordon was given the superiority of his lands of Gordon and Fogo, raising him to the baronage, and at the same time made warden of the east marches. 
Gordon was also in the division of the Scottish army which, under the young James Douglas, Earl of Douglas, invaded Northumberland in 1388, ending with the battle of Otterburn on 19 August, where Douglas with many other Scottish noblemen was killed. On 18 June the same year King Robert II of Scotland granted him a charter confirming to him and to his heirs the lands of Strathbogie given to Sir Adam de Gordon by King Robert de Bruce.
Gordon was included in the grand army with which, in 1402, Archibald Douglas the Earl of Douglas invaded England. Though watched by Henry Percy, the Earl of Northumberland and his son Hotspur, the Scots penetrated without hindrance to the gates of Newcastle. They had reached Wooler on their homeward journey when the approach of an English army forced them to take up a position upon Homildon Hill. They became impatient under the discharge of the English arrows. Sir John de Swynton, with whom Gordon had been at feud, called impatiently for a charge. Gordon fell on his knees, begged Swynton's forgiveness, and was knighted on the spot by his reconciled enemy. They charged the English at the head of a hundred horsemen, and inflicted much slaughter, but were overpowered and slain.
Family.
About 1380 Sir Adam Gordon married Elizabeth Keith, daughter of William Keith, Marischal of Scotland and his wife Margaret Fraser. Together they had:

</doc>
<doc id="31068187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068187" title="Serbian First League (basketball)">
Serbian First League (basketball)

Serbian First League (Serbian: Прва Српска Лига) is the third professional club basketball league in Serbia. It was founded in 2006.
Rules.
Competition format.
The league, operated by the Basketball Federation of Serbia, consists of four groups, North,Central,East and West, which have 14 teams. For the 2010–11 season, the first team in every group will be promoted to Basketball league of Serbia B. The teams positioned 13th and 14th in Serbian First League will be relegated to a lower league - the Serbian Second League.
Arena standards.
Currently, clubs must have home arenas with capacity of minimum 100 seats.
History.
The first basketball league in Serbia started in 2006 .

</doc>
<doc id="31068204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068204" title="Justin Purll">
Justin Purll

Justin Purll is an Australian rugby union player for USA Perpignan in the Top 14.
Career.
From 2001 until 2009 he played in Italy for Calvisano, where he played 27 games in the Heineken Cup, making him an experienced statesmen for the club. With Calvisano experiencing financial problems, he left the club to join Cavalieri Prato in 2009. After playing one season and making 18 appearances for the club, he headed to France to join Union Bordeaux Bègles in the Pro D2. Now he plays in USA Perpignan.

</doc>
<doc id="31068205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068205" title="Prochoreutis miniholotoxa">
Prochoreutis miniholotoxa

Prochoreutis miniholotoxa is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Kyrgyzstan.
The wingspan is about 9,5 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31068234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068234" title="Leonard Calderbank">
Leonard Calderbank

Leonard Calderbank (1809-1864), was a Catholic priest and canon of Clifton.
He was the son of Richard and Jane Calderbank and nephew of James Calderbank, and was born on 3 June 1809 at Standish, near Wigan, Lancashire. He was educated first at a school in his native village, and afterwards became a student at Ampleforth College in Yorkshire. In December 1829 he left Ampleforth and moved to Prior Park College, near Bath. A few years after this he went to complete his theological studies at Rome, where, on 11 Nov. 1832, he was ordained to the priesthood.
Returning to England in 1833 he was sent upon a mission in the western district, where he was placed successively at Trelawny, Tawstock, Weobley, Poole, and Cannington. In April 1839 he was appointed chaplain of the convent of the Immaculate Conception, in Sion House, at Spetisbury, near Blandford, Dorsetshire. On 9 Nov. 1849 he was recalled to Prior Park by Bishop Hendren, then vicar apostolic of the western district and for nearly a year he held at Prior Park the double position of vice-president and professor of theology at St. Paul's College. On 9 Oct. 1850 he was again, however, sent upon the mission, being appointed to the charge of the catholic congregation of St. Peter's in the city of Gloucester and was not long afterwards installed a canon of Clifton. As missionary rector at Gloucester he created a new church and presbytery, the former of which was opened in March 1860.
Calderbank died suddenly of heart disease on 24 June 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="31068237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068237" title="Prochoreutis bella">
Prochoreutis bella

Prochoreutis bella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Tadzhikistan.
The wingspan is about 9 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31068343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068343" title="Atomic Energy Authority Act">
Atomic Energy Authority Act

Atomic Energy Authority Act (with its variations) is a stock short title used for legislation in the United Kingdom relating to the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.
The Bill for an Act with this short title will have been known as a Atomic Energy Authority Bill during its passage through Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="31068347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068347" title="Kyrgyzstani presidential election, 1995">
Kyrgyzstani presidential election, 1995

Presidential elections were held in Kyrgyzstan on 24 December 1995. The result was a victory for incumbent President Askar Akayev, who won 72.4% of the vote. Voter turnout was reported to be 86.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="31068362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068362" title="Sutan Amrull">
Sutan Amrull

Sutan Amrull (born June 14, 1974), also known as Raja and Raja Gemini, is an American make-up artist and drag performer. He is best known for his work on the reality television show "America's Next Top Model", serving as the show's make-up artist for nine cycles (fourth through twelve), and as the winner of Season 3 of RuPaul's Drag Race. Amrull's clients include Dita von Teese, Pamela Anderson, Paulina Porizkova, Iman, Tyra Banks and Twiggy. Since 2009, Amrull has been make-up artist to singer Adam Lambert for print media, live U.S. appearances and Lambert's international 2010 Glam Nation Tour.
RuPaul's Drag Race.
Presenting his drag alter-ego Raja, Amrull auditioned for the third season of the reality program, which included an endorsement from Adam Lambert on his audition video. Raja entered the "Drag Race" workroom dressed in club attire and wearing a beanie that had a giant cyclops eye on it. Highlights include wins in the first mini challenge and main challenge of the season, impersonating Tyra Banks, winning the cake couture challenge, winning the RuPaul-apalooza challenge, and lip synching for his life against contestant Carmen Carrera. Known for being one of the "Heathers" (a clique composed of Raja, Carmen Carrera, Manila Luzon, and Delta Work; taking its name from the popular cult film, "Heathers"), his attitude and numerous challenge wins were often criticized by other contestants. In the final episode, after a lip sync battle with Manila Luzon, Raja was declared the winner of the show's third season and crowned "America's Next Drag Superstar". Since winning "Drag Race", Raja has been performing at various venues throughout the United States. As part of his duties as the third season winner of "Drag Race", he toured the U.S. and Canada on "Logo's Drag Race Tour" in 2011, presented by corporate sponsor Absolut Vodka.
Raja is the first Asian American winner, the first non African American winner, and, at the time, the oldest winner crowned.
Music.
In May 2011, Amrull released his first single as Raja, titled "Diamond Crowned Queen," which is available for purchase via iTunes and other commercial music sites. The single debuted at number fifty on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs, before peaking at number thirty-five. On August 21, 2012, his second single "Sublime" was released. 
His third single, Zubi Zubi Zubi (roughly translating to Dance Dance Dance), was released June 1, 2013. The song combines rock n’ roll guitars and incorporates elements of traditional Indian music. 

</doc>
<doc id="31068402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068402" title="Prochoreutis solaris">
Prochoreutis solaris

Prochoreutis solaris is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from northern Europe, Russia, the Kuril Islands and Japan (Hokkaido).
The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewings have a dark brown ground color. The hindwings are somewhat paler. There are three black patches on the median area of the forewing.
Adults are on wing during the day.

</doc>
<doc id="31068416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068416" title="Valerius Herberger">
Valerius Herberger

Valerius Herberger (21 April 1562-18 May 1627) was a German Lutheran preacher and theologian.
Life.
He was born at Fraustadt, Silesia (now Wschowa in Poland). He studied for three years at Freystadt in Silesia (now Kożuchów in Poland), and then entered the University of Frankfort-on-the-Oder. In 1582 he went to Leipzig University.
In 1584 he became a teacher in Fraustadt, in 1590 deacon, and in 1599 pastor. Sigismund III Vasa ordered his congregation to cede their house of worship to the Roman Catholics; Herberger then acquired two private residences, which he gradually transformed into a church. He died in Fraustadt.
Works.
In 1613 an epidemic broke out at Fraustadt, and under those circumstances Herberger composed his only hymn, "Valet will ich dir geben" ("O world, so vain, I leave thee"). It was published in 1614 with a melody by Melchior Teschner.
He was a prolific writer. His most comprehensive work is "Magnalia Dei de Jesu scripturæ nucleo et medulla" (12 parts, 1601-18), meditations on the Pentateuch, Joshua, Judges, and Ruth, emphasising the revelation of Christ in the Old Testament. Herberger also 
wrote commentaries on Revelation xxi.-xxii. and published them as "Himmelsches Jerusalem" (1609). "Passionszeiger" (1611), "Trauerbinden or funeral sermons" (7 vols., 1611-21), and "Evangelische Herzpostille" 
(1613) are collections of sermons which may be mentioned. 
After his death appeared "Epistolische Herzpostille", "97 Predigten über Jesus Sirach", and "Stoppelpostille" (sermons on various texts). Several of his works were reprinted in the nineteenth century:

</doc>
<doc id="31068432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068432" title="Podstenice">
Podstenice

Podstenice (; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. It was inhabited by Gottschee Germans. At the start of the Second World War its population was expelled and in 1942 the village was burned to the ground. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
History.
Podstenice was a later settlement compared to the oldest villages in the area, probably founded under the Counts of Blagay. It was not included in the 1574 land registry, but was mentioned for the first time in written sources in 1614. In 1770 the village had nine houses. A school was established in the village in 1888. In 1936 the village had 17 houses and a population of 82 (31 German speakers, 31 Slovene speakers, and 20 from linguistically mixed households).
Mass graves.
Podstenice is the site of three known mass graves associated with the Second World War. The Rog Road Mass Grave (), also known as the Pocket Cave Mass Grave (), is located on the left side of the road from Podturn pri Dolenjskih Toplicah to Kočevje. It contains the remains of civilian and military prisoners transported from prisons in Novo Mesto. The Rugar Slopes Cave Mass Grave () is located on rocky terrain in a woods on the northern slope of a heavily karstified hill in a valley east of Mount Rog, 40 m south of Rog Road, in forest section 65 of the Poljane forest unit. It contains the remains of political opponents of the Yugoslav Partisan movement, Home Guard members and other soldiers subordinate to German forces that were murdered after the war, and possibly civilian victims as well. The Double Shaft by Cink Cross Mass Grave () is located at the crossroads to Cink on the road from Podstenice. The opening is 21 m long, starting below an old beech grove and continuing along a fence. It contains the remains of members of the Home Guard and other armed groups subordinate to the German forces that were murdered after the Second World War. The bottoms of both shafts are covered by large rocks that fell there from the surface and the entryways to the shafts were dynamited. The grave site is registered as cultural heritage.
Church.
The local church was dedicated to Saint Ulrich and was an 18th-century building. It stood on the eastern edge of the village. It was a traditional stone structure with a rectangular barrel-vaulted nave and a narrower semicircular chancel. A three-story bell tower stood in front of the main entrance and had a simple pyramid roof with wooden shingles. The corners of the nave were fortified with quoining. The nave had two rectangular windows on each side; they were slightly rounded on the top, which was fashionable at the time and also allowed more light into the building. A new altar was installed in the church in the 1860s. New bells were purchased by Princess Auersperg from the Samassa foundry in Ljubljana and installed just before the outbreak of the First World War, but they were soon removed for military needs. After the war, emigrants in the United States collected money for new bells, which were installed in 1927. The church was renovated in 1932 and re-roofed with new shingles. The church was reduced to ruins in the Second World War, and in the mid-1950s the walls were pulled down and crushed into gravel for the local roads.

</doc>
<doc id="31068439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068439" title="Izak (disambiguation)">
Izak (disambiguation)

Izak is a given name.
Izak may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31068468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068468" title="Prochoreutis stellaris">
Prochoreutis stellaris

Prochoreutis stellaris is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found from France and Italy through Austria, Hungary and Slovakia to Ukraine and then south to Romania, Bulgaria and Greece, Macedonia and Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="31068474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068474" title="Androgen deprivation therapy">
Androgen deprivation therapy

Androgen deprivation therapy (ADT), also called androgen suppression therapy, is a treatment based on the reduction of androgen hormones, which stimulate prostate cancer cells to grow. The therapy can also eliminate cancer cells by inducing androgen deprivation-induced senescence. Lowering androgen levels or stopping them from getting into prostate cancer cells often makes prostate cancer shrink or grow more slowly for a time. However, this treatment needs to be combined with radiation therapy (RT) because ADT itself does not eradicate the cancer; it just decreases its aggressiveness.
Types.
Methods based on drugs.
The synthesis of testosterone is mediated by a chain of processes that start in our brain. When our body detects a low level of testosterone, the hypothalamus starts to produce LHRH, an hormone which, once is received by the pituitary gland activates the synthesis of LH (Luteinizing hormone). LH travels to the testicles where induces the formation of testosterone.
There are two methods of androgen deprivation therapy based on drugs. One works preventing the pituitary gland from releasing LH and the other one blocks the body’s ability to use androgens.
Effects on men's sexuality.
Normal male sexuality seems to depend upon very specific and complicated hormonal patterns that are not completely understood. One study suggests that ADT can alter the hormonal balance necessary for male sexual activity. As men age, testosterone levels decrease by about 1% a year after age 30; however, it is important to determine whether low testosterone is due to normal aging, or to a disease, such as hypogonadism. Testosterone plays a significant role in sexual functioning; therefore, naturally declining levels of testosterone can lead to reduction in normal sexual functioning. Further decreases in serum testosterone can have a negative impact on normal sexual function, leading to a decline in quality of life.
Erectile dysfunction is not uncommon after radical prostatectomy and men who undergo ADT in addition to this are likely to show further decline in their ability to engage in penetrative intercourse, as well as their desire to do so. A study looking at the differences of using GnRH-A (and androgen suppressant) or an orchiectomy report differences in sexual interest, the experience of erections, and the prevalence of participating in sexual activity. Men reporting no sexual interest increased from 27.6% to 63.6% after orchiectomy, and from 31.7% to 58.0% after GnRH-A; men who experienced no erections increased from 35.0% to 78.6%; and men who did not report engaging in sexual activity increased from 47.9% to 82.8% after orchiectomy and 45.0% to 80.2%. This study suggests that the GnRH-A and orchiectomy had similar effects on sexual functioning. A vicious cycle whereby lowering testosterone levels leads to decreased sexual activity, which in turn cause both free and total testosterone levels to decline even further. This demonstrates the importance of androgens for maintaining sexual structures and functions.
Adverse effects.
Due to the changes in the levels of sexual hormones (testosterone); Orchiectomy, LHRH analogs and LHRH antagonists can all cause similar side effects:
Because of all of these side effects, androgen deprivation therapy is only applied in advanced prostate cancers and high-risk localized disease.

</doc>
<doc id="31068482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068482" title="Via donau">
Via donau

via donau is a subsidiary of the Austrian Federal Ministry for Transport, Innovation and Technology (bmvit). Established in 2005, via donau was tasked with the preservation and development of the Danube waterway.
History.
via donau was established on 1 January 2005 by the Federal Ministry for Transport, Innovation and Technology formed by a merger of the Austrian Donau-Betriebs AG, the Austrian Danube-Technik GmbH, the via donau Development Company for Telematics and Navigation on the Danube and the privatized waterways organization.
Company.
via donau is a modern and efficient waterway operator that executes federal tasks in waterway and shipping. The company is not only an infrastructure operator, but also a partner in business and a competent service company, which provides an efficient transport infrastructure. Together with national and international partners the company implements innovative projects to increase the use of the waterway. 
via donau is making an important contribution to securing the location of Austrian enterprises and simultaneously supporting the environmentally-friendly management of future transport volumes in the Danube corridor.
via donau has about 270 employees based at five locations, one main office, two field offices and nine locks on the Danube.
Locations.
Field office:
Locks on the Danube:
Tasks.
Infrastructure management
via donau provides a modern and living infrastructure for shipping. via donau's tasks are the maintenance of riverbanks and bank constructions, the upkeep of shipping routes and the current measurement and appropriation of hydrographic and hydrologic data.
Flood protection
via donau is responsible for the establishment and maintenance of flood protection facilities on the rivers March, Thaya and Danube. via donau is also responsible for the currently largest flood protection project on the rivers March and lower Thaya. 
As the managing office of the Danube Flood Control Agency (DHK), via donau is responsible for preventive and protective measures with regard to the DHK’s flood control structures in Vienna and Lower Austria. 
Ecological measures on the Danube
The company also conducts numerous river engineering and renaturisation projects. The renaturisation of the Danube is creating near-natural riverbanks and new habitats for animals and plants.
Traffic management on the Austrian Danube
With DoRIS (Danube River Information Services) via donau has participated in the development of a decisive tool for inland waterway transport on the Austrian Danube. In 2006 DoRIS commenced operations and has set the standard for navigation information systems all along the Danube. via donau is working at full speed to develop new and improved services. In addition, via donau supports the implementation of River Information Services in the entire Danube region. 
The operation of the locks on the Danube also falls under the category traffic management.
Developing and strengthening inland waterway transport
via donau is working on increasing the attractiveness of inland waterway transport to increase the flow of goods on the Danube. New initiatives and service provisions are being designed and implemented by via donau to make inland shipping more attractive. In 2005 The “National Danube Shipping Action Plan” (NAP) came into effect in Austria, in which around 70 individual measures were defined for strengthening and developing shipping. The NAP was given substantial support in its development by via donau and defines the key aspects of Austrian shipping policy in the years to come. 
On European level, the European action programme NAIADES has succeeded in ensuring the lasting importance of inland shipping transportation. This programme has been realised with considerable involvement from via donau and lays out clear strategies for shipping in Europe.
Transport development
Inland waterway transport already offers attractive logistics solutions to the economy for inland shipping. via donau works closely with ports and production and loading industries and is simultaneously a contact point for all questions relating to Danube shipping. 

</doc>
<doc id="31068499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068499" title="Lago de Camécuaro National Park">
Lago de Camécuaro National Park

Lago de Camécuaro National Park is located east of the city of Zamora de Hidalgo in the municipality of Tangancícuaro in the state of Michoacán. The Park consists of of protected area including Camécuaro Lake which is supplied by a series of natural springs. The lake is popular due to crystal clear water and the beautiful vegetation that surrounds the lake. Even though the lake is relatively small, many photographers from all over Mexico come to take professional photographs that capture the parks picturesque views.
Toponymy.
Camécuaro derives from the native language purépecha or tarasca which means "Place of Bathing"
Geography.
Lago de Camécuaro National Park is located 14 km (8.5 mi) east of the city of Zamora de Hidalgo, Michoacán on Federal Highway 15 heading towards Morelia, Michoacán. The lake itself has a surface area of approximately and has a maximum depth of . The lake is supplied with water from numerous springs slightly to the south of the lake. Camécuaro Lake then empties at a slow rate into the Duero River which is an important tributary to the Lerma River.
The park is part of a large alluvial plain surrounded by mountains with a northeast-southeast orientation. The topography of the park is flat with no slopes greater than 5%. The park is found at 1,700 m (5,577 ft) above sea level. During the Cenozoic the area was a flood plain of the Duero River which deposited large amounts of basalt, breccia, calcareous tuff, tuff, andesite, and rhyolite. The dominant basalt rock found in the area give the soil a rich source of: calcium, magnesium, iron, potassium, and sodium. The soils in the park and surrounding areas are rich and fertile making the region perfect for agriculture. The soil in the area is classified as pellic vertisol with significant amounts of chromate; the soil is of fine texture with rocky layer containing rocks smaller than 7.5 cm³.
History.
The park was declared a national park by President Lázaro Cárdenas del Río on July 18, 1940 in efforts to conserve the flora and fauna found there. The presidential decree was later signed into law on December 8, 1941.
Climate.
The park has a humid subtropical climate (Cwa) with average annual temperature of 18.5°C (65°F). The warmest month is May with an average temperature of 23.3°C (74°F), and the coldest month is December with an average temperature of 14.7°C (59°F). The park has an average annual precipitation of about 900.6 mm (35.4 in) mostly falling during the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="31068508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068508" title="Sheikh Zayed Book Award">
Sheikh Zayed Book Award

The Sheikh Zayed Book Award is "one of the most prestigious and well-funded prizes in the Arab World." It is presented yearly to "Arab writers, intellectuals, publishers as well as young talent whose writings and translations of humanities have scholarly and objectively enriched Arab cultural, literary and social life." The award was established in memory of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the principal architect of United Arab Emirates, the ruler of Abu Dhabi and president of the UAE for over 30 years (1971–2004). The first award was in 2007. The total value of the prizes is making it one of the richest literary awards in the world.
The "Cultural Person of the Year" is the premier category, it includes an award of one million Dirhams (around $300,000) while the other categories receive around $200,000 each.
Beginning with 2013 awards, a new category was added called "Arabic Culture in Other Languages" worth $205,000 "to honor best written works in Chinese, German and English languages on the subject of the Arabic civilization and culture including novels, short stories, poems, biographies, history and arts." In addition a number of other categories were merged, created or redefined.
Each year, the category titles and number of categories can change.
Winners.
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014 

</doc>
<doc id="31068509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068509" title="National Grammar Day">
National Grammar Day

National Grammar Day is observed in the United States on March 4. Designated in 2008, the National Grammar Day was established by Martha Brockenbrough, founder of the Society for the Promotion of Good Grammar.

</doc>
<doc id="31068514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068514" title="Babych">
Babych

Babych is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31068518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068518" title="Rage of a Demon King">
Rage of a Demon King

Rage of a Demon King is the third book in Raymond E. Feist's Serpentwar Saga and the eleventh book of his Riftwar cycle. It was published in 1997 in the United States by Avon Books and the United Kingdom by Harper Collins. At the opening of the novel Erik Von Darkmoor is helping to train soldiers for The Kingdom's armies while Rupert, at the height of his trading success, is coerced into financing the war. Meanwhile the forces of the Emerald Queen are approaching Krondor, and it is discovered her target is the "Lifestone", the legendary device discovered by Pug and his cohorts in "A Darkness at Sethanon".
Synopsis.
The Emerald Queen's army is almost upon Midkemia and the army is staging. Erik Von Darkmoor is sergeant-major of the King's armies and Rupert is almost single-handedly financing the war. The Emerald Queen and her army are making for the Lifestone, a magical source of power capable of destroying worlds. Vast preparations are being made in Krondor, the anticipated point of invasion by the Emerald Queen's army, and all of Midkemia's allies - as well as some enemies - are being called upon to help.
There are a lot of secrets revealed in "Rage of a Demon King". Some of the more mysterious figures who have inhabited Feist's books are finally seen in a clearer light. The origins of Macros the Black and Miranda are revealed. Plus, Nakor's "secret", that there is no magic, is explained.
Plot.
Set right after "Rise of a Merchant Prince", the story opens with Rupert Avery and Erik Von Darkmoor returning from their second voyage in the southern continent Novindus. Erik goes off to undertake more training for recruits, and returns to Kitty, who form a relationship. Word reaches that the entire continent of Novindus has fallen, despite their previous efforts to sabotage and delay the movement of the Emerald Queen's army. Roo similarly returns to his relationship with Sylvia, the beautiful daughter of Jacob Esterbrook. After returning, Erik is poisoned, but the quick thinking of Kitty saved him.
Knight-Marshal William, Duke James and Prince Patrick shape up the defense for the Kingdom. The plan was to sacrifice Krondor and push the invaders to a 'soft' centre. They would defend the ground, shredding as many enemies as possible. On Nightmare Ridge, a huge fortification was constructed in tandem with the heavily fortified city of Darkmoor, with roads running the length to deliver supplies. Meanwhile Pug and Miranda seek Macros, and use the powers of the Spellweavers in Elvandar to find him assimilating godhood as Sarig, the God of Magic. Pug sunders the link, and Macros returns to his human form.
Duke James and Roo arrange a deal with the Quegans, which ultimately resulted in the Quegans believing that a treasure fleet would be coming their way. Six hundred ships of the Emerald Queen herald the start of the invasion. Pug is persuaded by Miranda to destroy the fleet, however Pug fails to do so. The fleet was magically protected and Pug almost died after his own fireball turned on him. It is also revealed that the Emerald Queen was in fact a demon in disguise. He heals in Elvandar for a couple of months.
The Kingdom's navy headed by Admiral Nicholas, plus the Keshians and Quegans duped into attacking the fleet ends up destroying a quarter of the fleet, but Nicholas is fatally shot by an arrow. Krondor's harbour is blown up by the Pantathians, and the palace is soon destroyed resulting in Knight-Marshal William's death. Duke James conducts the defense of Krondor underground with the Mockers, however he stays behind with Gamina as the explosions consume Krondor. Pug discovers a demon that is possessed by the Saaur's last Loremaster, Hanam. Both of them, Miranda and Macros destroy the rifts that feed the demons into Midkemia and Shila, however Macros sacrifices himself to defeat the demon King Maarg and Hanam dies in the process.
As Krondor falls, Erik heads the defences in the centre. All consumables and goods of value were destroyed to prevent the enemy from gaining advantage. Every town lent support, yet when it was overrun, it was put to the torch. Finally the Kingdom Army barely holds off at Nightmare Ridge and Darkmoor. Pug and Calis journey to Sethanon, and begins to unlock the Lifestone. The demon Jakan furiously transports himself to Sethanon, while ordering a full scale attack on the Kingdom Army. Jakan appears in the chamber of the Lifestone, but the combined efforts of Tomas, Pug and Miranda destroy Jakan. Eventually the defenses at Nightmare Ridge fail, and the city of Darkmoor is overrun. Just when the citadel of Darkmoor falls, Nakor and a magician from Stardock intervene and use weather magic to create a storm of snow. The last Saaur are relocated to the plateaus northeast of the continent Triaga. The remnants of the Emerald Queen flee to the city of Ylith, where they rewinter and plan to retake the Kingdom.
Reception.
A "Publishers Weekly" review called the book's depiction of the fall of Krondor "gripping" but added that it was let down by "a pedestrian use of language and antiquated images of women".

</doc>
<doc id="31068527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068527" title="Prochoreutis ultimana">
Prochoreutis ultimana

Prochoreutis ultimana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found from Sweden, Finland, the Baltic States and northern Russia to Japan.
The wingspan is 10–11 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31068550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068550" title="Podturn pri Dolenjskih Toplicah">
Podturn pri Dolenjskih Toplicah

Podturn pri Dolenjskih Toplicah () is a village in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Podturn" to "Podturn pri Dolenjskih Toplicah" in 1953.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and belongs to the Parish of Toplice. It dates to the mid-17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31068602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068602" title="Congregation B'nai Jacob (Woodbridge, Connecticut)">
Congregation B'nai Jacob (Woodbridge, Connecticut)

The Congregation B'Nai Jacob was established in New Haven, Connecticut, in 1882. Founded by orthodox Jewish refugees fleeing pogroms in the Russian Empire, it moved to Woodbridge, Connecticut following the construction of a new synagogue in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="31068603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068603" title="Loudmouth (Jim Bianco album)">
Loudmouth (Jim Bianco album)

LOUDMOUTH is the third official studio album by recording artist Jim Bianco. Released April 5, 2011, this album was funded by pledges made by fans through Bianco‘s collaboration with Kickstarter. Over the course of the 45 day campaign, Bianco was able to raise $31,500. Bianco’s campaign success was featured in an article by Shanna Schwarze at CNN.com .
The second track of this album, "Talented," was featured by KCRW as Today's Top Tune the day preceding its release, on April 4, 2011.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jim Bianco
Studio information.
Recorded at The Chalet. <br>
Nylon and vox for track 8 recorded in Kenny Lyon’s apartment.

</doc>
<doc id="31068619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068619" title="Jungle Fight Europe">
Jungle Fight Europe

Jungle Fight Europe, also known as Jungle Fight 7 was a mixed martial arts event held by Jungle Fight on December 17, 2006 at Tivoli Hall in Ljubljana, Slovenia. To date, it is the only Jungle Fight event outside of Brazil.
Results.
<br>Mucnjak defeated Boizik via TKO (Punches) at 2:31 of round 1.
<br>Anastasov defeated Montgomery via Submission (Rear Naked Choke) at 4:16 of round 1.
<br>Cantwell defeated Pecanha via TKO (Doctor Stoppage) at 2:32 of round 3.
<br>Rodaki defeated Fister via Submission (Rear Naked Choke) at 3:43 of round 1.
<br>Rea defeated Gripp de Sousa via TKO (Punches) at 0:32 of round 1.
<br>Silva defeated Pokrajac via split decision.
<br>Souza defeated Gozali via Submission (Rear-Naked Choke) at 1:33 of round 1.
References.
http://www.sherdog.com/events/JF-7-Jungle-Fight-Europe-4527

</doc>
<doc id="31068620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068620" title="Paul-Louis Roubert">
Paul-Louis Roubert

Paul-Louis Roubert (born 1967) is an associate researcher at the "Laboratoire d'histoire visuelle contemporaine", senior lecturer in photography at Paris 8 University and, since December 2010, president of the Société française de photographie. 
Roubert was awarded a doctorate in 2004 on the basis of his thesis on "L'Introduction du modèle photographique dans la critique d'art en France" which led to "L'Image sans qualités" published in 2006. He has been closely connected to the Société française de photographie whose bulletin he edited from 1999 to 2004. Since 1996, He has been a founding member of the journal "Etudes photographiques". He has lectured in the history of photography at Paris 8, Paris 1 and at the École des hautes études en sciences sociales. In December 2010, succeeding Michel Poivert, he was unanimously elected president of the Société française de photographie. 

</doc>
<doc id="31068629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068629" title="Saleema Nawaz">
Saleema Nawaz

Saleema Nawaz is a Canadian author whose works of short fiction have been published in literary journals such as "Prairie Fire", "PRISM International", "Grain", "The Dalhousie Review", and "The New Quarterly". Nawaz was born in Ottawa, Ontario and later moved to Winnipeg, Manitoba in order to study English at the University of Manitoba, where she received her M.A. with a creative writing thesis. Her first complete collection of short fiction, entitled "Mother Superior", was published by Freehand Books in 2008. Nawaz completed her first novel, "Bone and Bread", published by Anansi Press in 2013, while residing in Montreal, Quebec.
Biography.
Early life in Ottawa.
Saleema Nawaz was born in Ottawa, Ontario in 1979. An only child, Nawaz was raised solely by her Caucasian Nova Scotian mother in the Ottawa neighbourhood of Centretown, in the absence of her Indian father. Nawaz claims to have begun showing interest in writing fiction as early as the first grade. During her high school years she attended Lisgar Collegiate Institute, a highly regarded public school near her Centretown home. Upon graduation from high school Nawaz attended Carleton University in Ottawa.
Winnipeg, Banff, and Montreal.
After receiving a Bachelor of Humanities at Carleton Nawaz moved to Winnipeg, Manitoba to pursue her M.A. at the University of Manitoba. The M.A. program at the University of Manitoba interested Nawaz because it offered a Creative Thesis option. Since obtaining her degree, Nawaz has attended a writing studio program at the Banff Centre for the Arts and currently resides in Montreal, Quebec where she does administrative work for McGill University.
Writing career.
Influences.
To date, Nawaz's published work consists strictly of short fiction. She cites her biggest short fiction influences as Alice Munro, Tobias Wolff, and Raymond Carver.
Early work.
Nawaz' novella "The White Dress" (which would later appear in her collection, "Mother Superior") won her the "Robert Kroetsch Award for Best Creative Thesis" in 2006. This award is given to the writer of the best creative thesis each year out of all University of Manitoba M.A. graduates. In the following years, Nawaz published several individual short stories in various literary publications across Canada (see "List of published works" below).
"Mother Superior".
In 2008, Nawaz published a collection of seven stories and two novellas entitled "Mother Superior". The collection includes five previously published short stories as well as two previously unpublished short stories and two previously unpublished novellas. "Mother Superior" has generally been met with positive reviews, even receiving a nomination for the prestigious "McAuslan First Book Prize" from the Quebec Writers' Federation. The stories in "Mother Superior" follow a diverse cast of female protagonists struggling with issues such as racism, abuse, death, anorexia, pregnancy and motherhood. "Mother Superior" is published by Freehand Books.
Bone and Bread.
Nawaz's first novel is called _Bone and Bread_. She has revealed that its narrative will follow two sisters from her previously published short story "Bloodlines" (found in "The New Quarterly" and as a part of "Mother Superior") twenty years after their original story.

</doc>
<doc id="31068635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068635" title="The Woods Are Full of Cuckoos">
The Woods Are Full of Cuckoos

The Woods Are Full Of Cuckoos is a "Merrie Melodie" cartoon directed by Frank Tashlin, and released in December 1937. It is a parody/send-up of several different radio programs of the era, particularly the then-popular "community sing" programs. Author and critic Alexander Woollcott is parodied as "Owl Kott" in the cartoon, a parody that Tashlin would revisit in "Have You Got Any Castles?" (1938). This is the very first cartoon to use the orange-yellow color scheme for the Merrie Melodies opening rings.
Plot.
The cartoon starts with an owl named "Owl Kott" (satirizing Woolcott's "Town Crier" radio program) giving an introduction to the festivities. This is followed by a Ben Bernie caricature called "Ben Birdie", feuding with "Walter Finchell". The same spoof was used in the cartoon "The Coo-Coo Nut Grove" (1936). Walter Winchell had a well-publicized feud with Bernie at the time, which, like Jack Benny's "feud" with Fred Allen, was faked for publicity purposes - Bernie and Winchell were actually good friends.
Next is "Milton Squirrel" (Milton Berle, emcee of "Gillette Community Sing") introducing "Wendell Howl" (Wendell Hall) and an audience trying to figure out which page to go to in their songbooks, which results in Wendell getting pelted by the audience's songbooks. Then, "Billy Goat and "Ernie Bear" (Billy Jones and Ernie Hare) and everyone else sings a song which the words are:
During the song, a fox (a caricature of Fred Allen) called "Mr. Allen" is told that he's singing "Swanee River" instead of the actual song. Then the song is sung by "Eddie Gander" (Eddie Cantor), "Sophie Turkey" (Sophie Tucker), "W.C. Fieldmouse" (Fields), "Dick Fowl" (Dick Powell), "Fats Swallow" (Waller), "Deanna Terrapin" (Deanna Durbin), "Irvin S. Frog" (Irvin S. Cobb), "Fred McFurry" (Fred MacMurray), "Bing Crowsby" (Crosby), "Al Goatson" (Jolson), "Ruby Squealer" (Ruby Keeler, Jolson's wife at the time), and "Lanny Hoss" (Lanny Ross). Then "Grace Moose" (Grace Moore) and "Lily Swans" (Lily Pons) sing notes, each note higher than the other. Comedienne and jazz singer Martha Raye (caricitured here as a mule named "Moutha Bray") makes an appearance in a scatting jazz take. Then, more spoofs are made, including movie critic and gossip columnist "Louella Possums" (Louella Parsons), Raven McQuandry (Haven McQuarrie, emcee of "Do You Want To Be An Actor?"), Joe Penguin (Joe Penner), Tizzie Fish ("Tizzie Lish", a character on Al Pearce's radio show), Jack Bunny (Benny), Mary Livingstone, and Andy Devine (a regular on Benny's radio program). Finally Owl Kott finishes the cartoon by bidding the audience goodnight, and saying "All is well, all is well..."
Availability.
This cartoon is found on The Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3.

</doc>
<doc id="31068643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068643" title="Pašiaušė">
Pašiaušė

Pašiaušė is a village in Lithuania, between Šiauliai and Panevėžys. According to census of 2001, it had 215 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="31068651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068651" title="Bhajarang Engineering College">
Bhajarang Engineering College

Bhajarang Engineering College is an Engineering College that is located in Ayathur, Thiruvallur (Near Veppampattu railway station). This college is affiliated to Anna University, Chennai. Bhajarang Engineering College established during 2001 – 2002 has been approved by the All India council for Technical Education, New Delhi and affiliated to Anna University, Chennai. An  Certified Institution (2004).
BEC is established under the auspicious of BHAJARANG EDUCATIONAL & SOCIAL TRUST, founded by Mr.M.G.Baskaran, as its Chairman and Managing Trustee, who took inspiring efforts to the service of student community.
Bhajarang Educational & Social Trust, a Telugu Linguistic Minority Trust having its registered office at No. 14,3 rd Main Road, Krishnapuram, Thiruninravur, Thiruvallur District – 602 024, was started to establish Engineering Colleges, Arts Colleges, Medical Colleges and other institutions for the sole benefit of the Telugu Linguistic Minority people. Meritorious students of other communities and religions are also admitted subject to the rules of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Eligibility for Admission.
Candidates should have passed in the H.S.C Examination of the State Board of Tamil Nadu or any other equivalent examination.
Achievements.
•  IIT Bombay's AAKASH R&D Project Centre and   IIT Bombay recognized Remote Centre
•  ISTE Award Winner Institution in the First Year (2001-2002).
•  BEST CHAPTER Award from ISTE for TN & PONDY for the year 2002.
•  22nd Ranking in University Results (2003).
•  An ISO 9001:2008 Certified Institution (2004).
IVRSSYSTEM Launched for total computerized college administration system first time in     Thiruvallur District in the year - 2004.
Facilities offered.
Transport.
The college transport department provides punctual service, besides ensuring safety and security to the students. More than 20 college buses help the students & staff to commute to the college from various places especially all city areas.
Hostel.
There are separate hostels for Boys and Girls in the campus. Boy's hostel is situated inside the college campus in an area of 5,000 sq.ft of land The Boys Hostel accommodates 300 boy's. There are around 100 students in the boy's hostel. The respective messes attached to the hostels provide quality and nutritious veg & non-veg food in a hygienic environment. A recreation room with TV and provisions for indoor games like Table Tennis, Chess, and Carom are available.
Library.
The Bhajarang Engineering College Library established in the year 2001 July was housed in a class room with 1500 books to start with. It is privileged to support the institute's march towards its vision "Stay A head". The Library is well equipped with modern facilities & resources in the form of CD-Rom. Online databases, audio video cassettes, books, journals etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31068684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068684" title="Mustafa Yektaoğlu">
Mustafa Yektaoğlu

Mustafa Yektaoğlu (born 28 November 1951 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Turkish Cypriot politician. He has been a member of the Assembly of Northern Cyprus since 2005 (he was elected twice, in 2005 and 2009) as a member of Republican Turkish Party. He has been the vice-speaker of the assembly since 6 May 2009. He studied at the Istanbul Faculty of Medicine at Istanbul University.

</doc>
<doc id="31068691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068691" title="Bharath Niketan College of Engineering">
Bharath Niketan College of Engineering

Bharath Niketan College of Engineering is a College of Engineering that is located in Thimmarasanayakanoor, Andipatti, Theni District in Tamil Nadu state, India.

</doc>
<doc id="31068693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068693" title="Virtual Labs (India)">
Virtual Labs (India)

Virtual Labs is a project initiated by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India, under the National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technology. The project aims to provide remote-access to Laboratories in various disciplines of science and engineering for students at all levels from under-graduate to research.
It also intends to develop a complete Learning Management System where the students can avail the various tools for learning, including additional web-resources, video-lectures, animated demonstrations and self-evaluation. There is also a component wherein costly equipment and resources are shared, which are otherwise available to only a limited number of users due to constraints on time and geographical distances.
Seven IIT's (Delhi, Bombay, Kanpur, Kharagpur, Madras, Roorkee and Guwahati), IIIT Hyderabad, Amrita University, Dayalbagh University, NIT Karnataka, and College of Engineering, Pune, are the institutions participating in the project.
The Project intends to cover physical sciences, chemical science and various branches of engineering like electronics and communications, computer science and engineering, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, biotechnology engineering and civil engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="31068707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068707" title="Bharathidasan Engineering College">
Bharathidasan Engineering College

Bharathidasan Engineering College is a College of Engineering that is located in K.Bandarapalli,Nattrampalli, Vellore

</doc>
<doc id="31068747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068747" title="Ghaisas">
Ghaisas

Ghaisas as a surname is prevalent only in Chitpavan brahmans of the Bharadwaj gotra who hail from the Konkan region of western Maharashtra.
About Ghaisas surname.
This surname is quite unusual in the sense that it is neither a title, nor does it relate to a place. It is therefore interesting to know the history of its origin which can be traced back to an Eighth century stone engraving (shila lekh) from the period of Govinda II, the Third king of the Rashtrakuta Dynasty where it was being referred to as "Gahiyasahas". The word however has meaning and refers to the intellectual abilities of a person who can explore into complex subjects.
Historically, Ghaisas had proficiency in astrology. This profession led them to be experts in matchmaking and also in the calculation of the precise time called "muhurta" for solemnising marriages and other religious ceremonies. Time was measured by placing a brass bowl having a minute hole in its bottom into a big urn filled with water. To arrive at the muhurta, needed skills and complex calculation of weight and area as an empty bowl was required to be filled in exactly 1 Ghatika (equivalent to 24 minutes), a measure of time in those days.
Forecasts based on Astrology as well as calculation of time was called ‘Ghatit’, the word was derived from ‘Ghatika-paatra’ i.e. bowl. The method of exploring these probables was an exercise of intellect, which very few people could achieve, and was therefore called Gahiyasahas. The person doing this was called ‘Gahiyasahasik’.
There is another attribute to the word 'Gahiyasahas', meaning the administrator of justice and of religious offences. Ghaisas were also holding the posts of ‘Dharmadhikari’, a person who used to take decisions of ‘Garhya’ i.e. despisable misdeeds relating to religion.The exercise needed utmost caution and deep knowledge of religious matters. These persons were called ‘Dharmik Garhyasahasik’.
The third attribute to the word ‘Gahiyasahasik’ can be found in the history of Karnataka.
There were several ‘Ghatika’s meaning religious centers in ancient times, which used to impart advanced learning in various fields of knowledge. Since admission to these Ghatikasthana’s were given only to merited students who excelled in learning, it was known as ‘Ghatikasahas’. In colloquial language, the word got converted into the present surname.
References to the surname are found on a Bronze plaque i.e. Tamra-pat, which dates back to eleventh century. There is an akin surname called ‘Ghalasasi’, however it belongs to persons of Vatsa Gotra.
Thus it is evident that the surname has been derived from their profession. In a brass scroll of Bagewadi of 12th century, Ghaisas have been attributed with several surnames which means it belonged to various families and professions. The surname at that time was used in respect for extraordinary proficiency in Vedanta, Nyaya (Judicial matters), Tarka (Logic), Astrology, Literature (Grammar),etc. 
Ghaisas were also good at writing manuscripts and reports, including those on stones (shila-lekhs). This job ran through the generations in Ghaisas and a reference to that effect can be seen on a tamra-pat (bronze plaque) of the Year 1060, belonging to the King Mamruni of Shilahara Kingdom found at Diveagar in Konkan. This plaque is first of its kind and is written in Prakrut Marathi.
Current status.
All Ghaisas are believed to be Chitpavan Brahman’s of Bharadwaj Gotra, originating from Kelshi, a small village in the Konkan region of western Maharashtra. Over a period of time these Ghaisas migrated to different places like Pune, Mumbai, Trimbakeshwar and in the states of Karnataka, Goa and Gujarat for livelihood. Today, they have dispersed to even far off places like U.S.A., Australia, etc. Many of them have earned name and prosperity, by their hardwork and intellect. Ghaisas have had a great tradition of excellence in the fields of education, law, astrology and Vedic rituals and knowledge. Today’s generations have embraced the newer fields of technology and software equally well.

</doc>
<doc id="31068748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068748" title="Shota Chomakhidze">
Shota Chomakhidze

Shota Chomakhidze (born 17 November 1978) is a footballer who plays as a forward for FC Samtredia.
Club career.
Born in Samtredia, Chomakhidze began playing football for FC Samtredia. He joined Georgian first division side FC Dinamo Tbilisi in 1999, and won the Georgian championship with the club. He played for Armenian Premier League side Ulisses during 2007.
In 2000, he joined Ukrainian Premier League side FC Nyva Ternopil. He would later join fellow Premier League club SC Tavriya Simferopol.
Chomakhidze has played for the Georgia national football team at various junior levels.

</doc>
<doc id="31068761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068761" title="Purcarel">
Purcarel

Pùrcarel quarry is the name of a little natural circular hollow, about 60 metres in diameter, located in the woodlands of the little Bertignano Lake, near Viverone, Province of Biella in Piedmont, Italy.<br>
The soil rich in clay (typical of the moraines),turn occasionally this basin in a pond,although not possessing affluents and emissaries.
The site is of archaeological interest. It was the seat of a garrison-prehistoric dwelling, consisting of huts resting on twelve heaps of stones, still visible on the border.
Archaeological excavations unearthed ceramic materials, related to two different eras, the late Neolithic and the Bronze Age. It is common opinion of the connection with two prehistoric canoes found in nearby Bertignano Lake, and stored at the Antiquities Museum in Turin.
The Pùrcarel name is of unknown origin.
Other important archaeological remains can be found at the nearby Monte Orsetto and inside a wooded area near Peverano (Roppolo).

</doc>
<doc id="31068767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068767" title="Nikola Kolarov">
Nikola Kolarov

Nikola Kolarov (born 14 March 1983 in Belgrade) is a Serbian professional football player who last played for KSZO Ostrowiec.
Career.
Club.
In February 2011, he joined KSZO Ostrowiec on aone and a half year contract. He was released half a year later.
Personal life.
He is a brother of Manchester City player Aleksandar Kolarov.

</doc>
<doc id="31068787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068787" title="Virtual Labs">
Virtual Labs

Virtual Labs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31068837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068837" title="Jurg Zeltner">
Jurg Zeltner

Jürg Zeltner is the CEO of UBS Wealth Management.
Education.
Zeltner graduated from the College of Higher Vocational Education in Berne with a Diploma in Business Administration and completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School. He was born on 4 May 1967 and is a Swiss citizen.
Career.
He was appointed member of the UBS Group Executive Board in February 2009. Prior to that, he held various management positions within UBS. From 2005 to 2008 he was CEO of UBS Deutschland AG, Frankfurt am Main (Germany), and became CEO of all UBS business in Benelux, Germany and Central Europe in 2007. Thereafter, he served as head of Wealth Management for North, East & Central Europe. 
Zeltner joined the Corporate Client division of Schweizerischer Bankverein (SBV/SBC) in 1987, where he held various positions in Switzerland and New York. Amongst other roles, Zeltner was Credit Risk Officer for Corporate and Institutional clients. Following the merger of SBC with Schweizerische Bankgesellschaft (SBG/UBS) to become UBS in 1998, Zeltner was appointed head of Portfolio Management for Risk Transformation and Capital Management.
On 17 November 2011 UBS held their annual Investor Day in New York. Jürg Zeltner gave a presentation on the UBS Wealth Management Division in which he outlined how the business is positioned in the financial markets and in view of future growth. He pointed out that UBS's strategy is centered around its wealth management business.
Philanthropy.
Zeltner is Chairman of the UBS Optimus Foundation and a board member of the German-Swiss Chamber of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="31068865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068865" title="At the Gates of Darkness">
At the Gates of Darkness

At the Gates of Darkness is a 2010 fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist, the second book of his "Demonwar Saga" and the 26th book in his Riftwar Cycle. The book continues the events of the previous novel involving Pug's battle with Belasco and the Demon Horde.
Synopsis.
The remnants of the Conclave of Shadows, led by Pug, struggle to defeat evil magician Belasco before the Demon horde arrives in Midkemia.
Reception.
Publishers Weekly was critical of the book, calling it "comfort reading for Feist's longtime fans".

</doc>
<doc id="31068891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068891" title="Oman national beach soccer team">
Oman national beach soccer team

The Oman national beach soccer team represents Oman in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Oman Football Association, the governing body for football in Oman.
Current squad.
"Correct as of September 2011".
Coach: Talib Al Thanawi
Famous Players.
Hani Al Dhabit

</doc>
<doc id="31068918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068918" title="Al-Rumaitha District">
Al-Rumaitha District

Al-Rumaitha District is a district of the Al Muthanna Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068919" title="Al-Salman District">
Al-Salman District

Al-Salman District is a district of the Al Muthanna Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068921" title="Al-Samawa District">
Al-Samawa District

Al-Samawa District is a district of the Al Muthanna Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068922" title="Afaq District">
Afaq District

Afaq District is a district of the Al Muthanna Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068923" title="Al-Shamiya District">
Al-Shamiya District

Al-Shamiya District is a district of the Al Muthanna Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068924" title="Diwaniya District">
Diwaniya District

Diwaniya District is a district of the Al Muthanna Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068925" title="Hamza District">
Hamza District

Hamza District is a district of the Al Muthanna Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068928" title="Hashimiya District">
Hashimiya District

Hashimiya District is a district of the Babil Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068934" title="Abu Al-Khaseeb District">
Abu Al-Khaseeb District

Abu Al-Khaseeb District is a district of the Basra Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068938" title="Al-Midaina District">
Al-Midaina District

Al-Midaina District is a district of the Basra Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068940" title="Al-Qurna District">
Al-Qurna District

Al-Qurna District is a district of the Basra Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068941" title="Al-Zubair District">
Al-Zubair District

Al-Zubair District is a district of the Basra Governorate, Iraq.
The idea of making al-Zubair a separate province is one that has existed since the early 1990s. Saddam Hussein hoped to make al-Zubair province number 19 and annex it to Kuwait after invading. Saddam’s failure in the war put paid to his plans. 

</doc>
<doc id="31068943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068943" title="Basrah District">
Basrah District

Basrah District is a district of the Basra Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068946" title="Al-Faw District">
Al-Faw District

Al-Faw District is a district of the Basra Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068950" title="Shatt Al-Arab District">
Shatt Al-Arab District

Shatt Al-Arab District is a district of the Basra Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068954" title="Guy Gerber">
Guy Gerber

Guy Gerber (born in 1974 in Holon, near Tel Aviv) is an electronic DJ/producer and musician who specializes in making music with synthesizers and live instrumentation in the techno scene and beyond. Gerber regularly DJs across the globe at events in Detroit, Berlin, Ibiza, Miami, and the UK.
At the age of 15, Gerber was a member of the Israeli Under-16 national football team but soon developed a passion for music and found himself drawn to English guitar acts like Joy Division and Irish guitar acts like My Bloody Valentine. Consequently, his harmonic, shoe-gaze inspired sound was a style that saw Gerber record for various European electronic labels including ‘Stoppage Time’ for John Digweed’s Bedrock imprint.
Gerber’s first full length album ‘Late Bloomers’ was released on Sven Väth’s Cocoon imprint in June 2007 and featured two worldwide club hits in ‘Belly Dancing’ and ‘Sea Of Sand’ which he recorded with his Israeli production friend Shlomi Aber. In addition to his productions, Guy also found time to remix New Order and Dominik Eulberg as well as setting up his own label Supplement Facts. More recently, he’s remixed ‘The L Word’ by Deniz Kurtel and ‘Hungry For The Power’ by Azari & III.
Now living in Madrid, Supplement Facts has just celebrated its 5th anniversary with the compilation album ‘Heartbeats’. As well as releasing Gerber’s own productions like ‘Disorientation’, Supplement Facts is also home to exclusive music by Lee Curtiss, David K, Michel Cleis and Varoslav feat dOP.

</doc>
<doc id="31068957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068957" title="Al-Chibayish District">
Al-Chibayish District

Al-Chibayish District is a district of the Dhi Qar Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068960" title="Al-Rifa'i District">
Al-Rifa'i District

Al-Rifa'i District is a district of the Dhi Qar Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068962" title="Al-Shatra District">
Al-Shatra District

Al-Shatra District is a district of the Dhi Qar Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068964" title="Nassriya District">
Nassriya District

Nassriya District is a district of the Dhi Qar Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068969" title="Suq Al-Shoyokh District">
Suq Al-Shoyokh District

Suq Al-Shoyokh District is a district of the Dhi Qar Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068973" title="Al-Khalis District">
Al-Khalis District

Al-Khalis District is a district of the Diyala Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068977" title="Baladrooz District">
Baladrooz District

Baladrooz District is a district of the Diyala Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068982" title="Ain Al-Tamur District">
Ain Al-Tamur District

Ain Al-Tamur District is a district of the Karbala Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068989" title="Al-Hindiya District">
Al-Hindiya District

Al-Hindiya District is a district of the Karbala Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068992" title="Kerbala District">
Kerbala District

Kerbala District is a district of the Karbala Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31068993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31068993" title="Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum">
Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum

The Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum is a museum located in Lafayette, Louisiana. It is the art museum for the University of Louisiana at Lafayette and is named after Paul and Lulu Hilliard, who donated $3 million for the building's construction.
History.
In 1964, Lafayette businessman and philanthropist, Maurice Heymann donated to the University of Southwestern Louisiana (USL), now University of Louisiana at Lafayette, three-acres of land located on the corner of East Saint Mary Boulevard and Girard Park Drive for the purpose of building the Art Center for Southwestern Louisiana.
Town Building.
In 1965, USL Foundation began planning for the construction and operation of the Center. Starting with a fund of $100,000, the Foundation began a campaign to secure an additional $100,000. Construction on the Center began in April 1967 and the building opened to the public in March 1968. The Center, a replica of the Hermitage (Darrow, Louisiana), a 19th-century Louisiana River Road Greek Revival plantation house, was designed by A. Hays Town.
University Art Museum.
In 2002, Lafayette residents, Paul and Lulu Hilliard, presented UL Lafayette Foundation a lead gift of $3 million for the construction of a new $8.4 million University Art Museum. The new Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum opened in April 2004. The museum building is with over of gallery space. It was designed by Eskew+Dumez+Ripple, a New Orleans-based studio. The Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum is the recipient of six distinguished architectural design awards, including the 2005 American Institute of Architects National Honor Award. The University Art Museum is an education-oriented museum that serves as a center for interdisciplinary learning. It serves the University of Louisiana at Lafayette’s educational mission to a traditional liberal arts and sciences education. In 2011 the Hilliard Museum was one of four museums recognized by the Fondation Alberto et Annette Giacometti, based in Paris, France, for protection of artworks and artist rights. Other nominees included The National Gallery, London, Victoria Albert Museum, London, and the Detroit Institute of Art.
Forgery Incident.
In September 2010, Mark Landis went to the Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum, under the identity of a jesuit priest, Father Arthur Scott. He donated a painting said to be by Charles Courtney Curran, under the pretext of the loss of his mother. The director, Mark Tullos, asked registrar Joyce Penn to verify the painting. Penn examined the painting under blacklight, and the colors glowed suspiciously. A microscope observation then showed a dot-matrix pattern, hinting that a mere photocopy of the original had been projected on the board and then painted over. Joyce Penn digged deeper and linked up with another investigation. In November 2010, The Art Newspaper published a complete paper on the matter. The last known attempt by Landis took place in November 2010, again under the Father Arthur Scott identity, at the Ackland Art Museum, with a French academy drawing.
Both Tullos and Leininger wished to put an end to Landis' forger career. Matthew Leininger and Aaron Cowan set up an exhibition wishing to address the general matter of forgery in art, and specifically Landis' works. The curators collected some 90 pieces by Landis, who provided his "jesuit father" costume and some of his art books. Named "Faux Real", it took place from April first to May 20, 2012 at the Dorothy W. and C. Lawson Reed Jr. Gallery, Cincinnati. The organizers set up a short video featuring Landis' most relevant paintings.
The Collection.
The Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum collection consists of over 4,000 objects including 18th, 19th, 20th, and 21st century American, European and Asian art works. Specific focus is given to artists who work or have worked in Louisiana and/or influenced the culture of Louisiana.
The Henry Botkin Collection.
The Museum holds 150 pieces from American Modernist Henry Botkin in oil, pastel, and collage produced from the 1930s to the 1960s. It is considered one of the most important single collections held at the Hilliard.
The Jacqueline Heymann Cohn Japanese Print Collection.
A collection of Japanese woodblock printing, illustrating the changes in Japanese society from the late 19th to the early 20th century. The subjects vary from popular social interests and concerns, to beautiful women, to handsome actors, and political satire.
The Sylvia and Warren Lowe Collection of American Vernacular Art.
A Collection of folk art, also called self-taught or vernacular art. Artists include Ida Rittenberg Kohlmeyer, Henry Ray Clark, and Welmon Sharlhorne.
The Louisiana Collection.
19th - 21st century paintings, drawings, prints, photographs, and sculpture by Louisiana artists. Artists include John McCrady, William Moreland, Elemore Morgan, Jr., George Rodrigue, Hunt Slonem, Margaret Evangeline, Cora Kelley Ward, Clyde Connell, among many others.
The Ambassador Jefferson Caffery Collection.
A collection of ancient Egyptian art that Jefferson Caffery gathered while he was the U.S. ambassador to Egypt (1949–1955).
The European and American Painting Collection.
A growing collection establish through the generous contributions of W. E. Groves and the ongoing contributions of Robert and Jolie Shelton, George and Betty Jo Newton, and Elizabeth Dubus Baldridge.

</doc>
<doc id="31069003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069003" title="Al-Hawija District">
Al-Hawija District

Al-Hawija District is a district of the Kirkuk Governorate, Iraq. Its capital is Hawija.
Hawija district has approximately 450,000 inhabitants, about 98 percent of them Sunni Arabs and the rest mostly Sunni Turkmens. Most of the inhabitants live in rural areas.

</doc>
<doc id="31069009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069009" title="Bir Hima Rock Petroglyphs and Inscriptions">
Bir Hima Rock Petroglyphs and Inscriptions

Bir Hima is a rock art site in Najran province, in southwest Saudi Arabia, about north of the city of Najran. An ancient Palaeolithic and Neolithic site, the Bir Hima Complex covers the time period of 2500–1000 BC. Bir Hima contains numerous troughs whose type is similar from North Arabia to Yemen.
History.
Ancient history of human occupation of this habitat is credited to its resources of wild life, water and the lime stone terrain. Saudi Arabia's rock art, which has found appreciation in recent years, is considered among the richest in the world along with other examples found in Australia, India and South Africa. The area was explored by the Philby-Ryckmans-Lippen expedition of 1951 and published by E. Anati (1969–72). It was then noted that the images on the rocks were inscribed with inset into the sandstone formation, dated 300–200 BC. Its rich heritage of rock petroglyphs caught the attention of Saudi Arabia’s Department of Antiquities only after 1976 when Jubba and other sites were investigated. One of the expedition members investigating this art form found a site west of the ancient wells of Bir Hima where he recorded 250 images.
Findings.
Bir Hima, which is an ancient Palaeolithic and Neolithic site, lies north of Najran, categorized as a Lower Palaeolithic or Oldowan site. Apart from petroglyphs, carving tools used for this art work (in the form of chopper or pebble tools) were also found here, made of such materials as quartzite, andesite and flint. The images appear to have been inscribed with Bronze. The petroglyphs noted, when initially found in the 1950s, consisted of daggers and swords, bows with arrows tipped with transverse arrowheads, sickle swords and throw-sticks. These depictions were interpreted as symbolic of spiritual animism. 
Bir Hima, as part of Najran, is a treasure trove of petroglyphs, eclipsed only by those found in the Jubba region. Here, 100 sites have been identified. In the Najran area, as many as 6,400 human and animal illustrations, which include more than 1,800 camels and 1,300 human depictions, have been recorded. At this important rock art site, apart from depictions of humans, giraffes and other animals, the sixth century inscriptions of Dhu Nuwas, a Himyarite King who occupied Najran, are also recorded. A number of articulated camel fragments were excavated at site 217-44. While its engravings are probably much earlier than those of Hunters Palette, the Bir Hima warrior, armed with bow, is almost identical to the men on the Hunters Palette.

</doc>
<doc id="31069013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069013" title="St. Peter's Church, Lima">
St. Peter's Church, Lima

Iglesia de San Pedro is the Spanish name for Saint Peter Church (formerly San Pablo church) located in Lima, Peru. The church was completed in 1638. 
It is administered by the Jesuits and it was created Basilica as part of the Archdiocese of Lima.
The church is part of the Historic Centre of Lima, which was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1991.
In this church, Sacred Heart of Jesus is venerated.

</doc>
<doc id="31069014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069014" title="Daquq District">
Daquq District

Daquq District is a district of the Kirkuk Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069018" title="Kirkuk District">
Kirkuk District

Kirkuk District is a district of the Kirkuk Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069021" title="Makhmur District">
Makhmur District

Makhmur District is a district of the Arbil Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069025" title="Suzanne Renaud">
Suzanne Renaud

Life.
Suzanne Renaud (born 1889 in Lyon, France; died 1964, in Havlíčkův Brod) was a French poet and translator. She moved from her native Lyon to Grenoble in 1894, and during the war she worked at the military infirmary there. In 1926 she married the Czech poet Bohuslav Reynek in Grenoble, who had come to seek her permission to translate her poetry in 1923. For the next ten years they divided their time between France and Czechoslovakia, settling in the latter country definitively in 1936. She translated her husband's works into French, as he did for her. In the years 1947-1959 she corresponded with the French writer Henri Pourrat. She also translated the Czech poets Vladimír Holan and František Halas into French.
Bibliography.
Reynek, Bohuslav, "Básnické spisy". ed Marie Chlíbcová (Peterkov: Archa, 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="31069028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069028" title="Pradeep Dadha">
Pradeep Dadha

Pradeep Dadha is a businessman in Chennai, India, who leads the privately held Pradeep Dadha Group of Companies.
Career.
Dadha worked at his family's pharmaceutical company, where he set up the company's internet retail pharmacy. Dadha's pharmaceutical business has been called one of Chennai's "most impressive (business) success stories."
In 2009, Dadha opened the Chennai franchise of the Kimaya Avenue store, a chain of high-end fashion boutiques in India. 
Dadha runs Pradeep Dadha Group of Companies, a private holding company, and is chairman of its subsidiary, Notch Media. In September 2012, Notch Media launched an online lifestyle magazine, "NOTCH (magazine)".
Personal life.
In 2005, Dadha and his wife moved into the home where he was raised in the Chennai suburb of Royapettah.

</doc>
<doc id="31069034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069034" title="Ali Al-Gharbi District">
Ali Al-Gharbi District

Ali Al-Gharbi District is a district of the Maysan Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069035" title="Al-Kahla District">
Al-Kahla District

Al-Kahla District is a district of the Maysan Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069042" title="Al-Maimouna District">
Al-Maimouna District

Al-Maimouna District is a district of the Maysan Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069044" title="Al-Mejar Al-Kabi District">
Al-Mejar Al-Kabi District

Al-Mejar Al-Kabi District is a district of the Maysan Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069045" title="Qal'at Saleh District">
Qal'at Saleh District

Qal'at Saleh District is a district of the Maysan Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069048" title="MGMT (album)">
MGMT (album)

MGMT is the self-titled third album by American psychedelic rock band MGMT released on September 17, 2013.
The album features a variety of unique visual elements to accompany and illuminate the new music via "The Optimizer", which provides listeners a simultaneously aural and optical listening experience featuring video and CGI work, and is available as part of an enhanced album package on all commercial formats.
History.
On September 27, 2010, an interview article in "Spin" quoted them as saying that they will have less freedom on this album, claiming that Columbia was not happy with the reception of the band's second album, "Congratulations". MGMT later denied these statements in an email to Pitchfork, who cited the article on their own site as a side note to a different story, stating that they were not "even close to starting the process of making a new album," that "label-relations are currently quite friendly," and finally telling readers "Don't believe everything that you read (even on Pitchfork.com)."
In an interview with "American Songwriter" published on November 8, 2010, VanWyngarden and Goldwasser said their third album will be self-titled, and that "usually if we say something and it gets published, we stick to it. That's what happened with "Congratulations"." Regarding the content of the album, Goldwasser said “Something that’d be fun to do is have a decent number of songs on the album that can easily be extended or have sections that could turn into a really trance-y, repetitive thing live.”
When in Argentina to perform on January 22, 2011,
On February 28, 2011, they told "Coup de Main" magazine that they will be on tour until April, when they will begin work on demos for the third album. On January 26, 2012 MGMT confirmed in an interview with Gibby Haynes of Butthole Surfers in the inaugural issue of Intercourse Magazine that they had started work on the album. VanWyngarden stated that he has written five songs, inspired by R.E.M.. On February 27, the band began recording the album at Tarbox Road Studios with producer Dave Fridmann.
On March 1, Andrew VanWyngarden revealed in an interview that they will perform new songs on their upcoming shows in Argentina, Chile, México, Colombia, Brazil and Puerto Rico. On March 30, the band premiered a new song, "Alien Days", at a show in Bogotá, Colombia. at the Festival Estereo Picnic. The song was also played at the following shows in Latin America. On August 3, Andrew VanWyngarden told "The Morning Call" that their new album was "too good not to talk about". He said he was enjoying it, it sounds close to "Congratulations", and they're "making good songs".
On January 29, 2013, the band told "Rolling Stone" that they "are not trying to make music that everyone understands the first time they hear it." They also confirmed that a song entitled "Mystery Disease" and a cover of Faine Jade's 1968 track "Introspection" will be included on the album. On March 4, 2013 MGMT released information about their 2013 tour that started April 26 and ended on May 18. On March 6, 2013 MGMT's producer Dave Fridmann stated on his website that the album was about to be finished.
On June 9, the band confirmed on their official Twitter account that they were going to finish the album cover later that day. On June 10, Dave Fridmann updated his website with the news that the album could be out sometime in August. On June 25, MGMT revealed via their website that the album is due for release on September 17, 2013. The band confirmed via Twitter that their new video for "Your Life Is a Lie" will come out on August 5, and it's accompanied with an interactive kaleidoscopic video embedded on their official website. MGMT released their full album "MGMT" prematurely via twitter on September 9 saying they had a "surprise". Days before its official release, was made pre-release of the album in the service Rdio on September 9, 2013.
Singles.
On March 22, 2013 the Record Store Day release was confirmed to be a cassette tape containing the studio version of "Alien Days" and was made available on April 20. Its video was released on 31 October 2013, and was directed by indie director Sam Fleischner.
The first video released from the album was for the track "Your Life Is a Lie", which was directed by Tom Kuntz, and was released on August 5, 2013.
Critical reception.
The album has generated a wide range of reviews. According to review aggregator website Metacritic, the album received an average critic review score of 62/100, based on 32 reviews, indicating generally favorable reviews. Mike Usinger of "Alternative Press" said of the album, "Beyond weird? Yes, but in the best, most deliciously mind-bending of ways." Tom Pinnock of "NME" gave the album an 8/10, saying, ""MGMT" might be an uncomfortable journey at times, but it's also a transcendental one you've never been on before. Forget the shareholders – it's time for us to give MGMT a proper chance, on their own terms." "Spin", however, called it a "confused, confusing album," and that it will "leave you as confused as they seem to be."

</doc>
<doc id="31069057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069057" title="Al-Manathera District">
Al-Manathera District

Al-Manathera District is a district of the Najaf Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069061" title="Kufa District">
Kufa District

Kufa District is a district of the Najaf Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069064" title="Najaf District">
Najaf District

Najaf District is a district of the Najaf Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069072" title="Sturgeon River (Saskatchewan)">
Sturgeon River (Saskatchewan)

The Sturgeon River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in the census divisions No. 15 and No. 16, Saskatchewan, Canada. It flows from its source in Prince Albert National Park to the North Saskatchewan River just west of Prince Albert.
Course.
The Sturgeon river begins at an unnamed lake in Prince Albert National Park.
It reaches its mouth at the North Saskatchewan River, which flows via Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River to Hudson Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="31069074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069074" title="East Cliff and Warren Country Park">
East Cliff and Warren Country Park

East Cliff and Warren Country Park is in Folkestone, in Kent, England.
This country park is formed of the East Cliffs of Folkestone, the sandy beaches of East Wear Bay and the land-slipped nature reserve land between the cliffs and the sea.
History.
On the East cliffs, are 3 Martello Towers. These were built on the cliffs in 1804-09 to protect against the French invasion of Napoleon. Number 3, since 1990 is used as a Martello Tower visitor centre by Shepway Council. Beside it is an information panel describing the former Roman villa on the site. In 1875 until 1892, near Martello Tower 1, was a public house called the Warren Inn. it closed after it people were caught drinking after hours. The Earl of Radnor had it closed, as it was on his land. The East cliffs were popular with Victorians who picnicked on the grassy meadows of the cliffs before heading down towards the sandy beaches.
The area was popular with burrowing rabbits and was named informally 'The Warren'.
In 1884, the South East Main Line railway was built from Ashford to Folkestone and then onwards to Dover, through the Warren.
Folkestone Warren Halt railway station was opened in 1886, and a bridge was built over the Main Line leading to a gate on to The Warren from which the public could picnic and enjoy the dramatic scenery in the area. Also a zig-zag path led down the East Cliff to the station.
In December 1915, a large landslip resulted in the entire undercliff supporting the Main Line moved towards the sea causing approximately 1.5 million cubic metres of chalk to slip or fall burying Warren Halt and the railway line. Fortunately, no-one was hurt in the occurrence. This was one of the largest landslides in Kent.
The Warren was still a popular picnic spot in Edwardian times and a nearby tea chalet served hundreds of visitors daily.
The land was then defended from coastal erosion with the intentional effect of stopping any more landslips to the land beyond the line.
In 1923, the Halt Station was rebuilt by the Southern Railway which added a set of platforms. The station remained open for a further 16 years before another landslip in 1939. 
In 1924, the land was given to the council of Folkestone for perpetual recreational use by the Earls of Radnor during the 19th century,
and the country park was formed soon after by the council. The park covers an area of 299.4 hectares (or )
It has various paths leading through it towards the coastline and beach, or up to the cliffs towards Old Dover Road. 
It is now a Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ), due to its position and geology 
The site is well known for the amount of fossils being found in the park, and the landslips are of great interest to those studying geomorphology. The land is generally formed out of Gault Clay (for the cliffs) and sandstone for the more resistant rocky headland of Copt Point. The site of a World War II observation post.
After the Country Park was set up, grazing animals were banned, this has allowed shrubs and trees to seed naturally across the site. Patches of wildflower meadow still exist and these are the favoured habitats of various rare insects. Including harvestman ("Trogulus tricarinatus") and millipede (Polydesmus testaceus). Also rare plant species in the park include; wild cabbage (Brassica oleracea), the Dover variety of Nottingham catchfly (Silene nutans var nutans) and the extremely local clove-scented broom rape (Orobanche caryophyllacea).
The Warren is an important habitat for many insects. Over 330 types of moth have been recorded visiting the site, including the continental migrant sub-angled wave moth (Scopula nigropunctata). The fiery clearwing moth is only found here, as well as many butterflies.
The Grayling butterfly has a small colony in the site, the only one in Kent.
The White Cliffs Countryside Project (WCCP), who are assisting by local volunteers to maintain the remaining areas of chalk grassland and meadow. They have created open grassy corridor habitats along the footpaths so that the wild flowers and insects can survive and access other parts of the important nature reserve.
The Saxon Shore Way and North Downs Way, (long distance trails lead through the park between Folkestone and Dover, via Capel-le-Ferne.
Beside Wear Bay Road, on the northern fringes of the park, is Little Switzerland Camping Site; it is so named because of the mountainous-looking white cliffs nearby. 
Location.
From Wear Bay Road in Folkestone, access to the Warren is from the Martello Towers on East Cliff, from a small car park past Little Switzerland Camp site, or via a cliffside path from New Dover Road, near Capel-le-Ferne.

</doc>
<doc id="31069090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069090" title="Aqrah District">
Aqrah District

Akre District is a district of the Dohuk Governorate in the Iraqi Kurdistan region.
The district has five sub-districts:

</doc>
<doc id="31069092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069092" title="Al-Ba'aj District">
Al-Ba'aj District

Al-Ba'aj District is a district of the Ninawa Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069095" title="David D. Rutstein">
David D. Rutstein

David Davis Rutstein (1909-1986) was a long-time faculty member at Harvard Medical School and an advocate for preventive medicine. He was one of the first physicians to use television as an outreach tool to inform the public about health concerns and research. Rutstein also played a national role in the organization of medical care in the United States, the integration of preventive medicine into patient care, and the measurement of medical outcomes.
David Rutstein was born in 1909 in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Harvard College in 1930 and from Harvard Medical School with an M.D. in 1934. He completed clinical training at Boston City Hospital and Children's Hospital Boston and taught at Albany Medical College and the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. He joined the Harvard Medical School faculty in 1947 as a professor and head of the Department of Preventive Medicine, a position he held until 1969. From 1966 to his retirement in 1975, he was the Ridley Watts professor of preventive medicine.
In his teaching career, Rutstein taught medical students preventive clinical medicine, focusing on the interfaces of basic sciences, epidemiology, design of experiments, biological engineering, and health services research. He conducted teaching rounds at Massachusetts General Hospital, Peter Bent Brigham Hospital (now Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston City Hospital, and the Rheumatic Fever Service of the House of the Good Samaritan.
Rutstein's non-teaching clinical work included studies on cardiovascular physiological changes in infectious diseases; an international study of the treatment of rheumatic fever; and research at the United States Veteran's Administration on measuring and improving the quality of medical care. His work on rheumatic fever took place in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada and was supported by the American Heart Association's Council on Rheumatic Fever and by the British Medical Research Council.
Rutstein was also a prolific author. His scientific work was published in regional and national medical journals and his books include "Lifetime Health Record" (Harvard University Press, 1958), "The Coming Revolution in Medicine" (MIT Press, 1967), "Engineering and Living Systems" (MIT Press, 1970), and "Blueprint for Medical Care" (MIT Press, 1974).
In 1955, Rutstein began a television series on WGBH-TV called "Facts of Medicine". The short program was designed to inform the general public about local and national health concerns and to introduce them to current research projects in medicine. "Facts of Medicine" ran for 40 episodes.
During the 1960s, Rutstein directed a study on forming health maintenance programs, lobbied for changes in state laws regarding birth control, and advocated for the role of nurse midwives in delivery rooms.
Rutstein was one-time president of the American Epidemiological Society and, as recognition of his work and respected position in the medical field, was elected as a member to the Council of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the French Academy of Medicine, and the English Royal Society of Medicine. He received awards for his work including the Jubilee Medal of the Swedish Medical Society, the Gold Heart Award from the American Heart Association, and the French Legion of Honour.

</doc>
<doc id="31069096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069096" title="Hatra District">
Hatra District

Hatra District is a district of the Ninawa Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069099" title="Mosul District">
Mosul District

Mosul District is a district of the Ninawa Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069101" title="Sinjar District">
Sinjar District

Sinjar District is a district of the Ninawa Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069105" title="Tel Afar District">
Tel Afar District

Tel Afar District is a district of the Ninawa Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069111" title="Al-Daur District">
Al-Daur District

Al-Daur District is a district of the Salah ad Din Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069113" title="Al-Shirqat District">
Al-Shirqat District

Al-Shirqat District is a district of the Salah ad Din Governorate, Iraq. Al-Shirqat is the capital of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="31069117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069117" title="Baiji District">
Baiji District

Baiji District is a district of the Salah ad Din Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069119" title="Balad District">
Balad District

Bal'ad District (Somali: Degmada Balcad) is one of the districts of Middle Shabelle region of Somalia. It is located about 36 kilometers northeast of the capital city of Mogadishu. It has an area of 4,400 square kilometres (1,700 sq miles) with an estimated population of 642,000 and 82 villages (tuulo). Most of the population is Mataan Abdulle, Wabudhan Abgaal from Mudulood clan of Hawiye.
The district passes one of the Somalia's permanent rivers (Shabelle) which passes through the city of Bal-ad, nevertheless neighbours the Indian Ocean and has a long coast of about 70 km. The district is famous for agriculture, livestock and marine resources.
Bal'ad has one the nature reserves of the country which is located on the eastern bank of the Shabelle River, immediately south of the town. It has been established by the Somali Ecological Society in 1985, at which that time covered an area of 42 ha and later extended to 190 ha in 1987. The site consists of one of the few patches of riverine forest remaining on the Shabelle River and the surrounding scrub savannah.
The principal trees of the riverine forest include Acacia elatior, Ficus sycamorus, Garcinia livingstonei, Mimusops fruticosa and Tamarindus indica, while the surrounding scrub consists of more stunted Acacia nilotica with a dense undergrowth of herbs and tall grasses.
The reserve included a field-centre which, from 1985 to 1990, burning, cutting and grazing within the site was controlled and there were some signs of recovery of the forest and an increase in wildlife populations.
The natural ports of Ceel Macaan and Ceel Cadde which located in the district were the main gates for the incoming and out going goods of Somalia, likewise Cisiley airport during the decade and half, when Mogadishu air and seaport were closed.

</doc>
<doc id="31069120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069120" title="Samarra District">
Samarra District

Samarra District is a district of the Salah ad Din Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069122" title="Tikrit District">
Tikrit District

Tikrit District is a district of the Salah ad Din Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069124" title="Tooz District">
Tooz District

Tooz District is a district in the north-eastern part of Saladin Province, Iraq. Its main settlement is the city of Tuz Khormato. 

</doc>
<doc id="31069137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069137" title="Chamchamal District">
Chamchamal District

Chamchamal District is a district of the Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069138" title="Darbandokeh District">
Darbandokeh District

Darbandokeh District is a district of the Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069141" title="Museum of Dartmoor Life">
Museum of Dartmoor Life

The Museum of Dartmoor Life (MDL) is a local museum in Okehampton, Devon, southwest England. It covers life in the Dartmoor area.
The museum opened in 1981.
It is housed on three floors in an early 19th-century mill and there is a waterwheel at the museum. The collections concentrate on the social history of Dartmoor and Okehampton from prehistoric times to the present. The museum is run as an independent charitable trust with a board of trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="31069145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069145" title="Dokan District">
Dokan District

Dokan District is a district of the Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069146" title="Halabja District">
Halabja District

Halabja District was a district of the Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq. In March 2014 the district was raised from district status to governorate status. The nahiyahs of the district were elevated to becoming districts when the new governorate was formed. 

</doc>
<doc id="31069148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069148" title="Kalar District">
Kalar District

Kalar District is a district of the Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069150" title="Penjwin District">
Penjwin District

Penjwin District is a district of the Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069153" title="Which Medical Device">
Which Medical Device

Which Medical Device is a review site for medical devices with reviews, medical device news and videos of medical procedures. Users can rate and review medical devices listed on the website, or suggest devices for inclusion and review. The website also publishes device reviews from an editorial team and encourages users to submit detailed reviews. Device manufacturers pay a fee to submit expanded product information to the website.
History.
Which Medical Device was launched in September 2010 by Dr Philip Haslam (an Interventional Radiologist based at the Freeman Hospital, Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom) alongside colleague Mr Craig Gerrand and business partner Steve Walmsley. The site incorporates content from the Which Interventional Device website that Dr. Haslam founded in 2007. Which Medical Device currently covers devices in the fields of Interventional Radiology, Cardiology, Orthopaedics and Anaesthesia and Critical care.

</doc>
<doc id="31069157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069157" title="Pshdar District">
Pshdar District

Pshdar District is a district of the Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069162" title="Rania District">
Rania District

Rania District is a district of the Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069165" title="Sulaymaniya District">
Sulaymaniya District

Sulaymaniya District is a district of the Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069172" title="Sladkovsky">
Sladkovsky

Sladkovsky (masculine), Sladkovskaya (feminine), or Sladkovskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31069178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069178" title="Al-Hai District">
Al-Hai District

Al-Hai District is a district of the Wasit Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069185" title="Al-Na'maniya District">
Al-Na'maniya District

Al-Na'maniya District is a district of the Wasit Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069186" title="Al-Suwaira District">
Al-Suwaira District

Al-Suwaira District is a district of the Wasit Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069187" title="Badra District">
Badra District

Badra District is a district of the Wasit Governorate, Iraq. 

</doc>
<doc id="31069190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069190" title="Kut District">
Kut District

Kut District is a district of the Wasit Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069201" title="Kimberly Cole">
Kimberly Cole

Kimberly Cole (b. Orange County, California) is an American pop singer, songwriter, and music correspondent/host. She is signed with the William Morris Endeavor agency, and has interviewed celebrities, bands, and other recording artists for MTV and the American Music Awards. Cole's Twitter account has over 2 million followers, having hit the one million followers mark on March 25, 2009. She was ranked #45 on the Celebuzz 2012 list of 101 Hot Bodies, as well as declared "Eye Candy" by XXL Mag and "Buzzworthy" by MTV. She has also been featured in MTV Style, Nylon Magazine, and Idolator.
Personal life.
Cole has studied voice, piano, and dance since the age of four, as well as earned a degree in theater at UCLA.
Sound.
Throughout her career, Cole's sound has been characterized by sassy lyrics, in genres ranging from dance-pop to experiments with dubstep, electronic, and reggae influences (as seen on her EP "The Prelude"). Her
2013 single "Found Better" was described by Nylon Magazine as sounding like "Gwen Stefani at her most reggae paired with major EDM beats".
Promotions.
Cole's performances had led her to soundtrack albums on Sony Pictures, including Brothers in Arms, and Maverick Records' Country General.
She has appeared in commercials for Mountain Dew, Rubbermaid, Sony, and Sketchers. 
Cole participated in a viral campaign for Alicia Keys' Keep a Child Alive charity to raise $1 million and awareness for the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Africa and India.
Songwriting.
Kimberly Cole has written and co-written all of her own material, as well as songs for a variety of other artists, including Inna ("Crazy Sexy Wild") and Chris Willis ("Faded"), as well as Linnea's hit "Dance Through Fire" which reached #30 on the Billboard charts.
Performances.
Cole has performed with Lenny Kravitz, Jessica Simpson, Will Smith, and Mýa, as well as opened for Katy Perry, LMFAO, Lupe Fiasco, Cobra Starship, and Shiny Toy Guns. She performed live at The Colony in Los Angeles as headliner of the Colony Royale New Year's Eve 2011 party.
In 2012, she hosted the live online pre-show for the 40th anniversary American Music Awards, as well as the weekly webseries "AMAs on Demand" alongside Lance Bass and Megan Turney.
She co-starred alongside Eliza Dushku playing the role of a background singer in the FOX TV series "Dollhouse", as well as contributing the title theme (which she wrote as well as performed) and two other songs for the episode "Stage Fright". She has also been featured as a celebrity guest judge on VH1's Saddle Ranch.
Cole collaborated with Australian rapper Iggy Azalea and Vampire Diaries star Kat Graham on a series for Style Haul called "FM", which she hosted. She described the project saying, "It's a mini-docuseries - reality but with music and a sneak peak of everything that goes on behind-the-scenes. And it's very cool to be able to share that because so far I feel like my fans really haven't gotten to see that side - and I'm not afraid to show that dirty, down to earth girl that I am when I'm in the studio."
Internet celebrity Nathan Barnatt auditioned for a role in her "U Make Me Wanna" music video. The resulting footage became a viral video. Barnatt also appears in the final cut, as Cole and her team reworked their original concept of the video to include his performance.

</doc>
<doc id="31069202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069202" title="Al Istiqlal District">
Al Istiqlal District

Al Istiqlal District is a district of the Baghdad Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069203" title="Al-Mada'in District">
Al-Mada'in District

Al-Mada'in District is a district of the Baghdad Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069207" title="Taji District">
Taji District

Taji District is a district of the Baghdad Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069209" title="Al Tarmia District">
Al Tarmia District

Al Tarmia District is a district of the Baghdad Governorate, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="31069233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069233" title="John Robinson (priest)">
John Robinson (priest)

The Very Reverend John Joseph Robinson, MA was Dean of Belfast in the first decades of the 20th century.
He was born in Dublin in 1852, educated at Trinity College, Dublin and ordained in 1875. His first post was in Stepney, London but he returned to Ireland in 1879 as curate of Saint Matthias’, Dublin. He was the incumbent at Killiskey and then Delgany. From 1900 to 1903 he was Treasurer of Christ Church Cathedral, Waterford when he became Vicar of Belfast and a year later Dean of the city’s cathedral. He resigned in 1911 and emigrated to Canada where he was Rector of Christ Church Alberta until his death in June 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="31069248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069248" title="Marcus Hardie">
Marcus Hardie

Marcus "Mark" Hardie is an American-Israeli attorney, author, and aspiring politician. Hardie, an African-American convert to Judaism, was raised by his father, mother, and grandmother in a neighborhood on the outskirts of Los Angeles. After graduating high school with honors, he began to look for another meaning in life, and gained an interest in Jewish tradition after he read the Biblical stories of the exodus from Egypt and the Diary of Anne Frank. While in college, he began talking to a rabbi, and announced that he planned to convert to Judaism. Hardie converted twice, first with Reform and finally with Orthodox rabbis in 1997. This conversion took place at the Rabbinical Court of Los Angeles under the auspices of Rabbi Avner Weiss. After finishing law school, Hardie worked as Senior Policy Advisor and Staff Attorney for California governor Pete Wilson. In 1999, Hardie moved to Israel, where he studied at a Jerusalem yeshiva (Hebrew academy) and interned for Ehud Olmert, then mayor of Jerusalem. In 2000, he enrolled in the Israel Defense Forces, and joined the elite Sayeret Golani Brigade. Hardie saw combat during the Battle of Jenin before being transferred to the army's legal department, but after six months, he decided to return to a combat position, and was transferred to the 7th Armored Brigade, where he drove and loaded Merkava tanks near Israel's northern border and manned checkpoints in the West Bank. Following his army service, Hardie moved to the Orthodox city of Bnei Brak, and found work as a bodyguard. He eventually moved back to the United States, but continued to study Judaism, and in 2011, Hardie announced that he would return to Israel within the next two years. Hardie has announced that he plans to get involved in politics, having joined the Likud party, and become the first African-American member of the Knesset. Mr. Hardie is also considering a political career in the United States. He wrote a book of his experiences, "Black & Bulletproof".

</doc>
<doc id="31069263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069263" title="Peter Mwanza">
Peter Mwanza

Professor Peter Nelson Mwanza (born May 1937) is a Malawian politician. He was appointed Minister of Lands, Housing and Urban Development in the government of President Bingu wa Mutharika of Malawi on 17 June 2009.
He was reassigned to become Minister of Agriculture and Food Security in a cabinet reshuffle on 9 August 2010.
Birth and education.
Peter N. Mwanza was born in May 1937 in Mzimba, Malawi, the youngest of a family of five.
He attended the University of London in the early 1960s, where he obtain a BSc degree in Biology.
He then held a position as a research scientist in Entomology with the Ministry of Agriculture in Malawi for one year.
He left this job after obtaining a Ford Foundation International Fellowship to pursue advanced studies in the United States, attending Ohio State University and earning Masters and PhD degrees in Microbiology.
Academic career.
Returning to Malawi in 1966, Mwanza became a lecturer at the newly established University of Malawi. 
He was eventually promoted to become the first Malawian Principal of Chancellor College. 
In this position, he integrated the Mpemba School of Administration and Law and the Soche Hill College of Education into Chancellor College, and arranged for the college to relocate from Blantyre to Zomba.
He was instrumental on the establishment of the National Research Council of Malawi in 1974.
In 1979, Mwanza joined the United Nations as Director of Natural Resources, Environment and Science and Technology Division of the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa.
Mwanza retired from the UN in 1996, and assisted in establishing Mzuzu University.
He was Chairman of the University Council, and later Vice Chancellor.
He also became Chairman of the Malawi Environmental and Endowment Trust, which he helped establish.
Political career.
Mzanza was elected to parliament as representative for Mzuzu-City.
In May 2009, he was selected by president Bingu wa Mutharika to become a cabinet Minister, expected to get the Education portfolio. 
However, he was given the ministry of Lands, Housing and Urban Development. 
In a cabinet shuffle of 9 August 2010 he was reassigned to become Minister of Agriculture and Food Security, a job previously held by the President.
Margaret Roka Mauwa continued in her role as Deputy Minister of the department.

</doc>
<doc id="31069305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069305" title="Old Man Murray">
Old Man Murray

Old Man Murray (aka OMM) is a UGO Networks computer game commentary and reviews site, known for its highly irreverent and satiric tone. It was written and edited by Chet Faliszek and Erik Wolpaw. Old Man Murray was critical of games that received strong reviews elsewhere, most notably the "King's Quest" series. Common targets of OMM news updates included John Romero and American McGee. Old Man Murray was a significant early influence in both the world of game development and Internet comedy, and is often considered to have "helped birth online games journalism".
Themes.
A major theme in Old Man Murray criticism was the accusation that many new games failed to add any original ideas to the medium. Gabe Newell cited the opinion of Old Man Murray as a factor when designing the popular and iconoclastic "Half-Life". Old Man Murray often took aim at the conventions embedded within game genres.
Two of the site's attacks on stale game conventions have received particular attention from game developers and journalists. One was the April 2000 "Crate Review System" essay, which facetiously introduced the "Start to Crate" metric as an "objective" measure of the overall quality of a videogame. The Start to Crate was the number of seconds from the start of a game until the player first encountered a crate or barrel. By 2000 crates and barrels were a commonplace of video game map design; according to the essay, the first crate "represents the point where the developers ran out of ideas" This essay has had a significant impact in future game design, in part for pointing out "a good gauge to determine just how creative your game is", and driving designers to a point where games are "at the stage where warehouse based level design is not "de rigueur"". Gabe Newell, CEO of Valve Corporation mentions that there was such a worry about the crate cliché that eventually the team gave up and made a crate one of the first things the player sees and manipulates, figuring that this "was the Old Man Murray equivalent of throwing yourself to the mercy of the court". LightBox Interactive's Matthew Breit considered the "Start to Crate Time" system the "first actual critical look at a level design trend", making him self-conscious of the off-handed use of crates in his level designs to fill an otherwise empty room. Ernest Adams of Gamasutra cites Old Man Murray as being the original source of the sixth condition of "twinkie denial" named in the article: "I can't claim crates without pallets as an original Twinkie Denial Condition because the Old Man Murray guys thought of it first...". A decade after the original "Start to Crate" article, it can still be found as a tongue-in-cheek metric for game quality.
Another essay, "The Death of Adventure Games", mocked the elaborate and contrived puzzles that adventure games of the time used to confound the player. Wolpaw uses an example from : the game requires the player to fashion a false mustache from hair collected from a cat by means of sticky tape and to attach it to his lip with maple syrup- all to impersonate a man who himself has no mustache. The essay and its examples have been highlighted in analyses of the failing adventure game genre in the early 2000s.
Other features of Old Man Murray included web browser games such as "Alien vs. Child Predator" and "Virtua Seaman" as well as serious interviews with leading game developers. The Old Man Murray forums were a hotbed of discussion on games and other topics. When updates began to slow on the main website the forums remained active. When Faliszek removed the forums, many of the regular posters migrated to a new site called Caltrops.
The Old Man Murray website is still up , but for archival purposes only; the site is no longer updated. Faliszek continued to run Portal of Evil and its affiliate website system until February 6, 2011.
Legacy.
Though the site has been defunct for several years, many leaders in the video game industry consider the site fundamental to both game design and video game journalism today. Gabe Newell, the CEO of Valve Corporation, likened the site to "the Velvet Underground of post-print journalism". Bryan Lee O'Malley, creator of the "Scott Pilgrim" series, attributes his inspiration and success of the series on the Old Man Murray's comedic treatment of video games. Both Mike Wilson of Gathering of Developers and Roman Ribaric of Croteam believed that without the strong interest from Old Man Murray toward the "Serious Sam" demo, ultimately leading to the founding of Croteam, the game "would likely have died in the hands of whatever internal team the property was handed to". Popular video game critic and satirist Ben "Yahtzee" Croshaw cites Old Man Murray as a major influence for his style of highly nitpicky writing and humor and has consistently praised games that Faliszek and Wolpaw worked on.
Eric Church of Electronic Arts also called these criticisms "satire at its most effective", as it spurred "serious thought and discussions about the assumptions of game design". Dean O'Donnell, a professor at Worcester Polytechnic Institute's Interactive Media and Game Design school, includes the "Death of Adventure Games" as required reading in the student courses, considered it both a strong example of game journalism and game design considerations. Kieron Gillen, former deputy editor at "PC Gamer", praised Old Man Murray for taking advantage of the then-nascent Internet culture in their writing and presentation, and attested that "they had a genuine impact in how people thought about games". It has also been cited as being "among the most respected commentators and journalists."
In March 2006, Wolpaw won a Game Developers Choice Award for Best Writing for co-writing "Psychonauts", an award he shared with Double Fine studio head and "Psychonauts" co-writer Tim Schafer. Schafer referenced Wolpaw's work with Old Man Murray on the official Double Fine blog, as a way of drumming up attention for the game.
Faliszek and Wolpaw were hired as writers for video game developer Valve in 2005. Faliszek has spoken numerous times to his work as a designer for "Left 4 Dead", while Wolpaw has done the same for both "Portal" and "Portal 2" The connection between the quality of writing in these games and the authors' previous work on Old Man Murray has also been noted by various reviewers. In May 2009, Wolpaw introduced Everyday Shooter creator Jonathan Mak to the concept of internal team conflicts in video game development.

</doc>
<doc id="31069356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069356" title="Naval Fleet Auxiliary Force">
Naval Fleet Auxiliary Force

The Naval Fleet Auxiliary Force is a division of the US Navy. The 42 ships of the Military Sealift Command's Naval Fleet Auxiliary Force are the supply lines to U.S. Navy ships at sea. These ships provide virtually everything that Navy ships need, including fuel, food, ordnance, spare parts, mail and other supplies. NFAF ships enable the Navy fleet to remain at sea, on station and combat ready for extended periods of time. NFAF ships also conduct towing, rescue and salvage operations or serve as floating medical facilities. All NFAF ships are government owned and crewed by civil service mariners. Some of the ships also have a small contingent of Navy personnel aboard for operations support, supply coordination and helicopter operations.
Fleet Replenishment Oilers.
Fifteen fleet replenishment oilers, the largest subset of Naval Fleet Auxiliary Force ships, provide fuel to deployed Navy ships at sea, as well as to their assigned aircraft. Oilers and the ships they refuel sail side by side as fuel hoses are extended across guide wires. Underway replenishment of fuel dramatically extends the time a Navy battle group can remain at sea. The fifteen ships of the oiler fleet are as follows:
Ammunition Ships.
Ammunition ships supply ordnance to Navy combatants at sea, providing service through a combination of alongside transfers and vertical replenishment lifts via helicopter. The ammunition ships of the Auxiliary Fleet are:
Fast Combat Support Ships.
MSC's four fast combat support ships provide one-stop shopping to the fleet for fuel, ammunition, food and other cargo. These ships are especially valuable because of their speed and ability to carry all the essentials to replenish Navy ships at sea. MSC's fast combat support ships, formerly sailor-operated, transferred to MSC for civil service crewing beginning in 2001. 
Dry Cargo/Ammunition Ships.
The fourteen Military Sealift Command "Lewis and Clark" dry cargo/ammunition ships are a new class of ships dedicated to the Naval Fleet Auxiliary Force. These ships are able to deliver ammunition, provisions, stores, spare parts, potable water and petroleum products to the Navy's carrier strike groups and other naval forces worldwide. Designed to operate for extended periods at sea, the "Lewis and Clark"-class ships have improved cargo handling equipment that increases efficiency and makes the ships more cost effective to operate and maintain. All the "Lewis and Clark"-class ships are named after great American pioneers. These ships are listed as follows:
Fleet Ocean Tugs.
The Military Sealift Command's fleet ocean tugs provide the Navy fleet with towing service and can tow Navy vessels as large as battleships. When augmented by Navy divers, fleet ocean tugs assist in the recovery of downed ships and aircraft. In addition, when carrying specialized equipment, the fleet ocean tugs can also perform submarine rescue operations. The Auxiliary fleet's tugs are:
Rescue and Salvage Ships.
The MSC's four rescue and salvage ships recover objects from the sea, tow or debeach stranded vessels and provide firefighting assistance. These ships, like fleet ocean tugs, are able to lift objects as heavy as downed ships and aircraft. The key advantage of these ships is their ability to rapidly deploy divers to conduct rescue and salvage operations. They are identified as follows:
Hospital Ships.
MSC's Naval Fleet Auxiliary Force operates the Navy's two hospital ships each containing 12 operating rooms and up to 1,000 beds. The ships are normally kept pierside in reduced operating status, each with a small contingent of MSC civil service mariners and Navy hospital personnel aboard to ensure the ships are ready should they be needed. When called into action, they can get underway in five days with an expanded crew of more than 60 civil service mariners and an expanded medical staff of up to approximately 1,200 military medical personnel. The Auxiliary Fleet's hospital ships are the:

</doc>
<doc id="31069361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069361" title="Cayden Boyd">
Cayden Boyd

Cayden Michael Boyd (born May 24, 1994) is an American teen actor. He is best known for his main character role as Max in the Robert Rodriguez's film "The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D".
Life.
Boyd was born in Bedford, Texas but has relocated to Los Angeles with his parents and older sister, actress Jenna Boyd. He plays violin and cello, is on a football team. He is also a proud Christian.
Boyd landed his first roles, small television roles and commercials, as young as 6 and 7. He played Tim Robbins's son in "Mystic River". In 2005, he played Max in "The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D". Most recently, he played young Warren Worthington III in "", and he had a starring role in "Have Dreams, Will Travel" (2007).
He appeared on episodes of such television series as "Crossing Jordan", "Cold Case", "Close to Home" and "Scrubs". In 2008, he appeared alongside Julia Roberts and Willem Dafoe in "Fireflies in the Garden".

</doc>
<doc id="31069386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069386" title="Bon Appétit (film)">
Bon Appétit (film)

Bon Appétit is a 2010 romantic drama film directed by David Pinillos and written by Juan Carlos Rubio, David Pinillos and Paco Cabezas. The story is based on a young Spanish chef working at a prestigious restaurant in Zurich, Switzerland. He falls in love with a work-partner but she is in love with their boss. Unax Ugalde and Nora Tschirner are starring the film.
Plot.
Daniel (Unax Ugalde) is a young and ambitious Spanish chef who just realized his dream: working at a famous restaurant managed by star chef Thomas Wackerle (Herbert Knaup). Due to his extraordinary talent, Daniel soon progresses in Wackerle's demanding kitchen. He is attracted to Hanna (Nora Tschirner), the attractive sommelier of the restaurant. 
One evening, Daniel and Hanna are walking in the city, talking about life, love, and relationships. Daniel expresses his opinion that love isn't at all like a romantic movie. After saying this, Hanna kisses Daniel. This unexpected situation provides a turning point in Daniel's tidy and organized life. He faces a difficult question: Is it worth risking your professional career for love?
"Bon Appétit" is a film telling the story of friends who dare to cross the thin line dividing friendship and romantic love. The film talks about conventional people and includes scenes shot in some of the most picturesque places of Zurich, Switzerland.
Production.
"Bon Appétit" is the first film who David Pinillos realizes. Pedro Uriol, the producer, said that he and Pinillos are very long friends and they meet them-selves since many years. Uriol saw many good quailities in Pinillos. Nowadays, Pinillos was only editing worker but Pinillos has many experiences in cinema and he had the two most imporante qualities for a director: sensitivity and technique according to Uriol. The screenplay was written by David Pinillos, Juan Carlos Rubio and Paco Cabezas.
Pinillos had worked with important directors like editing worker like Álex de la Iglesia or Daniel Sánchez Arévalo and he knew many cinema genders like comedy or drama. Pinillos wanted to tell a story about that "thin red line" that divides love and friendship and everybody have crossed some times and that event gets complicated and changes the life. Both Pinillos and Uriol want a character who goes to another country because that implies to start again because, according to Pinillos and Uriol, it's so curious like a person to open one's heart to foreign people is easier like family or friends. Pinillos said that "Bon Appétit" is inspired in American film "Before Sunrise" by Richard Linklater and the French film "L'Auberge espagnole" by Cédric Klapisch.
Morena Films, the studio, is got used to work in European spheres and the producer likes to work with international co-producers. "Bon Appétit" found other studios for European market: Morena Films from Spain, Zodiac Pictures from Switzerland and Egoli Tossell from Germany.
Thanks for studis and other producer companies like Beta Films (distributor of "The Lives of Others"), Pixstar, Italian producer and television and European financing programmes by EURIMAGES and MEDIA was possible to realise "Bon Appétit" in Spanish, Swiss and German cinemas with a 2.8 million euros in budget. In Spain, channel television implied were ETB and TVE.
Like there are actors from many European countries, the film was shot in English although there are parts in Spanish, French and German languages.
Critical reaction and Distribution.
"Bon Appétit" has positive reviews in Spain, Switzerland and also Germany. The film had its premiere at the Malaga Film Festival in April 2010 with a positive reaction from the Spanish critics. At the festival Unax Ugalde won the award for Best Actor in a Leading Role. In October, the film was in the Valladolid Film Festival. In cinema magazines, "Bon Appétit" has 7,3/10 with a good results. In addition, "Bon Appétit" won Goya Award for Best New Director for David Pinillos.
The film had premieres in another festival like Rio de Janeiro International Film Festival with positive reviews and it received critical acclaim. In France was in Toulouse Cinespaña fête du cinéma and in United States was premiere in Stony Brooks Film Festival.
"Bon Appétit" was released in Spain on 12 November 2010. In Germany and Switzerland was released 25 November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31069387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069387" title="Navarathri (1964 film)">
Navarathri (1964 film)

Navarathri ("Nine Nights") is a 1964 Tamil Drama film by A.P. Nagarajan. The film is well known for starring Sivaji Ganesan in nine distinct roles getting connected in nine nights within the film, thus the title. The record of playing most number of roles in one Tamil film was long held by Sivaji Ganesan until 2008 when it was broken by Kamal Hassan in Dasavathaaram. In 1966, the film was remade in Telugu with the same title.
Plot.
The film opens with the narrator explaining that there are nine types of human behaviors (Navarasam) such as Wonder (அற்புதம்), Fear (பயம்), Compassion (கருணை), Anger (கோபம்), Equanimity (சாந்தம்), Disgust (அருவருப்பு), Elegance (சிங்காரம்), Bravery (வீரம்) and Bliss (ஆனந்தம்) and that Sivaji Ganesan's nine roles represents one character per role.
Nalina (Savitri) is the only daughter of a rich man. When she happily celebrates Navaratri festival at her home with her friends her father informs about the visit of a groom and his parents for her wedding. Nalina is reluctant to the proposal as she wants to marry her college mate Anand. After arguments with her father, she leaves away from home without her father's knowledge at the first Navaratri night.
First Night (Wonder): She searches for her lover in the college hostel but finds that he has gone to get married. Nalina felts cheated by Anand and attempts for suicide where she is stopped by a widower Arputharaj (Sivaji Ganesan). He takes her to his house and introduces her to his daughter. He urges her to tell her address to drop her safely. Unwilling to return home she leaves the place the next early morning.
Second Night (Fear): The next day she damages the vegetables of a vendor. When vendor fights with her she was rescued by a homely looking woman. The woman takes Nalina to her home. Nalina meets several women in her house. But the house is actually a brothel house. She is trapped to a drunkard (Sivaji Ganesan). The drunkard justifies that he cannot seduce his own wife as she is a T.B patient. Though he does not want to betray his wife, he is not able to resist his feelings. Nalina advises and warns him in order to escape from him but he does not want to hear. After much struggle the drunkard falls into the floor and faints. Nalina escapes from the place.
Third night (Compassion): After escaping from the brothel house, Nalina is caught by a patrol police for wandering into the road at unusual time. At police station she pretends to be a mentally ill woman. The police admits her at a mental hospital. The old aged lonely doctor Karunaagaran (Sivaji Ganesan) understands that Nalina is fine but pretends to escape from cops and so he helps her. She stays in the hospital the whole night. Doctor finds a newspaper with the photograph of hers the next morning. But Nalina escapes, while the doctor is still looking at the newspaper.
Fourth Night (Anger): Nalina misunderstands the police jeep is coming for her. She dashes with a man with a gun (Sivaji Ganesan) and faints. The man takes her to his place. Nalina understands police is not looking for her but looking for the man as he is a killer who killed a rich businessman as a revenge for his brother's death. The gun man insists Nalina to leave. But she doesn't as she feels he is a good person and convinces him to surrender to police. In an attack the gunman is killed by the businessman's henchmen. Nalina escapes from the place.
Fifth night (Equanimity): Fed up by the life Nalina runs into a track for attempting suicide. An innocent villager (Sivaji Ganesan), looks at her and rushes to the track to save her and succeeds. He takes to his house and introduces to his elder sister. A local priest (Nagesh) visits their home and tells that Nalina is possessed by a spirit in order to cheat for money by performing some fake rituals. Nalina gets irritated by their acts and escapes away that night.
Sixth Night (Disgust): Nalina meets an old aged leper (Sivaji Ganesan), who once upon a time was a rich man. The man lost all his money in the treatment and charity (hoping that will help him from disease). He is disgusted by everyone including his own son who discarded him when his money ran out. Nalina helps him by taking him to a hospital. The doctor is surprised as he is one of the beneficiers who was benefitted with medicine degree by charity of the rich man. The doctor decides to stay with him until he is cured. Nalina leaves the hospital.
Seventh Night (Elegance): Nalina feels very tired and asks for water from one of the houses. People offer water for her. One of the men "Sathyavaan Singaaram" (Sivaji Ganesan), is a director and actor of stage plays and road side plays. They have been committed for nine stage plays in the village on the account of Navaratri celebration. But the heroine falls sick and his whole troop are in critical position in search of a replacement for the seventh day play failing on which will make them to lose their money and reputation in the village. He asks Nalina to help by acting with him for the day's play. Nalina agrees on a condition that she should be let gone after the play is over. The play is successful that night. The agent tries to misbehave with Nalina and the actor pulls him from it and warns him. But finds Nalina has left.
Eight Night (Bravery): Nalina disguises as a man and visits a house of a hunter Veerapan (Sivaji Ganesan). The hunter has been there for hunting a man-eater and for another purpose. Nalina introduces herself a Nathan a secret agent in search of a criminal. The hunter seems to believe her and gives a her an earnest welcome, feast and hospitality. Nalina finds that the hunter is actually a commissioner of police stayed in search of a criminal which actually faked by Nalina. She tries to escape from the place but she is caught by the hunter.
The hunter introduces himself as the paternal uncle of the groom whom her father proposed for her and the groom is none other than her lover - Anand. Nalina has actually left her home before her father knew that she is in love with a person and the lover is the same man he has arranged for his daughter. Also Nalina misunderstands that Anand actually is going to marry another girl but the girl is actually herself. Nalina leaves for the Anand's place the ninth day.
Ninth Day (Bliss): Anand (Sivaji Ganesan), looks pale and dull after Nalina left her home. He is neither interested to live usually nor to continue with his studies. His parents are worried and scolds him for wasting his life for a girl after all. Angered by this he shuts himself into a room. Nalina reaches his home that time. Anand's parents and Nalina fears that he is attempting suicide. But suddenly the room opens and Nalina runs inside.
Anand actually wanted to surprise Nalina about their marriage and that is why he did not inform her about the engagement. Due to miscommunication Nalina left home on the first Navatri Night and comes back on ninth Navaratri night.
Anand and Nalina happily marry. Except the dead gun man, her marriage is attended by the all the people she met during those eight days.

</doc>
<doc id="31069405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069405" title="Boynitsa Municipality">
Boynitsa Municipality

Boynitsa Municipality () is a small frontier municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain about 20 km southwest of Danube river. It is named after its administrative centre - the village of Boynitsa. The area borders on the Republic of Serbia to the west and northwest.
The municipality embraces a territory of 166 km² with a population of 1,717 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
Settlements.
Boynitsa Municipality includes the following 8 places all of them villages: 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="31069413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069413" title="Roger Bolingbroke">
Roger Bolingbroke

Roger Bolingbroke (died 18 November 1441) was a 15th-century English cleric, astronomer, astrologer, magister and alleged necromancer. He flourished in the first half of the 15th century. He was tried, convicted and executed for treasonable witchcraft on the person of Henry VI of England.
Bolingbroke was a person of great intelligence and learning. He was part of the household of Humphrey of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Gloucester, and was the personal clerk to Eleanor Cobham, the Duke's wife.
Conspiracy.
Bolingbroke was the best known of the three scholars implicated in the "conspiracy" to bring about the death of King Henry. He was described as a ‘gret and konnyng man in astronomye’ and ‘renowned in all the world’,
In October 1440 he and Thomas Southwell produced a horoscope for Eleanor Cobham which predicted the death of King Henry, an event, which, if it were to have happened, would have meant the Duke would have become King and Eleanor his Queen.
Naturally, when the King was acquainted with this prediction he was not best pleased. The Kings Council
charged Bolingbroke and Southwell, and another - John Home (or Hum), with conspiring to kill the King with necromancy.
In addition to these scholars, a woman known as Margery Jourdemayne was also implicated. Jourdemayne was known as "The Witch of Eye" and was engaged in the conspiracy to provide spells and potions. She and Bolingbroke were the only two to be executed for their parts in the affair.
Charges.
On 23 July 1441 Bolingbroke was brought before the Church authorities, and at St. Paul's Cross, London, he made a very public confession that his actions were not compatible with Christianity and he foreswore his diabolic activities.
Around this time Bolingbroke also appeared before the Kings Council and was accused of treason as well as sorcery. At this point he accused his mistress, Eleanor Cobham, as having directed his actions.
On 18 November of that year, Bolingbroke was brought from the Tower to the London Guildhall. The King's Commissioners found him guilty of various treasonable crimes. He was duly dragged on a hurdle that same day to Tyburn, where he was hanged, drawn and quartered. His head was displayed on London Bridge and his quartered body was distributed around the country.
In literature.
Bolingbroke appears in Shakespeare's Henry VI, Part 2 as a conjurer.

</doc>
<doc id="31069467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069467" title="La Rochelle Girls' High School">
La Rochelle Girls' High School

La Rochelle Girls' High School, () in Paarl is one of the oldest girls' schools in South Africa. 
History.
The school was established in 1860 with 40 girls together with a seminary for young ladies open to the daughters of citizens and farmers in the Paarl district. In 1872, Jan de Villiers (Jan Orrelis) became head of the school, which he renamed Paarl Meisieseminarium. He held the post until his retirement in 1890. Andrew Murray, a strong supporter of Afrikaans as a medium of instruction merged the Ladies' Seminary with the Huguenot Seminary he had founded in Wellington. An American, Virginia Lee Pryde, was appointed to the school administration and under her leadership the enrollment increased from 80 to 240 in 1899. Martha Helena Cillié, who had been acting head during 1894, was appointed head in 1899, and remained in that post until 1921. In 1913, the school was separated from the Huguenot High School, essentially an extension of Murray's Huguenot College in Wellington, and was given its current name. In 1914, two of the school's teachers were killed in one of the first fatal car accidents in Paarl. During the 1960s, approximately 400 people were forcibly evicted from their land in order to provide the school with about two hectares to be used as hockey fields. In 2009 enrollment had increased to 537.
Location.
The high school is located at a site in Faure Street in the centre of Paarl.
Curriculum.
The school is dual medium with an almost equal split between English and Afrikaans. Although school fees in 2007 were R9,830, cheaper than many other state schools, the school has kept a wide choice of subjects, for example, two third languages, namely German (one of only 28 schools in the Western Cape) and French (one of only 27). However, Latin is no longer offered, but a bible in Latin from 1762 is on display in the visitors' room of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="31069470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069470" title="Malcolm MacVicar">
Malcolm MacVicar

Malcolm MacVicar (September 30, 1829 – May 18, 1904), later called Malcolm MacVicar, Sr to distinguish him from his grandson of the same name, was a prominent American educator active during the latter half of the 19th century.
Early years.
Born in Dunglass, Argylshire, Scotland, MacVicar's parents emigrated to Canada when he was young. He served for a time as a ship's carpenter in Cleveland, Ohio, before becoming a Baptist minister and eventually attending the University of Rochester, from which he graduated in 1859. After graduation he was hired as a teacher of math and natural science at Brockport Collegiate Institute, now the State University of New York at Brockport.
University leader.
After teaching there for four years, MacVicar became the principal of Brockport Collegiate Institute (now SUNY Brockport), remaining there from 1863 to 1867. During this time, he oversaw the transition to Brockport State Normal School, one of four normal schools in New York. MacVicar Hall is named for him.
In 1868, he left Brockport to become the superintendent of Leavenworth Public Schools in Leavenworth, Kansas, a position which he held for one year. He then returned to New York to be the principal of Potsdam State Normal School (now SUNY Potsdam) from 1869-1879. In 1880, he served as the principal of Michigan State Normal School (now Eastern Michigan University).
In 1881 he was appointed "professor of Apologetics and Biblical Interpretation" at Toronto Baptist College, and was a leader in the movement for the school to merge with Woodstock College, which it did in 1887. MacVicar then served as the first chancellor of the newly formed McMaster University, leading the school from 1888 until 1890.
MacVicar left McMaster to become the superintendent of education for the American Baptist Home Mission Society, which founded a number of historically black colleges and universities. MacVicar said that "it is one thing to give young men and women such industrial training as will fit them to earn successfully a good livelihood; and yet quite another thing to imbue them with a missionary spirit, and fit them to be instructors and leaders of others. The latter . . . should be the chief, if not the only, work of the Home Mission Schools." Under MacVicar's leadership, the Society founded Virginia Union University in Richmond, Virginia, and from the school's founding in 1899 until his death in 1904, MacVicar was the first president. MacVicar Hall, a women's residence hall, is named for him.
MacVicar Hospital, at Spelman College, is also named for him, owing to his involvement with the American Baptist Home Mission Society.
Inventor.
MacVicar invented and sold a teaching tool, called the "MacVicar Tellurian Globe".
Author.
During the course of his career as an educator and an administrator, MacVicar found the time to write a number of books relating to education. These included "A Complete Arithmetic" (1876), "An Elementary Arithmetic" (1877), "Hand-book of the MacVicar Tellurian Globe" (1878), "Teachers' Manual of Elementary Arithmetic" (1880), and "Principles of Education" (1892). "A Complete Arithmetic" and "Principles of Education" remain in print as of 2011.
"The Journal of Education" reviewed "Principles" in 1893, saying, " has endeavored—with, on the whole, considerable success—to state briefly, but clearly and suggestively, the leading propositions concerning the nature and processes of education, leading up, finally, to the training necessary for one who is to become a teacher. . . Altogether, we like this little book, and are glad to have it."

</doc>
<doc id="31069487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069487" title="Marshmellow Playground">
Marshmellow Playground

Marshmellow Playground is a children's album by the American rapper mc chris. It became available for preorder February 15, 2011, and was officially released on March 4, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31069507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069507" title="Utility bill audit">
Utility bill audit

A utility bill audit is the review of an organization's utility invoices in order to find billing errors and to evaluate rate plans and make suggestions for further savings. This is separate from an energy audit which seeks to minimize energy spending through increased efficiencies. The audit may be performed by an internal department or by an external contractor. Reasons for choosing a contractor include:
Very large multinational companies may benefit from an in-house auditor depending on the number of utility providers, number of accounts with providers, and total utility spend.

</doc>
<doc id="31069541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069541" title="Loxosceles deserta">
Loxosceles deserta

Loxosceles deserta, commonly known as the desert recluse, is a brown spider of the Sicariidae family.
The desert recluse is commonly misidentified as "L. unicolor" (of South America) or as "L. reclusa" (the brown recluse of the southern and midwestern states), two spiders which do not live anywhere near the vicinity. 
Distribution.
This spider can be found in the eastern half of southern California, the southern tip of Nevada, and the western half of Arizona, as well as the southwestern corner of Utah.
It dwells in the wild, and its only domestic occurrence is that near native vegetation, avoiding urban areas in the desert and even green lawns. The spiders are particularly dense in packrat dens. 
Venom.
Lesions of the skin can be caused by the venomous bite of the desert recluse. This occurs through the same mechanism responsible for the effects of the brown recluse bite.

</doc>
<doc id="31069554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069554" title="Clayton County Courthouse">
Clayton County Courthouse

The Clayton County Courthouse, located in Elkader, Iowa, United States, was built in 1878. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The county seat in Clayton County moved several times between 1840 and 1876. It was located first in Prairie La Porte, then Jacksonville, which was followed by Garnavillo, Elkader and Guttenberg. Eventually Elkader won the right to be the county seat. The first courthouse for the county was built in Garnavillo and it was sold in 1866 to raise money for a new courthouse in Elkader. The board of supervisors was only willing to spend $2,000 a year to build the new structure. Because there was yet another contest in the works to consider the location of the county seat, the county and the town of Elkader came up with $10,000 to build the new courthouse. It is an Italianate style structure that was designed by O.F. Davis. The building was constructed in red brick, and the clock tower was added at a later date. The Civil War Monument was added to the grounds in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="31069580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069580" title="Yūki Harutomo">
Yūki Harutomo


</doc>
<doc id="31069601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069601" title="The Vale of Rest">
The Vale of Rest

The Vale of Rest (1858-9) is a painting by John Everett Millais.
The painting is of a graveyard, as night is coming on. Beyond the graveyard wall there's a low chapel with a bell. In the foreground of the scene, there are two nuns - the heads of the two nuns are level and symmetrical. They are Roman Catholic nuns, one of the nuns holds a rosary, and one of the nuns is digging a grave. Her forearm and body strain under the weight of a shovelful. The other, overseeing the work, turns with a look of apprehension, anguish.
Art critic, Tom Lubbock : " Graves. Dusk. A walled enclosure. The spooky, looming trees. Nuns. Catholics (in England then, still an object of suspicion). Sexual segregation. Religiosity. Mistress and servant, a power relationship, maybe some deeper emotional bondage. Female labour. Something being buried or exhumed. Twin wreaths. The deep dark earth. Corpses, secrets, conspiracy, fear. It's a picture that pulls out all the stops."
The painting is one of those satirised in Florence Claxton's watercolour "The Choice of Paris - an idyll" (1860). Claxton criticized " the perceived ugliness of early pre-Raphaelite paintings by exaggerating details from many of their works, including "The Vale of Rest", "Claudio and Isabella", and , lying in the grass, Alice Gray from "Spring" " 

</doc>
<doc id="31069607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069607" title="Reality simulations">
Reality simulations

Reality Simulations Incorporated (RSI) is a Tempe, Arizona game company that publishes and runs Play-by-mail games.
Founded by Paul W. Brown III and Charles Kraver in 1984 the company runs several commercial play-by-mail (PBM) games, including Duel2 (formerly known as Duelmasters, prior to May 1, 2004 [http://www.reality.com/duel2/), Hyborian War, and Forgotten Realms: War of the Avatars. The company previously ran a PBM game titled The Next Empire, initially published by Cyborg Games and Alamaze initially published by Pegasus Productions.
External links.
Terrablood's PBM Archives Info and data for fans of the play-by-mail games Duel II, Forgotten Realms, and Hyborian War from Reality Simulations, Inc
Road of Kings: A Hyborian War Players Forum Coordinates with Reality Simulations in setting up Organized Games

</doc>
<doc id="31069634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069634" title="Untitled (Shapiro)">
Untitled (Shapiro)

Untitled, 1989, is a bronze abstract sculpture by Joel Shapiro.
Constructed in 1989, it is located at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="31069686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069686" title="1970 Stockholm Open – Doubles">
1970 Stockholm Open – Doubles

The 1970 Stockholm Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts and part of the 1970 Pepsi-Cola Grand Prix and took place in Stockholm, Sweden. The tournament was held from November 1 through November 7, 1970. Arthur Ashe and Stan Smith won in the final by defeating Bob Carmichael and Owen Davidson, 6–0, 5–7, 7–5.

</doc>
<doc id="31069689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069689" title="Persistent homology">
Persistent homology

"See homology for an introduction to the notation."
Persistent homology is a method for computing topological features of a space at different spatial resolutions. More persistent features are detected over a wide range of length and are deemed more likely to represent true features of the underlying space, rather than artifacts of sampling, noise, or particular choice of parameters. 
To find the persistent homology of a space, the space must first be represented as a simplicial complex. A distance function on the underlying space corresponds to a filtration of the simplicial complex, that is a nested sequence of increasing subsets. 
Formally, consider a real-valued function on a simplicial complex formula_1 that is non-decreasing on increasing sequences of faces, so formula_2 whenever formula_3 is a face of formula_4 in formula_5. Then for every formula_6 the sublevel set formula_7 is a subcomplex of K, and the ordering of the values of formula_8 on the simplices in formula_5 (which is in practice always finite) induces an ordering on the sublevel complexes that defines the filtration
When formula_11, the inclusion formula_12 induces a homomorphism formula_13 on the simplicial homology groups for each dimension formula_14. The formula_15 persistent homology groups are the images of these homomorphisms, and the formula_15 persistent Betti numbers formula_17 are the ranks of those groups.
There are various software packages for computing persistence intervals of a finite filtration, such as javaPlex, Dionysus, Perseus, PHAT, and the phom R package.

</doc>
<doc id="31069697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069697" title="Mike P. Taylor">
Mike P. Taylor

Mike Taylor (born March 12, 1968) is a British computer programmer with a Ph.D in palaeontology. To date, he has published 18 paleontological papers and is co-credited with naming two genus of dinosaur ("Xenoposeidon" in 2007 with Darren Naish, and "Brontomerus" in 2011).
Along with paleontologists Darren Naish and Matt Wedel, he founded the paleontology blog "Sauropod Vertebrae Picture of the Week".
He lives in Ruardean, Gloucestershire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="31069756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069756" title="Las Flores (archaeological site)">
Las Flores (archaeological site)

Las Flores is an archaeological site in the city of Tampico, Tamaulipas in Mexico.
Background.
According to paleontological and archaeological records, the earliest settlements in Tamaulipas are dated to twelve thousand years before the Christian era, and are identified in the so-called "complex Devil", in allusion to a Canyon of the Sierra of Tamaulipas. Later, at the Tropic of cancer level, are the first manifestations of native civilization, linked to the discovery and domestication of corn and thus to the beginning of agricultural life and the grouping of permanent settlements. As a result, in this period began to appear manifestations of Mesoamerican cultures in this region.
Before the arrival of the Spanish invaders, the Tamaulipas territory was occupied by various ethnic groups, one of them were the Wastek s. Américo Vespucio, famous Italian cartographer aftero whom the American continent was named, visited the Tamaulipas territory at the end of the 16th century and in his correspondence with Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco mentioned that the natives called the territory "lariab". During colonial times was known by other names: "Kingdom Guasteca, province of Amichel and Earth Garayana, Pánuco province, Comarca of Paul, Alifau and Ocinan, Magdalena Medanos and "New Santander". The current name comes from the founding "Tamaholipa" by Fray Andrés de Olmos in 1544.
In Tamaulipas, the Huastecs settled primarily along the lower basin of the Guayalejo River-Tamesí and in mountain valleys of Tanguanchín (Ocampo) and Tammapul (Tula). Politically they did not seem to constitute a State, but rather a series of Lordships. They were skilled craftsmen and possessed a complex religious cosmogony, insomuch that in the Huasteca emerged the concept of the Quetzalcoatl deity. As a culture located in a peripheral area of nuclear Mesoamerica, they held a long autonomy until in the late postclassical period the Mexicas subjected them to their domain to a portion of the Huasteca.
Other Huastec settlements with a great constructive work, are evident in the Balcón de Montezuma, an archaeological site located in the vicinity of the present capital of the State.
The Huastec culture large geographical development above is evident by the many sites scattered throughout the almost impenetrable mountains, as it is the case of the Sabinito, an interesting site currently in research, which speaks of an organized society of Mesoamerican type. However, there is evidence that during the postclassical period this cultural model was depleted, leaving the sierra inhabited by various groups of farmers, but of a lesser civilization level.
Cultural development.
In the Tamaulipas sierras, three mesoamerican related archaeological phases are present; Laguna, Eslabones and Salta, covering a chronological period from 650 BCE to 1000 CE.
It had an initial cultural Pantheon defined by a constant evolution and the emergence of scattered villages between the sierra that concentrated up to 400 homes located around squares and platforms; and small circular base structures. But it was around 500 CE when this culture reached its peak, to expand urban concentrations up to a thousand houses, which formed villages in the peaks of the hills, with a central core of small pyramids. Simple urban planning suggests the existence of a possibly theocratic and centralized government, and pottery indicate trade with the nuclear area of Mesoamerica.
Not far from this site is another well-known archaeological site named Tancol, located inside a nearby private school, the main structure is 5 meter high.
Other findings.
Ceramics were found with site typical geometric motifs and also two couple burials, that is to say, man and woman skeletons, together, accompanied by remains of what specialists believe are “guajolotes” (turkey), an animal that, just as the dog, aided the deceased in their way to the underworld.

</doc>
<doc id="31069815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069815" title="Horst Warschnauer">
Horst Warschnauer

Horst Warschnauer (28 December 1919 – 26 December 1948) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht (the German army) during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Horst Warschauer was captured by British forces at the end of the war and was held until 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="31069839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069839" title="Gender identities in Thailand">
Gender identities in Thailand

Within Thailand one can find several different gender roles, identities and diverse visual markers of masculinity and femininity. The demand for positive self-identity is growing in Thailand and their communities are strengthening.
The Tom-Dee identity.
Tom identity.
A Tom is a female who dresses, acts, and possibly speaks in a masculine fashion. She may not actually be a lesbian, but she may be perceived as one by others. Toms wear their hair short, a deviation from traditional Thai culture which prizes long hair as a sign of feminine beauty. Women usually wear skirts in Thailand, and in many government offices skirts are compulsory and pants suits banned. Toms dress in men's clothing - slacks, sandals, and a loose fitting button-down shirt. A Tom will use male speech terms, especially the old, now-crude pronouns goo and mueng.
Dee identity.
The Dee is a homosexual (or bisexual) female who follows outward Thai gender norms. A Dee will look, act, and speak in a manner conducive to typical Thai female gender norms. The only differentiation between Dee and “traditional females” is that Dee engage in relationships with Tom.
Tom-Dee within society.
Heterosexual public displays of affection are frowned upon within Thai culture. However affection between same sex individuals is considered the norm. In this way Tom-Dee partnerships can be invisible to the wider society. 94.6% of Thai citizens are Buddhist. High social acceptance is due to the nature of the surrounding Buddhist culture, which places a high value on tolerance. Using the notion of Karma, a belief that being a Tom/Dee is the result of transgressions in past lives, concluding that Tom/Dee deserve pity rather than blame.
Kathoey/Ladyboys.
It is quite common for the subject of Ladyboys to be in direct correlation to Thailand, something that the country is becoming more prominently known for. These days many tourists make note of these beautiful women that have transformed themselves into somewhat of a Thai icon. Thailand is now viewed as an international hub of gender-bending norms, and a center of sexual alterations.
Meaning of Kathoey/Ladyboy.
Although the term ladyboy is rather ambiguous, simply put, it is a male who dresses as and carries out the identity of a woman. Though the term is often translated as transgender, transgender is rarely used in Thailand, instead they use the term Kathoey. This term can now also be used to refer to any male homosexual and was originally used to refer to intersex people. Due to this term becoming so broad many choose to use the English word to explain a homosexual male dressing as a woman as a “ladyboy," this eliminates much of the confusion. The term can also be meant as an insult, especially to those who are trying to completely alter their identity to that of a woman. Ladyboys suggest that they are still men who are merely dressed as women. The term is used rather loosely at times and can be used to refer to any male who is acting with feminine qualities. Personally most of the women prefer to call themselves “a transformed goddess” or “a second type of woman”.
Acceptance of Kathoey/Ladyboys.
Ladyboys really are quite prominent in Thailand and are seemingly accepted by society, not only in the cities but in the countrysides as well. It seems as though it is the relaxed attitude of acceptance and tolerance in Buddhism that keeps people from shunning their lifestyles, although many other Buddhist countries are not as willing to accept a ladyboy living their life in public. Thai Buddhism specifically does not regard homosexuality as a sin and has no specific prohibitions regarding their lifestyle. Though Kathoey continually face discrimination they are gaining acceptance and have made themselves a very distinct part of the Thai society; however, they still have not yet attained equal status with those who are not transgender. There are many restrictions that come with the identity, one being the inability to marry someone of the same sex, another not being able to officially change their birth sex on birth certificates or passports.
Kathoey/Ladyboys in society.
Though Kathoey have enjoyed some prestige in the past, they still face many struggles in everyday life. Many have found success in the entertainment business or in fashion, while others dance cabaret or accept lower level work so that they are able to live their lives out in the open. The modern view of Kathoey is really rather recent, it seems as though they, together with other homosexual identities came together in recent decades to start this gender identity revolution. Beginning in the 1950s we are able to see a presence of Kathoey and it can be traced in media. The trend of Kathoeys being a regular part of entertainment such as movies, music entertainment and television shows is rather recent.

</doc>
