<doc id="30942435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942435" title="The labyrinth of Versailles">
The labyrinth of Versailles

The labyrinth of Versailles was a hedge maze in the Gardens of Versailles with groups of fountains and sculptures depicting Aesop's fables. André Le Nôtre initially planned a maze of unadorned paths in 1665, but in 1669, Charles Perrault advised Louis XIV to include thirty-nine fountains, each representing one of the fables of Aesop. The work was carried out between 1672 and 1677. Water jets spurting from the animals mouths were conceived to give the impression of speech between the creatures. There was a plaque with a caption and a quatrain written by the poet Isaac de Benserade next to each fountain. A detailed description of the labyrinth, its fables and sculptures is given in Perrault's "Labyrinte de Versailles", illustrated with engravings by Sébastien Leclerc.
In 1778 Louis XVI had the labyrinth removed and replaced by an arboretum of exotic trees planted as an English-styled garden.
Creation.
In 1665, André Le Nôtre planned a hedge maze of unadorned paths in an area south of the Latona Fountain near the "Orangerie". In 1668 Jean de La Fontaine published his first collection "Fables Choisies", dedicated to ""Monseigneur"" Louis, "le Grand Dauphin", the six-year-old son of Louis XIV. Although La Fontaine had incurred the royal displeasure, his poems perhaps encouraged Charles Perrault, author of the Mother Goose stories, who the year before had been named senior civil servant in the Superintendance of the King's Buildings, to advise Louis XIV in 1669 to remodel the labyrinth in such a way as to serve the Dauphin’s education. Between 1672 and 1677 Le Nôtre redesigned the labyrinth to feature thirty-nine fountains that depicted stories from Aesop’s Fables. The sculptors Jean-Baptiste Tuby, Etienne Le Hongre, Pierre Le Gros, and the brothers Gaspard and Balthazard Marsy worked on these thirty-nine hydraulic sculptures.
Each fountain was accompanied by a plaque on which the fable was printed, with verse written by Isaac de Benserade. It was from these plaques, Louis XIV’s son learned to read. In his "Fables d'Ésope en quatrains, dont il y en a une partie au labyrinthe de Versailles" de Benserade claims that, as well being the one to choose the fables, it was the King himself who had wanted a quatrain to describe each of them.
Once completed in 1677 the labyrinth contained thirty-nine fountains with 333 painted metal animal sculptures. The water for the elaborate waterworks was conveyed from the Seine by the Machine de Marly, which used fourteen water-wheels driving 253 pumps, some of which worked at a distance of three-quarters of a mile. 
The layout of the maze was unusual, as there was no central goal, and, despite the five metre high hedges, allowed glimpses ahead. Piganiol de La Force in his "Nouvelle description du château et parc de Versailles et de Marly" (1702) describes the labyrinth as a "network of allées bordered with palisades where it is easy to get lost." He continues: "At every turn you see a fountain decorated with delicate rocaille, and representing very simply a fable, the subject of which is indicated by a four-line inscription in gold letters on a bronze plate."
Shortly after the labyrinth was completed, Perrault published a description in his "Recueil de divers ouvrages en prose et en vers". "At each end of a path," he wrote, "and wherever they cross, there are fountains, so arranged that in whatever place one finds oneself, one sees always three or four and often six or seven of them at once. The basins of these fountains, all different in figure and design, are enriched with fine rock-work and rare shells and for ornamentation have different animals who represent the most charming fables of Aesop. These animals are so well made and lifelike that they seem to be still in the action that they depict; one can even say that they in some way speak the words that the fable attributes to them, since the water that they spout forth at one another seems not only to give them life and action, but serves them also as a voice to express their passions and their thoughts." 
Success.
This labyrinth was so popular, not only with the King and the young Dauphin, but with the nobility and gentry who were allowed to visit the garden, that a guidebook was published, Perrault's "Labyrinte de Versailles", which contained the fables, a description of the fountains and the quatrains written by the poet Isaac Benserade for each fable. It was first published in 1675, then reprinted in 1677 with engravings by Sébastien Leclerc. A third version, in which the engravings by Leclerc were illuminated by Jacques Bailly was produced soon after.
The small, pocket-sized books were richly bound in red morocco leather with stamped gilt decoration. The book was eventually translated into English, appearing twice in 1768, in John Bowles's edition and Daniel Bellamy senior's "Aesop at Court", with plates engraved by George Bickham. 
The labyrinth contributed greatly to the wonder that the Gardens of Versailles instilled in visitors and diplomats from abroad. An illustrated guide printed in Amsterdam in 1682 praised Le Nôtre's work saying, "Amongst all these works there is nothing more admirable and praiseworthy than the Royal Garden at Versailles, and, in it, the Labyrinth... The Turnings and Windings, edged on both sides with green cropt hedges, are not at all tedious, by reason that at every hand there are figures and water-works representing the mysterious and instructive fables of Aesop".
The composer Marin Marais, hired in 1676 as a musician to the royal court of Versailles, knew the labyrinth. He wrote in the "avertissements " to his "The Labyrinth and other stories", "One enters the labyrinth and, after descending to the ducks and dog comes up again next to Bacchus." He also knew that nearby the labyrinth there was another bosquet called the Ballroom, which could explain the chaconne which brings his long, mysterious "Labyrinthe" to a close. Titon du Tillet admired it: "The piece from his Fourth Book, titled Le Labyrinthe, in which after roaming through various keys, touching diverse dissonances, and underlining, first with sombre tones and later with lively and sprightly ones, the uncertainty of a man lost in a labyrinth, the composer manages happily to find the way out at last and finishes with a graceful and natural sounding Chaconne."
Aesop and Love.
Two statues were placed at the entrance to the labyrinth ("A" in the plan), one of Aesop by Le Gros ("B") holding a scroll of paper and the other of Love or Cupid by Tuby ("C") holding a ball of thread, like Ariadne's.
Perrault writes of the two figures: "Aesop has a roll of paper which he shows to Love who has a ball of thread, as if to say tha t if God has committed men to troublesome labyrinths, there is no secret to getting out as long as Love is accompanied by wisdom, of which Aesop in his fables teaches the path."
For Michel Conan, the maze's design "invited all visitors to give first-person attention" to their movements, and the statues "advised that unless they pondered their choices they might fail to find their way through the labyrinth." For him, the labyrinth, as a metaphor for life, "encouraged self-reflection and a search for a personal code of conduct", with the dialogue between Cupid and Aesop at the entrance emphasising this:
Cupid: Aesop:
Destruction.
Citing repair and maintenance costs, Louis XVI ordered the labyrinth destroyed in 1778. In its place, an arboretum of exotic trees was planted as an English-styled garden. Rechristened "Bosquet de la Reine", it would be in this part of the garden that an episode of the Affair of the Diamond Necklace, which compromised Marie-Antoinette, transpired in 1785.
In the reserve collections of the Musée national des châteaux de Versailles et de Trianon, there remain only thirty-four fragments of the fountains, as well as the statues of L'Amour and Aesop.

</doc>
<doc id="30942439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942439" title="Francis Yaxley">
Francis Yaxley

Francis Yaxley (died 1565) was an English politician and conspirator.
Life.
Yaxley was the eldest son of Richard Yaxley of Mellis, Suffolk, by his wife Anne, daughter of Roger Austin of Earlsham, Suffolk. The family were settled at Yaxley Hall, near Eye, Suffolk, where the descendants of Richard's uncle, John Yaxley, a serjeant-at-law in the reign of Henry VII, lived until the eighteenth century. Richard Yaxley has been confused by David Elisha Davy with his physician half-brother, Robert Yaxley, M.D.
Francis owed his introduction at court to William Cecil; about 1547 he obtained employment by the privy council, possibly in the signet office, and in September 1548 he was engaged in hiring Italian mercenaries for service in England. In 1550 he was sent to Italy to complete his diplomatic education, and was attached to the embassy of Peter Vannes. He returned to England in November 1552, was returned to parliament for Dunwich on 22 February 1553, and was admitted a student of Gray's Inn; but in the following April he was sent to join Nicholas Wotton, the English ambassador in France.
Yaxley returned to England early in the reign of Mary I, and on 3 October 1555 was elected member of parliament for Stamford. Before March 1557 he had become clerk of the signet, and in January 1558 he was returned to parliament for Saltash. He retained his clerkship under Elizabeth I, and letters to him from prominent men (Sir Thomas Chaloner, Viscount Montague, Sir Thomas Wharton, the Earl of Huntingdon), requesting his co-operation in their suits, indicate that he had some influence.
He was, however, according to the Spanish ambassador, a good Catholic. The ambassador also stated that in January 1561 he was in prison for talking about Elizabeth's proposed marriage with Lord Robert Dudley. In the same year he was said to be pushing a scheme for the queen's marriage with the king of Sweden. The Countess of Lennox employed him to obtain information from the Spanish ambassador, and to further the project of marriage between the countess's son Henry Stewart, Lord Darnley, and Mary Queen of Scots. On 14 February 1562 Yaxley wrote to Dudley from Ipswich, asking for his assistance: he had been summoned to appear before the council, and before the 22nd he was in the Tower of London. The articles against the Countess of Lennox were partly based on Yaxley's confession. Yaxley himself was examined by the privy council on 14 January 1563.
The date of Yaxley's release is uncertain; but in July 1565 the Spanish ambassador reported to Philip II that he was going to Flanders, and then to Scotland. His stay in Flanders was short, and about 20 August he embarked for Scotland. On the way his vessel was chased and fired on by a slower English man-of-war. He landed at Edinburgh on the 25th, and at once became Darnley's confidant and secretary. Mary also told him all her secrets, and selected him to go to Philip II and place her cause at Philip's disposal and under his protection. Yaxley was, however, unable to control his tongue, and within a few days Thomas Randolph was able to describe the objects of his mission to the English government.
Yaxley meanwhile sailed from Dumbarton on 16 September, and, travelling through Flanders, reached Segovia on 20 October. He was well received by Philip, and lodged at the house of Gonsalo Perez. Five days later he set out on his return, with Philip's assurances of support and a sum of money. His vessel was wrecked in the North Sea, and Yaxley's body was washed up on the coast of Northumberland, the money on it being made the subject of a diplomatic dispute between Mary and Elizabeth. The body was removed for burial to Yaxley, to the poor and church of which he left bequests by his will, dated 3 July 1561.
Family.
He married Margaret, third daughter of Sir Henry Hastings of Bramston, Leicestershire, but apparently had no issue, and bequeathed his property and interest in Yaxley Hall to his father, who survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="30942440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942440" title="John Philip Elers">
John Philip Elers

John Philip Elers (7 September 1664 – 1738) was a Dutch potter, working in England.
Early life.
Elers was born in Utrecht, the son of Martin Elers, a German living in Amsterdam, who married in 1650 a daughter of Daniel van Mildert; he had a sister married to Sir William Phipps, and a brother David. There was an uncle selling ceramics in London, and Martin Elers was involved in that business from the mid-1670s. John Philip Elers and his brother had some technical training in Cologne, and then are thought to have moved to England in the 1680s. They were in business in Fulham by about 1690, making stoneware.
Potter.
The Elers discovered a fine red clay at Bradwell, Staffordshire suitable for producing red ware in imitation of the oriental red pottery which was being imported by the East India companies into England. Around 1690, Elers settled in Bradwell Wood, near Burslem, a secluded spot, where he established a factory. The product were stored in Dimsdale, about a mile away, and the buildings were said to be connected by a speaking tube; the pottery was sold by David Elers in London, at his shop in the Poultry. Their speciality was a red unglazed pottery, chiefly teapots, with slight raised ornamentations of an oriental character executed with stamps.
Much was made of the commercial secrecy employed by the Elers brothers in their Burslem pottery by Simeon Shaw, in his work "History of the Staffordshire Potteries" (1829); Shaw was relying on local oral tradition. He wrote that they employed the stupidest workmen they could obtain; and an idiot to turn the wheel. At last Josiah Twyford and John Astbury were successful in discovering the secret, the latter by feigning idiocy. More prosaically, the Elers brothers were the targets of legal action by John Dwight, also of Fulham, and who had a monopoly of stoneware. They set up in Staffordshire in the period 1691 to 1693, but also kept a London outlet, and a works in Vauxhall. They settled with Dwight by taking out a license that ran to 1698.
Elers left Bradwell, and became connected with the glass manufactory at Chelsea, where he assisted in the manufacture of soft-paste porcelain. Subsequently he moved to Dublin, where he set up a glass and china shop.
Death and family.
Elers married Miss Banks, by whom he was father of Paul Elers, who was educated for the law, and married Mary, the daughter and heiress of Edward Hungerford of Blackbourton Court, Oxford. He died in 1781, aged 82, leaving by her, among other children, Maria, the wife of Richard Lovell Edgeworth, and mother of Maria Edgeworth, the novelist. There is a medallion portrait of John Philip Elers done by Wedgwood, from a painting in the possession of the family, and there are two small mezzotint portraits of Paul Elers and his wife, engraved from the life by Butler Clowes.

</doc>
<doc id="30942470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942470" title="Eric the sheep">
Eric the sheep

Eric the sheep was created by and is edited by Aidan Rees (Head of small comic publishers company "Computer Comics Incorporated" located in Rhyl). Aidan Rees first thought of the concept and wrote the comics for Eric the sheep as a six year old boy and is still in possession of the majority of them. As the series progressed we saw Eric celebrating christmas, going bankrupt, gaining (and losing) superhuman powers and starring in a Harry Potter film. Later on a longer comic was released to the public and it was classed as Computer Comics Incorporated's first graphic novel, It explained the through history of Eric and his relations and it involves a dramatic plot also to do with Eric and his relations.
Main Characters.
Eric.
Eric used to live on a farm somewhere in Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch but he escaped and got bumped in the head with a super intelligence ray from a nearby mad prof's laboratory, making him able to speak, stand on his hind legs and drink beverages. After this Eric runs amok doing whatever he pleases with his new freedom and intelligence e.g. Gatecrashing a party in the White House, Buying front row tickets for the 2010 FIFA World Cup (with somebody else's money). He meets his half brother Fleric, his half sister Flerica, his sister Erica, his brother Fred and lots of other relatives (though he has known his half brother Fleric since #3) in Computer Comics Incorporated's first graphic novel entitled "The Curse of the Long Lost Relatives". Eric also nearly dies several times (most of these were failed assassination attempts by his half brother Fleric) one of these was when he is used as a football when the 2010 fifa world cup balls run out in a practise match (as the last ball bursts Eric dives to catch it in hope that he could sell it but as he jumps onto the pitch he realises that he is petrified of large crowds watching him and curls in to a ball in fear).
Erica.
Erica is a sheep that used to live on the same farm as her brother in Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. She appears in every issue except the first fifteen. Sge looks exactly like Eric with eyeliner and fake eyelashes (Eric has had eyeliner and false eyelashes on before in The Curse of the Long Lost Relatives. When Erica is the elvan princess in #12 she falls in love with an anonymous sheep that is also seen in the background of the second panel on the third page. She dates Fred the fish when they fall in love in #16 but he dumps her in #29. When he makes her cry by doing this Fred the sheep has to be held back by Eric to stop him from taking Fred the fish out of the water. She now often still flirts with Fred the fish but he doesn't flirt with her because he is now dating Christy Walton (not because he likes her but because she has a $23 billion fortune.
Fleric.
Fleric is the evil half brother of Eric the sheep and Erica the sheep and twin brother of Flerica the sheep(they all lived on the same farm in Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch and all became more intelligent for various reasons which are revealed in the graphic novel entitled The Curse of the Long Lost Relatives). Fleric looks exactly like his half brother Eric except that Fleric has a unibrow and is almost always either smiling or scowling while Eric has no eyebrows at all and almost always has a different facial expression at least every three issues. While there is an uncanny resemblance between Eric and Fleric in terms of looks they both have completely different personalities (Fleric is an evil prison escapee and Eric is a thrill seeking, good hearted friend to everyone who returns the favour). In #12 Fleric seems to get crushed by a weight that weighs 1,000 million tonnes while falling into the lava of Mt.Doom but makes a still unexplained return in the next issue.
Minor characters.
Fred the fish.
Fred the fish sometimes appears in the comics and dislikes Eric's brother Fred because Fred is always complaining about how he should be the only Fred in the "thing" (it is popularly assumed that by "thing" Fred means comic or comic book which shows that the sheep are aware that they are comic book characters and that they are non-existent) but they are not one another's enemy. Fred the fish is usual the main character in the Fred the fish comics, which are also published by Computer Comics Incorporated. Fred's best friend is Eric and always warns him when he can see Fleric lurking around.
Farmer Joe.
Farmer Joe is the farmer that ran the farm that Eric and his relatives escaped from. He appears in #1, #4, #7, #10 and on the front page of #12. In most of them he is there because he is looking for his lost sheep to sell to the butchers (he hates all animals, especial fluffy bunny rabbits).
Donut Man.
Donut Man is a minor character in Eric the sheep comics but is one of the most important founding characters of Computer Comics Incorporated. He appears in #1 and in #5. In #1 he appears briefly as he bumps into Eric saying that he needs to get to the donut factory urgently(it is almost certain that this is when Donut Man has to save the world from a villain lurking in the donut factory in Donut Man #1 even though this scene is not in the comic itself). And in #5 he gives Eric superhuman strength and gives him the power to turn into a giant at will so that he can destroy Fleric's mansion but only for one day.
Chris Moyles.
In #20 Eric "accidentally" sneaks past the guards and into the BBC radio one office and meets Chris Moyles. Eric tells him that he is his biggest fan and then goes on to show him his collection of I heart Chris Moyles mugs, T-shirts and badges. Chris Moyles then calls for security but they think that he is going insane when he tells them that there is a talking sheep in his office. Chris moyles is also mentioned when Eric listens to the radio in The Curse of the Long Lost Relatives.
Related comics by the same publisher.
The Three Freds of C.C.I.
The Three Freds of C.C.I is a comic published by Computer Comics Incorporated (C.C.I) that involves Fred the sheep, Fred the fish and Fred Figleburg (all characters from C.C.I) going on an adventure through time and space (with a little help from Chris Moyles) to stop Fleric ruling the universe.

</doc>
<doc id="30942477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942477" title="Peace River (meteorite)">
Peace River (meteorite)

Peace River is a L6 chondrite meteorite fall on the morning of March 31, 1963.
History.
On March 31, 1963 at 4:35 a.m. MST, a small meteoroid detonated at a height of over the skies of Alberta, Canada and broke in two main fragments. A bright flash was visible at a distance of over 100 miles and strong booming detonations were heard.
As soon as enough data was obtained and the snow melted, the search for the fragments began.
The first fragment was recovered on April 24 near Mahood farm, southwest of Peace River town, by John Westgate and R. E. Folinsbee.
Strewnfield.
The ellipse of scattering spawn for about in length.
Classification.
It was classified as shocked L6 chondrite.

</doc>
<doc id="30942488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942488" title="Lacy Walter Giles Yea">
Lacy Walter Giles Yea

Lacy Walter Giles Yea (1808–1855) was a British Army colonel, known for his role in the Crimean War, where he was killed in action.
Early life.
Born in Park Row, Bristol, on 20 May 1808, he was eldest son of Sir William Walter Yea, second baronet, of Pyrland, near Taunton, Somerset, who married, on 24 June 1805, Anne Heckstetter (d. 1846), youngest daughter of Colonel David Michel of Dulish House, Dorset.
Lacy Yea was educated at Eton College. He was commissioned as ensign in the 37th foot on 6 October 1825, obtained an unattached lieutenancy on 19 December 1826, was appointed to the 5th Foot on 13 March 1827, and exchanged to the 7th (Royal Fusiliers) on 13 March 1828. He served with it in the Mediterranean and America, becoming captain 30 December 1836, major on 3 June 1842, and lieutenant-colonel on 9 August 1850.
Crimean War.
In 1854 he went out in command of the Royal Fusiliers to Turkey and the Crimea, with a reputation as martinet. At the battle of Alma his regiment was on the right of the Light Division, and became engaged with the left wing of the Kazan Regiment, a deep column of fifteen hundred men. The Fusiliers held their own against this column when the rest of Codrington's brigade had fallen back, and at length forced it to give way. The regiment lost twelve officers and more than two hundred men. Yea received a letter of congratulation from Sir Edward Blakeney, who had led the regiment at Albuera, and was now its colonel.
At the battle of Inkerman the Fusiliers, as part of Codrington's brigade, were on the slope of Victoria ridge, acting on the right flank of the Russians, but not very heavily engaged. Yea was mentioned in despatches of 28 September and 11 November, and was made brevet-colonel on 28 November. During the hardships of the winter his care of his men was exemplary.
In the summer he had command of a brigade of the Light Division, and in the assault of the Redan, on 18 June 1855, he led the column directed against the left face. It consisted of a covering party of a hundred riflemen, a ladder party of about two hundred, a storming party of four hundred men of the 34th, and a reserve of eight hundred men of the 7th and 33rd. Leaving the latter under cover for the time, he went forward with the rest. They had a quarter of a mile of open ground to cross under grapeshot. Yea reached the abattis with the wreck of his parties, but there he was shot dead. His body was brought in next day, and he was buried on the 20th.
Yea was praised by Lord Raglan, in his despatch of 19 June; and by Sir William Codrington, then commanding the Light Division, to Yea's sisters. His eldest sister put up a marble monument to him in his parish church of Taunton St. James's, Somerset. A headstone marked his grave in the cemetery at Sevastopol.
Yea was unmarried. His father survived him, dying on 20 May 1862, when the baronetcy passed to Lacy's younger brother, Sir Henry Lacy Yea (d. 1864), third and last baronet.
The township of Yea, Victoria, Australia was named in honour of Colonel Yea

</doc>
<doc id="30942491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942491" title="Richard Elford">
Richard Elford

Richard Elford (1677?–1714) was an English singer, the leading figure in his field in Queen Anne's London.
Life.
When young he was a chorister at Lincoln Cathedral, and later sang at Durham Cathedral. Restless, he came to London to try the stage. His looks and stature told against him.
Elford was sworn a gentleman of the Chapel Royal on 2 August 1702, and was also appointed lay vicar at St Paul's Cathedral and Westminster Abbey. Among those who wrote sacred musis for him were William Croft and John Weldon. Elford was also chosen to take part in the performance before Queen Anne at St. James's Palace of John Eccles's "Birthday Songs", in 1703. Elford died on 29 October 1714. His brother Thomas was a singer in the Dublin Cathedral choir.
In Henry Carey's poem, 'On the Death of the late famous Mr. Elford,' published in 1720, his loss is deplored in extravagant terms. It was set to music by Croft.

</doc>
<doc id="30942492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942492" title="Proto-Zionism">
Proto-Zionism

Proto-Zionism (or Forerunners of Zionism; , pronounced: "Mevasrei ha-Tzionut") is a term attributed to a group of people deeply affected by the idea of modern Nationalism spread in Europe of the 19th century, as they sought to establish a Jewish homeland in Israel. Central activity of men was between the years 1860 to 1874, before the Zionist movement established practical (1881) and political Zionism (1896) . For this reason they are called precursors of Zionism. 
As the 17th century raised the idea of "restoring the Jews to Israel Israel naturally by settlement and political action" by Jews and non Jews. However, these ideas were missing in terms of the ultimate goal, do not have united people to action and relied on the national project and the State - the nation. Therefore, these figures are not considered in Heralds of Zionism. 
Rabbi Judah ben Solomon Hai Alkalai (1798–1878), Rabbi Zvi Hirsch Kalisher (1795–1874), philosopher Moses Hess (1812 1875) are considered proto-Zionists.
History.
According to Ben-Zion Dinur, the Aliyah of Rabbi Judah HeHasid and his group opened a new era which began to develop processes such as encouraging productivity, the Revival of the Hebrew language and national aspirations. Nahum Sokolow described proto-Zionists as anyone who wished to renew the Jewish community in Israel, or who wrote about the Jewish problem, starting from the 17th century. This broad definition included such figures as Moses Montefiore, Adolphe Cremieux, Eliezer Ben Yehuda and the Shabtai Zvi. Nathan Michael Gerber also traced the forerunners of Zionism back to the 17th century. 
According to Dov Weinereve, the first "forerunner" is Mordecai Manuel Noah. 
Jacob Katz argued that it is possible to point out only on three men as "forerunners of Zionism": Rabbi Judah ben Solomon Hai Alkalai, Rabbi Zvi Hirsch Kalisher, a thinker Moses Hess, since although other people acted in various forms, it is just these three's actions that left the imprint on the Hovevei Zion. Samuel Leib Zitron cited Rabbi Alkalai as the pioneer of modern political Zionism. 
Citron and Samuel Ettinger, who argued that even if preceded by the movement of Hovevei Zion were different personalities who tackled the Jewish problem, the few acts that they were at hand to do did not leave an impression for generations, did not affect anything on the Zionist movement, and thus there is no person that could be called "harbinger of Zionism. "
Zionism precursors.
Katz argues that the rabbis Alkalai Kalisher changed their religious worldview, abandoning the "Basics of non - realistic perception of traditional Messianic views." .
He also explains that during their actions as forerunners of Zionism there "was not on the agenda an issue of lack of rights to Jews or social discrimination" and thus the modern idea of Jewish nationalism was not a success in the years they operated. From the late '70s, with growing economic plight of Eastern European Jews and the rising wave of anti-Semitism, two and a half million Jews left Eastern Europe (until World War I), while only a small percentage of them emigrated to Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="30942521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942521" title="Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964">
Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964

The Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964 is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom. The importation of lysergamide and its derivatives was restricted by this Act. 
This Act added synthetic amphetamine type drugs to restriction similar to previously restricted drugs such as opium, morphine and cocaine.
The Act was repealed by the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="30942524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942524" title="Handel Society of New York">
Handel Society of New York

The Handel Society of New York (HSNY) was a New York City based musical organization that presented concert and semi-staged performances of operas and oratorios by George Frideric Handel from 1966-1974. The group mainly performed out of Carnegie Hall and was responsible for presenting the American and New York premieres of several works by Handel. The ensemble was also the first to record many of these works; releasing several LPs for RCA and Westminster Records.
History.
The HSNY was founded in January 1966 by talent manager Arthur Judson and New York businessman and music lover James Grayson. Grayson served as the group's Executive Director throughout the company's history. The ensemble's first music director was conductor Brian Priestman, and the group's longtime harpsichordist was Martin Isepp. The ensemble gave its debut performance, a semi-staged production of "Xerxes", at Carnegie Hall on 20 November 1966 with Maureen Forrester in the title role, Maureen Lehane as Arsamene, Janet Baker as Amastre, Teresa Stich-Randall as Romilda, Alpha Brawner as Atalanta, John Shirley-Quirk as Ariodate, and Yi-Kwei Sze as Elviro. The same performers, with the additions of Regina Sarfaty as Eduige and Charles Bressler as Grimoaldo, were utilized the following week in semi-staged performances of "Rodelinda". Both of these works were recorded on LPs for Westminster Records.
In 1966 the HSNY made their first recording for RCA Red Seal Records: the musical drama "Hercules" with Priestman conducting the Vienna Radio Symphony Orchestra. This was followed in 1968 with a recording of the oratorio "Solomon" with Shirley-Quirk in the title role. The recording was made in Austria with the orchestra of the Vienna Volksoper under conductor Stephen Simon. Simon was appointed the HSNY's new director in 1970, a position he remained in until the ensemble disbanded in 1974. Simon's first performance as music director was the United States premiere of "Orlando" presented in a concert version on January 18, 1971 at Carnegie Hall. The production starred Rosalind Elias in the title role with Camilla Williams as Angelica, Betty Allen as Medoro, Carole Bogard as Dorinda, and Justino Díaz as Zoroastro.
Under Simon's leadership, the HSNY presented two more United State premieres at Carnegie Hall. On March 29, 1971 the ensemble performed the American premiere of "Ariodante" in a concert version with mezzo-soprano Sophia Steffan in the title role and Judith Raskin as Ginerva. In March 1972 the HSNY introduced to American audiences Handel's "Rinaldo" in a concert version starring Beverly Wolff in the title role. The HSNY presented the New York premiere of Handel's "Alcina", which had been performed only once before in the United States, under the baton of Priestman on March 25, 1974 with Cristina Deutekom in the title role and Karan Armstrong as Morgana.
In February 1973 Simon conducted the HSNY in their only performance of a non-Handel work, William Walton's "Belshazzar's Feast", which was paired with an edited version of Handel's "Belshazzar". Other Handel works which Simon conducted for the HSNY were the oratorios "Solomon" (1971), "Athalia" (1972), "Judas Maccabaeus" (1972), and "Saul" (1973); and the opera "Ezio" (1973). He conducted the HSNY's last concert, a performance of Handel's "Samson", on April 23, 1974 with Richard Tucker in the title role.

</doc>
<doc id="30942528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942528" title="Saqr bin Zayed Al Nahyan">
Saqr bin Zayed Al Nahyan

Sheikh Saqr Bin Zayed Al Nahyan was the third ruler of Abu Dhabi. He was the brother of Sultan bin Zayed bin Khalifa Al Nahyan (who ruled Abu Dhabi from 1922 to 1926), whom he shot and killed to avenge the death of their older brother Sheikh Hamdan, and in 1926 he became ruler himself. He was uncle to Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan and Shakhbut bin Sultan Al Nahyan, his successor. An assassination attempt by members of the Al-Bu Shaar section of the Al Manaseer on New Years Day 1928 failed but he was later caught up with and assassinated.

</doc>
<doc id="30942536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942536" title="Robert Yeamans">
Robert Yeamans

Robert Yeamans or Yeomans (died 1643), was a merchant of Bristol who in early 1643 plotted with other Royalist to aid in the capture of Bristol by the Royalists. The plot was discovered by the parliamentary governor Nathaniel Fiennes and Yeomans was tried as a traitor, found guilty by court-martial and executed.
Early life.
Yeamans came of a numerous Bristol family, and was probably closely related to William Yeamans (1578–1632?), a graduate of Balliol College, Oxford, incumbent of St. Philip's, Bristol, where he was noted as a puritan, and from 1615 till his death prebendary of Bristol Cathedral.
Robert Yeamans was a well-known merchant and councillor of Bristol, and in 1641–2 served as sheriff. He was royalist in his sympathies, and he obtained a commission from King Charles I of England to raise a troops from Bristol, but in December, before he could accomplish the task, the city was occupied by a parliamentary force under the command of Colonel Essex. In February 1643 Nathaniel Fiennes became the parliamentary military governor of the city.
Plot.
Early in 1643 Yeamans conceived a plan for turning the city over to a royalist army under the command of Prince Rupert. He communicated with Charles I, who was then at Oxford, and the king sent him a commission to enlist men in his service. Prince Rupert was to bring four thousand horse and two thousand foot to Durdham Down, and the royalists in Bristol, who were estimated at two thousand, were to seize the Frome-gate and admit Rupert's forces. The plot was to take effect on the night of 7 March 1643.
Fiennes heard of the plot, and on 7 March before they could execute the plan Yeamans and his principal confederates were arrested in his house in Wine Street. ""A Brief Relation of the Plot"" was published by parliament on 13 March, various witnesses were examined in that and the following month, and on 8 May Yeamans was condemned to death by a court-martial as a traitor.
Charles made great efforts to save him, and Lord Forth threatened to execute a similar number of parliamentary prisoners in his hands. The threat proved useless, as Fiennes also held other notable Royalist prisoners recently captured by Sir William Waller on his raid into Herefordshire, so to forestall a blood bath King Charles ordered that no retaliatory executions should take place.
Yeamans was hanged, drawn and quartered opposite his house along with his co-conspirator and friend George Bouchier. Yeamans's remains were buried in Christ Church, Bristol. When Fiennes was himself on his trial his execution of Yeamans was one of the charges brought against him by Prynne.
Family.
Yeaman is said in the royalist accounts to have left by his wife, a kinswoman also named Yeamans, eight very young children, and a ninth was born posthumously. Many other members of the family are mentioned as taking prominent part in local affairs at Bristol and at Barbados. The only child of the royalist whose relationship to him is established is his daughter Anne, who married Thomas Curtis, the quaker of Reading, and interceded for George Fox's release in 1660. Other members of the Yeamans family were Quakers, and one of them married Isabel, daughter of Margaret Fell, and stepdaughter of Fox.

</doc>
<doc id="30942538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942538" title="Christopher Markey">
Christopher Markey

Christopher M. Markey is the current member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives for the 9th Bristol district.

</doc>
<doc id="30942540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942540" title="Oh No">
Oh No

Oh No may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30942541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942541" title="Classic Duets">
Classic Duets

Classic Duets is a 2002 compilation album by Frank Sinatra.
Given his enormous talent and unparalleled musical history—not to mention the healthy, suffer-no-fools ego they inspired—it is hardly surprising that duets are relatively few and far between in Frank Sinatra's catalog, his smash duet on "Somethin' Stupid" with daughter Nancy notwithstanding. But in the heyday of the TV variety show, the star-hosted format virtually demanded musical cross-pollination, a tradition that carried over from radio. It's that fertile, largely unexplored territory that this rewarding, 21-track anthology explores in conjunction with the PBS special of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="30942546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942546" title="Palfrey (surname)">
Palfrey (surname)

Palfrey is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30942552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942552" title="Frederick T. van Beuren, Jr.">
Frederick T. van Beuren, Jr.

Frederick T. van Beuren, Jr., M.D. (February 10, 1876 – March 13, 1943) was a physician and surgeon, a medical school administrator and professor, a researcher, and a hospital administrator. He was graduated from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. He later became the chief of its surgery clinic and an instructor in surgery.
Even later, he became its associate dean and associate clinical professor of surgery. 
He was a vice president of the New York Academy of Medicine. While researching gastroenterological surgery, he conducted long-term studies at Roosevelt Hospital and Presbyterian Hospital. He also was president of Morristown Memorial Hospital in New Jersey.
During World War I he was a captain of the Medical Reserve Corps. He spoke publicly supporting medical preparedness and urging physicians to join the war effort.
He was a published clinician in peer-reviewed journals, who often was invited to read the results of his clinical studies before many medical organizations and associations in the United States and Canada. He contributed to the "Annals of Surgery".
Career.
In 1898 van Beuren was awarded a bachelor of arts degree by Yale University and in 1902 he was graduated from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, with a degree in medicine. Within ten years he was chief of staff at his alma mater's surgery clinic and teaching surgery at the university.
In April 1910 he was elected a fellow of the New York Academy of Medicine where he served as recording secretary (1916–1919), as vice-president (1925–1927), and as a member of the committee on admission (1922–1927), which selected the candidates offered admission. He was given another position at the academy as a member of the committee on medical education in 1926. He also served on the program committee and the building committee.
Active in community public health activities and services including free clinics and emergency planning, during World War I van Beuren served as a captain in the federal Medical Reserve Corps that became part of the Council on National Defense (1915–1937), which was organized under the U.S. Army with national leaders who sat on a council that reported directly to the president of the United States. Members of the corps created the national planning to assure that adequate medical services would be available during emergencies, including periods of war. for the war years, before reverting to their peacetime emergency planning role after the armistice in 1918. In this capacity, Captain van Beuren was invited to attend the semi-annual meeting of the Essex County Medical Society on June 5, 1917 in Elizabethtown, New York as a speaker presented during their Scientific Program. He "...spoke on Medical Preparedness and the need of the National Government for medical men at the present time..." and "...a rising vote of thanks was extended..."
He was assistant attending surgeon at Lincoln Hospital (1910–1913) and at Roosevelt Hospital (1913–1921).
He was associate visiting surgeon at Presbyterian Hospital, where for twenty-four years, he conducted clinical research into surgical techniques and equipment.
He was a diplomate of the American Board of Surgery, a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons, a fellow of the American Medical Association. He also was a member of the American Surgical Association, a member of the Medical Society of New Jersey, the Medical Society of the State of New York, the Morris County Medical Society, and the New York County Medical Society.
Many of his illustrations regarding clinical methods, procedures, tools, and techniques also were used in published works in the field of surgery, teaching surgeons new techniques he developed or advised in the emerging field of modern surgery that was made possible through anesthesia and aseptic procedures. Many of his clinical studies were in the field of gastroenterological surgery, documenting the scientific data he gathered to advance medical knowledge about and to enable better diagnoses and choices of treatment for conditions that often resulted in the deaths of patients.
He died at Morristown Memorial Hospital in New Jersey, where he was its president. The New York Times was alerted about his death by the New Jersey newspapers and the Times published an obituary. His death was noted in many professional journals. Science, the journal of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, also published an obituary.
Family.
He is a descendant of Johannes van Beuren, who was born in Holland in 1678 and died in Manhattan in 1755, [http://freepages.genealogy.rootsweb.ancestry.com/~rclarke/page1/vbeuren2.htm and immigrated to North America in 1700 from Amsterdam. The genealogy of his descendants lists several physicians educated in the United States. The original, related, Spingler family home in Manhattan was an historic site. Members of later generations of the family resided in structures that were considered landmarks in the community as well. Morristown, New Jersey, the county seat, is recorded as the birthplace of many members of the family as well as Manhattan.
When Frederick van Beuren was growing up his family resided in Manhattan, but maintained other residences. The family had large tracts of land in Morris County that were supported by a farm on the parcel that measures several square miles. This New Vernon property would become a primary residence for him later in his life. The farm was located on what now is van Beuren Road. The eponymous road divided the property and, after passing near to Silver Lake, reaches Blue Mill Road via a bridge over one of the two tributaries that form the lake.
A family retreat from the city existed on the property, a massive shingled structure on Spring Valley Road. During the latter part of the nineteenth century wealthy members of the Manhattan "blue book" society built so many luxurious mansions in the Morristown area that it became labeled ""the inland Newport"" as recreational uses expanded to the mountainous areas (in contrast to the seaside sites to the east of Manhattan). It has four stories that included a basement through which a brook ran for fresh water and had household servant quarters on the fourth floor. Four other houses on the property served as living quarters for specialized and managerial staff members for the estate, stables, and farm.
At the age of thirty, on May 26, 1906, he married Jessica T. Mohlman and after a "grand tour" honeymoon of Europe, they took up residence on Park Avenue relatively near to the home of his parents. Later they moved to a Fifth Avenue home they retained throughout their lives. Eventually, they spent more time in New Vernon and, in 1933, when van Beuren became the president of Morristown Memorial Hospital, the house facing Spring Valley Road became their primary residence.
Their sons became entrepreneurs, John M. van Beuren an electronics engineer, founded Quan-Tech Laboratories in New Jersey that developed electronic measurement instruments crucial for space exploration because they could predict the life expectancy of resistors, transistors, and diodes and Michael van Beuren an industrial designer who became a Bauhaus furniture designer with international recognition
opened his design studio and a furniture factory in Mexico near another family residence in Cuernavaca.

</doc>
<doc id="30942562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942562" title="Russula graveolens">
Russula graveolens

Russula graveolens is an edible species of fungus in the genus "Russula". The species was first officially described by Swedish mycologist Lars Romell in 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="30942568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942568" title="Tentkheta">
Tentkheta

Tentkheta (Tanetkheta) was the Great Royal Wife of Amasis II. She dates to the Twenty-sixth dynasty of Egypt.
Biography.
Tentkheta was one of the wives known for Pharaoh Amasis II. She was a daughter of a priest of Ptah named Padineith. She was the mother of a King's son named Khnum-ib-Re and the mother of Pharaoh Psamtik III. Tentkheta held the titles king's wife ("hmt nswt") and overseer of the affairs of the acacia house ("khrp seshmtiw shendjet").

</doc>
<doc id="30942576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942576" title="John Yeardley">
John Yeardley

John Yeardley (3 January 1786–11 August 1858) was a Quaker missionary.
He was the son of Joel and Frances Yeardley, small dairy farmers at Orgreave, near Rotherham, Yorkshire. John was admitted a member of the Society of Friends in his twentieth year, entered a manufactory in Barnsley, and married, in 1809, Elizabeth Dunn, a convinced Friend much his senior. He commenced preaching in 1815, moving from place to place in the northern counties.
In 1821 Yeardley's wife died, and, led by a persistent "call," he decided to settle at Pyrmont in Germany, where a small body of Friends existed. For his subsistence he arranged to represent some merchants who imported linen yarn, and later on he commenced bleaching on his own account. His philanthropic labours included the establishing of schools and meetings for the young, and many notable persons, including the prince and princess of Prussia, came to hear him preach. In 1824 he accompanied Martha Savory, an English Quaker, on a gospel journey up the Rhine from Elberfeld to Würtemberg, Tübingen, and other German towns, through Switzerland to Congénies in Central France, where some Friends were and (as of 1897) still are settled. They visited Theodor Fliedner at Kaiserswerth, and all the principal religious and philanthropic institutions on their route.
Upon reaching England they were married at Gracechurch Street meeting on 13 December 1826, resuming soon after their missionary labours in Pyrmont, Friesland, and Switzerland, and visiting asylums, reformatories, and Moravian schools.
During a short time spent in England both Yeardley and his wife applied themselves to the study of modern Greek in preparation for a visit to the isles, for which they started on 21 June 1833. They were warmly received by Edmond de Pressensé in Paris, and by Professors Ehrmann and Frédéric Cuvier at Strasbourg. In Corfu they established a girls' school, also a model farm, obtaining from the authorities there a grant of land upon which prisoners were permitted to supply the labour.
After eight years at home, spent in studying languages, the Yeardleys in 1842 returned for the fourth time to France and Germany. In 1850, during a stay in Berlin, they became acquainted with August Neander. Mrs. Yeardley died on 8 May 1851, but her husband continued his travels to Norway in 1852, and to South Russia and Constantinople in 1853.
In his seventy-second year he commenced to study Turkish, and started for the East on 15 June 1858. After some work in Constantinople, and while waiting for his equipments and tents to proceed to the interior of Asia Minor, Yeardley was smitten with paralysis at Isnik, and was compelled to return to England, where he died on 11 August 1858. He was buried at Stoke Newington on the 18th.
As a preacher Yeardley's racy humour, with occasional lapses into his broad native Barnsley dialect, added to his uncompromising directness, did him good service. As a linguist his achievements in preaching without interpreters were remarkable, considering that his early education included no Latin.
He used tracts largely as a vehicle for spreading the gospel. These, written and sometimes translated by himself, were founded upon incidents and characters met with during his travels. They are catalogued by Smith.
Works.
His second wife, Martha Yeardley, born on 8 March 1781, was daughter of Joseph and Anna Savory, and both before and after her marriage was author of several works in verse and prose, the chief of which are
She also joined her husband in writing:
The manuscript diary of their Greek journey was, in 1900, at Devonshire House

</doc>
<doc id="30942583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942583" title="List of types of killing">
List of types of killing

This is a list of types of killing. In the English language, terms for types of killing often end in the suffix "-cide".

</doc>
<doc id="30942603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942603" title="Comedy Central Israel">
Comedy Central Israel

Comedy Central Israel () is the Hebrew-language version Comedy Central.It is the 10th Comedy Central channel.The channel was launched on January 1, 2011.The channel shows international and local shows. The channel is owned by Ananey Communications under license from Viacom International Media Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="30942606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942606" title="James Yearsley">
James Yearsley

James Yearsley (1805–1869), aural surgeon, was born in 1805 to a north-country family settled in Cheltenham.
Medical career.
Adopting a medical career, he became a pupil of Ralph Fletcher of Gloucester, (a surgeon of considerable eminence in his profession, and of some note as a collector of pictures), and later married his daughter. Yearsley moved to London, where he entered himself a student at St. Bartholomew's Hospital. He was admitted a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England and a licentiate of the Society of Apothecaries in 1827; later in life he added to these qualifications the licentiateship of the Royal College of Physicians, Edinburgh (1860), and he graduated M.D. at St. Andrews University in 1862.
After practising for a short time in Cheltenham, he established himself about 1829 as a general practitioner at Ross in Herefordshire. He removed to London about 1837, and started to practise as an aural surgeon. He opened an institution for the relief of diseases of the ear in Sackville Street, Piccadilly, and in 1846 he became surgeon to the Royal Society of Musicians. He founded a hospital specialising in the diseases, the Metropolitan Ear Nose and Throat Hospital of the ear in Kensington.
Yearsley deserves recognition as one who assisted in bringing aural surgery out of the degraded position it held at the beginning of the 19th century. He insisted strongly upon the connection between deafness and disease of the naso-pharynx. At first he practised freely the removal of the tonsils as an aid to recovery from deafness, but in later life experience led him to modify his views, and he performed tonsillectomy much less often. Yearsley learnt, too, the value of an artificial tympanum in the relief of certain forms of deafness, and he very justly recommended the use of the simplest form of film in preference to the more complex tympana employed by some of his contemporaries.
Yearsley was less scientific than either George Pilcher or Joseph Toynbee, and, though original in his views and bold in expressing his opinions, he too often spoilt his cause by his controversial temperament.
As a publisher.
He was the originator and proprietor of the '‘Medical Circular’' from 1852 until it was consolidated with the '‘Dublin Medical Press'’ in January 1866. Jointly with two other members of his profession, Dr. Tyler Smith and Dr. Forbes Benignus Winslow, he founded the ‘'Medical Directory'’, becoming its sole proprietor on the retirement of his two partners.
Published Works.
Yearsley's works were: 
Death.
Yearsley died at his house in Savile Row, London, on 9 July 1869, and was buried at Sutton Bonnington, in Nottinghamshire.
A memorial plaque on his former clinic at 32 Sackville Street, Piccadilly was unveiled on 27 May 1994 which reads "Westminster City Council Dr. James Yearsley, MD, MRCS, LRCP, 1805 - 1869, founded the Metropolitan Ear Institute here in 1838. Mr. Ronnie Yearsley."

</doc>
<doc id="30942640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942640" title="Thomas Yeates (orientalist)">
Thomas Yeates (orientalist)

Thomas Yeates (1768–1869) was an oriental linguist.
Life.
He was the son of John Yeates, a turner, of Snow Hill, London, where he was born on 9 October 1768. He was at first apprenticed to his father, but, showing no taste for the trade, was allowed to pursue studies in Latin and Hebrew. At the age of fourteen he appears to have been employed as secretary to the Society for Promoting Constitutional Information, a radical association which numbered Sir William Jones (1746–1794) among its members, but he can have held this post only a short time.
Following a plan which he had formed of rendering the New Testament into biblical Hebrew, he got into communication with Joseph White, who, shortly after his appointment to the professorship of Hebrew at Oxford, got Yeates a bible clerkship at All Souls' College, Oxford; he matriculated there on 22 May 1802, but never graduated. Though he worked for many years at this translation, and received encouragement from the continent as well as in England, the only portion of it ever published was a specimen which appeared in the third annual report of the London Jews' Society.
From about 1808 to 1815 Yeates was employed by Claudius Buchanan to catalogue and describe his oriental manuscripts brought from India; and for much of this period he lived in Cambridge, where the University Press published (1812) his 'Collation of an India Copy of the Pentateuch;' the copies of this work were presented by the press to Yeates. He also, through Buchanan, obtained employment from the Bible Society, and superintended their editions of the Æthiopic Psalter and the Syriac New Testament.
After Buchanan's death he was helped by Thomas Burgess, bishop of St. David's, who procured for him the secretaryship of the Royal Society of Literature, and in 1823 the post of assistant in the printed book department of the British Museum, which he retained till his death.
He died on 7 October 1839.
Works.
In 1818 he published a work called 'Indian Church History,' compiled chiefly from Assemani and the reports of Buchanan and Kerr, and containing an account of the Christian churches in the East, with an ultra-conservative history of their origin. The same year he produced a 'Variation Chart of all the Navigable Oceans and Seas between latitude 60 degrees N. and S. from Documents, and delineated on a new plan;' and in 1819 a Syriac grammar, the first that ever appeared in English. He was also employed by the publishers of Caleb Ashworth's 'Hebrew Grammar' to revise the third and subsequent editions. In 1830 he published 'Remarks on the Bible Chronology, being an Essay towards reconciling the same with the Histories of the Eastern Nations;' in 1833 'A Dissertation on the Antiquity of the Pyramids;' and in 1835 'Remarks on the History of Ancient Egypt.' His astronomical publications involved him in financial difficulties, which the Literary Fund helped him to meet.

</doc>
<doc id="30942641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942641" title="Erhalt uns, Herr, bei deinem Wort, BWV 126">
Erhalt uns, Herr, bei deinem Wort, BWV 126

History and words.
Bach wrote the chorale cantata in his second year in Leipzig for Sexagesimae and first performed it on 4 February 1725. This means that it was performed only two days after the cantata , for the Purification of Mary on 2 February. The prescribed readings for the Sunday were taken from the Second Epistle to the Corinthians, "God's power is mighty in the week" (), and from the Gospel of Luke, the parable of the Sower (). The cantata is mainly based on the hymn "" by Martin Luther, but also on other hymn stanzas, which frequently appeared together in hymnals of Bach's time; three stanzas of Luther's chorale, are followed by two stanzas of Justus Jonas, Luther's German version of "" (Give peace, Lord, 1531), and a stanza of Johann Walter paraphrasing :2 (1566).
The result are seven stanzas:
The unknown poet of the cantata text kept stanzas 1, 3, 6 and 7 unchanged, expanding 3 by recitative, and reworded 2, 4 and 5 for the respective movements of the cantata. The topic of both, the hymn and the gospel, is obviously God's word, but instead of relating more closely to the parable, the poet concentrates on a general request to God: keep his people faithful to his word, protect them from enemies and provide peace.
Scoring and structure.
The cantata i six movemets is scored for alto, tenor, and bass soloists, a four-part choir, trumpet, two oboes, two violins, viola and basso continuo. 
Music.
A characteristic feature of the opening chorus is a four-note trumpet signal, which is derived from the beginning of the chorale melody, as if to repeat the words "" (Uphold us, Lord) again and again. The motif consists of the three notes of the A minor chord in the sequence A C A E, with the higher notes on the stressed syllables, the highest one on "Herr". The cantus firmus of the chorale is sung by the soprano, the other voices sing in imitation, embedded in an independent concerto of the orchestra. 
The first aria is a prayer, intensified by two oboes. In the middle section the words "" (delight) and "" (scatter) are illustrated by fast runs in the tenor. The second aria, movement 4, is dramatic, especially in the restless continuo. John Eliot Gardiner quotes W. G. Whittaker: Bach’s "righteous indignation at the enemies of his faith was never expressed more fiercely than in this aria". Movement 3 presents the recitative in the alternating voices alto and tenor, but the ornamented chorale as a duet. The chorale melody switches also, given to the voice which enters, whereas the other one continues its recitative by accompanying material. Movement 6 combines the two stanzas from different chorales in a four-part setting.

</doc>
<doc id="30942646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942646" title="Gary Boulanger">
Gary Boulanger

Gary Dale Boulanger (born November 19, 1967 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a jockey and trainer who competed in Canada and the United States and who is currently in Florida. He began his career in 1987 at Tampa Bay Downs then went to the Pacific Northwest where he was the leading jockey for three straight years from 1989 through 1991 at Longacres Racetrack in Washington state. In 1991 he won 247 races, breaking Hall of Fame jockey Gary Stevens record for most wins. 
In 1992 Boulanger moved to race at tracks in California and in 1994 to southern Florida where he enjoyed considerable success. In 1998 he rode Chilito in the Kentucky Derby. From June 2000 and much of 2001, Boulanger worked primarily in Canada where he rode the most successful mount of his career. Aboard Sam Son Farm's filly Dancethruthedawn he won several top races in Canada including the 2001 Canadian Oaks and that country's most important race, the Queen's Plate.
While competing in Florida in the winter of 2005, Gary Boulanger suffered a life-threatening and career-ending injury in a racing accident at Gulfstream Park in the January 30 running of the Mac Diarmida Handicap. Called "one of South Florida's best riders the past several years" by the "New York Times", Boulanger underwent surgery for a ruptured spleen, broken ribs, as well as a detached tendon in his left elbow. The accident caused a blood clot, that surgeons had to extract, which necessitated the removal of a section of his skullcap to avoid damage to the brain from pressure caused by swelling. Following a very lengthy recovery process, in April 2009 Boulanger embarked on a new career race conditioning Thoroughbreds. In September he earned his first win as a trainer at Calder Race Course. On February 17, 2013, Boulanger returned to the saddle at Tampa Bay Downs, finishing 9th aboard Spring a Latch, a horse in which he is also trainer.
Additional reading.
"Jockey: The Rider's Life in American Thoroughbred Racing" by Scott A. Gruender, 2006, ISBN 978-0-7864-2819-9

</doc>
<doc id="30942647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942647" title="Con Murphy">
Con Murphy

Con Murphy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30942650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942650" title="Crabtree Hot Springs, California">
Crabtree Hot Springs, California

Crabtree Hot Springs is a geological phenomenon in Lake County, California about north of Upper Lake. It is located on private property and closed to the public. It lies at an elevation of 2,257 feet (688 m). There is a cluster of four natural hot springs at this location, in an isolated narrow winding steep walled canyon on the north bank of the Rice Fork of the Eel River, about one fourth mile downriver from its junction with Salt Creek. Three of the hot springs are aligned in one area at a large swimming hole, while the fourth hot spring is about 60 feet (18 m) back upriver. The temperature of the hottest spring is , with a flow rate of about per minute.
History.
About 1875, John Fletcher Crabtree (1824-1915), and sons found the hot springs by following a well used Indian trail, and have graded a fair road to reach their springs, on the Eel River, where they invite invalids to try the medicinal qualities of the water. Not only did the Indian believe in the health giving qualities of the mineral waters, but many whites also had absolute faith in the springs as a cure-all. Some people even took sick horses there and swore by the results. No water was commercially bottled here, but the springs was commercialized as a resort but in a very small way.
About 1907, Samuel Tate Packwood (1842-1924), an Upper Lake businessman, bought property at Crabtree Hot Springs, and made plans to set up a resort there. Crabtree lived at the springs for a good many years.
Minerals.
About 1900, in search of quicksilver, two tunnels were driven into the canyon side a short distance downriver from the springs, and although the rock contains noticeable amounts of cinnabar, this mineral was not found in paying quantity.
The serpentine rock at the head of the Eel River is crushed to a green clay or shinning black shales. At Crabtree Hot Springs, the serpentine is exposed in the bed of the creek, with argillaceous shale on both sides. The springs come up at the contact as well as in the serpentine.
The principal spring emerges at the northeast edge of the stream in a natural rock basin at the foot of a small cliff, and yields perhaps a minute of water at in temperature. Considerable gas, probably carbon dioxide issues with the water which is mildly carbonated and is distinctly mineralized by salts of soda, sulfur, and probably also of iron. The pool formed by this spring has long been used for bathing and the water is locally considered efficacious in the treatment of skin and blood diseases.
Twin Valley Road and Indian trails.
At one time, there was an old Indian trail from the springs to Twin Valleys and on to Bartlett Springs. The Crabtree family built the first wagon road from Twin Valleys to Crabtree Hot Springs, and helped build the present road from Twin Valleys to Bartlett Springs. The Crabtree family all moved from the Crabtree Hot Springs area before 1900, and the road to this location was abandoned and soon became impassable. Packwood reopened the wagon road which at that time only went as far as the springs.
Twin Valley Road was constructed by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1933-1934 as a public work relief program for young unemployed men during the depression. Often referred to as the (Off-Highway Vehicle) OHV Corridor, Twin Valley Road (forest road 17N04) is a designated east-west major transportation route across the south end of Mendocino National Forest connecting the Upper Lake and Grindstone Ranger Districts. 
From Twin Valley Road (at the junction of Rice Fork and Salt Creek), there is a one fourth mile trail to the hot springs. The trail follows the river, staying on the north side.
At another time, an Indian trail went from the hot springs down the Rice Fork canyon to the mouth of the river where it entered Gravelly Valley, then crossed the river at the upper end of the valley, then went up Squaw Valley Creek to the north of Big Squaw Valley and over the ridge to the Indian village at Bloody Rock. A portion of this trail is now under Lake Pillsbury.
There was also a well used Indian trail from Upper Lake to the hot springs, as it was a spa for them. The large boulder at the springs is called, Medicine Rock.
Deaths.
Small animals, birds and lizards are often killed on coming down to the river to drink. There is an immense amount of carbonic acid gas bubbling up through the water of the river and that which flows out of the hillside at these hot springs. Sulfuric gas fumes are also present.
J.F. Crabtree.
John Fletcher Crabtree (1824-1915) was born in Virginia on April 13, 1824. When a young man, John moved to Missouri where he met, and then married Elizabeth Davis on November 28, 1844. The couple traveled west to California in 1852, and first homesteaded in Contra Costa County, before finally settling in Lake County around 1866, first at Seigler Canyon. About 1890, John Fletcher Crabtree, his wife Elizabeth, and their sons Alphonzo and William, moved to Twin Valleys which included the Crabtree Hot Springs, which son, Orin Crabtree, had found 10 or 15 years earlier. John built his home about 150 yards southwest from the junction of Rice Fork and Salt Creek, on a bench on land. John and Elizabeth had 12 children (four daughters and eight sons). John F. & Elizabeth Crabtree moved to Upper Lake sometime between 1902 and 1904. He died on April 3, 1915 and is buried in the Upper Lake Cemetery. 
His son, Orin Crabtree, lived there until 1920, when he sold to the Dixon Gun Club. Two of Orin Crabtree's sons (Irvin & Henry) stayed until 1923 to take care of the Dixon Gun club's Horses.
S.T. Packwood.
Sheriff Samuel T. Packwood (1842-1924) served as Kittitas County's second sheriff from 1884-1889. As president of several irrigation canal enterprises, Packwood was a recognized authority, and leader in the promotion and successful completion of large scale irrigation projects. However, Mrs. Packwood suffered from asthma, and with hopes of benefiting her health, the Packwood's moved to Upper Lake in 1905. With gratifying results, her affliction practically disappeared with the change of climate.
In Lake County, Packwood owned a large farm near Upper Lake, served on the Board of Directors of the Farmer's Merchant Bank in Lakeport, and planned to build a resort at Crabtree Hot Springs. About 1907, he concreted the middle hot springs, at the swimming hole, into a small bathtub with drain. Sometime later, the Packwood's moved back to Kittitas County, Washington.
Nearby.
Hale Ridge Research Natural Area (RNA), Mendocino National Forest. Established by the Forest Service in 1987 to represent the Knobcone Pine Forest for the North Coast Ranges, the RNA includes an impressive selection of Knobcone Pine, is a designated critical habitat for the federally protected Northern Spotted Owl, and a winter range for Black-tailed Deer. Within the RNA, dense stands of Knobcone Pine and mixed conifer forest, dominated by Douglas-fir, also provides a dispersal habitat for a Forest Service listed sensitive species, the Northern Goshawk. The RNA northwestern boundary is adjacent to the hot springs. 
Bear Creek Campground (USFS), Mendocino National Forest. Free and open all year, maximum stay 14 days, 16 picnic tables and grilles, and two toilets, elevation 2,000 feet (610 m). Set beside Bear Creek near its confluence with Blue Slides Creek, on Forest Road M-10 (county road 301-C) about northeast from its junction with Elk Mountain Road. Located near the southern edge of the Snow Mountain Wilderness, about northwest of the hot springs.

</doc>
<doc id="30942658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942658" title="Anson Rainey">
Anson Rainey

Anson Frank Rainey (January 11, 1930 – February 19, 2011) was Professor Emeritus of Ancient Near Eastern Cultures and Semitic Linguistics at Tel Aviv University. He is known in particular for contributions to the study of the Amarna tablets, the legendary administrative letters from the period of Pharaoh Akhenaten's rule during the 18th Dynasty of Egypt. He authored and edited books and articles on the cultures, languages and geography of the Biblical lands.
Biography.
Early life.
Anson Rainey was born in Dallas, Texas in 1930. Upon the death of his father that same year he was left with his maternal grandparents.
He entered Brown Military Academy (San Diego, California) from 1943 to 1946. After one semester of study there (as a Cadet Battalion Commander), he served as Assistant Commandant at the Southern California Military Academy (Long Beach, California; Spring Semester, 1947), before transferring to John Brown University (Siloam Springs, Arkansas). 
Education.
From 1948-49 he worked as Assistant Commandant at the Brown Military Academy of the Ozarks, in Sulphur Springs, Arkansas, while attending university. He took the B.A. degree there in Religious Education in August 1949. From 1949-51, he worked as a social worker for the County Welfare Department, San Bernardino, California. He went on to enroll in the California Baptist Theological Seminary (Covina, California), where he took three degrees: M.A. in Old Testament (May 1953); B.D. in Biblical Theology (May 1954); M.Th. in Old Testament (May 1955). 
From September 1953 until May 1954, he was a teaching fellow in Hebrew, Old Testament and New Testament Introduction. In 1954 he was appointed Assistant Professor and taught for two more years. From 1955–56, he studied at the University of California, Los Angeles and completed the B.A. with Honors in August 1956. In 1957, he began graduate study at Brandeis University, where he earned an M.A. in June 1959. He spent a third year of residence (1959–60), studying for his Ph.D He came to Israel in June 1960, as the sole American recipient of the Government of Israel Award. From 1960-61, he studied at the Hebrew University, first in an intensive Hebrew course and then in Archaeology and in the Egyptian, Coptic and Phoenician languages (all in Hebrew). At the same time, he completed the basic research for his doctoral dissertation. In 1961, he returned to Brandeis as a research assistant. Upon completion of his dissertation on the Social Structure of Ugarit, he was awarded his Ph.D. in June 1962. 
However, his main activity for the academic year, 1962–63, was research and study under a grant from the Warburg Fund at the Hebrew University. This award was renewed for 1963-64, and the book that resulted was translated into Hebrew and published by the Bialik Institute (August 1967). It was a revision of the earlier dissertation, expanded to include new source material that had subsequently become available. He began teaching Ugaritic and Akkadian at the Tel Aviv University. From 1965–66, he served as acting chairman of the Ancient Near Eastern Studies Department. In 1966, his status was changed to Lecturer in Semitic Languages. A year later he was appointed Senior Lecturer. In 1970 he was elevated to Associate Professor of Ancient Near Eastern Cultures. The department was reorganized under the title, Archaeology and Ancient Near Eastern Cultures, in which he served as coordinator for Mesopotamian Studies until October 1975. A new department of Semitic Linguistics was also organized, and from 1971-72 he was its acting chairman. He was promoted to the rank of Full Professor of Ancient Near Eastern Cultures and Semitic Linguistics effective July 1, 1981. 
Scholarship.
Rainey served on the editorial boards of "Israel Oriental Studies", an annual, and of "Tel Aviv", a quarterly, both publications of Tel Aviv University. He continued his connection with the American Institute of Holy Land Studies (now the Jerusalem University College), teaching Historical Geography and for six years, from 1964 to 1969, conducting their intensive program of geographical field trips. During the 1960s and 1970s, he pursued additional studies at the Hebrew University in Akkadian, Sumerian and Egyptian. He took a sabbatical leave in 1970-71, during which time he deemed it advisable to remain in Jerusalem to study. For a second sabbatical, he was awarded a grant by the American Council of Learned Societies. On the basis of this award he was able to spend 1976-77 as an Honorary Research Fellow at Harvard University. Grants from the Research for Peace Project of the Tel Aviv University made possible three visits to the Cairo Museum from 1980–82 and the el-‘Amârna Tablets in the Museum were all collated. 
From 1982-85 he began teaching part-time at Bar Ilan University in the Department of Eretz-Israel Studies. During a third sabbatical in 1983-84, he was Visiting Research Scholar at the University of Pennsylvania. During a fourth sabbatical in 1988-89, he was again Visiting Research Scholar at the University. During a fifth sabbatical for 1995-96, he was again Visiting Research Scholar at the University where he also taught a seminar in Northwest Semitic inscriptions. From 1996 until September 30, 1998, he continued to teach as Full Professor at Tel Aviv University. On October 1, 1998 he became Emeritus Professor there but taught a course in Historical Geography during the academic years 1998-99, 1999–2000 and 2000-2001. 
He spent July 1999 in Jordan studying historical geography and archaeology. In August and September 1999 he spent the sabbatical time working at the British Museum collating el-‘Amârna tablets. 66 texts were read and many substantial corrections were discovered. Four days were spent at the Vorderasiatische Museum in Berlin where eleven texts were collated, some with new readings and corrections. Further collations were made at the Metropolitan Museum of New York in November 1999, and at the British Museum and at the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago in January and February 2000, bringing the total of collated texts up to about 100. A third visit to the United Kingdom in April 2001 was made to complete the collation of texts in the British Museum and also those in the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford. Fall 2001 was spent at the University of California, Los Angeles, where consultation began with the Cuneiform Digital Library Initiative in digitizing the Amarna tablets in the Berlin Museum. During the Spring 2002 semester he was invited to teach as a visiting professor of Historical Geography and Ancient Hebrew at Konkuk University in Seoul, South Korea. In August and September 2002 he was a visiting research scholar at the University of Melbourne, Australia. 
From 2002-07 he taught as adjunct professor at Bar Ilan University and Orot College and at the Jerusalem University College. From 2003-04 he spent ten months collating the el-‘Amârna tablets at the Vorderasiatische Museum in Berlin and at other venues in Europe. A completely new edition of the tablets is envisioned along with photographic and internet recording. The edition of the texts and the notes derived from collations will be placed on the internet. During the 53rd Rencontre of the International Association of Assyriologists in Moscow in July 2007, he collated the last three el-‘Amârna tablets (at the Pushkin Museum). 
Death.
Anson Rainey died, aged 81, from pancreatic cancer in Tel Hashomer, Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="30942698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942698" title="Joynes">
Joynes

Joynes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30942718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942718" title="Sam Neves">
Sam Neves

Biography.
Sam (Samuel) Neves is a Pastor in the Seventh-Day Adventist church.
He is currently the Youth Pastor at Stanborough Park Church in Watford, UK.
Originally from Brazil, the son of Nerocy (a retired Police Colonel) and Regina Neves. He moved to the UK to study as a teenager and stayed to complete his ministerial studies at an Adventist College in the UK, Newbold College of Higher Education. His M.A. thesis at Newbold College of Higher Education was on the spiritual messages that could be elucidated from The Matrix series of films. As an intern church Minister he served as Youth Pastor for Holloway Seventh-day Adventist Church in North London.

</doc>
<doc id="30942719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942719" title="Despina Storch">
Despina Storch

Despina Storch or Despina Davidovitch Storch (1894 or 1895 – March 30, 1918) was a Turkish woman who was alleged to be a spy for Germany and the Ottoman Empire during World War I. Storch was later immortalized as "Turkish Delight", "Turkish beauty", and a "modern Cleopatra" in spy literature.
Early life and travels.
Born in Istanbul, Despina married Frenchman Paul Storch when she was 17 years old. Though they later divorced, their former marriage created a peculiar situation due to Paul's service in the French army while his ex-wife was suspected of spying for France's enemies. 
Several factors led American authorities to suspect that Madame Storch was a spy. She traveled the capitals of the world frequently changing her name: "In Paris, for instance, she was known as Madame Nezie; in Madrid and London as Madame Hesketh; in Rome as Madame Davidovitch; at the New York Biltmore, in New York, as Madame Despina, and at the Shoreham, in Washington, as the Baroness de Bellville." That last name, "Baroness de Bellville", was used because she was accompanied almost everywhere by a mysterious Baron Henri de Beville (or de Bellville) in the last months before her arrest.
Despina Storch was a frequent guest at parties due to her remarkable beauty, a fluency in French and her dancing skill. At many parties she had no difficulty getting in contact with military officers who served for Allied forces and ambassadors of countries engaged in the war. 
While in Madrid Despina Storch and the baron were noticed contacting German agents. After the couple became aware of the suspicions they quickly left Spain for Havana.
In the United States.
Later they made their way to the United States. They were accompanied by a German woman, Mrs. Elizabeth Charlotte Nix, and a man who purportedly was a French count named Robert de Clalrmont.
As soon as the "a curious quartette" arrived in the U.S. they were "placed under suspicion by the Department of Justice". 
One factor that aroused the suspicions of the Department of Justice was that she lived a life of a very rich lady, paying $1,000 per month for her stay in a New York hotel. Mrs. Nix also received an unexplained loan of $3,000 from Count Bernstorff. 
Authorities later seized a safe deposit box held for a Madame Storch in a New York bank. It contained important correspondence, with notable people from around the world, some of which was coded. 
At first the co-conspirators were not aware about the scrutiny that they were under, and the Turkish Beauty led a "butterfly existence". She frequented "social affairs", adding new and important admirers to the long list of her suitors. 
When the scrutiny became known to Storch she attempted to send her trunks to Panama, but those were intercepted. Realizing the danger that they were in, the Baron and Storch obtained French passports and made plans to flee to Cuba. After their plans became known to the Justice Department, all four were arrested on March 18, 1918 and sent to Ellis Island. The authorities tried to follow a suspicious money trail left by the four co-conspirators, but were not able to prove nor disprove that espionage had taken place. Eventually the Baron, Storch, and two others were deported from the U.S. as "undesirable".
Death.
While on Ellis Island they all became ill; while three of them recovered, Despina Storch died on March 30 of what was described as pneumonia at age 23. At the time of her death the authorities believed that she died of natural causes, but some publications later indicated that she could have bitten on a poisoned capsule. 
Her funeral took place on April 1, 1918. The "New York Sun" wrote:
Her funeral was attended by her faithful admirer Baron Henri de Beville, his parents, and a secret service agent. The "New York Sun" wrote, "The Baron, whose infatuation for the Turkish spy suspect entangled him in the web of her intrigues, wept silently and cast a last look upon the vault as he was led back to the car." The service was held in a Greek Orthodox Church although no one could present any evidences of which religion Despina Storch practiced.
The United States Government accepted the explanation of the Baron's parents, whose loyalty to France was beyond any doubt, that their son was an innocent victim and that "any suspicion which might have been aroused came from his devotion to Madame Storch."
With the death of their main suspect, the U.S. government realized that the case would never be solved, although the "New York Times" reported her alleged confession just before her death.

</doc>
<doc id="30942729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942729" title="John George, Jr.">
John George, Jr.

John George, Jr. (born July 31, 1946 in Dartmouth, Massachusetts) is an American businessman, farmer, and politician who represented 9th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1989–1991. 
He resigned six months into his second term due to a conflict of interest issue.

</doc>
<doc id="30942736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942736" title="Wilson Pratt Truss Bridge">
Wilson Pratt Truss Bridge

The Wilson Pratt Truss Bridge is a Pratt Truss bridge over the Chapman creek near Chapman, Kansas that was built in 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. It was built by the Canton Bridge Co. and is an excellent example of this type of bridge along with the nearby Chapman Creek Pratt Truss Bridge. The bridge spanning the creek is long. It has a wood deck. There are two additional approach spans on either side of the bridge for a total length of . Due to its location on a dirt road, it has been mostly left alone and does not carry much traffic. It is also denoted as 21-HT-1 and as KSHS Inventory # 041-0000-0169.

</doc>
<doc id="30942793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942793" title="Battle of Mostar">
Battle of Mostar

The Mostar Operation was a series of Yugoslav Partisan military operations in Herzegovina from February 6–15, 1945.
Most of central Herzegovina was part of the District of Hum in the Independent State of Croatia. Mostar was also home to an air field of the Air Force of the Independent State of Croatia.
Partisans took Široki Brijeg on February 6. They took Mostar without resistance on February 14. Upon entering the city, the Partisans took seven Franciscans, including the head of the Franciscan Province Leo Petrović, from the Church of Saint Peter and Paul and executed them. Their bodies were subsequently dumped into the Neretva river.

</doc>
<doc id="30942800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942800" title="Edward Dowse (MP)">
Edward Dowse (MP)

Edward Dowse (1582–1648) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648.
Dowse matriculated at Hart Hall, Oxford aged 15 on 14 October 1597, and was awarded BA on 8 May 1601 and MA on 8 May 1604. He was incorporated at Cambridge University in 1616.
In April 1640, Dowse was elected Member of Parliament for Chichester in the Short Parliament. He was elected MP for Portsmouth in the Long Parliament in November 1640. 
Dowse died in 1648.

</doc>
<doc id="30942804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942804" title="Works of fiction set in 2011">
Works of fiction set in 2011

The following fictional entities are set in the year 2011:

</doc>
<doc id="30942825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942825" title="Sir William Elford, 1st Baronet">
Sir William Elford, 1st Baronet

Sir William Elford, 1st Baronet (August 1749 – 30 November 1837), was an English banker, politician, and amateur artist.
Background.
William Elford of Bickham, Buckland Monachorum, Devon, was the elder son of the Reverend Lancelot Elford, of Bickham, and Grace, daughter of Alexander Wills of Kingsbridge, Devonshire. His family was one of the oldest in the west of England.
Career.
Elford was a partner in the banking firm at Plymouth of Elford, Tingcombe, & Clerk, and was connected in many capacities with the same town. He was mayor of Plymouth in 1797, and recorder from 1798 to February 1833; MP for Plymouth from 1796 to 1806, when he was defeated, and brought an unsuccessful petition against his antagonist, Sir C. M. Pole, bart. He also represented Westbury for some time. In July 1807 he was elected M.P. for Rye, but resigned his seat in July 1808. He was lieutenant-colonel of the South Devon militia, and in that capacity accompanied his regiment to Ireland during the Irish rebellion, 1798-9. On 29 November 1800 he was created a baronet, of Bickham in the County of Devon.
Elford was a friend of William Pitt the Younger; frequently visited Bath, where he was noted as a whist-player; was acquainted with many of the leading literary characters and artists of his day; possessed considerable scientific attainments, and in 1790 was elected fellow of the Royal Society and the Linnaean Society. A few years before his death he published the results of his investigations as to a substitute for common yeast, and his discoveries excited some attention. Elford was also an artist of great excellence; he was a constant contributor to the Royal Academy exhibitions from 1774 to 1837, and his pictures were marked by great taste and good draughtsmanship. The last exhibited by him was painted in his eighty-ninth year. There are two watercolour sketches by him in the print room at the British Museum. His most important picture was 'The White Lady of Avenel,' exhibited in 1822, and now in the possession of his grandson, Colonel Henry Cranstoun Adams of Lion House, Exmouth, and Crapstone, Buckland Monachorum. There is a landscape by Elford at Windsor Castle, which he presented to the prince regent in 1819, and he also presented pictures painted by himself to the University of Oxford and to many of his friends.
Personal life.
Elford lived the latter part of his life at the Priory, Totnes, and was recorder of that borough for some years. He was twice married; his first wife was Mary, daughter and heiress of the Rev. John Davies of Plympton, who died in 1817, leaving one son, Jonathan Elford, who married and died in 1823 without issue, and two daughters, Grace Chard, died unmarried 24 Feb. 1856, and Elizabeth, who became the wife of General Sir George Pownoll Adams, K.C.H.; his second wife was Elizabeth, daughter of Humphrey Hall of Manadon, and widow of Lieutenant-colonel Walrond. He died at that place on 30 November 1837, aged 89, and was buried in the parish church, where there is a tablet to his memory. At Elford's death the baronetcy became extinct. James Northcote was an intimate friend of the Elford family, and painted numerous portraits of them, most of which, with others, are in the possession of the grandson, already mentioned, Colonel H. C. Adams, at Exmouth.
Sir Elford was one of the primary correspondents of the writer Mary Mitford and their correspondence is compiled in two books by Rev. A.G. L'Estrange, "The Friendships of Mary Russell Mitford" published by Harper & Brothers, 1882, and "The Life of Mary Russell Mitford", by the same publisher in 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="30942837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942837" title="Chapman Creek Pratt Truss Bridge">
Chapman Creek Pratt Truss Bridge

The Chapman Creek Pratt Truss Bridge is a Pratt truss bridge located near Chapman, Kansas. The bridge spans Chapman Creek, a branch of the Smoky Hill River, and carries a dirt road called Quail Road. It was built in 1905 by the Canton Bridge Company. The bridge was one of 800 Pratt truss bridges in Kansas as of 1998 and is considered "an excellent example" of one of the most common bridge types in the state.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. According to its National Register nomination, it is also known as 21-HT-02 or as 08583.00436.6.
The National Bridge Inventory has classified the bridge as "structurally deficient".

</doc>
<doc id="30942873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942873" title="Duran Duran (disambiguation)">
Duran Duran (disambiguation)

Duran Duran is an English new wave band.
Duran Duran may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30942888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942888" title="Mimic47">
Mimic47

Mimic47 is the 4th album by Finnish melodic death metal band Diablo. It debuted at #1 on the Finnish albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30942906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942906" title="Elfrieda &quot;Freddy&quot; Hiebert">
Elfrieda &quot;Freddy&quot; Hiebert

Elfrieda "Freddy" Hiebert (born 1948) is an educational researcher whose work examines literacy, learning, early childhood development, teacher development, writing and children's literature. The main thrust of her work addresses literacy learning among at-risk youth in American classrooms. Currently, she is the CEO and President of TextProject, Inc., an agency that is dedicated to bringing beginning and struggling readers to high levels of literacy through a variety of strategies and tools, particularly through using science and social studies texts, used for reading instruction.
Biography.
Elfrieda "Freddy" H. Hiebert received her B.A. in history from Fresno Pacific College, her M.Ed. in Elementary Education from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and her Ph.D. in Educational Psychology from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. She started her career as a classroom teacher for the Clovis (CA) Unified School District before entering graduate school. From 1979-1985, she was on the faculty of the University of Kentucky. During her tenure at the University of Kentucky, she spent a year as a visiting associate professor at the Center for the Study of Reading at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign (1984) where she served as the director of staff for Becoming a Nation of Readers: The Report of the Commission on Reading which, in 1985, was published under the auspices of the Center for the Study of Reading and the National Academy of Education. In 1987, she assumed a professorship at the University of Colorado-Boulder and, in 1994, moved to the University of Michigan. From 1997-1999, she directed the Center for Improvement of Early Reading Achievement (CIERA) at the University of Michigan that included researchers Susan B. Neuman and Nell K. Duke as well as others from Michigan State University, University of Virginia, University of Southern California, and the University of Minnesota. From 2005 to 2010, she was an Adjunct Professor at the University of California, Berkeley. In January 2011, she founded and became CEO/President of TextProject, Inc. 
Among the awards that Hiebert has received in recognition of her contributions as a researcher and educator are the School of Education Alumni Achievement Award from the University of Wisconsin-Madison (2000), William S. Gray Citation of Merit award for outstanding contributions to the field of reading from the International Reading Association (2008), election to the Reading Hall of Fame (2008), and selection as a Fellow of the American Educational Research Association (2011).
Research and Contributions to Educational Practice.
Hiebert has authored or edited 11 books, including the influential report, "Becoming a Nation of Readers", and published over 150 articles in archival journals or chapters in academic volumes. The primary focus of her work has been on identifying text features that support reading development among beginning and struggling readers. She has also contributed to related literatures, particularly on how knowledge of vocabulary influences students' learning from text. Hiebert has recently addressed the issues of how words should be selected for explicit instruction in reading and how word selection differs for narrative compared to informational texts. 
A strand of Hiebert's recent work explores students' facility in applying word recognition skills while reading texts silently. As a result, Hiebert has suggested that "comprehension-based silent reading rate" (or CBSRR) is a critical concept requiring attention from both researchers and instructors.
Research on text complexity and the TExT model.
The main focus of Hiebert's research is identifying appropriate texts for struggling and beginning readers. Beginning with "Becoming a Nation of Readers", Hiebert has been a proponent of alternative models of text difficulty. She has advocated alternatives to conventional readability formulas as well as current updated versions such as lexiles. Hiebert has written extensively about the failure of typical procedures for establishing text difficulty to recognize how the decodability of a word can inflate a text's difficulty. Similarly, she has noted that conventional readability formulas penalize texts that have sufficient repetition for readers to develop automaticity in word recognition and pronunciation. 
As an alternative to current procedures for establishing text difficulty, Hiebert has proposed the Text Elements by Task (TExT) Model . This model evaluates text difficulty by examining two text features that research has shown to have an influence on word recognition among beginning and struggling readers. The features are: (a) the linguistic content of the words in the text (i.e., the letter-sound patterns within the words and the relative frequency of the words in written English), and (b) the cognitive load placed on the reader in processing the linguistic content.
TextProject.org & TextProject, Inc.
Hiebert has sustained a career-long commitment to furthering strong and evidence-based reading instruction. In "Becoming a Nation of Readers", Hiebert and her coauthors (Richard C. Anderson, Judith A. Scott and Ian A.G. Wilkerson) found a wide audience and had a substantial effect on national policy and practice. As director of CIERA, she was responsible for "Every child a reader", a summary of research on effective beginning reading practices. TextProject, Inc.supports struggling and beginning readers by providing (a) books and book lists that are indexed by reading level, (b) lessons for teachers and tutors to use with their students, and (c) analytical reports for teacher educators, school board members, and other decision-makers on the research underlying reading programs and policies.

</doc>
<doc id="30942911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942911" title="John C. Bradford">
John C. Bradford

John C. Bradford (born February 16, 1940 in Middleborough, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented 10th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1985–1993.
References.
After serving eight years in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, John was appointed Administrative Judge to the Massachusetts Board of Industrial Accidents in August of 1992 by former Republican Gov. William Weld. He was one of the top five most productive judges in decision writing and helped to eliminate a 10,000 case back log. John served five years on the Board before retiring in 1997. 
Earlier in his life after graduating from Middleborough High School in 1958, he joined the U.S. Navy in 1959. During his tenure in the Navy he served three years in Argentia, Newfoundland where he met and married Daphne Spurrell of St. John's Newfoundland, in 1961. In 1963 he was honorably discharged from the Navy as Petty Officer second class. He and Daphne then returned to John's home town of Middleborough, MA. but eventually settled in Rochester, MA. where he built a home for his family on Walnut Plain Road in 1976. He lived there for 21 years with his wife and three children, Denise, Allyson and William. John operated his own carpentry business from 1969 to 1984. He contracted to build complete homes from framing to custom built cabinets and interior finish work. He also served on the Town of Rochester Finance Committee from 1983 - 1984.
Attending college at night, John received a B.A. from Bridgewater State College in 1974 with a major in history and a minor in behavioral sciences. In 1995 he completed advanced courses in administrative law at the National Judicial College, American Bar Association. In 1996 he completed a seminar in administrative law at the Flaschner Judicial Institute, Boston, MA. enabling him to better serve as an Administrative Judge. 
Looking for a quiet place to retire, John and his wife Daphne eventually settled in the town of Orland, Maine where they currently reside. He still pursues his interests in politics, history, reading and gardening.

</doc>
<doc id="30942913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942913" title="South African Class 10 4-6-2">
South African Class 10 4-6-2

The South African Class 10 4-6-2 of 1904 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Transvaal.
In 1904 the Central South African Railways placed fifteen Class 10 steam locomotives with a 4-6-2 Pacific type wheel arrangement in service. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered but retained their Class 10 classification.
Manufacturer.
Fifteen Pacific type passenger locomotives, designed by Central South African Railways (CSAR) Chief Locomotive Superintendent P.A. Hyde, were ordered from the North British Locomotive Company (NBL) and delivered in 1904, numbered in the range from 650 to 664. They had plate frames, wide Belpaire fireboxes, outside admission piston valves and Walschaerts valve gear, and were superheated. They were classified as Class 10 by the CSAR.
Features.
At the time, the Class 10 was of an extremely advanced design. At above rail level, its boiler centre line was higher than that of any other locomotive in service in South Africa at the time.
They were to form the basis for further development of the Pacific type that was to become the standard express passenger steam locomotive type in South Africa. They were handsome locomotives and their appearance was enhanced by the use of planished steel plates to cover the boiler and cylinder lagging, and they were equipped with two whistles of different tones and a steam turbine generator to power the "Edwards" headlight.
South African Railways.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act, enacted by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the Cape Government Railways, the Natal Government Railways and the CSAR, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the South African Railways (SAR) came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
When these locomotives were assimilated into the SAR in 1912, they retained the Class 10 classification, but were renumbered in the range from 732 to 746.
Modifications.
Two of the locomotives were later modified by the SAR. Number 745 was equipped with larger diameter tyres on its coupled wheels, while number 746 was altered to suit a Type MP1 tender as well as the other listed permissible tender types. While the Type MP1 tender had the same coal capacity as the Type XM2 that the locomotives were delivered with, it had a larger water capacity.
The rest of the fleet remained unmodified and, unlike their Class 10A, 10B and 10C successors, were never reboilered with Watson Standard boilers.
Service.
The Class 10 was designed for use on the newly laid track of the CSAR, and it was placed in service hauling the fast passenger trains out of Johannesburg to Volksrust on the Natal line and to Klerksdorp on the Cape line. In later years some were relocated to work in the Noupoort area, while the rest were relegated to suburban work on the lines from Germiston to Kliprivier and the Springs-Nigel-Heidelberg branch, or for pick-up work on the Braamfontein-Klerksdorp line.
In 1961 they went to Port Elizabeth, initially to be used on the Uitenhage suburban and finally as shunting engines, until they were scrapped between 1971 and 1972 after 68 years in service.
Sides illustrated.
The main picture and the following show both sides of the Class 10 locomotive.

</doc>
<doc id="30942923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942923" title="Susanne Thorson">
Susanne Thorson

Susanne Thorson (born 12 June 1981) is a Swedish actress. 

</doc>
<doc id="30942936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942936" title="Stouts Mill Bridge">
Stouts Mill Bridge

The Stouts Mill Bridge is a historic camel-back through truss bridge that brings Duskcamp Rd. over Little Kanawha River in Stouts Mill, Gilmer County, West Virginia. The bridge was built in 1897. It was designed and/or built by the Canton Bridge Company.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="30942970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942970" title="Igor Obert">
Igor Obert

Igor Obert (born 14 July 1982 in Partizánske) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for MFK Zemplín Michalovce. His former club were FC Vysočina Jihlava and FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda and Olympiakos Volou.

</doc>
<doc id="30942973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942973" title="Gongqingcheng">
Gongqingcheng

Gongqingcheng () is a county-level city in northern Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China, established on 10 September 2010. It is under the administration of Jiujiang City, to the northeast, and is located north of Nanchang, the provincial capital. Situated in the vicinity of De'an, Yongxiu, and Xingzi Counties, it lies in the foothills of Mount Lu and lies on the western shore of Poyang Lake. With an area of , it is home to 120,000 people, including 68,000 permanent residents. It is the only city in China to be named after the Communist Youth League of China, which in Chinese is abbreviated to "共青团"; hence its name literally means "Communist Youth League City".
History.
During the 1950s and 1960s, hundreds of thousands of students were sent from China's cities into the countryside and directed to become farmers. Gongqing was founded in 1955, when the first group of 98 students from Shanghai were directed to go into the countryside to farm a wilderness area near Poyang Lake. Hu Yaobang, as the leader of the Communist Youth League, made a special trip to the area forty days after the students arrived, and he consoled and ate with them. Hu led the students to a barren area of land in Jiangxi, determined that the current site of Gongqing was suitable for cultivation, and founded the settlement. Hu named the city, writing "gong qing zhen" to describe the results of the students' efforts.
After 37 years, Gongqing gradually grew from a village commune into a small city. It is known by the nickname "Little Shanghai", and has a library, stadium, amusement park, and hospitals. Modern Gongqing is covered by a network of canals, lakes, and rivers, in which fish and ducks are farmed. it has a wide variety of industries, manufacturing textiles, electronics, machinery, building materials, and foodstuffs. It is a center of agriculture, and has industries related to plantation, breeding, and processing agricultural produce.
On May 3, 2010 there was a ground breaking ceremony for "The world's first" digital ecological city. DigiEcoCity LTD of Finland with the help of Nokia Siemens Network will develop a city that will be energy plus self-sufficient, producing more energy then it consumes, and it is also intended to have zero emissions in harmful pollution. "The President of China, Hu Jintao, has set a goal of developing Gongqing into a model city for China's urbanization program."<digiecocity.com>
Administration.
The administrative center for this area is in Jiujiang, Jiangxi Province. Rail and bus connections can be made to both the major cities of Jiujiang and Nanchang. There is a major toll road, 105/316 according to the Collins' map of China, connecting these three cities with Gongqing being roughly in the middle. Buses are plentiful (1.25 hours to Nanchang and improved, 1+ hour to Jiujiang) The local taxi service is cheap, reliable, and plentiful. There are now many high speed trains connecting Nanchang and Jiujang with Gongqing with a new train station, as a stop. Nanchang Changbei International Airport is 30 kilometers to the south.
The area is noted for its ducks and many orange orchards are present. The ducks are important for their feathers used in production of clothes, the most important industry of Gongqing. The Yaya company - once famous all over China for its winter clothes, duck down coats, - is situated here. The tile and clothing industries are the base of the economy with clothing having reportedly 20,000 workers. A large in progress industrial park is expanding this base.
Education.
Gongqing College of Nanchang University, Nanchang University Poyang Hu Campus, is located here with an enrollment of over 10,000 students and in 2012 was given a higher accreditation by Jiangxi Province. Like the city it is expanding. It had a student riot in 2004, which caused considerable damage. A second university is being built.
Twinning.
In 2009 Gongqing became a sister city of the Argentinian city of Marcos Juarez. The two cities formed their partnership in response to an invitation by the Chinese government to the President of the International Business Center for a Productive Argentina, Gustavo Biagiotti. After initial exchanges made by Mr. Biagiotti, official approval was obtained to perform the act of twinning during the Expo Central China 2009, which was held in Hunan. The event involved numerous mayors, prime ministers, ministers, and secretaries from both China and Argentina. The mayor of Marcos Juarez, Eduardo Raul Avalle, signed the twinning agreement on September 22, 2009.
Geography.
Gongqing is located 56 kilometers from Jiujiang, the most northern important city in Jiangxi, and equally far from Nanchang, the provincial capital. Gongqing is located in close to patty fields and a river, reflecting its history as a farming colony. The city covers a few hectares of land, and is approximately 42.7 metres above sea level.
Every year, thousands of white cranes nest on Poyang Lake, China's largest fresh water lake, making it an important bird Sanctuary. The Poyang Lake Ecosystem Research Center is under construction in Gongqing.
Mount Lu, a UNESCO World Heritage site and a place where Chairman Mao and other senior CCP leaders held several historical meetings, is located north of Gongqing.
Tourism.
There is a post office but it does not handle overseas mail. The city has a movie house, a roller rink, and at least four tourist-level hotels. The new Lushan International Golf Club developed by the Jiahao Company of Hong Kong can be found on the city's perimeter.
Restaurants are plentiful, with the more upmarket including Yushan and Chashan, which are also the best hotels. The city also boasts a coffee/karaoke bar: Chengshi kafei (City Coffee). Most hotels will also have karaoke rooms.
Its two hospitals can provide for basic medical problems.
The city does contain a Bank of China in the city center where dollars for yuan can be exchanged but the other four banks in the city are for local currency only. It is very difficult to cash in travelers checks. Three large grocery stores have been added in 2005. As of May 2012 a Walmart was being built. There are plans for the city to expand to 400,000 people.
The city is dusty but has, by Chinese standards, relatively good air and water quality. It is currently under constant construction and there are frequent electric and water stoppages.
Hu Yaobang's Tomb.
Hu Yaobang's tomb, the most impressive tomb of any senior leader in the history of the People's Republic of China, is arguably the most impressive site in Gongqing. The tomb can be seen from a great distance, and is marked by a huge plaque engraved with Hu's portrait. Because Hu died when he was 73, the tomb's architect build 73 steps from ground level to the entrance to the tomb. The view from the tomb's entrance is "breathtaking". There is an engraving beside the tomb of Hu's achievements to the Communist cause.
A ceremony, led by Chinese prime minister Wen Jiabao, was held in Beijing in November 2005 to commemorate the popular leader for the first time since his death. A similar event was also held in Gongqing later the same winter.
Administrative Divisions.
The only subdistrict is Chashan Subdistrict (茶山街道)
Towns:
Transportation.
To the west lie the Beijing–Kowloon Railway, Nanchang–Jiujiang Intercity Railway, China National Highway 105, and the Changjiu Expressway (昌九高速公路). Nanchang Changbei International Airport is to the south

</doc>
<doc id="30943000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943000" title="MEV Rocket, Atomic, tR1ke, Missile, Eco-Exo and Exocet">
MEV Rocket, Atomic, tR1ke, Missile, Eco-Exo and Exocet

The MEV Rocket was the first exoskeletal kit car, exoskeleton car to be produced. It was launched in 2007 by MEV Ltd. U.K 

</doc>
<doc id="30943012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943012" title="1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 4 × 400 metres relay">
1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 4 × 400 metres relay

These are the results of the Women's 4 x 400 metres relay event at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics in Athens, Greece.
Results.
Heats.
Qualification: First 3 of each heat (Q) plus the 2 fastest times (q) advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30943016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943016" title="Jacotin">
Jacotin

Jacotin or Jacob Godebrye (died 24 March 1529) was a Franco-Flemish singer and composer. He was born in Flanders between 1440 and 1450, and was the choral vicar at the collegiale of Antwerp, became a chaplain and later took orders. From 1479 to 1528 he was a singer at Onze Lieve Vrouw (Notre Dame) in Antwerp. He was a contrapuntist, and his motets, chansons and masses were published in several extant collections. He died at Antwerp.

</doc>
<doc id="30943025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943025" title="Summer Tan">
Summer Tan

Summer Tan (1952-1969) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse
Background.
Summer Tan was bred and raced by Dorothy Firestone Galbreath and race conditioned by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame trainer, Sherrill Ward.
Racing career.
1954: two-year-old season.
At age two, Summer Tan won major races in his age group such as the United States Hotel Stakes, the Cowdin Stakes in track record time, the Youthful Stakes, the Garden State Stakes and finished second in the Hopeful and Belmont Futurity Stakes. While Nashua was voted the 1954 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt, Summer Tan was assigned top weight of 128 lbs on Frank E. Kilroe's Experimental Handicap.
In early November 1954, shortly after his win in the Garden State Futurity, Summer Tan fell seriously ill and was diagnosed as suffering from an arterial blood clot.
1955: three-year-old season.
In January, his handlers announced that Summer Tan had still not recovered enough to race and would not start in the Flamingo Stakes, a scheduled early prep on the road to the Kentucky Derby.
Later career.
At age four, Summer Tan won three important races including the prestigious Pimlico Special. He also set a new track record for 1 5/8 miles on dirt at Jamaica Racetrack in New York while winning the Gallant Fox Handicap. In his final year of racing in 1957, the then five year-old won the McLennan Handicap at Hialeah Park Race Track in Hialeah, Florida.
Stud record.
Summer Tan was retired to stud duty at the Galbreath family's Darby Dan Farm in Lexington, Kentucky where he met with good success. His offspring includes Summer Scandal, the 1966 American Champion Older Female Horse, plus multiple stakes race winners, Indian Sunlite and Sunrise County. Summer Tan was also the damsire of Typecast, the 1972 American Champion Older Female Horse, and 1985 Breeders' Cup Classic winner, Proud Truth.
Summer Tan died of a heart attack at age seventeen on October 16, 1969 and was buried in the equine cemetery at Darby Dan Farm.

</doc>
<doc id="30943057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943057" title="Sergei Trishatny">
Sergei Trishatny

Sergei Iosifovich Trishatny ( — after ) was an elder brother of Alexander Trishatny, with whom he worked in the supreme bodies of the Union of the Russian People ("URP"), a loyalist right-wing nationalist party, the most important among Black-Hundredist monarchist and antisemitic political organizations in the Russian Empire of 1905–1917. In 1905–1908 he was a secretary of the URP. In January 1920, he was detained and in April 1920, he escaped from a detention camp. After that, all traces of him were lost.
Biography.
Sergei Iosifovich Trishatny was born on . Graduated the law faculty of the Petersburg University. Biographers point at his contacts with Pyotr Rachkovsky — the famous chief of Okhrana, the secret service of the Russian Empire, an antisemit by devotion. In November 1902 "Rachkovsky" returned from Paris (supposedly bringing the notoriously known "Protocols of the Elders of Zion" with himself) to Petersburg.
When the Russian revolution of 1905 began, "Sergei Trishatny" was a barrister. In October 1905 together with his younger brother, Alexander Trishatny took part in the organization of the Union of the Russian People (URP) under the leadership of Alexander Dubrovin. When on the founding of the "Union of the Russian People" was formally announced, "Sergei Trishatny" was appointed a Secretary, while his brother "Alexander Trishatny" became the deputy chairman of the Main Board () of this union, headed by Dr.Dubrovin.
Sergei Trishatny is named as the organizer of terroristic combat squads () which shot and murdered political opponents of URP, from deputies of Duma to the left-wing functionaries. In 1907–1908 following growing internal conflicts and power struggle in the URP Trishatny withdrew from his active participation in the Union. From 1908 he worked as legal adviser to the Central Post Office in St. Petersburg.
After the October revolution of 1917, Trishatny did not emigrate and went to work for the Soviets. In December 1918 he got a job as an auditor of the Food committee of Nikolaevskaya railway. A year after, on he was detained by the Cheka of Petrograd which was investigating the URP case at that time, as once a member of this union. In 3 weeks, on the investigator found no corpus delicti in Trishatny's testimony and released him from detention.
Five days later, on the Cheka of Petrograd decided to detain Trishatny "as an ex-member of the URP" upon lifting of martial law in the city. Trishatny worked a camp in Petrograd until , when he escaped. On , the Cheka officially put Trishatny on its wanted list. His ultimate fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="30943072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943072" title="Renaissance (Diablo album)">
Renaissance (Diablo album)

Renaissance is the 2nd studio album by Finnish thrash metal band Diablo. It debuted at #14 on the Finnish albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30943078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943078" title="Martin Wallström">
Martin Wallström

Carl Martin Gunnar Wallström Milkéwitz (born 7 July 1983 in Uddevalla) is a Swedish actor. He was trained at the University of Gothenburg's Academy of Music and Drama from 2004 to 2008. Wallström is married with Swedish actress Lisa Linnertorp.

</doc>
<doc id="30943087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943087" title="Anders Michael Heiberg">
Anders Michael Heiberg

Anders Andreas Michael Heiberg (1767 – 1815) was a Norwegian juirst and politician. He was born in Bergen. He represented Fredrikstad at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="30943103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943103" title="Elcock">
Elcock

Elcock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30943121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943121" title="Woolcock">
Woolcock

Woolcock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30943122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943122" title="Brian King">
Brian King

Brian Franklin Vernon King (3 January 1938 – 22 November 2006) was an assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney.
King was educated at Sydney Boys' High School and the University of New South Wales. After studying at Moore Theological College he was ordained in 1965. He was a curate at Manly and then rector of Dural. After further incumbencies at Wahroonga and Manly he was appointed Bishop of the Western Region (Sydney diocese) in 1993. He was also concurrently bishop to the Australian Armed Forces. He retired in 2002 and is married to Pamela King.

</doc>
<doc id="30943131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943131" title="Severin Cornet">
Severin Cornet

Severin Cornet ( – March 1582) was a Franco-Flemish singer, conductor and composer. He was born about 1530 in Valenciennes and studied music in Naples. After completing his education, he served for a while at Mechlin, took a position as singer in Antwerp, and later a position as music director for the Archduke in Innsbruck where he worked from 1572 until 1581. He composed a number of vocal works, including polyphonic madrigals and French chansons in the Italian style, and published a book of "villaneche" in Antwerp in 1563 with Genoese sponsorship. Cornet died in Antwerp.

</doc>
<doc id="30943150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943150" title="Yangsan Stadium">
Yangsan Stadium

Yangsan Stadium is a stadium in Yangsan, South Korea. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 spectators and opened in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="30943157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943157" title="Ján Marcin">
Ján Marcin

Ján Marcin (born 7 September 1985) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Thai Premier League club Sisaket FC.

</doc>
<doc id="30943162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943162" title="Capture of Muscat (1552)">
Capture of Muscat (1552)

The Capture of Muscat occurred in 1552, when an Ottoman fleet under Piri Reis attacked Muscat, modern Oman, and seized the town from the Portuguese. These events followed the important Ottoman defeat in the Second Siege of Diu in 1546, which put a stop to their attempts in India, but also the successful Capture of Aden (1548), which allowed the Ottomans to resist to the Portuguese in the northwestern part of the Indian Ocean.
The city, before then a possession of the King of Hormuz, had been in Portuguese hands since 1507, when a Portuguese fleet under Afonso de Albuquerque attacked the city, destroyed it, and then back soon after to occupy it.
The Ottomans attempted to intervene against the Portuguese presence, and four Ottoman ships bombarded the city in 1546.
The city would again be attacked by the Ottomans in 1552 with a larger fleet under Piri Reis and Seydi Ali Reis. The ultimate objective was to seize the islands of Hormuz and Bahrain, in order to block Portuguese access to the Persian Gulf and thus reestablish Ottoman control of the Indian Ocean Trade. 
The Ottoman force consisted in 4 galleons, 25 galleys, and 850 troops (according to Diogo do Couto, the Ottomans had 15 galleys and 1200 troops ). The recently built Fort Al-Mirani was besieged for 18 days with one piece of Ottoman artillery brought on top of a ridge. Lacking food and water, the 60 Portuguese garrison and its commander, João de Lisboa, agreed to surrender, only to be taken as captives. The fort was captured and its fortifications destroyed. 
Soon however the Ottomans departed. Ultimately, they managed to occupy and control the coasts of Yemen, Aden and Arabia, as far north as Basra, so as to facilitate their trade with India and block the Portuguese from attacking the Hijaz. 
The Ottomans again attacked the Portuguese possessions of the coast of India in 1553, with a raid on the Pearl Fishery Coast of South India around Tuticorin. They were assisted by the Marakkar Muslims of Malabar, and had the tacit agreement of Vittula Nayak of Madurai. 52 Portuguese were captured at Punnaikayal, and churches burnt down. The Ottomans failed however in 1553 against a Portuguese fleet at sea near al-Fahl.
Seydi Ali Reis and his galleys would be taken in an ambush by Portuguese forces while he was trying to bring back his float from Basra to Suez in August 1554.
Three Ottoman galleys would again occupy Muscat in 1581, and let the population escape, before the city again fell into Portuguese hands in 1588.

</doc>
<doc id="30943165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943165" title="Steven Shingler">
Steven Shingler

Steven Shingler is a professional rugby union player for the Scarlets. His favoured position is Fly-half but he also plays centre and full-back.
His older brother Aaron Shingler is a Wales international rugby union player.
Career.
Early years.
Shingler played youth rugby for Hendy RFC. He also played for Scarlets U18 from 2009 to 2011 and has represented Wales Under-20s at fly-half
Llanelli and Scarlets.
Shingler made his competitive debut for Llanelli RFC in 2009 against Cross Keys. He played for the Scarlets in four games, two of which were pre-season fixtures against Gloucester and Worcester. He also played for the Scarlets in their LV=Cup games, against Leeds and London Irish, scoring 20 points against the Exiles. During this time he produced some quality displays for the Scarlets in the Anglo-Welsh Cup.
Llanelli director of rugby Anthony Buchanan described Shingler as a kicker of "international standard".
London Irish.
Shingler signed for London Irish on a two-year deal, starting in 2011-2012 season.
Return to the Scarlets.
In January 2013 it was confirmed Steven Shingler would rejoin the Scarlets for the 2013-14 season
International.
Steven Shingler was born in Swansea, Wales and represented Wales Under-20's on fourteen occasions. On 17 November 2011 he stated his commitment to break into the Wales senior squad.
On 5 January 2012, Shingler was named in the provisional Scotland squad for the 2012 Six Nations, based on the fact that his mother was born in Dumfries, Scotland. However, due to his appearances for Wales u-20, the WRU contested this call up, stating that Wales had officially declared their u-20 squad as their second XV at the time, which they understood made Shingler ineligible to represent any country other than Wales under the 'capture' rules. The Scottish Rugby Union defended their selection, saying that Shingler had refused to sign a document tying himself to Wales and believed he was eligible to play internationally for Scotland. However the WRU challenged this position, and the IRB ruled that Shingler was only eligible to play for Wales, and not Scotland. In May 2012 an IRB appeal hearing confirmed the earlier ruling that Shingler can only represent Wales.
In May 2013 he was selected in the Wales national rugby union team 32 man training squad for the summer 2013 tour to Japan. He was also selected for the full national squad tour to South Africa in June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30943172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943172" title="Judkins">
Judkins

Judkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30943178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943178" title="Manuel Casimiro">
Manuel Casimiro

Manuel Casimiro (born 1941) is a Portuguese painter, sculptor, designer and film director. He was born in Porto, Portugal, where he is currently living. Manuel Casimiro has spent a large part of his life living abroad, especially in Nice, France where he went to live after he was wounded in Portuguese Angola during the Portuguese Colonial War.
Manuel Casimiro is the son of film director Manoel de Oliveira
Life.
Manuel Casimiro was born in a quite affluent family but only decided to devote himself entirely to his artistic pursuit after the Angolan war where he fought and was wounded. When he left Portugal to live abroad, mainly in Nice, France, he did not rely on family resources and lived in semi-poverty for many years. The generous friendships that he forged during that period helped him through his hardship and were to last for his whole life, particularly with people such as Vincent Descombes, Jean-François Lyotard, Michel Butor. The articles they published on Manuel Casimiro’s work account for their appreciation of the man and the artist. 
In 1978 he lived for one year in New York where his first major collective exhibition took place. He managed to sell a few painting which enabled him to travel Northern European countries and Italy where he spent some time, especially in Venice. There he met and photographed Peggy Guggenheim in her foundations, only shortly before she died in 1979. This meeting was to have a lasting influence on Manuel Casimiro and the photography was to become the subject matter for an intervention.
Selected exhibitions.
Manuel Casimiro has presented many individual and collective exhibitions and here are listed some of the major ones.
The Ovoid.
When considering Manuel Casimiro’s work it is necessary to bear in mind that he gives a paramount importance to the idea within the work of art, the “cosa mentale” in Leonardo da Vinci’s words. The ovoid, and its use in interventions and other works, provides a focal point around which the work of art is re-evaluated and reconsidered. The artists himself seldom talks about the ovoid leaving it to the spectator to supply meaning within that void form.

</doc>
<doc id="30943192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943192" title="Ralph Mitterling">
Ralph Mitterling

Ralph "Sarge" Mitterling (April 19, 1890 – January 22, 1956) was an American football, basketball, and baseball player and coach. He played Major League Baseball as an outfielder for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season. Mitterling served as the head football coach at Susquehanna University in 1923 and at East Stroudsburg State Teachers College, now East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania, from 1926 to 1935, compiling a career college football record of 42–39–7. He was also the head basketball coach at Ursinus College from 1919 to 1921, tallying a mark of 17–28, and the head baseball coach at the University of Pittsburgh from 1939 to 1954, amassing a record of 89–106–1. Mitterling died on January 22, 1956 at Veteran's Hospital in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="30943195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943195" title="Barney Barton">
Barney Barton

Barney Barton is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe. He first appeared in "Avengers" vol.1 #64 (May. 1969) and was created by Roy Thomas and Gene Colan. Barney is the older brother of Clint Barton, the superhero known as Hawkeye. In ' #1 (2011), written by Jim McCann and illustrated by Paco Diaz, Barney Barton was re-introduced as a costumed supervillain called Trickshot after usurping the codename from Buck Chisholm, the original Trick Shot.
Publication history.
Barney Barton was introduced as Hawkeye's brother in "Avengers" vol. 1 #64 (May 1969). The character would go on to appear in Hawkeye related storylines and titles in "Avengers" vol. 1 #65 (June 1969), "Avengers" vol. 1 #228 - 229 (Feb. - March 1983), "Hawkeye" vol. 1 #1 (Sept. 1983), "Solo Avengers" #2 (Jan. 1988) and "Hawkeye" vol. 3 #1 - 6 (Dec. 2003 - May 2004). 
The limited series "" #1 - 4 (April - July 2011) saw Barney Barton return as a costumed supervillain known as Trickshot. He later went on to join Norman Osborn's new Dark Avengers in "New Avengers" vol. 2 #18 - 22 (Jan. - April 2012) and "Avengers" vol. 4 #24 (May 2012).
Trickshot began appearing as a regular character in the "Dark Avengers" series, beginning with "Dark Avengers" #175.
Fictional character history.
Barney Barton was born in Waverly, Iowa. He lost both his parents at a young age when his father, an abusive alcoholic, lost control of his car and collided with a tree. Barney and his younger brother Clint were sent to an orphanage. They stayed there for six years before running away to join the Carson Carnival of Travelling Wonder as roustabouts. The Swordsman, a member of the carnival with a popular swordplay act, selected Clint to be his new assistant. Feeling overlooked, Barney became jealous and bitter. Later, when Clint was severely injured at the hands of the Swordsman for discovering his embezzlement scheme, Barney condemned his brother for not remaining loyal to his mentor. Barney, having had enough of the carnival, decided to enlist in the army. He suggested that Clint should join him and make a fresh start. Clint declined his offer. Barney told his brother that the offer still stood, and he would wait for him if he changed his mind. The next morning, Barney stood at the bus depot, waiting and hoping his brother would change his mind. When Clint didn't show, a sorrowful Barney got on the bus and left his old life behind. As the bus was departing, Clint arrived, having changed his mind. However, he was too late.
Barney later became an FBI agent. His first assignment was to work undercover as a bodyguard for a criminal called Marko. Unbeknown to him, Clint and his new mentor Trick Shot attempted to rob the criminal's mansion. Barney was shot with an arrow by Clint. When Clint learned what he had done, he refused to leave his brother's side and turned against Trick Shot. Trick Shot wounded Clint with an arrow and left.
His next undercover assignment was to pose as a racketeer. He was approached by Egghead, who offered Barney a place on his villainous space-station in exchange for funds. When Barney declined the offer, Egghead (actually a robot sent by the real Egghead) attacked him. With his bodyguards slain, Barney went to the Avengers (whose ranks included his brother Clint, then using the Goliath identity) to help stop the supervillain. Barney and the Avengers battled Egghead and his robot soldiers inside the villain's space-station. During the battle, Barney sacrificed his life to destroy Egghead's deadly ray-projector. After the funeral, Clint received a letter from FBI agent Allan Scofield revealing Barney's double life. The letter also revealed that Barney was aware of Clint's double life.
Unbeknownst to Hawkeye and the Avengers, Barney's body was stolen by Egghead. Egghead discovered that Barney was still displaying faint vital signs and placed him in a healing chamber. Later, Egghead was inadvertently killed by Hawkeye in a battle with the Avengers, leaving Barney suspended and forgotten in the healing chamber. He was later discovered by Baron Zemo. Zemo, who held a personal grudge against Hawkeye, manipulated Barney to turn against his brother. Barney and his new "benefactor" enlisted Hawkeye's former mentor Trick Shot (whose cancer had returned) to train him to be as proficient with a bow and arrow as his brother. Once the training was completed, Trick Shot was badly beaten and his cancer was allowed to fester. Barney then delivered a dying Trick Shot to Avengers Tower as a message to Hawkeye. Later, while investigating his former mentor's death, Hawkeye was ambushed by his brother. Declaring himself as the new Trick Shot (altering it to Trickshot), Barney subdued Hawkeye and delivered him to Baron Zemo. Zemo had the brothers duel to the death. Hawkeye (despite going blind from a previous injury with the third Ronin) managed to best Trickshot in battle. Before teleporting away, Zemo transferred Trickshot's criminal funds over to the "victor" Hawkeye, then taunted the hero for turning his brother against him. In custody, Trickshot agreed to a bone marrow transplant to save his brother's sight, but only so he could battle Hawkeye again in the future.
Norman Osborn later fakes Trickshot's death in his hospital bed as Norman invites Trickshot to join his second incarnation of the Dark Avengers. Despite the new team's initial success, he was finally defeated in a fight with Mockingbird when he underestimated her capabilities as Mockingbird having recently been enhanced by the Super-Soldier Serum/Infinity Formula hybrid. After being arrested, Trickshot and the rest of the villains (save for Superia and Gorgon) are offered reduced sentences in exchange for signing on with the Thunderbolts program. Barney remains with the team until the Dark Avengers escape their handlers and disband.
Sometime after dissolution of the group, a homeless and disheveled Barney goes to live with Clint, with whom he apparently reconciled, at his new apartment.
Powers and abilities.
Barney Barton is a highly trained former FBI agent and is a proficient marksman, exceptional athlete and skilled hand-to-hand combatant with incredible reflexes. He was later trained by Buck Chisholm, the same man who trained Hawkeye, to become a highly skilled archer displaying uncanny accuracy. As Trickshot, Barney uses a variety of razor sharp arrows, including trick arrows such as explosive arrows and bola arrows.

</doc>
<doc id="30943208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943208" title="Entre el Amor y los Halagos">
Entre el Amor y los Halagos

"Entre el Amor y los Halagos" (English: "Between Love and Flattery") is the third single from Ricky Martin's second solo album "Me Amarás". It was released on January 4, 1994. 
The song reached number twelve on the Hot Latin Songs in the United States.
Formats and track listings.
Latin America promotional CD single

</doc>
<doc id="30943219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943219" title="Christopher Borgersen Hoen">
Christopher Borgersen Hoen

Christopher Borgersen Hoen (26 August 1767 - 17 May 1845) was a Norwegian farmer and politician.
Christopher Hoen was born on the Vollestad farm in Eiker, in the county of Buskerud, Norway. Christopher Hoen was one of the richest and most influential farmers in the area. Hoen was also a prominent Haugean and supporter of revivalist and lay minister Hans Nielsen Hauge. In 1797 he held a prayer meeting for the local farmers together with Hans Nilsen Hauge . The meeting ended with an attempt to arrest both men. It ended with some of the farmers created a diversion while Hoen and Hauge escaped.
Hoen enjoyed a great reputation and was well trusted. During the emergency war years 1807-1808, he was entrusted with the distribution of moss-like grain surrogate for the poor, and he managed the Eiker granary from 1810-24. He represented Buskerud at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814, together with Frederik Schmidt who was vicar of Eger and Johan Collett who was County Governor of Buskerud.

</doc>
<doc id="30943234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943234" title="Henry Cotton (judge)">
Henry Cotton (judge)

Sir Henry Cotton (20 May 1821 – 22 February 1892) was a British judge. He was a Lord Justice of Appeal from 1877, when he was made a Privy Counsellor, until his retirement in 1890.
Early life.
He was born in Leytonstone. 
His father William Cotton later became Governor of the Bank of England. 
His brother William Charles Cotton was a clergyman and beekeeper. 
His sister Sarah married Sir Henry Acland, who founded Acland Hospital in her memory. 
He attended Eton College, and later Christ Church, Oxford, where he was a student until 1852. He graduated B.A. in 1843. 
Career.
He entered Lincoln's Inn in 1843 and was called to the bar in 1846. 
He quickly acquired a large practice in the equity courts, and through the influence of his father was appointed standing counsel to the Bank of England. 
In 1866, he took silk and attached himself to the court of Vice-chancellor (Sir) Richard Malins, where he shared the leadership with Mr. W. B. Glasse. 
Among the important cases in which he was engaged were the liquidation of Overend, Gurney, & Co.; the King of Hanover "v." the Bank of England; Rubery "v". Grant; Dr.Hayman "v". the Governors of Rugby School; and the Republic of Costa Rica "v". Erlanger. 
In 1872 he was appointed standing counsel to the university of Oxford, and shortly afterwards only went into court on a special retainer.
He became Lord Justice of Appeal in 1877 upon the death of Sir George Mellish.
He sworn on the privy council, and knighted.
Family life.
He was an avid sportsman, having been an oarsman at Eton, and in later life a skater.
On 16 August 1853 he married Clemence Elizabeth, daughter of Thomas Streatfeild.
His father's Wallwood estate was sold off posthumously in 1874, but Henry Cotton set aside and donated a plot of land upon which St. Andrew's Church in Leytonstone was built.
His youngest son Hugh Benjamin Cotton (1871–1895) was featured in a "Vanity Fair" caricature on 15 March 1894 as president of the Oxford University Boat Club, but died of lung illness the following year in Davos-Platz, Switzerland.
Through his grandfather Joseph Cotton (1746–1825), Henry Cotton was a cousin of the African explorer William Cotton Oswell and a first cousin once removed of Henry John Stedman Cotton.

</doc>
<doc id="30943236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943236" title="Robert Milchrist Cannon">
Robert Milchrist Cannon

Robert Milchrist Cannon was a United States Army Lieutenant General. He was notable for his World War II service in the China Burma India Theater and his command of Sixth United States Army.
Early life.
A member of Utah's prominent Cannon family, Robert Milchrist Cannon was born on August 16, 1901 in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Start of military career.
Cannon attended the University of Utah for two years before transferring to the United States Military Academy. He graduated in 1925, received a commission as a Second Lieutenant in the Field Artillery branch, and was initially assigned to Fort D.A. Russell, Wyoming.
In 1927 Cannon completed the Army Air Corps Primary Flying School.
Cannon attended the Battery Officers Course in 1931.
In 1938 Cannon graduated from the Army Command and General Staff College.
Prior to World War II Cannon served as an instructor at the Army's Fort Sill, Oklahoma Field Artillery School.
World War II.
In World War II Cannon served in the China-Burma-India Theater, advancing to brigadier general and chief of staff for the Northern Combat Area Command.
Post World War II.
After World War II Cannon served as chairman of an Army board which interviewed and made recommendations on applicants for commissions as officers. He also served as Assistant Chief of Staff for Logistics, G-4 for Sixth United States Army.
In 1948 Cannon attended the Basic Airborne Course in preparation for his assignment to the 82nd Airborne Division, afterwards taking command of the Division Artillery.
Cannon served as commander of the U.S. Army Advisory Group in Turkey from 1951 to 1952.
From 1952 to 1953 Cannon was head of the Army Audit Agency.
Cannon then served as Chief of the Joint U.S. Military Advisory Group which advised the Philippine government during its effort to stop the Hukbalahap insurgency.
Following his Philippines assignment, Cannon was appointed Service Special Assistant to the Joint Chiefs of Staff for Mutual Defense Advisory Pact Affairs.
Later military career.
Cannon served as Deputy Commander and Chief of Staff for United States Army Pacific, receiving promotion to Lieutenant General.
In 1958 Cannon was a participant in the ceremony used by the Army to select World War II and Korean War remains for placement in the Tomb of the Unknowns.
From 1959 until his 1961 retirement General Cannon served as commander of the Sixth United States Army.
Awards and decorations.
Cannon's awards included the Distinguished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit and the Bronze Star Medal.
Retirement and death.
General Cannon retired to San Francisco. He died in Norwalk, Connecticut on September 3, 1976 after being stricken while visiting his daughter JoAnne Schwartz in Wilton, Connecticut. He was buried in San Francisco National Cemetery, Plot H-35.
Personal.
While stationed at Fort Sheridan, Illinois in 1928 Cannon married Josephine Riter (1902–1991), a member of another family prominent in Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="30943250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943250" title="Mike Murphy (baseball)">
Mike Murphy (baseball)

Michael Jerome Murphy (1888–1952) was an American Major League Baseball catcher. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals during the season and the Philadelphia Athletics during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="30943254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943254" title="Chiba Sports Center Stadium">
Chiba Sports Center Stadium

Chiba Sports Center Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Chiba, Chiba, Japan. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30943256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943256" title="Lakland Decade">
Lakland Decade

The Lakland Decade is a dual-pickup, solid-body electric bass guitar made by Chicago-based Lakland Musical Instruments. 
Released in 2004 to celebrate the company's 10th anniversary, the U.S.-made Decade is available in a variety of configurations. The mid-priced Skyline series is constructed of a mahogany body, maple neck, and rosewood fingerboard and equipped with Lakland's Chi-Sonic pickups.

</doc>
<doc id="30943264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943264" title="Tottori Athletics Stadium">
Tottori Athletics Stadium


</doc>
<doc id="30943265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943265" title="I... Dreaming">
I... Dreaming

I... Dreaming is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage, released in 1988. The film features a soundtrack of Stephen Foster songs, composed by Joel Haertling.
Production.
"I... Dreaming" was described by Brakhage as "extremely autobiographical," and was produced at one of the lowest points in his life, following his separation from wife Jane. Unlike most of the director's works, the film features a soundtrack. Brakhage took a "collage" of Stephen Foster songs, composed by Joel Haertling, and set images to the music. The soundtrack often "jumps" abruptly from one musical phrase or song to another.
Brakhage also scratched chosen song lyrics, such as "sweet spirit" and "see the dark void," directly onto the film emulsion. The visuals interchange between images of Brakhage, appearing a weary old man, and the restless movements of his grandchildren, sometimes captured with a time-lapse camera. The film is composed of "small, minimalist images" and often uses a steady, mounted camera.
Reception.
"I... Dreaming" is often commented upon for its use of soundtrack, an atypical element in Brakhage's work. The film has been likened to the director's earlier "trance films," such as "The Way to Shadow Garden" (1954) and "Reflections on Black (1955)", as well as the work of contemporaries Maya Deren, Kenneth Anger, and Gregory Markopoulos. Malcolm Cook, writing for "Senses of Cinema", described "I... Dreaming" as "an emotional experience." Laurel Gildersleeve writes that the film "elicits a melancholy and cold emptiness," and communicates the loss of vitality that comes with growing older. R. Bruce Elder considered the film significant in Brakhage's oeuvre, in that it, alone among Brakhage’s work, challenges the idea of “mind as creating the world anew, with every passing moment, in a triumphant act of the imagination.” Fred Camper praised the imagery of "I... Dreaming"' as "poetic and suggestive," and interpreted the scratching of phrases as Brakhage acknowledging the impossibility of transcending his sadness.

</doc>
<doc id="30943278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943278" title="Pete Moore (composer)">
Pete Moore (composer)

Pete Moore, born in London,England, was a British composer and arranger for a string of famous artistes since the 1950/60s.
Beginning in 1958, he worked with such greats as Bing Crosby, Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, Peggy Lee, Frankie Laine, Connie Francis and Peter Sellers, amongst others, on all manner of broadcasts & recordings. Pearl & Dean's legendary signature tune is one of the most famous and best-loved tracks played in British movie houses - its distinctive staccato sound evokes the very smell of popcorn and hot dogs.
Moore wrote the Pearl & Dean anthem, "Asteroid", just 28 seconds long. The original screen titles featured graphics intended to emulate advertising panels flashing past as if the viewer was being sucked into the very screen.
By the early 1990s, commercials and trailers were given the full stereo treatment, but the original Asteroid was only ever produced purely as a mono track. Remarkably, not only was the original composer/producer tracked down but Moore was also able to locate two of the three original male singers who could still replicate their vocal parts three decades on.
In 1995, Goldbug (fronted by ex-Beatmaster’s man, Richard Walmsley) sampled the Pearl & Dean anthem and made the number two singles slot with their version of Whole Lotta Love. As Asteroid’s enters its fifth decade, it's a tune that the world of TV and Radio know can immediately capture/create the magic of the British cinema in just a couple of seconds. The visual titles too are just as familiar to many who still recall both the temple steps and the blue poster style panels flashing past as well as later titles with astonishing clarity!
A new 2mins 10secs digital version was recently recorded at the Abbey Road studios by Moore and a 30-piece orchestra.
Many of his pieces can be found on YouTube [http://www.youtube.com/results?q=pete%20moore&sm=1]
Quotes.
Quote by Pete Moore: "Many people in the UK music profession have accused me of writing music for the future, and well ahead of its time. Having regard to the longevity of this piece I can only thoroughly agree with that sentiment!"
— Pete Moore 10 February 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="30943288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943288" title="Konoike Athletic Stadium">
Konoike Athletic Stadium


</doc>
<doc id="30943291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943291" title="Gonzalo Ucha">
Gonzalo Ucha

Gonzalo Ucha (born February 7, 1984 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Cobreloa of the Primera División in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="30943294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943294" title="Works of fiction set in 2010">
Works of fiction set in 2010

The following fictional entities are set in the year 2010:

</doc>
<doc id="30943300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943300" title="Sapinda">
Sapinda

Sapinda is a term used in context of cousin marriages in Hinduism.
Legal explanation.
“"Sapinda" relationship” with reference to any person extends as far as the third generation (inclusive) in the line of ascent through the mother, and the fifth (inclusive) in the line of ascent through the father, the line being traced upwards in each case from the person concerned, who is to be counted as the first generation.
Two persons are said to be “"sapindas"” of each other if one is a lineal ascendant of the other within the limits of ""sapinda"" relationship, or if they have a common lineal ascendant who is within the limits of ""sapinda"" relationship with reference to each of them.
Example.
For example, if the bride is the offspring of any person within five generations (inclusive) on the groom's father's side and three generations (inclusive) on the groom's mother's side, or vice-versa, they will be referred to as ""sapindas"" of each other. In these cases, the Hindu Marriage Act of 1955 bars marriage between two Hindus.
Conditions for a Hindu marriage.
Section 5 of the Hindu Marriage Act of 1955 laid down conditions for a Hindu marriage. A marriage may be solemnized between any two Hindus, if the following conditions are fulfilled, namely:-
Out of the five above conditions, this article refers to the condition stated under section 5(v), which states that if the Hindu bride and the Hindu groom are ""sapindas"" of each other, the marriage between the two cannot be solemnized by law and will be legally void.

</doc>
<doc id="30943301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943301" title="Ewing Miles Brown">
Ewing Miles Brown

Ewing Miles Brown began his career as an actor in Hollywood. His first role was a small part in the comedy, "Our Gang". In the early 50's he decided to integrate the production domain. He was the head editor in Emperor films and was recruited by Robert L.lippert studio to take responsibility for production.
Not happy working for others, he opened his own production company, Movie Tech Studio. 
Meanwhile, he did not stop his activity as an actor and has contributed to several Hollywood films. He is often called by his nickname, "the Lucky Brown".
Further reading.
Scary Monsters Magazine, January, 2012 no.81 ""Lucky Brown Remembers...The Horror Icons Of Hollywood's Hey day" Part One", massive 15 page interview with Ewing Brown by writers/interviewers Lawrence Fultz Jr. and Paul Parla
Scary Monsters Magazine 2012 Yearbook, March, 2012 no.20 ""Lucky Brown Remembers...More Horror Icons Of Hollywood's Hey day" Part Two", by Lawrence Fultz Jr. and Paul Parla introduction by Anthony DiSalvo

</doc>
<doc id="30943314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943314" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's 15 kilometre classical">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's 15 kilometre classical

The Men's 15 km classical interval start was part of the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011's events held in Oslo, Norway. The race went underway on 1 March 2011 at 13:00 CET. A 10 km qualifying race took place on 23 February at 11:00 CET. The defending world champion was Estonia's Andrus Veerpalu while the defending Olympic champion was Switzerland's Dario Cologna.

</doc>
<doc id="30943321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943321" title="Georg Burchard Jersin">
Georg Burchard Jersin

Georg Burchard Jersin (1767 – 1827) was a Norwegian minister and politician, born in Leikanger. He was a minister at Voss from 1794. He represented Søndre Bergenhus amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="30943351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943351" title="Bill Meehan">
Bill Meehan

William Thomas Meehan (1889–1982) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="30943377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943377" title="Dario De Toffoli">
Dario De Toffoli

Dario De Toffoli is an Italian board game designer, gamebook author and elite games player who founded the games company Studiogiochi and established many games events. Born in 1953 Venice, after an early career as a Chemist he entered the world of games. Winner of over 60 medals at the Mind Sports Olympiad. He won the 2002 and 2012 Pentamind Competition for the best games all-rounder in the world. In 2006, he won a special award for his contribution to games which includes contribution to all aspects of games.
Contribution to games.
The Personalita Ludica dell'Anno (PLDA) award the prize to the games personality of the year. In 2006, instead of the normal competition the PLDA made a lifetime achievement award to Dario De Toffoli for his "career" in games.
In the 90's Dario, with the help of his company, staged the first 5 Italian Festivals of games, the largest in Italy. Other significant events established by Dario include the Mind Sports player competition Giocatore dell'Anno and the Venice International Backgammon Tournament.
Another event that Dario established is one of the few board game design competitions: Premio Archemede (the Archemedes prize) dedicated to Alex Randolph. An international competition where the along with the prize the winner has their game displayed in the Swiss museum of games.
Scrabble in Italian.
Dario was one of the top players in scrabble in Italian. The world championship in Italian scrabble was not founded until 2008 before that there were Majors. Dario had multiple top 3 finishes in these competitions and won the Masters in 1997.
Backgammon.
Dario De Toffoli is the foremost expert in backgammon in Italy. He wrote two of the key books on backgammon in Italian: "the rules of the game" and "the big book of backgammon" 
In the latter, he is credited with bringing to light that the origins of backgammon went back 500 years further than had previously been reported.
He is also a successful backgammon player having won numerous competitions and produced a book on the subject for La Stampa newspaper. He is a top class player having world rating of over 1500 at the end of the 2009 season.
However, Dario's impact on the game is most significant through his involvement in establishing the European backgammon scene. The Venice International Backgammon Tournament established by De Toffoli was one of the first two major backgammon tournaments in Europe along with the Nordic Open Backgammon Tournament. The tournament is one of the most important in the world and forms part of the European Backgammon Tour 
Poker.
Dario wrote the first book on Texas Hold'em in Italian and has since then co-written two more of the only books in Italian on poker with Max Pescatori. Dario is primarily known for being a leading technician in the game being asked for views on poker and as a TV commentator as he has yet to win a major cash tournament.
In 2008, Dario became the Amateur Poker World Champion an event that is not played for money
Games All-rounder.
Dario is one of the most successful games players of all-time. Perhaps his most notable achievement is as an all-round games player. He has won championships in games ranging from Oware to world championships in two new games: Continuo in 2002 and David Parlett's Hare and Tortoise in 2010.
He has won over 60 medals at the Mind Sports Olympiad. In 2002 he became the oldest winner of the Pentamind World championship an event to find the best games all-rounder in the world. This victory was achieved in the middle of Demis Hassabis 5 victories to whom he had earlier managed to finish second against.
Games Journalist.
Dario has contributed hundreds of articles and puzzles for newspapers and magazines. His contributions include for Giochi Magazine, Il Gazzettino and for La Stampa newspaper.
Game and Puzzle Book Author.
As well as strategic books De Toffoli is one of the leading authorities on games having written "the encyclopedia of games" and the "1001 games for everyone". His works also include several puzzle books and a book on draughts.
Games Designer.
As well as owning the company Studiogiochi, Dario has personally designed and co-designed several board games. The most notable of which are Lex Arcana and Vampiri in salsa rossa role-playing based games. More recent games have had a more mainstream focus such as Sudoku and Kakuro board games and themed board games such as for the Totally Spies! cartoon series.

</doc>
<doc id="30943386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943386" title="WTOP-FM">
WTOP-FM

WTOP is an all-news formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Washington, D.C., serving its metropolitan area. WTOP is owned by Hubbard Broadcasting. The studios are located in the McLean Gardens neighborhood on D.C.'s northwest side, and the transmitter is located at nearby American University.
WTOP is one of three all-news stations in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, the second being sister station WFED, which is aimed at federal government employees; the third being WNEW-FM.
The station's primary signal is at 103.5, with simulcasts on WTLP 103.9 FM from Braddock Heights, Maryland and WWWT 107.7 FM from Manassas, Virginia. All stations in the WTOP "network" broadcast in monaural to increase their coverage areas.
History.
1920s: Born in Brooklyn.
WTOP's origins trace back to Brooklyn, New York, as station WTRC (operated by the Twentieth Republican Club), going to air September 25, 1926, on 1250 kilocycles with a power of 50 watts. The Twentieth Republican Club, and the station, were run by the Ku Klux Klan; pressure by the federal government on the Klan forced WTRC to move out of the New York area. Ironically, the station moved to the federal government's backyard; on August 2, 1927, WTRC migrated to Mount Vernon Hills, Virginia as WTFF (which stood for the Klan's newspaper "The Fellowship Forum") at 1470 kHz. In November 1927, the power of WTFF was increased to 10,000 watts and the frequency changed to 1480 kilocycles.
On January 10, 1929, the call sign was changed to WJSV, reflecting the initials of James S. Vance, who was publisher of "The Fellowship Forum" and a Grand Wizard in Virginia. Realizing the expense of running a 10,000-watt radio station, Vance quickly worked out a deal with the nascent Columbia Broadcasting System to become the new network's primary station in Washington, D.C. CBS took over all of WJSV's programming and engineering costs, with an option to renew or purchase the station after five years. Soon realizing they were affiliated with the Klan, negotiations began for CBS to purchase the station outright.
1930s: CBS O&O.
In June 1932, CBS finally purchased WJSV and moved it from Mount Vernon Hills to Alexandria, Virginia. After three months off the air, WJSV resumed broadcasting on October 20, 1932. Arthur Godfrey, who later hosted a variety program on CBS Radio and CBS Television, hosted a program on WJSV called "The Sundial" on which he honed a laid-back, conversational style that was unusual on radio at the time but came to be common practice for disc jockeys.
On September 21, 1939, WJSV recorded its entire broadcast day for posterity. The famous "One Day In Radio" tapes still exist and copies can be found at various Old Time Radio websites.
WJSV was also a key training ground for pioneering newsman Bob Trout in the 1930s before he became a network correspondent. (One of his broadcasting mentors was Wells (Ted) Church, who later became a CBS News executive.) Longtime Los Angeles-area TV newscaster George Putnam worked at WJSV in 1938 and continued to work in radio for seven decades until his death in 2008. Frank Blair, who later became an NBC News correspondent and later was a long time news anchor on the "Today" show during the 1960s and early 1970s, also worked at WJSV.
1940s.
In 1940, WJSV's operating power was increased to 50,000 watts, with a new transmitter site built in Wheaton, Maryland, still in use today. On March 29, 1941, with the implementation of NARBA, WJSV moved its broadcast frequency from 1460 to 1500 kHz.
On March 16, 1943, after paying the Tiffin, Ohio police department $60,000, the calls were changed to the current WTOP because its new frequency was now at the "top" of the mediumwave AM band. "The Washington Post" bought a 55% share in WTOP from CBS in February 1949 and took over the remainder of the station in December 1954. The WTOP callsign was a coincidence under the newspaper's partial ownership as the callsign never stood for WashingTOn Post.
1960s and 70s: All-news.
After its signature personality Arthur Godfrey left WTOP in 1948 to concentrate on his television and midday network radio shows, the station gradually faded in popularity as it faced competition from the Washington Star's WMAL with the morning team of Harden and Weaver, and NBC-owned WRC which featured future Today Show personality Willard Scott. In the 1960s, after a series of failed music formats, WTOP phased out its music programming for a combination of newscasts and phone-in talk shows; eventually the call-in shows were dropped in favor of an all-news format. Among those working for WTOP during this time were Sam Donaldson, later on ABC-TV; Jim Bohannon, who took Larry King's place on his all-night radio network talk show after King went to CNN; and including Ralph Begleiter and Jamie MacIntyre, both of whom went to CNN.
WTOP studios were apparently a critical link in Emergency Broadcast System activation scenarios during the Cold War era. 
The "Post" sold WTOP to The Outlet Company company in June, 1978, in reaction to the FCC desire to break up the Post/WTOP cross-ownership arrangement. One month later, WTOP-TV was swapped with the Detroit News's WWJ-TV, and became WDVM-TV. The station is today WUSA-TV, owned by Gannett. The original FM frequency for WTOP-FM was 96.3 MHz, but that frequency was donated to Howard University. That station became WHUR in 1971, a commercially run radio station.
1990s-2010s: Move to FM.
Outlet re-organized and sold WTOP to Chase Broadcasting in 1989, who in turn sold it to Evergreen Media (which eventually became Chancellor Broadcasting) in November 1992. During this period, Evergreen started WTOP's move to the FM dial on April 1997, when Evergreen's newly acquired 94.3 MHz facility in Warrenton, Virginia began simulcasting the WTOP signal for better coverage in the sprawling Northern Virginia suburbs. Shortly afterward, on October 10, 1997, Bonneville International Corporation purchased WTOP.
On April 1, 1998, that frequency was swapped for a stronger signal at 107.7, also licensed to Warrenton. (The 94.3 facility now relays the air feed for sports station WTEM.) Then in December 2000, WTOP gained another simulcast in Frederick, Maryland with WXTR at 820 kHz, establishing the "WTOP Radio Network."
In 2005, the station began providing podcasts of selected broadcast programs, and in 2006, WTOP began broadcasting in digital "HD Radio", utilizing iBiquity Digital Corp.'s IBOC (in-band on-channel) technology.
On January 4, 2006, Bonneville International announced that WTOP would move to a new primary frequency of 103.5 FM, then held by classical station WGMS (which would move to 103.9 and 104.1 FM). The frequencies long-used by WTOP, 1500 AM and 107.7 FM (and the low-powered 104.3 FM translator in Leesburg), would be reassigned to the new "Washington Post Radio" for a March 30, 2006 launch date. Fittingly, this new partnership also signaled the "Post"'s re-emergence into the radio scene on the very same dial spot WTOP once held. The station has been dominant in the 25-54 demographics since moving to FM.
The stations' respective call signs were changed as of January 11, 2006: the former WTOP pair became WTWP (The Washington Post) and WTOP's new primary stations (formerly WGMS-FM and WXTR) assumed the WTOP calls. HD Radio digital subchannels of the 103.5 carrier originally had broadcast Bonneville International's "iChannel" music format, which features unsigned, independent rock bands on the HD2 channel, and the HD3 channel aired continuous traffic and weather updates. Later iChannel was dropped for an LMA of the HD2 to a group that currently airs programming aimed at the South Asian community in the Washington area. Currently, WTOP-FM's HD3 channel is carrying a wide-ranging pop music channel called "The Gamut". 
In 2006, WTOP dropped its long-standing association with The Weather Channel and began airing weather reports exclusively from WJLA-TV all day long. Previously, WTOP had used weather reports from WJLA chief meteorologist Doug Hill during morning and evening rush hours and The Weather Channel all other times. The station now uses all WJLA-TV meteorologists, not just Doug Hill. WJLA-TV's "Live Super Doppler 7" has and continues to be featured in weather reports as necessary.
In 2007, the WTOP radio configuration was realigned once again. WTLP-FM (formerly WGYS) at 103.9 picked up the WTOP simulcast on April 6, 2007 after the adult hits "George 104" simulcast with WXGG (now WPRS-FM, since sold to Radio One) was broken up, and adopted the WTLP calls on July 5, 2007.
Also in 2007, WTOP began broadcasting on WJLA-TV's "Weather Now" digital sub-channel, which is carried on cable systems well beyond WTOP's broadcast area, though this was ended in late July 2009.
In May 2007, WTOP sold the naming rights to its "Glass-Enclosed Nerve Center" (its nickname for its studio) to area business Ledo Pizza. That sponsorship concluded at the end of 2007. Other sponsorship continues, with sportscasts being "fed" by Ledo Pizza.
WTOP AM (which was now on 820 in Frederick) changed its calls to WTWT and switched to the "Washington Post Radio" simulcast on June 28, 2007. On September 20, 2007, the 1500/107.7/820 multicast changed format over to a general talk format as "Talk Radio 3WT" under the WWWT/WWWT-FM/WWWB call letters, which was cancelled on August 11, 2008. WWWT and WWWB took over the "Federal News Radio" format (and for the 1500 kHz facility, the WFED calls), while WWWT-FM went back to simulcasting WTOP-FM. The former WFED took over the WTOP callsign on the AM dial and became a simulcast of WTOP, with preemptions for sporting events. On June 13, 2009, the 1050 AM frequency changed to a separate news/talk format, operated by Air America Radio as WZAA. On January 26, 2010, following the shutdown of Air America Radio, WZAA returned to the WTOP simulcast. It took back the WTOP call letters on February 1, 2010. WTOP AM left the simulcast on June 23, 2010, as Bonneville rented the station to United Media Group. United Media changed the call letters to WBQH and aired what they called a "regional Mexican" format.
In March 2008 WTOP-FM completed a year-long, $2.5-million state-of-the-art renovation of its newsroom and studios, the first since 1989 when the station moved into the building it presently occupies in northwest Washington.
In 2008, WTOP-FM generated $51.75-million in revenue, the sixth-highest total for any radio station in the United States and the only station not based in New York City or Los Angeles to crack the top ten. In 2009, the station generated $51-million in revenue, good for second among all radio stations in the United States, trailing only KIIS-FM in Los Angeles. In 2010, WTOP generated $57.225-million in revenue, making it tops among radio station in the United States. In 2011 WTOP once again generated more revenue than any other station in the United States, this time with $64 million.
In 2010, WTOP-FM's coverage of the record Washington-area snowfalls in early February earned it record ratings as the only local media outlet on the air and covering the storm live all day and night. During the week of the storms, which dropped two feet of snow in the area, WTOP had a 16.9% share of the area's radio audience, far exceeding its typical weekly average of around 10%. Consumer research company Arbitron estimated a total of 1.49 million people tuned in at some point during the week, 39% of the total local radio audience of 3.8 million.
Bonneville announced the sale of WTOP-FM, WTLP, and WWWT-FM, as well as 14 other stations, to Hubbard Broadcasting on January 19, 2011.
In 2011 WTOP-FM brought their traffic reporting in-house, ending their relationship with Metro Networks. This meant that Lisa Baden, the longtime "voice of D.C.-area traffic" and a Metro Networks employee, was forced to leave the station in what WTOP's Vice President of News and Programming Jim Farley said was strictly a business decision. Farley said WTOP tried to bring Baden and other Metro Networks employees to WTOP, but they have clauses in their contracts prohibiting them from working for competitors for one year. Baden said she was "devastated".
Station profiles.
The HD3 subchannels of each station, along with WWFD (820 AM, Frederick, Maryland), and W282BA (104.3 FM, Leesburg, Virginia), air a freeform music format known as "The Gamut". Prior to flipping to The Gamut in 2013, WWFD simulcast WFED and W282BA simulcast WTOP.
Programming and ratings.
Affiliations.
WTOP is affiliated with the CBS Radio Network, and reports from several of WTOP's correspondents (including Neal Augenstein, Hank Silverberg and Tom Foty) are played on CBS's network. WTOP's basic format and hourly broadcast schedule, as noted above, is similar to that used by the CBS-owned-and-operated all-news stations, such as WCBS from New York City. WTOP is also affiliated with CNN and the Bloomberg Radio Network.
Schedule.
The station's basic schedule includes playing CBS News reports at the hour and half hour, followed by local reports. "Traffic and Weather Together" are played on the 8s (:08, :18, :28, :38, etc.). Sports news is played at :15 and :45 past each hour and business news is played at :25 and :55 past each hour. Live interviews are played at :25 and :55 past most hours. The station also features regular commentaries from figures such as Cal Thomas, Wolf Blitzer, and Gwen Ifill, among many others, at specific times during the week.
Ratings.
As of July 2009, WTOP is ranked #1 in the Arbitron ratings among radio stations in the Washington area.

</doc>
<doc id="30943397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943397" title="Kenchanagudda">
Kenchanagudda

See also.
In Kenchanagudda, there is Vrundavana sannidhana of Sri Vasudendra Tirtharu of Rayara Mutt parampare.
vasudhaatalaviKyaatam vairaagyaadiguNaarNavam|
vEdavEdaangachaturam vasudhEMdragurum bhajE |
Sri Venugopalacharyaru is the Poorvashrama Brother of Vadeendraru.
Venugopalacharyaru had three sons, all the three became sanyasis of Rayara Mutt Parampare in different period. They are :
1. Purushottamacharyaru -- Sri Vasudendra Thirtharu
2. Balaramacharyaru -- Sri Varadendra Thirtharu
3. Lakshminarayanacharyaru -- Sri Bhuvanendra Thirtharu
Poorvashrama nama - Sri Purushottamacharyaru
Ashrama Gurugalu - Sri Vadeendra Thirtharu
Ashrama Shishyaru - Sri Varadendra Thirtharu
Ashrama Period - 1750-1761
Route to Kenchanagudda - River Tunghabhadra is at her best at Kenchanagudda. To reach Kenchangudda, from Bellary take the road to Siruguppa. Before entering proper Siruguppa, on the left, a road leads to Siruguppa which is about 3 km away.
References.
Sri Vasudendra Tirtharu @ Kenchanagudda, Bellary District

</doc>
<doc id="30943416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943416" title="Thrips (genus)">
Thrips (genus)

Thrips is a genus of thrips.
Ecology.
Species in the genus "Thrips" feed on pollen, and can be major agricultural pests, with several being vectors of tospoviruses.
Etymology.
The name "Thrips" comes from the Latin word "" meaning woodworm, itself borrowed from the Greek .
Diversity.
"Thrips" is the largest genus of thrips, with over 280 species, most of which are found in Europe, Africa and the Mediterranean Basin. Other species occur on each of the continents, including one species described from Antarctica. "Thrips" includes the species of thrips most frequently intercepted at ports of entry into the United States, "T. tabaci".
The following species are recognised:

</doc>
<doc id="30943421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943421" title="Kenchagarabelagal">
Kenchagarabelagal


</doc>
<doc id="30943425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943425" title="Peder Hjermann">
Peder Hjermann

Peder Hjermann (1754 – 1834) was a Norwegian farmer and politician, born in Lærdal. He represented Nordre Bergenhus amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="30943431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943431" title="Katebennuru">
Katebennuru


</doc>
<doc id="30943443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943443" title="Kevin Harbottle">
Kevin Harbottle

Kevin Andrew Harbottle Carrasco (born 8 June 1990 in Antofagasta) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for Antofagasta.
Club career.
Harbottle was raised in Iquique, with his mother and stepfather. It is in this city where he started playing futsal. Was later discovered by a football teacher who took him to play for Racing of Taltal, where he had early success. At 14, he reached the lower divisions of Deportes Antofagasta and from the under 15 squad moved up in the youth system.
Harbottle made his professional debut on 6 June 2008, wearing the shirt of Deportes Antofagasta, a club which trained him as a player. In this match, Antofagasta defeated Rangers by a 2-1 score. His first goal as a professional was against Cobreloa, after only 21 days of his debut. Later, and with few only having played a few matches, he dazzled the leaders of Argentinos Juniors, who purchased his pass from Antofagasta and he was tested on the reserve team. In Argentina he remained only one semester before joining O'Higgins on loan, who was managed at that time by Jorge Sampaoli, where he did not have much continuity.
With the arrival of Roberto Hernandez as new manager of the "celestes", Harbottle scored six goals in the Chilean Apertura 2010. In June 2010, he prompted the interest of directors from Unión Española, who signed him on loan for one year. However, despite the fact he scored in crucial matches (he scored the only goal for Unión Española in a Copa Libertadores match against Universidad Católica), he wasn't a first option at attacking midfielder for manager José Luis Sierra, reason for which the colony club didn't opt for purchasing his contract. 
In June 2011, he signed for Universidad Católica for a year and a half deal. During his time with Católica Harbottle helped the club in capturing the 2011 Copa Chile.
On 17 January 2013, he signed with the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer. Harbottle was released on 31 July after playing fewer than 300 minutes.
National Team.
In 2008, Harbottle was selected for the first time for the Chilean under-20 team, managed by Ivo Basay, where he scored a goal against Bolivia. Nevertheless, Basay decided not to include him in the final roster for the South American U-20 Championship in 2009. Later, in 2010 he was selected again for the U-20 team, now managed by César Vacchia to participate in the Toulon Tournament.
In the same year, he made his debut for Chile's senior team managed by Marcelo Bielsa in a friendly against Trinidad and Tobago before the FIFA World Cup 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30943446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943446" title="Phil Sykes">
Phil Sykes

Phil Sykes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30943451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943451" title="Ben Rochefort">
Ben Rochefort

Bennett Harold Rochefort (1896–1981) was an American Major League Baseball first baseman. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season. He played college ball at Temple University.

</doc>
<doc id="30943465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943465" title="Vladimir Putin Peak">
Vladimir Putin Peak

Vladimir Putin Peak () is a mountain of the Tian Shan mountain range in Kyrgyzstan. Located in the Chuy Province. It was named in 2011 for the second president of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin.

</doc>
<doc id="30943470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943470" title="John James Withers">
John James Withers

Sir John James Withers (21 December 1863 – 29 December 1939) was a British politician. He was Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Cambridge University from 1926 to 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="30943474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943474" title="Kasapura">
Kasapura


</doc>
<doc id="30943482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943482" title="Kodalu">
Kodalu


</doc>
<doc id="30943485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943485" title="Quihi, Texas">
Quihi, Texas

Quihi is a ghost town in Medina County, in the U.S. state of Texas. Located north of Hondo, it sits at the intersection of Farm to Market Road 2676 and Quihi Creek. In 1936, Quihi received centennial marker Number 5537, a gray granite marker placed to commemorate the Texas Centennial.
Establishment.
In 1845, Henri Castro laid out the town on Quihi Lake. The first of Castro's colony's families who arrived in 1846 were from the Alsace region.
One week after their arrival, the colonists tried to fortify the settlement against Indian depredations, but were targets of repeated incidents until the 1870s.
Bethlehem Lutheran Church was established in 1852, and a private school opened in 1856.
Post office.
Louis Bohle was the first postmaster when the Quihi post office was established in 1854. The post office was discontinued in 1872, and the mail routed to New Fountain.
20th and 21st centuries.
The Quihi Schützen Verein (marksmen club) was established in 1890. The club is still active but renamed the Quihi Gun Club and claiming a county-wide membership of upwards of 1,000.
The Quihi population has fluctuated over the years, but has remained small.

</doc>
<doc id="30943488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943488" title="Kogali">
Kogali


</doc>
<doc id="30943492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943492" title="Kogali-Samatu Kodihalli">
Kogali-Samatu Kodihalli


</doc>
<doc id="30943496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943496" title="Crisus">
Crisus

In Greek mythology, Crisus or Crissus (Greek "Κρῖσος") was a son of Phocus and brother of Panopeus. With Antiphateia, daughter of Naubolus, he became father of Strophius; thus he was the grandfather of Pylades. He is also said to have founded the town of Crissa, which received its name from him.

</doc>
<doc id="30943498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943498" title="Koilaragatti">
Koilaragatti


</doc>
<doc id="30943509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943509" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's 30 kilometre pursuit">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's 30 kilometre pursuit

The men's 30 kilometre pursuit at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 took place on 27 February 2011 at 12:00 CET at Holmenkollen National Arena. The defending world champion was Norway's Petter Northug while the defending Olympic champion was Sweden's Marcus Hellner.

</doc>
<doc id="30943517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943517" title="Tuxedo, North Carolina">
Tuxedo, North Carolina

Tuxedo is an unincorporated community in Henderson County, North Carolina, United States.
Tuxedo is located on U.S. Route 25 about north of the South Carolina border, at 2,054 feet (626 m) above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="30943518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943518" title="Charlie Frye (baseball)">
Charlie Frye (baseball)

Charles Andrew Frye (July 17, 1914 – May 25, 1945) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Philadelphia Phillies during the 1940 season. Listed at , 175 lb, he batted and threw right-handed.
Born in Hickory, North Carolina, Charlie Frye was one of many baseball players whose professional career was interrupted during World War II. 
Frye started in organized baseball in 1937 for Class-D Mooresville (NCSL). He later played for Class-B Evansville (IIIL, 1938), returning to Class-D with Snow Hill (CPL, 1939) and Martinsville (BIST, 1939–1940) before joining the Phillies, appearing for them in July 1940 in a span of fifteen games. 
Frye posted a 0–6 record (five starts) and a 4.50 earned run average, allowing 32 runs (26 earned) on 58 hits and 26 walks while striking out 18 in 50⅓ innings of work.
Following his majors stint, Frye returned to minor league action pitching at Class-B for Allentown (1941) and Wilmington (1942) of the Interstate League and the Statesville team (NCSL, 1942) until he went into the Army. In parts of six minor league seasons, he went 42–36 with a 3.86 ERA in 150 pitching appearances.
Shortly after being discharged in 1945, Frye died at his home of Hickory, North Carolina at the age of 30.

</doc>
<doc id="30943525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943525" title="Goldfeld (surname)">
Goldfeld (surname)

Goldfeld is a Jewish East European surname, common among Ashkenazi Jews. Its meaning is 'gold field', probably referring to corn or wheat fields.
Goldfelds in the western hemisphere mostly come from what is now known as Ukraine.
Notables Goldfelds are:

</doc>
<doc id="30943536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943536" title="Komaranahalli">
Komaranahalli

See also.
It is said that, Komaranahalli is one place where mettalurgy of iron was done in ancient India during 1200-1000 BC.(Ref:http://www.nrlc.gov.in)

</doc>
<doc id="30943544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943544" title="Raphael Gualazzi">
Raphael Gualazzi

Raffaele Gualazzi (born 11 November 1981 in Urbino), better known as Raphael Gualazzi, is an Italian singer and pianist.
Biography.
"Love Outside the Window".
On 16 September 2005, Gualazzi released his first studio album, titled "Love Outside the Window" and distributed by Edel Music.
In 2008, Gualazzi recorded a cover of "Georgia on My Mind" for the compilation "Piano Jazz", released in France by Wagram Music.
Sanremo Festival 2011.
In September 2010 he released a self-titled digital EP in Italy and Europe. The EP features a cover of Fleetwood Mac's "Don't Stop" and three new songs written by Gualazzi, including his first single, "Reality and Fantasy". The song was later released in a remix version by British/French DJ Gilles Peterson.
On 18 February 2011 he won the Sanremo Festival in the Newcomers section, the Critics' "Mia Martini" Award for Newcomers and the "Sala Radio-Tv" Award with the self-penned song "Follia d'amore". The song is included in Gualazzi's second studio album, "Reality and Fantasy", released on 16 February 2011 by Sugar Music.
Eurovision Song Contest 2011.
On 19 February 2011, Gualazzi was chosen among the participants at the Sanremo Festival 2011 to represent Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, held in Düsseldorf, Germany. Gualazzi was the first Italian singer to represent the country since the Eurovision Song Contest 1997. "Madness of Love" finished second of 43 countries of all Europe with 189 points, 32 points behind the winning song "Running Scared".
Sanremo Festival 2013.
On 13 December 2013, his participation in the "Big Artists" section in the Sanremo Music Festival 2013 is confirmed with the songs "Senza ritegno" and "Sai (ci basta un sogno)". His third studio album, "Happy Mistake", is released on 14 February 2013. On 12 February 2013, during the first night of the Sanremo Festival, "Sai (ci basta un sogno)" is chosen as Gualazzi's song for the rest of the competition; the song finished in fifth position in the final.
Sanremo Festival 2014.
In 2014 he took part in the "Big Artists" section in Sanremo for the second year in a row, this time together with The Bloody Beetroots, with the songs "Liberi o no" and "Tanto ci sei". They took second place in the final with the song "Liberi o no".

</doc>
<doc id="30943545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943545" title="Space and Missiles Analysis Group">
Space and Missiles Analysis Group

The Space and Missiles Analysis Group is a unit of the National Air and Space Intelligence Center that develops space and counterspace threat assessments and assesses foreign land-based ballistic missile systems with ranges of and greater.

</doc>
<doc id="30943549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943549" title="IMail">
IMail

Invisible mail, also referred to as iMail, i-mail or Bote mail, is a method of exchanging digital messages from an author to one or more recipients in a secure and untraceable way. It is an open protocol and its java implementation (I2P-Bote) is free and open source software, licensed under the GPLv3.
As with e-mail, one can send and receive iMails. However, normal e-mails are visible to an ISP and to the administrators of the mail servers providing the service. Https, or secure, connections still allow the server admin to view the content of an e-mail and its related IP number. In invisible mails both the mail's content, and the identities (of the sender as well as the receiver) remain unknown to a third party observer or attacker. Furthermore, all iMails are automatically and transparently end-to-end encrypted.
At present, iMail cannot be sent to regular email accounts. iMail addresses are called iMail destinations. They are much longer than the average e-mail addresses and do not carry the "@" sign nor a domain. They already include the encryption key, so using an iMail destination is not harder than using standard e-mail with gpg encryption. The destination is two in one: the "address" as well as the public key. In contrast to gpg- or pgp-encrypted e-mails, I2P-Bote also encrypts the mail headers.
I2P-Bote also works as an anonymous or pseudonymous remailer. iMails are sent via the network, a secure and pseudonymous p2p overlay network on the internet and sender and receiver need not be online at the same time (store-and-forward model). The entire system is serverless and fully distributed. iMail peers accept, forward, store and deliver messages. Neither the users nor their computers are required to be online simultaneously; they need connect only briefly for as long as it takes to send or receive messages.
An iMail message consists of three components, the message "envelope", the message "header", and the message "body". The message header contains control information, including, minimally one or more recipient addresses. Usually descriptive information is also added, such as a subject header field and a message submission date/time stamp.
iMails can carry international typesets and have small multi-media content attachments, a process standardized in RFC 2045 through 2049. Collectively, these RFCs have come to be called Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME).
Features.
Attachment size limitations.
iMail messages may have one or more attachments. Attachments serve the purpose of delivering binary or text files of unspecified size. In principle there is no technical intrinsic restriction in the I2P-Bote protocol limiting the size or number of attachments. In practice, however, the slow speeds, overheads and data volume due to redundancy limit the viable size of files or the size of an entire message.
Email spoofing.
E-mail spoofing occurs when the header information of an email is altered to make the message appear to come from a known or trusted source. In the case of iMails, this is countered by cryptographically signing each iMail with its originator's key.
Tracking of sent mails.
The I2P-Bote mail service provides no mechanisms for tracking a transmitted message, but a means to verify that it has been delivered, which however does not necessarily mean it has been read.
Drawbacks.
iMails can only be received or sent via the web interface, there is no implementation of POP3 or SMTP for iMail yet. Furthermore, there are no bridges that allow for sending from I2P-Bote to a standard internet e-mail account or vice-versa.

</doc>
<doc id="30943562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943562" title="Alberto Radicati">
Alberto Radicati

Alberto Radicati, Count of Passerano (Torino, 11 November 1698 – 24 October 1737, The Hague), was an 18th-century historian, philosopher and free-thinker. He was the reputed author of the 1732 work "A Philosophical Dissertation upon Death, Composed for the Consolation of the Unhappy by a Friend of Truth", published in London. This work created a scandal and led to the arrest of Radicati and his translator. The "Dissertation upon Death" is referenced by George Berkeley in his 1733 "Theory of Vision Vindicated", section 5. There Radicati's work is used as an example of a free-thinker explicitly adopting the radical views attributed to the free-thinkers by Berkeley in his 1732 dialogue "Alciphron", and so to defend Berkeley against the charge of attacking a strawman.

</doc>
<doc id="30943569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943569" title="Daiwa Securities Capital Markets Co.Ltd.">
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets Co.Ltd.

Daiwa Securities Capital Markets Co.Ltd. (formerly known as Daiwa Securities SMBC Co. Ltd.) was a Japanese investment bank with headquarters in Tokyo. The company provides M&A advisory, sales and trading services in a variety of financial products to corporate and institutional clients. Daiwa CM has major subsidiaries in Hong Kong, London and New York.
The company was founded in 1999 as Daiwa Securities SB Capital Markets Co. Ltd. (renamed in 2001 to Daiwa Securities SMBC Co. Ltd.), a joint venture between Daiwa Securities Group (Daiwa) and Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (SMFG). However, in 2010, SMFG acquired Nikko Cordial, at that time Japan's third largest brokerage. Following this step, Daiwa dissolved the joint-venture with SMFG and re-acquired 100% of the shares in the company, before renaming it again as Daiwa Securities Capital Markets Co. Ltd. Finally, about two years later, the company merged with Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="30943582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943582" title="North Wales Coast League">
North Wales Coast League

The North Wales Coast League was a North Welsh association football league that existed from 1894 until 1921. After the Welsh Senior League, which started in 1890, it was the second association football league formed in North Wales. There was an attempt to restart the league in 1930, which failed, followed by another restart in 1933, which lasted for two seasons. Seven teams from across the North Wales coast contested in the first season, with the number of clubs increasing to 26 in 1920, playing over two divisions.
History.
Welsh National League.
In 1921 the league was absorbed into the Welsh National League.
North Wales Football Combination.
As well as the failed attempt to restart the league in the 1930-31 season, the North Wales Football Combination was formed in the same season, then renamed North Wales Coast League for the 1933-34 season, for two seasons. Dissbanded due to the formation of the Welsh League North

</doc>
<doc id="30943604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943604" title="Emilie Louise Flöge">
Emilie Louise Flöge

Emilie Louise Flöge (30 August 1874 in Vienna – 26 May 1952 in Vienna) was an Austrian designer, fashion designer, and businesswoman. She was the life companion of the painter Gustav Klimt.
Life and business career.
Her first job was as a seamstress, but she later became a couturière. In 1895, Pauline, her elder sister, opened a dressmaking school and Emilie worked here. In 1899 the two sisters won a dressmaking competition and were commissioned to make a batiste dress for an exhibition. 
In partnership with her sister Helene, after 1904 Emilie established herself as a successful businesswoman and the owner of the haute couture fashion salon known as Schwestern Flöge (Flöge Sisters) in one of the major Viennese thoroughfares, the Mariahilfer Strasse. In this salon, which had been designed in the Jugendstil by the architect Josef Hoffmann, she presented designer clothing in the style of the Wiener Werkstätte. During her trips to London and Paris she familiarised herself with the latest fashion trends from Coco Chanel and Christian Dior, however, after the Anschluss with the German Third Reich in 1938, Flöge lost her most important customers and had to close her salon, which had become the leading fashion venue for Viennese society. After 1938 she worked from the top floor of her home at 39 Ungargasse.
Association with Gustav Klimt.
Emilie Flöge was a member of the Viennese bohemian (Bohemianism) and Fin de siècle circles. She was the life companion of the painter Gustav Klimt. In 1891, Helene, the younger sister of Emilie, married Ernst Klimt, the brother of Gustav Klimt. When Ernst died in December 1892, Gustav was made Helene's guardian. At that time Emilie was eighteen years old and Gustav became a frequent guest at the home of her parents, spending the summers with the Flöge family at Lake Attersee.
After 1891, Klimt portrayed her in many of his works. Experts believe that his painting The Kiss (1907–08) shows the artist and Emilie Flöge as lovers. 
Klimt also drew some garments for the Flöge salon in the rational dress style - a style promoted by the feminist movement - and from 1898, other clothes designed by the Vienna Secession; the latter were worn without a corset and hung loosely from the shoulders with comfortable, wide sleeves. The clientele for what was at that time a revolutionary fashion was too small to provide a living, however, and she earned money accordingly through conventional styles. Klimt was painting many ladies from the upper echelons of Viennese society and thus, was able to introduce Emilie Flöge to a prosperous client base. 
Klimt died from a stroke on 11 January 1918. His last words reportedly were, "Get Emilie". She inherited half of Klimt's estate, the other half going to the painter's family. 
In the final days of the Second World War, her house in the Ungargasse caught fire, destroying not only her collection of garments, but also valuable objects from the estate of Gustav Klimt. 
Popular culture references.
Emilie Flöge is the first-person narrator of the historical novel "The Painted Kiss" by Elizabeth Hickey, published in 2005.
In the 2006 film "Klimt", Emilie Flöge was played by Veronica Ferres and Gustav Klimt by the American actor, John Malkovich.
Sources.
"This article is mainly a translation of the article in the German Wikipedia at :de: Emilie Flöge with additional information from the French Wikipedia at :fr: Emilie Flöge". 

</doc>
<doc id="30943612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943612" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's 50 kilometre freestyle">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's 50 kilometre freestyle

The Men's 50 km freestyle mass start is the final event of the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011. It will go underway on 6 March 2011 at 13:00 CET. Norway's Petter Northug is both the defending world and Olympic champion.

</doc>
<doc id="30943618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943618" title="Wake (Mortal album)">
Wake (Mortal album)

Wake is the third full-length studio album by Christian hard rock band Mortal. For this album, the band moved away from industrial and embraced a more alternative rock-based sound. The album reached No. 21 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Christian chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30943641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943641" title="Lee Tim-sing">
Lee Tim-sing

Lee Tim-sing (born 1949) is a Hong Kong television producer, director and writer. Lee joined Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB) in 1969 as a set decorator. He became a director in 1975 and was promoted to a producer a few years later. Lee was also known for making cameo appearances in several television productions, including a guest appearance in an episode of the variety program "Enjoy Yourself Tonight" as "Street-sweeper Mau", a role for which he later became known.
In the early 1980s and late 1990s, Lee achieved great success in the genres of wuxia and action thrillers. Many of Lee's television productions also contributed to the popularity of rising actors of their time, such as Chow Yun-fat, Carol Cheng, Felix Wong, Andy Lau, Tony Leung and, recently, Wayne Lai. Most of Lee's works are produced by TVB.

</doc>
<doc id="30943646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943646" title="Anémone Marmottan">
Anémone Marmottan

Anémone Marmottan (born 25 May 1988) is a French World Cup alpine ski racer and soldier.
Born in Bourg-Saint-Maurice, Savoie, Marmottan won a gold medal in the team event at the 2011 World Championships, and the next day finished 14th in the giant slalom.
Career.
Marmottan began skiing at age two with her family in her hometown of Savine, and joined the local ski club in her area, where she got her first taste for competing.
In March 2011, she fractured her tibia and fibula while racing in a Europa Cup event in Zakopane, Poland. The injury resulted in surgery, six months in a cast, and another six months wearing a support brace.
At the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Marmottan finished 8th in the giant slalom and 13th in the slalom at Rosa Khutor. She attained her first World Cup podium in March 2014 at Åre, Sweden, runner-up in a giant slalom to Anna Fenninger.

</doc>
<doc id="30943651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943651" title="Gare de Trentels-Ladignac">
Gare de Trentels-Ladignac

Trentels-Ladignac is a railway station in Monsempron-Libos, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Niversac - Agen railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Trentels-Ladignac:

</doc>
<doc id="30943654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943654" title="Max Mariu">
Max Mariu

Max Takuira Matthew Mariu SM (12 August 1952 – 12 December 2005) was the Auxiliary Bishop of Hamilton, New Zealand (1988–2005). He was the first Māori to be ordained a Catholic bishop.
Early life.
Mariu was born in Taumaranui in 1952 and his iwi was Ngāti Tūwharetoa. He attended the Sisters of St Joseph convent school in Waihi Village and received his secondary education at Hato Paora College, Feilding. He joined the Society of Mary and studied for the priesthood at Mt St Mary's Seminary, Greenmeadows. He spent time at the Marist novitiate at Highden in 1972. He was ordained to the priesthood on 30 April 1977 by Bishop Edward Russell Gaines, Auxiliary Bishop of Auckland. He did parish work in Napier and Whangarei and in Maori pastoral care at Pakipaki where he was superior of the Marist community. For three years he was on the staff of Hato Paora College (1980–1982).
Episcopacy.
Beginning in 1981, Te Hahi Katorika ki Aotearoa, the national Catholic Māori body, supported by the New Zealand Catholic Bishops' Conference, lobbied for seven years for a Māori bishop. Despite their preference for a personal prelature with specific responsibility for Māori, Mariu was appointed as Auxiliary Bishop of Hamilton by Pope John Paul II on 30 January 1988 and was ordained a bishop on 19 May 1988 by Edward Russell Gaines, who had become Bishop of Hamilton, as principal consecrator, and with Cardinal Williams and Bishop Finau SM of Roman Catholic Diocese of Tonga as co-consecrators. The ordination was a great ceremony combining Māori and Catholic ritual on the Catholic marae Te Papa o Te Aroha in Tokoroa in the presence of 1,500 people. 
Mariu was the first Māori to be ordained a Catholic bishop. Later in 1988, Bishop Mariu and Bishop Gaines made their Ad Limina visit to Rome and met Pope John Paul II. The Pope referred to Mariu as the "Bambino Bishop" because of his relative youth. In 2001 Te Runanga o te Hahi Katorika requested the establishment of a Catholic Māori Diocese and the appointment of a Māori ordinary. This has not yet come about. On the death of Bishop Gaines on 6 September 1994, Mariu was named Diocesan Administrator while the process of selecting a new ordinary was begun. He administered the Diocese until Bishop Browne, until then Bishop of Auckland, was installed as Bishop of Hamilton on 27 March 1995. Mariu usually resided in Tokoroa after becoming bishop.
Writer.
Mariu was a biographer of Wiremu Te Awhitu SM (1914–1994), the first Māori to be ordained a Catholic Priest.
Death.
Mariu died in Auckland on 12 December 2005 at the age of 53. having suffered from coronary problems for some years, beginning when he was in training at Greenmeadows seminary. He was taken to Turangawaewae Marae in Ngaruawahia at the request of Te Arikinui Dame Te Atairangikaahu, then to Hamilton's Catholic Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary where his body lay. 
His body then lay at his home marae at Waihi Village where he had been baptised 53 years earlier. On 15 December Bishop Browne, with eight other bishops including Bishop Stuart O'Connell SM of Rarotonga, celebrated his official Requiem Mass in the Hamilton Cathedral. After another Requiem Mass at Waihi Village, Mariu was buried on 16 December 2005 in the urupa at his family kainga (settlement), Otukou, on the shores of Lake Rotoaira.

</doc>
<doc id="30943659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943659" title="1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's heptathlon">
1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's heptathlon

These are the official results of the Women's Heptathlon competition at the 1997 World Championships in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="30943661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943661" title="Don Carpenter (electrical engineer)">
Don Carpenter (electrical engineer)

Donald L. Carpenter is a Space Scientist, Professor (Research) Emeritus in the Electrical Engineering Department at Stanford University. He co-discovered the sharp dropoff in the plasmasphere surrounding Earth.
Career.
Known as co-discoverer of the “knee,” or sharp dropoff (later called the plasmapause) in the radial profile of the dense plasma cloud (later called the plasmasphere) that surrounds the Earth to typical equatorial distances of several Earth radii. Carpenter was awarded the 2002 John Howard Dellinger Medal by the International Union of Radio Science for "his discovery of the plasmapause, for pioneering studies of the plasmasphere structure and dynamics and for development and use of whistler-mode waves as diagnostic probes of the magnetosphere".
He was elected a Fellow of the American Geophysical Union in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="30943668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943668" title="Gare de Penne-d'Agenais">
Gare de Penne-d'Agenais

Penne-d'Agenais is a railway station in Penne-d'Agenais, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Niversac - Agen railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Penne-d'Agenais:

</doc>
<doc id="30943670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943670" title="Power–delay product">
Power–delay product

In digital electronics, the power–delay product is a figure of merit correlated with the energy efficiency of a logic gate or logic family. Also known as switching energy, it is the product of power consumption (averaged over a switching event) times the input–output delay, or duration of the switching event. It has the dimension of energy, and measures the energy consumed per switching event.

</doc>
<doc id="30943671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943671" title="Nine Types of Light">
Nine Types of Light

Nine Types of Light is the fourth studio album by American art rock band TV on the Radio, released on April 11, 2011. The band released "Will Do", a song from the album, on February 23. Another song, "Caffeinated Consciousness", was made available for free download on March 10, 2011. "Nine Types of Light" was very well received by critics and has a "Universal Acclaim" rating of 82 at aggregating website Metacritic. It is the final TV on the Radio album to feature bassist Gerard Smith, who died of lung cancer nine days after "Nine Types of Light" was released.
Film.
The band created an accompanying film to go with the album, an hourlong visual companion that offers music videos for all of "Nine Types of Light"'s tracks. Packaged with a deluxe version of the CD, the film also exists on YouTube in its entirety. Characterized by eclectic visual style and thematic content as well as TV on the Radio's diverse, unique sound, the film allows for a different interpretation and method of experiencing the album. Directed by singer Tunde Adebimpe (with different directors helming the individual clips, see below for list), the film also features interviews with a variety of New Yorkers discussing topics including dreams, love, fame, and the future. A humorous epilogue, set to the song "You" and featuring the band members meeting for lunch ten years after a fictional breakup, concludes the film. Overall, the work can be seen as Afrofuturistic, particularly the video for "Will Do," which incorporates virtual-reality technology to tell a unique love story starring Adebimpe and Joy Bryant.

</doc>
<doc id="30943678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943678" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's 4 × 10 kilometre relay">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's 4 × 10 kilometre relay

The Men's 4 x 10 kilometre relay was held on 4 March 2011 at 13:00 CET The defending world champions were the Norwegian team of Eldar Rønning, Odd-Bjørn Hjelmeset, Tore Ruud Hofstad and Petter Northug while the defending Olympic champions were the Swedish team of Daniel Rickardsson, Johan Olsson, Anders Södergren, and Hellner.

</doc>
<doc id="30943681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943681" title="Sara Hector">
Sara Hector

Sara Hector (born 4 September 1992) is an alpine skier from Sweden. She won a bronze medal at the 2011 FIS Alpine World Ski Championships in the team event, and later finished 17th in the giant slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="30943690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943690" title="HMS Jufair">
HMS Jufair

HMS Jufair was a naval base established in Bahrain on April 13, 1935. In 1950 the US Navy leased space in HMS Jufair and following Bahraini independence in 1971, took over the base. The base was renamed by the US Navy first the Administrative Support Unit Bahrain and then Naval Support Activity Bahrain.

</doc>
<doc id="30943695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943695" title="Gare de Laroque-Timbaut">
Gare de Laroque-Timbaut

Laroque-Timbaut is a railway station in Laroque-Timbaut, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Niversac - Agen railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Laroque-Timbaut:

</doc>
<doc id="30943713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943713" title="Zonal safety analysis">
Zonal safety analysis

Zonal Safety Analysis (ZSA) is one of three analytical methods which, taken together, form a Common Cause Analysis (CCA) in aircraft safety engineering under SAE ARP4761. The other two methods are Particular Risks Analysis (PRA) and Common Mode Analysis (CMA). Aircraft system safety requires the independence of failure conditions for multiple systems. Independent failures, represented by an AND gate in a fault tree analysis, have a low probability of occurring in the same flight. Common causes result in the loss of independence, which dramatically increases probability of failure. CCA and ZSA are used to find and eliminate or mitigate common causes for multiple failures.
General Description.
ZSA is a method of ensuring that the equipment installations within each zone of an aircraft meet adequate safety standards with respect to design and installation standards, interference between systems, and maintenance errors. In those areas of the aeroplane where multiple systems and components are installed in close proximity, it should be ensured that the zonal analysis would identify any failure or malfunction which by itself is considered sustainable but which could have more serious effects when adversely affecting other adjacent systems or components. [http://www.easa.eu.int/agency-measures/docs/agency-decisions/2010/2010-013-R/CS-25%20Amdt%2010.pdf]
Aircraft manufacturers divide the airframe into zones to support airworthiness regulations, the design process, and to plan and facilitate maintenance. The commonly used aviation standard ATA iSpec 2200, which replaced ATA Spec 100, contains guidelines for determining airplane zones and their numbering. Some manufacturers use ASD S1000D for the same purpose. The zones and subzones generally relate to physical barriers in the aircraft. A typical zone map for a small transport aircraft is shown.
Aircraft zones differ in usage, pressurization, temperature range, exposure to severe weather and lightning strikes, and the hazards contained such as ignition sources, flammable fluids, flammable vapors, or rotating machines. Accordingly, installation rules differ by zone. For example, installation requirements for wiring depends on whether it is installed in a fire zone, rotor burst zone, or cargo area.
ZSA includes verification that a system's equipment and interconnecting wires, cables, and hydraulic and pneumatic lines are installed in accordance with defined installation rules and segregation requirements. ZSA evaluates the potential for equipment interference. It also considers failure modes and maintenance errors that could have a cascading effect on systems, such as:
Potential problems are identified and tracked for resolution. For example, if redundant channels of a data bus were routed through an area where rotorburst fragments could result in loss of all channels, at least one channel should be rerouted.
Case Studies.
On July 19, 1989, United Airlines Flight 232, a McDonnell Douglas DC-10-10, experienced an uncontained failure of its No. 2 engine stage 1 fan rotor disk assembly. The engine fragments severed the No. 1 and No. 3 hydraulic system lines. Forces from the engine failure fractured the No. 2 hydraulic system line. With the loss of all three hydraulic-powered flight control systems, safe landing was impossible. The lack of independence of the three hydraulic systems, although physically isolated, left them vulnerable to a single failure event due to their close proximity to one another. This was a zonal hazard. The aircraft crashed after diversion to Sioux Gateway Airport in Sioux City, Iowa, with 111 fatalities, 47 serious injuries and 125 minor injuries.
On August 12, 1985, Japan Air Lines Flight 123, a Boeing 747-SR100, experienced cabin decompression 12 minutes after takeoff from Haneda Airport in Tokyo, Japan, at 24,000 feet. The decompression was caused by failure of a previously repaired aft pressure bulkhead. Cabin air rushed into the unpressurized fuselage cavity, overpressurizing the area and causing failure of the auxiliary power unit (APU) firewall and the supporting structure for the vertical fin. The vertical fin separated from the airplane. Hydraulic components located in the aft body were also severed, leading to a rapid depletion of all four hydraulic systems. The loss of the vertical fin, coupled with the loss of all four hydraulic systems, left the airplane extremely difficult, if not impossible, to control in all three axes. Lack of independence of four hydraulic systems from a single failure event was a zonal hazard. The aircraft struck a mountain at forty-six minutes after takeoff with 520 fatalities and 4 survivors.
See also.
Aerospace Engineering
Air Safety
ARP4761

</doc>
<doc id="30943715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943715" title="Robert Ponger">
Robert Ponger

Robert Ponger is an Austrian songwriter and record producer, most famous for his work with Austrian singer Falco.
Ponger produced and shared writing credits on Falco's first two solo albums, 1982's "Einzelhaft" and 1984's "Junge Roemer". He co-wrote the song "Der Kommissar", which was a hit for both Falco in its original German and later for the British rock band After the Fire, whose English translation of the song became a top-ten "Billboard" hit in 1983.
Following his early work with Falco, Ponger co-wrote and produced music by Austrian singer Udo Jürgens. He later reunited with Falco to co-write and produce the singer's 1990 album "Data de Groove".

</doc>
<doc id="30943720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943720" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's sprint">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's sprint

The men's sprint was held on 24 February 2011. Sprint qualifying at 13:00 CET with finals at 15:00 CET. The defending world champion was Norway's Ola Vigen Hattestad while the defending Olympic champion was Russia's Nikita Kriukov.

</doc>
<doc id="30943722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943722" title="Gare de Pont-du-Casse">
Gare de Pont-du-Casse

Pont-du-Casse is a railway station in Pont-du-Casse, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Niversac - Agen railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Pont-du-Casse:

</doc>
<doc id="30943724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943724" title="Detroit and Lake Superior Smelter">
Detroit and Lake Superior Smelter

The Detroit and Lake Superior Smelter was a copper smelter located near Hancock, Michigan on the Keweenaw Waterway. It was opened in 1860 by the Portage Lake Copper Company. The company later merged with the Waterbury and Detroit Copper Company to form the Detroit and Lake Superior Company. The Calumet and Hecla Mining Company used the smelter until it built its own near Hubbell, Michigan and Black Rock, New York in 1887 and 1891 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="30943729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943729" title="Matts Olsson">
Matts Olsson

Matts Olsson (born 1 December 1988 in Karlstad) is an alpine skier from Sweden. He won a bronze medal at the 2011 FIS Alpine World Ski Championships in the team event, and finished 18th in the giant slalom, and 24th in the super-G.

</doc>
<doc id="30943761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943761" title="Alois Schönburg-Hartenstein">
Alois Schönburg-Hartenstein

Alois Schönburg-Hartenstein, () (November 21, 1858 - September 21, 1944) was a military officer in the Austro-Hungarian army and as a Prince of Schönburg-Hartenstein, a member of the Austrian nobility. He briefly served from March to July 1934 as the minister of defense in the First Austrian Republic.
From 1899 to 1913 he was president of the Austrian Red Cross. Following the outbreak of the First World War, he commanded several units, including the 6th Division and the XX (Edelweiss) Corps. 
According to Baron Ferdinand Marterer, Schönburg-Hartenstein was suggested as a candidate for imperial minister of defense by chief of the general staff Arz von Straussenberg in April 1917. In early 1918, as domestic unrest over the war and continuing shortages of food increased within Austria-Hungary, he was appointed to command troops to maintain security within the empire by Emperor Karl I. In this capacity, he arrested strike leaders and 44,000 military deserters. In the summer of 1918, he again took combat command, leading the 6th Army in Northern Italy during the Battle of the Piave River, in which he was wounded in the leg. As the Austro-Hungarian political and military situation became ever more precarious in the fall of 1918, Prince Alois expressed a realization of the coming end of the war and the monarchy, writing his family that " remaining duty is to preserve discipline and protect the new Austria." 
Following the fall of the Habsburg monarchy and the establishment of republican Austria, he was the state secretary of the army from September 1933 to March 1934, when he was appointed to the post of defense minister in the cabinet of Engelbert Dollfuss, a position he held until July 1934. While in government, he appealed to Austrian nationalists and veterans to support the Dolfuss administration and oppose pro-German National Socialism.

</doc>
<doc id="30943766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943766" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's team sprint">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's team sprint

The Men's team sprint took place on 2 March 2011. Sprint qualifying at 12:00 CET and finals at 14:15 CET. The defending world champions were Norway's Ola Vigen Hattestad and Johan Kjølstad while the defending Olympic champion were Norway's Øystein Pettersen and Petter Northug.

</doc>
<doc id="30943774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943774" title="Abubakar Balarabe">
Abubakar Balarabe

Abubakar Balarabe (born 14 June 1968) is a former Nigerian international footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Nigeria, Belgium, the Netherlands and Malaysia.
Club career.
Balarabe began playing football for Ranchers Bees of Kaduna. He moved to Europe in 1989, and would play for K.F.C. Eeklo and MVV Maastricht.
International career.
Balarabe made two appearances for the senior Nigeria national football team. He scored on his debut, an 1990 African Nations Cup qualifier against Guinea in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="30943776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943776" title="Hatem Abd Elhamed">
Hatem Abd Elhamed

Hatem Abd Elhamed (Arabic: حاتم عبد الحميد ; born 18 March 1991) is an Israeli professional association football player who currently plays for F.C. Ashdod and internationally at Israel under-19 team.
Biography.
Playing career.
Abd Elhamid made his professional debut on 8 August 2010 in a Toto Cup match against his boyhood club, Bnei Sakhnin. On 1 February 2011, Abd Elhamid was loaned to Charleroi in Belgium. A month later, Abd Elhamid made his league debut for Charleroi, coming on as a substitute for Ederson in the 73rd minute against Standard Liège on 12 March 2011.
International career.
In 2009, Abd Elhamid was selected to represent Israel at the 2009 Maccabiah Games.

</doc>
<doc id="30943811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943811" title="Red Line Chemistry">
Red Line Chemistry

Red Line Chemistry is an American hard rock band formed in 2004, hailing from Kansas City, Missouri, and signed to Bulldog Productions.
History.
Originally named Penumbra, the band added vocalist Brett Ditgen and changed their name to Red Line Chemistry in 2004. With the help of local radio support in their home state of Missouri, the band was able to score a spot on stage at Kansas City Rock Fest 2007 and the Warped Tour. They have also performed 5 times between 2008 and 2011 at Pointfest, a bi-annual rock festival held by rock station KPNT FM.
Red Line Chemistry has performed with Stone Temple Pilots, Puddle of Mudd, Thousand Foot Krutch, Sevendust, Godsmack, Three Days Grace and many others. The band toured nationally with Evans Blue in 2010 and with Saving Abel, Egypt Central and Burn Halo in 2011.
With the release of the band's latest album "Tug Of War" on May 14, 2013, produced by Grammy-award winning producer Nick Raskulinecz, the band spent much of the summer touring alongside Nonpoint, Drowning Pool and Whitesnake.

</doc>
<doc id="30943819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943819" title="Ralph Goodwin">
Ralph Goodwin

Ralph Goodwin (died ca. 1658) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1624 and 1644.
Goodwin matriculated at Trinity College, Cambridge in Spring 1608. In 1611 he was a scholar and was awarded BA in 1612 and MA in 1615. He was incorporated at Oxford University in 1615. He was described as a learned author and an excellent poet. 
In 1624 Goodwin was elected Member of Parliament for Ludlow and was re-elected in 1625, 1626 and 1628. He sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. 
In April 1640, Goodwin was re-elected MP for Ludlow in the Short Parliament and was re-elected for the Long Parliament in November 1640. He supported the King and was disabled from sitting in February 1644.
Goodwin married Dorothy Long, daughter of Sir Walter Long. In 1630 he settled his property at Cowarne on his wife Dorothy. In 1646 he married a second time to Elizabeth Brabazon, daughter of Wallop Brabazon. 
Fourteen years after his death there was a dispute over his inheritance. In his will he left Cowarne to his brothers John and Thomas Smith. He also mentions his brother Sir Thurston Smith and the nephew of his tutor at Trinity Dr Samuel Heron. The allegation was made that he was illegitimate and that the estate at Cowarne defaulted to the crown. A marginal note states that he was legitimate and born at Ipswich.

</doc>
<doc id="30943820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943820" title="Gare de Bram">
Gare de Bram

Bram is a railway station in Bram, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux - Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Bram:

</doc>
<doc id="30943828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943828" title="Perry Island">
Perry Island

Perry Island may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="30943831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943831" title="Anne Sharp">
Anne Sharp

Anne Sharp (24 October 1916 – 25 August 2011) was a Scottish coloratura soprano particularly associated with the operas of Benjamin Britten.
Background and education.
Anne Smellie Graham Sharp was born in Motherwell, Lanarkshire, the eighth and youngest child in a family of keen amateur musicians. Her father was an engineer in the steel industry, and also an amateur singer and choirmaster. She attended Glencairn Primary School and Dalziel High School in Motherwell. After leaving school she worked as a secretary while taking private singing lessons, and in 1941 she began studying at the Scottish National Academy of Music in Glasgow, winning the Jean Highgate singing scholarship in 1943. During her years of study, which coincided with the Second World War, she also sang in the choir of Glasgow Cathedral. She gained the Performer's Diploma in Solo Singing from what was by then the Royal Scottish Academy of Music in 1944, and similar diplomas awarded by Trinity College London and The Royal Academy of Music in 1946.
In the summer of 1946 the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, was re-establishing itself after the Second World War, and to this end a series of auditions was held in various centres around the country to recruit singers for the opera chorus. Sharp, who attended the Glasgow audition, was one of seven Scots who were successful. A contemporary newspaper article reported:
London career.
At the Royal Opera House, Sharp sang in the chorus in the first post-war production, Purcell's "The Fairy Queen", then in the 1947 productions of Bizet's "Carmen", Massenet's "Manon" and Mozart's "The Magic Flute".
In March 1947 she became a founder member of Benjamin Britten's English Opera Group, singing Britten roles at Glyndebourne, Sadler's Wells, Lucerne, Scheveningen, Oslo and Copenhagen as well as the company's home base at Aldeburgh. Able to pass as a teenager even in her thirties, she sang the role of "tiresome village child" Emmie Spatchett in "Albert Herring", the centrepiece of the first Aldeburgh Festival in June 1948.
She created the roles of (13-year-old) Cis Woodger in "Albert Herring" and Molly Brazen in Britten's 1948 adaptation of "The Beggar's Opera", as well as Juliet Brook in "The Little Sweep", a part written for her by Britten. In the play "Let's Make an Opera!" which precedes "The Little Sweep", in which the characters were named for the original cast members, "Annie Dougall" (a bank clerk) who takes the part of the 14-year-old Juliet was originally played as a Scots girl, with the original libretto containing a number of Scots expressions for that character. Britten initially conceived the role of Polly Peachum in "The Beggar's Opera" for Sharp, but while composing the opera changed his concept of the character to a mezzo-soprano role. The part was eventually created by Nancy Evans.
Between 1948 and 1950 she appeared in live radio broadcasts of "Albert Herring", "Let's Make an Opera!" and "The Beggar's Opera" on the BBC Third Programme and the BBC Home Service. In February 1950 "Let's Make an Opera!" was broadcast live on BBC television, one of the earliest televised operas.
Other performances during this period included the soprano solo parts in Bach's Mass in B minor, Handel's "Messiah" and Brahms' "A German Requiem", and solo recitals for the BBC Third Programme including Handel's "Lusinghe piu care" and Richard Strauss's "Ständchen". Operatic roles included the Queen of the Night in Mozart's "The Magic Flute" and Micaëla in a concert performance of Bizet's "Carmen". She created the title role in Lawrance Collingwood's little-known opera "The Death of Tintagiles", at its only performance in April 1950.
Vocal quality.
Elisabeth Parry, a contemporary in the English Opera Group, described Sharp as having "… a lovely natural very high soprano voice, which never seemed to give her any problem. In our digs we used to tease her because she could get out of bed in the morning and lie in the bath singing up to E in alt." In 1950 the "Totnes Times" described "a charming presentation of the Queen of the Night." In 1957 the "North Star" reviewed her performance in "Messiah" as follows:
Marriage and later life.
In December 1950, Sharp married Rev. James Lyon Kerr, a Church of Scotland minister. She continued her operatic career in London intermittently after her marriage, but after the birth of their daughter in 1953 concentrated on oratorio roles in Scotland.
In the last four years of her life, Sharp lived with her daughter in West Linton, Peeblesshire. She died in Edinburgh on 25 August 2011, aged 94.

</doc>
<doc id="30943833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943833" title="List of Copper Country smelters">
List of Copper Country smelters

There were seven copper smelters built in the Copper Country in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan:

</doc>
<doc id="30943844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943844" title="Fabrikators">
Fabrikators

Fabrikators is a company specializing in innovative food-related products. Fabrikators was started in 2003 by two engineers from Denmark, Peter Andersen and Lars Forsberg. Skrub'a Gloves were originally designed as vegetable cleaners and peelers. Made from U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved nylon that is dishwasher and washing-machine safe, Skrub'a Gloves come in a range of colors which match their purposes. Orange gloves for carrots, brown gloves for potatoes, green gloves for other vegetables. The newest gloves are waterproof: black for vegetables and silver for cleaning and scaling fish. Skrub'a Gloves are made in adult and children's sizes.
Fabrikators also designed the LemonFriend, a plastic, handheld device made for squeezing a single slice of lemon or other citrus.
Toddler is a line of flatware made for children starting solid foods. Toddler was the winner of the Red Dot award in 2010 and was nominated for the Index Award. The set was designed by Josefine Bentzen, a Danish designer. It consists of a knife, fork, and spoon with handles that are thicker than normal and have a non-slip gripping surface, ergonomically designed for babies' hands.

</doc>
<doc id="30943855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943855" title="Aleksandr Lazushin">
Aleksandr Lazushin

Aleksandr Lazushin is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30943863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943863" title="Simon Moreau">
Simon Moreau

Simon Moreau (fl. 1553–1558) was a composer of the Franco-Flemish School. He published compositions including settings of "Vous Seulement" and "Sancta et immaculata", 1553.

</doc>
<doc id="30943869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943869" title="Punnaikayal">
Punnaikayal

Punnaikayal (called Punicale by the Portuguese), is a harbour city in Tamil Nadu, India. 
Punnaikayal seems to have been the main Portuguese possession on the southern Coast of India for a period of 50 years after their arrival from 1551, when they established 2 hospitals, a seminary, and the next year a mud fort. 
The first Tamil Printing press was set up at Punnaikayal in 1579. The Tamil Types had been made by Fr. Joam de Faria. Fr. Henrique Henriques himself composed the following books in Tamil: "Thambiran Vanakkam", "Kiriiciththiyaani valvakkam", "Confessionario" (in Tamil: Kompeciyoonaayaru), and the "Flos Sanctorum" in Tamil, whose title has not come down to us, though we have the whole book. 
Punnaikayal was the site of an Ottoman attack against the Portuguese possessions of the coast of India in 1553. The Ottomans raided the Pearl Fishery Coast of South India around Tuticorin, where the Portuguese were attempted to establish trade. They were assisted by the Marakkar Muslims of Malabar, and had the tacit agreement of Vittula Nayak of Madurai. 52 Portuguese were captured at Punnaikayal, and churches burnt down.
Henrique Henriques died at Punnaikayal in 1600.

</doc>
<doc id="30943872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943872" title="Alexei Kosourov">
Alexei Kosourov

Alexei Kosourov (born July 29, 1979) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays the for Amur Khabarovsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Kosourov made his Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) debut playing with Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod during the inaugural 2008–09 KHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="30943874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943874" title="Gare de Castelnaudary">
Gare de Castelnaudary

Castelnaudary is a railway station in Castelnaudary, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. The station opened on 22 April 1857 and is located on the Bordeaux - Sète railway line. The station is served by Intercités (long distance, also night train) and TER (local) services operated by the SNCF.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Castelnaudary:

</doc>
<doc id="30943877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943877" title="Andrei Esipov">
Andrei Esipov

Andrei Esipov (born May 9, 1980) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays with HC Donbass in the Russian Major League. He played the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30943880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943880" title="Euel Moore">
Euel Moore

Euel Walton Moore (May 27, 1908 – February 12, 1989) nicknamed "Chief" was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="30943884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943884" title="Anton Kapotov">
Anton Kapotov

Anton Kapotov (born June 30, 1991) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who is currently a Free Agent. He played the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30943889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943889" title="Lye Valley">
Lye Valley

The Lye Valley Nature Reserve is a 4.5 hectare site east of the Churchill Hospital in Headington, Oxford, managed by Oxford City Council. It is a Local Nature Reserve, and the northern part is also a Site of Special Scientific Interest with the same name. The site contains a range of habitats including spring-fed lowland fen, dominated by rushes and sedges, a variety of ponds, and wet woodland with small representations of lowland calcareous grassland, wood pasture and parkland. Lye Valley has one of the best examples in the country of a calcareous valley fen, a nationally rare habitat. The plant and animal species of the Lye Valley fen are thought to have lived there since they colonised the spring areas after the retreat of the last ice age between eight and ten thousand years ago.
The site has been studied by botanists since the 17th century and attracted particular interest in the Victorian era. More than 300 species of vascular plants have been recorded in the area, though some of them have not been found in recent years.
Bird species found in the valley include reed warblers, reed buntings water rail and snipe.

</doc>
<doc id="30943891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943891" title="Dmitri Zyuzin">
Dmitri Zyuzin

Dmitri Zyuzin (born October 21, 1987) is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30943893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943893" title="Tentorial incisure">
Tentorial incisure

Tentorial incisure (also known as the tentorial notch or incisura tentorii) refers to the anterior opening between the free edge of the tentorium cerebelli and the clivus for the passage of the brainstem.
Structure.
The tentorial incisura is located between the tentorial edges and communicates the supratentorial and infratentorial spaces. This area can be divided into three spaces: "anterior", "middle" (lateral to), and "posterior" to the brainstem. The middle incisural space is close to the midbrain and the upper pons at the level of the pontomesencephalic sulcus. Mesial temporal lobe structures such as the uncus, the parahippocampal gyrus and the hippocampal formation, are also intimately related to the incisura. The principal vascular structures coursing along the middle incisural space are the posterior cerebral artery and the superior cerebellar artery which pass around the brainstem, parallel to the free tentorial edge. The incisura has also a close relationship with the first 6 cranial nerves.
Clinical significance.
If Intracranial pressure superior to the tentorium cerebelli is increased, it may force part of the temporal lobe through this notch. This is referred to as a tentorial brain herniation. The consequences are unconsciousness, widening of the pupil of the affected side, and hemiparesis on the opposite side.

</doc>
<doc id="30943901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943901" title="Evgeny Belukhin">
Evgeny Belukhin

Evgeny Belukhin (; born August 20, 1983 in Sarov) is a Russian-Ukrainian professional ice hockey forward. He currently plays with HC Donbass in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Belukin made his Kontinental Hockey League debut with HC Lada Togliatti during the 2009–10 KHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="30943909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943909" title="Evgeny Shtaiger">
Evgeny Shtaiger

Evgeny Shtaiger is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30943915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943915" title="Herman Wedel Major">
Herman Wedel Major

Herman Wedel Major (1814 – 1854) was a Norwegian psychiatrist. He is regarded as the father of the first Norwegian psychiatric hospital, Gaustad Hospital, and of the Act of 1848 regarding mental illness. He and his family died in the ship collision between the paddle steamer "SS Arctic" and "SS Vesta" on 26 September 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="30943919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943919" title="Konstantin Turukin">
Konstantin Turukin

Konstantin Turukin is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30943920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943920" title="Mikhail Kuklev">
Mikhail Kuklev

Mikhail Kuklev (born August 24, 1982) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays with Metallurg Novokuznetsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30943925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943925" title="Mikhail Ryazanov">
Mikhail Ryazanov

Mikhail Ryazanov is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30943937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943937" title="Pavel Kanarsky">
Pavel Kanarsky

Pavel Kanarsky (, born 25 February 1982) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Saryarka Karaganda in the Higher Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30943950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943950" title="Ruslan Khasanshin">
Ruslan Khasanshin

Ruslan Khasanshin is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30943956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943956" title="Chancellor of the College of William &amp; Mary">
Chancellor of the College of William &amp; Mary

The chancellor of the College of William & Mary is the ceremonial head of the college, chosen by the university's Board of Visitors. The office was created by the college's Royal Charter, which stipulated that the chancellor would serve a seven-year term. Henry Compton, Bishop of London, was named in the Charter as the college's first chancellor. Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States Sandra Day O'Connor served as chancellor from 2004 until 2012 when Robert Gates assumed the office. He was installed as chancellor on February 3, 2012.
Colonial period.
The college's charter, granted in 1693 by King William III and Queen Mary II, provided for the office of chancellor, and during the colonial period the chancellor served as the college's representative to the British Crown and the British government. Many of the pre-Revolutionary War chancellors were either Bishops of London or Archbishops of Canterbury and served as a link between the college and the government in London. They would also help recruit faculty to come to Virginia and teach at the college. However, none of these chancellors ever set foot in Williamsburg.
With the outbreak of the Revolutionary War and the Declaration of Independence, the ties between the College of William & Mary and England were severed, leaving the position of chancellor vacant until 1788. Other ties with England, such as the money from the Brafferton Estate which funded the Indian School, were also severed.
Post-independence.
Thomas Jefferson wished to alter the office of the chancellor after the American Revolution. In 1776, Jefferson proposed a system that included three chancellors, elected from the leading men of Virginia and who would have the power to remove faculty, in place of a single chancellor. His reforms did not pass, and the office of chancellor remained vacant until 1788.
George Washington served as the next chancellor, an office he held from 1788 until his death in 1799. Washington was asked because the president of the college, Bishop James Madison, thought that the heritage of the position required a national figure to occupy it. The office again remained vacant until another President of the United States, John Tyler, was appointed as chancellor, serving from 1859 until 1862. Tyler was an alumnus of the college and his son, Lyon Gardiner Tyler, would later serve as its president.
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the office of chancellor was intermittently occupied. People such as Hugh Blair Grigsby, John Stewart Bryan, and Colgate Darden served as chancellor and ended their terms without a direct successor.
For two years, Alvin Duke Chandler was a very different kind of chancellor. From 1960 to 1962, Chandler presided over The Colleges of William & Mary, a five campus system that included William & Mary, the Richmond Professional Institute, the Norfolk Division of the College of William & Mary, Christopher Newport College, and Richard Bland College. When the system was disbanded in 1962, Chandler became the honorary chancellor until 1974.
After a 12-year vacancy, Warren Burger was chosen to be the twentieth chancellor of the College of William & Mary in 1986. Burger had numerous associations with Williamsburg and William & Mary, receiving an honorary degree and delivering the commencement address in 1973, speaking at Law Day
in 1979, and helping to found the National Center for State Courts in Williamsburg in 1976. The personal and professional papers of Chief Justice Burger are held by the Special Collections Research Center and will be open to the public in 2026.
After the retirement of Warren Burger, the office has been held by Margaret Thatcher, Henry Kissinger, and Sandra Day O'Connor. Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates (an alumnus of the College) took over the position in February 2012.
Functions.
The chancellor serves as the ceremonial head of the college and is elected by the Board of Visitors of the College of William & Mary. The Board of Visitors, led by the rector of the college, determines university policy, levys tuition, and appoints a president of the college to serve as chief executive officer and manage the day-to-day affairs of the university. The chancellor is present for major campus events, including commencement and Charter Day, celebrated every February on the anniversary of the college's founding by King William and Queen Mary. During major ceremonies, the chancellor wears the robe, badge, and chain of office.

</doc>
<doc id="30943968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943968" title="Jean-Christophe Menu">
Jean-Christophe Menu

Jean-Christophe Menu (; born August 23, 1964) is a French underground cartoonist, graphic designer, writer and publisher best known for being one of the founders of L'Association, an influential comic book and art book publishing company from France often regarded as one of the key figures in the independent comic movement around the world.
Biography.
Beginnings.
Menu started his careers as a comic artist and as a publisher simultaneously when he launched the fanzines "Le Lynx à Tifs" and "Le Journal de Lapot" in 1981. In 1984 he started working for "Psikopat", where he introduced the character Meder. Soon, his work was found in various comic magazines like "Tintin", "Spirou", "Fripounet and Jade" in the Franco-Belgian comics world as well as "Rip Off Comix" and "Weirdo" in the United States. Futuropolis published his book "Le Portrait de Lurie Ginol" and a new magazine called "Labo" which only lasts one issue but brings the desire to later-on create the magazine "Lapin", which is still being published to this day.
L'Association.
In May 1990, Menu and five other young cartoonists struggling to find an outlet for their work (Lewis Trondheim, David B., Patrice Killoffer, Mattt Konture, Stanislas and Mokeït) decided to launch L'Association.
In 1992 Menu, along with Lewis Trondheim François Ayroles, Anne Baraou, Gilles Ciment, Jochen Gerner, Thierry Groensteen, Patrice Killoffer and Étienne Lécroart, founded the Oubapo (Ouvroir de Bandes Dessinées Potentielles), which was inspired by Raymond Queneau and Georges Perec's Oulipo (Ouvroir de Littérature Potentielle).
One of L'Association's most recognizable and experimental books to date was the black-and-white anthology "Comix 2000" which features work from over 300 creators from 29 countries in one 2,000-page hardcover volume. L'Association is also known for discovering and publishing Marjane Satrapi's book, "Persepolis", which later inspired a film of the same name.
Controversy.
In 2005, Menu published "Plates-bandes", a diatribe against the co-optation and wholesale copycatting of the indie, avant-garde, experimental, or alternative comics aesthetic by France's mainstream comic book publishers looking to corner what had suddenly become a lucrative market. Literally meaning "flowerbeds", the title is a pun involving part of the word for comics ("bande dessinée," or "drawn strip"), a concern that independent comics are headed for blandness and platitude ("plat," literally flat or insipid), and a gauntlet thrown down to mainstream publishers for encroaching on indie territory (the colloquial expression "trampling someone's flowerbeds" means to step on someone's toes). The book coincides with three of the original founders and a few authors leaving L'Association and finding work with many of mainstream publishers mentioned in its content.
In May 2011, after nearly six months of struggles within the structure, Menu announced his official departure from L'Association and spoke in a public letter of a desire to start a new project elsewhere.
Recent career.
Menu continues to work on his comics. On January 8, 2011 he was awarded a "doctorat en art et sciences de l'art" (Doctorate in Art and Art Sciences) after defending his thesis "La Bande dessinée et son double". The thesis was under the supervision of Jacques Cohen (Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne).

</doc>
<doc id="30943969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943969" title="Laser dye">
Laser dye

Laser dyes are large organic molecules with molecular weights of a few hundred mu. When one of these organic molecules is dissolved in a suitable liquid solvent (such as ethanol, methanol, or an ethanol-water mixture) it can be used as laser medium in a dye laser. Laser dye solutions absorb at shorter wavelengths and emit at longer wavelengths. Successful laser dyes include the coumarins and the rhodamines. Coumarin dyes emit in the green region of the spectrum while rhodamine dyes are used for emission in the yellow-red. The color emitted by the laser dyes depend upon the surrounding medium i.e.the medium in which they are dissolved. However, there are dozens of laser dyes that can be used to span continuously the emission spectrum from the near ultraviolet to the near infrared. 
Laser dyes are also used to dope solid-state matrices, such as poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA), and ORMOSILs, to provide gain media for solid state dye lasers.

</doc>
<doc id="30943974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943974" title="Martyrs' Square, Tripoli">
Martyrs' Square, Tripoli

The Martyrs' Square ( '); known as Green Square ( ') under the Gaddafi government; Independence Square ( "") during the monarchy; and originally (during Italian colonial rule) known as Piazza Italia ("Italy Square") is a downtown landmark at the bay in the city of Tripoli, Libya.
The main commercial center of the city surrounds the square. The Square is also a main tourist attraction in Tripoli.It has a large legendary fountain done by an Italian architect at the centre of the square. The square is the meeting point of many different avenues. Omar Mukhtar Avenue is one of the longest in North Africa, it was built by Italians in the colonial time, and Libyans during the era of King Idris I. Independence Street branches from the square too, and it leads to the Palace of King Idris I. 24 December Avenue is also an Italian built avenue. Mizran Street is the last street that branches from the Martyrs' Square.
History.
The square was originally constructed by the Italian colonial rulers on the site of the old bread market ("sūq al-khubs"), and it was expanded on several occasions during the 1930s.
During the Italian colonial period, it was called "Piazza Italia" ("Italy Square"). After Libyan independence in 1951, it was known as "Independence Square" during the Libyan monarchy (1951–1969). After the 1969 revolution by Gaddafi, the square was renamed again to "Green Square" to mark his political philosophy in his "Green Book".
2011 Libyan civil war.
During the 2011 Libyan civil war, there were reports of both anti-government protests (20 and 25 March) and a pro-Gaddafi speech rally (25 March) occurring at different times in the square.
On the night of 21–22 August, Libyan rebel groups took control of the area during the 2011 Battle of Tripoli and started referring to it as Martyrs' Square to dissociate the square from the Gaddafi government and to commemorate those who died in the fight against his government.
On Eid ul-Fitr (31 August) and again on 2 September, tens of thousands of Tripoli residents, including many women and children, gathered on Martyrs' Square to celebrate the end of Gaddafi's rule.
Facilities.
It features the Red Castle Museum, Libya's national museum, on one side, with a wide avenue leading towards the seafront with two tall pillars. On top of the pillars are an iron-cast, miniature wooden ship; the other one features a horseback rider.
The Royal Miramare Theatre used to be located across from the Red Castle Museum, but it was demolished by Gaddafi's government after the 1960s to create space for large demonstrations.

</doc>
<doc id="30943978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943978" title="Stepan Zhdanov">
Stepan Zhdanov

Stepan Zhdanov (born August 25, 1989) is a professional ice hockey player. He played 13 games of the 2009–10 season with Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30943981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943981" title="Vadim Golubtsov">
Vadim Golubtsov

Vadim Golubtsov is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30943988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943988" title="Vadim Mitryakov">
Vadim Mitryakov

Vadim Mitryakov (born 18 April 1991) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30943991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943991" title="Valeri Dydykin">
Valeri Dydykin

Valeri Dydykin (born March 4, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with HC Donbass in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). 
Dydykin played three seasons in the Kontinental Hockey League, most recently playing with Metallurg Novokuznetsk during the 2010–11 KHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="30943993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30943993" title="Nils Retterstøl">
Nils Retterstøl

Nils Retterstøl (1924–2008) was a Norwegian psychiatrist. He was a professor at the University of Bergen from 1968 to 1973, and at the University of Oslo from 1973 to 1994. He published several books on mental subjects. He is also famous for saying "A man who is determined that he is right, despite everyone else telling him that he is wrong, certainly do have a serious mental illness" which was his statement in the Juklerød-case, where a healthy person was forcibly restrained in a mental institution and medicated, because of him being "difficult for the authorities". Perhaps the biggest psychiatric scandal in Norway. 
Retterstøl was still decorated Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="30944003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944003" title="List of mergers and acquisitions by BlackBerry">
List of mergers and acquisitions by BlackBerry

BlackBerry Ltd. (formerly "Research in Motion" (RIM)) is a Canadian multinational communications corporation, founded in 1995. It is headquartered in Waterloo, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="30944008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944008" title="Todd Lumsden">
Todd Lumsden

Todd Lumsden (born 6 February 1978 in Consett) is an English football player and manager.
Lumsden mostly played in the lower leagues of Scottish football, but has played for Hamilton Academical at First Division level. He was appointed player/manager of Albion Rovers in May 2012, after Paul Martin resigned due to health reasons. Lumsden left Albion Rovers after the 2012–13 season, as the club were relegated from the Second Division. He was succeeded by his assistant James Ward.
Outside of football, Lumsden is the curriculum manager for sport at Cumbernauld College.

</doc>
<doc id="30944012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944012" title="Byttnerioideae">
Byttnerioideae

Byttnerioideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Malvaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="30944026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944026" title="Government of the 31st Dáil">
Government of the 31st Dáil

The Government of the 31st Dáil is the present Government of Ireland, formed after the 2011 general election to Dáil Éireann on 25 February 2011. Fine Gael entered into discussions with the Labour Party which culminated in a joint programme for government. The 31st Dáil first met on 9 March 2011 when it nominated Seán Barrett to be the Ceann Comhairle. Following this, the house nominated Enda Kenny, the leader of Fine Gael, to be the 13th Taoiseach. Kenny then went to the Áras an Uachtaráin where President Mary McAleese appointed him as Taoiseach. On the nomination of the Taoiseach, and following the Dáil's approval the 29th Government of Ireland was appointed by the President.
29th Government of Ireland.
The 29th Government of Ireland (9 March 2011 – present) is composed of Fine Gael and the Labour Party. The members of the cabinet are:
The following attend cabinet meetings, but do not have a vote:
The government positions are listed in alphabetical order, rather than in terms of seniority.
Economic Management Council.
The Economic Management Council is a cabinet subcommittee of senior ministers formed to co-ordinate the response to the ongoing Irish financial crisis and the government's dealings with the troika (European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund). Its members are the Taoiseach, the Tánaiste, the Minister for Finance, and the Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform. It is supported by the Department of the Taoiseach, led by Dermot McCarthy. Brigid Laffan compared it to a war cabinet. Opposition parties have suggested the Council represents a dangerous concentration of power.

</doc>
<doc id="30944033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944033" title="Province (song)">
Province (song)

"Province" is the second single from TV on the Radio's album "Return to Cookie Mountain". The song features David Bowie on backing vocals.
Track listing (7″ vinyl single).
A1. "Province" (written by David Andrew Sitek, Kyp Malone)
B1. "Dumb Animal" (written by Aku Orraca-Tetteh, David Andrew Sitek, Kyp Malone)
B2. "Wasted Weekend" (written by Smith)
Producer: Dave Sitek

</doc>
<doc id="30944040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944040" title="Duck Creek (Quad Cities)">
Duck Creek (Quad Cities)

Duck Creek is a minor tributary of the Mississippi River in the United States. The creek runs through Scott County, Iowa and the cities of Davenport and Bettendorf. 
Course.
Duck Creek begins in the rural areas north of Blue Grass and it empties into the Mississippi River between Bettendorf and Riverdale. At long it is the largest creek in the Quad Cities and is mainly used for storm water runoff. Duck Creek's watershed covers a total of . Of the total, , or 61%, are in Davenport; , or 31%, are in unincorporated Scott County and , or 8%, are in Bettendorf. The creek's water has elevated levels of E. coli bacteria, nitrates and chloride. Duck Creek has many tributaries, among them are: Silver Creek, Goose Creek, Pheasant Creek, Stafford Creek, Candlelight Creek, Robin Creek, Cardinal Creek and several unnamed streams. Duck Creek Parkway has miles of bike trail that follows the creek through Davenport and Bettendorf. It starts at Veterans' Memorial Park in Bettendorf and ends at Emeis Park and Golf Course in Davenport. Duck Creek shares its name with a park and golf course on Davenport's border with Bettendorf called Duck Creek Park and Golf Course. Other parks along the creek and bike path include: Middle, Eastern, Garfield, Junge, Marquette, and Northwest. The Duck Creek watershed flows through of private land and of public land.
1990 flood.
In June 1990 Duck Creek experienced a major flash flood event. Rainfall for the month of May was above normal for the month and the rains continued into June. A thunderstorm with heavy rains passed over the Quad Cities on June 16. Because of the development around the creek the rain water washed into the creek bed, which quickly rose. More than 8,000 homes and business were flooded. Damage estimates for that day exceeded $25 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="30944052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944052" title="Intense Live Series Vol. 5">
Intense Live Series Vol. 5

Intense Records Presents: Recorded Live, Vol. 5 is an live studio EP by Christian industrial duo Mortal. The album includes covers of U2's "One Tree Hill," and Amy Grant/Michael W. Smith's "Thy Word."

</doc>
<doc id="30944060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944060" title="Aitoliko railway station">
Aitoliko railway station

Aitoliko railway station (, "Sidirodromikos Stathmos Etolikou") was a railway station in the town of Aitoliko in Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece, the station served two rail lines:
The station took its name from the town that it served, and it was located east of the island which contains the town centre of Aitoliko. Construction was completed by the Northwestern Greece Railways in October 1890, it later marked the starting point of the rail line with Katochi which was used between 1912 and 1943 when that line was shut down. The station closed down in 1972 along with the entire Kryoneri-Agrinio Line. It had one platform, its newer station was renovated in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="30944070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944070" title="Robert Koczera">
Robert Koczera

Robert M. Koczera (born November 25, 1953 in New Bedford, Massachusetts) is the current member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives for the 11th Bristol district and a former member of the New Bedford City Council (1984–1989) 

</doc>
<doc id="30944087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944087" title="The Words That Maketh Murder">
The Words That Maketh Murder

"The Words That Maketh Murder" is a song by the English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey. It is the fourth track and lead single from her eighth studio album, "Let England Shake", and was released on 6 February 2011 on Island Records. Dealing with diplomacy, the ongoing conflicts in Afghanistan and world wars, "The Words That Maketh Murder" was produced by Flood, John Parish, Mick Harvey and PJ Harvey. It was Harvey's first single since 2008's "The Devil" and uses similar dynamics of song-writing to its predecessor, including folk influence and instrumentation.
Upon its release, "The Words That Maketh Murder" received positive critical acclaim, although it failed to chart. An accompanying music video, directed by Seamus Murphy, was released prior to the single in January 2011 and was the second part of a twelve film project documenting "Let England Shake".
Origin and recording.
The song was written after the release of PJ Harvey's seventh studio album, "White Chalk", in 2007. The lyrics to the song were written prior to the music, as Harvey used this technique with all the songs written for the album, citing it as "the starting point" and explaining that it is "the root level" of her style of song-writing. Recorded during the sessions for "Let England Shake", the song was recorded over a five-week period in April and May 2010 with long-time collaborators John Parish and Mick Harvey, and, like other songs on the album, was recorded live so that Parish and Harvey could "bring their feelings into it."
Composition and lyrics.
As with all her compositions on "Let England Shake", Harvey's main instrument on "The Words That Maketh Murder" is an autoharp. Its main underlying minor chord (Em) is prominent throughout the song, while the chord progression in the verses consists of a further three chords (A-G-F#/D) reverting to the minor chord. The chorus uses a contrasting major chord (G) as well as a flat chord (B♭) and another minor chord (Dm) and, like the song's final refrain, finishes on a standard chord (C). A saxophone and trombone, played by Harvey, are also featured during the chorus.
Lyrically, the song refers to the ongoing Afghan war and also makes several allusions to World War I and World War II. The lyrics also criticise diplomacy, especially in the final refrain: "what if I take my problem to the United Nations?" This refrain is based on a lyric from Eddie Cochran's "Summertime Blues" and most reviews of "Let England Shake" recognised the similarity. Harvey was granted permission to use the lyric and noted the inclusion in the album's liner notes.
Release.
"The Words That Maketh Murder" was released to British radio in early January 2011 and was premiered by Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1 on 11 January 2011. At the time, there were no plans to release a single of the song domestically; however, it was announced in early February that the song would be issued as a single. Released digitally on 6 February, and as a 7" vinyl on 7 February, the song accompanied Harvey's appearances with John Wilson on BBC Radio 4's "Front Row". It was eventually featured as the fourth track on "Let England Shake", released on 14 February 2011. The song was also heavily promoted through in-studio radio performances by Harvey.
Critical reception.
Critical reception of the song, as well as the album, was positive. "Rolling Stone" described the song as "fairly peppy for a PJ Harvey song about murder" and rated it three stars out of five. In Pitchfork Media's review of "Let England Shake", Scott Plagenhoef stated that "Harvey blackly and comically shakes her head at those post-WWI diplomatic hopes" and described it as "a hilariously depressing coda; her song's character has experienced the unimaginable and is looking to an international peacekeeping body for help." Plagenhoef also cited it as the album's key song, alongside "Written on the Forehead." "The Guardian" described the song as "a masterstroke" and stated "Harvey clearly understands that the horror doesn't really need embellishing: her way sounds infinitely more shocking and affecting than all the machine-gun sound effects in the world." Patti Smith, to whom Harvey has been compared in the past by critics, hailed the single. Speaking to "The Guardian" in January 2011, Smith said: "It just makes me happy to exist. Whenever anyone does something of worth, including myself, it just makes me happy to be alive. So I listened to that song all morning, totally happy."
Music video.
After viewing Seamus Murphy's award-winning "A Darkness Visible" exhibition in London in 2008, which she noted as having "an emotional impact", and purchasing his book, Harvey contacted Murphy as she "wanted to speak to him more about his experiences being there in Afghanistan." Murphy saw Harvey perform and the collaboration began with her requesting him to take promotional photographs for "Let England Shake" in July 2010. In addition to the album's photography, originally Harvey and Murphy planned to record a documentary of the recording process of the album; however, instead, twelve short films, one for each of the album's songs, were made. Each film incorporates a mix of still photography and video documenting the album's themes "in the manner of classic photographic reportage - recording real & spontaneous situations." Murphy travelled throughout England alone "with little equipment", due to a low budget and lack of assistants, and after photography, directing and producing the films solely by himself, edited the final product in Berlin, Germany with video editor Sebastian Gollek.
The music video for "The Words That Maketh Murder" follows the same dynamic as Murphy's other videos for "Let England Shake"; however rather than still photography, it incorporates segments of PJ Harvey rehearsing the song on an autoharp. The opening scene shows street lights through a car windshield, and during the first verse aptly shows a soldier walking through an open field and later dead in the middle of a road during the lyric "I've seen soldiers fall like lumps of meat." Further military imagery is used, specifically showing soldiers in formal uniform and children playing a war-related video game. Other scenes in the video show a funfair and clips from a rock concert; however, one of the video's most notable scenes, according to Pitchfork Media, is a ballroom scene. Filmed in Blackpool, it is described by Murphy as "one of his favourites." A still image from this scene is also featured on the single's artwork.
The video was released online on 13 January 2011 on Norwegian website Lydverket; however, it was later removed for unknown reasons. It was re-released on Dailymotion the following day and on YouTube on 17 January. A high definition version of the video was released on 15 March 2011.
Live performances.
Although Harvey had previously performed a number of songs from the album in 2009, "The Words That Maketh Murder" was debuted live at La Maroquinerie in Paris, France on 14 February 2011, her first live performance to promote "Let England Shake". This performance was also broadcast live as a webcast through a number of online sites, including the concert's promoter Dezzer Offline. The performance was shortly followed by an in-studio radio session for "Geoff Lloyd's Hometime Show" on Absolute Radio on 17 February, and later for a BBC Radio 1 session at the famous Maida Vale Studios hosted by Rob da Bank on 19 February. The song was also performed live at the 2011 NME Awards at the O2 Academy, Brixton in London on 23 February 2011 where Harvey also received the award for Outstanding Contribution to Music. The song has been performed at all of Harvey's live shows on the European leg of the Let England Shake tour throughout February and March 2011. The performances of the song feature Harvey on autoharp, John Parish on steel guitar, Jean-Marc Butty on drums and percussion, and Mick Harvey performing bass and then later switching to keyboards. In further promotion, the song was performed on "Later... with Jools Holland" on 26 April 2011 alongside "Let England Shake" and "The Glorious Land."
Personnel.
All personnel credits adapted from "Let England Shake"s liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="30944089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944089" title="Al-Wasat Party">
Al-Wasat Party

Hizb al-Wasat (), translated in English as the Center Party but more commonly known as al-Wasat Party, is a moderate Islamist political party in Egypt.
Foundation.
It was founded by Abou Elela Mady in 1996 as a splinter group of the Muslim Brotherhood, which Mady accused of having "narrow political horizons." The creation of al-Wasat was criticized by the Brotherhood, which said Mady was trying to split the movement. It was also not well received by the Egyptian government, which brought its founders before a military court on the charge of setting up a party as an Islamist front.
Al-Wasat tried to gain an official license four times between 1996 and 2009, but its application was rejected each time by the political parties committee, which was chaired by a leading member of the ruling National Democratic Party. Political parties formed on the basis of religion have been banned by the Egyptian constitution since an amendment to Article 5 was approved in 2007. The leader of the party, Abou Elela Mady, as well as deputy head Essam Sultan, have been detained following the 2013 Egyptian coup d'etat.
Recognition.
Al-Wasat was granted official recognition on 19 February 2011 after a court in Cairo approved its establishment. The court's ruling was handed down in the wake of the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, and made al-Wasat the first new party to gain official status after the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak. Its newly acquired official status allowed al-Wasat to compete in the next parliamentary election, and made it the first legal party in Egypt with an Islamic background.
Ideology.
The party asserts that its aim is to promote a tolerant version of Islam with liberal tendencies. Its founder Mady highlights as proof of this openness the fact that two Copts and three women are among the party's 24 top members. According to the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, al-Wasat "seeks to interpret Islamic sharia principles in a manner consistent with the values of a liberal democratic system. Although al-Wasat advocates a political system that is firmly anchored in Islamic law, it also views sharia principles as flexible and wholly compatible with the principles of pluralism and equal citizenship rights." The party's manifesto accepts the right of a Christian to become head of state in a Muslim-majority country. Its founder Mady likens its ideology to that of the Turkish Justice and Development Party (AKP).

</doc>
<doc id="30944095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944095" title="Alan Hastings">
Alan Hastings

Alan Hastings is a theoretical ecologist and distinguished professor in the Department of Environmental Science and Policy at the University of California, Davis. In 2005 he became a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and in 2006 he won the Robert H. MacArthur Award. 
In 2008 he founded the journal "Theoretical Ecology", in which he currently holds the position of editor in chief. Formerly, he was co-editor in chief of the "Journal of Mathematical Biology". His research expands through many areas in theoretical ecology including spatial ecology, biological invasions, structured populations, and model fitting.

</doc>
<doc id="30944099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944099" title="Funmate">
Funmate

Funmate (also called Funmate International) was a toy company based in Japan. It was probably best known for its plastic promotional model cars made in the 1970s and 1980s. Sizes varied, but about 1:40 scale (four to five inches in length) was common. The company also made a variety of other plastic toys. Later toys were made in Hong Kong.
Promotional Offerings.
Probably Funmate's most well-known offering was a series of Ford vehicles sealed in plastic to the sides of Procter & Gamble detergent packages for 1971 and 1972 (The Accelerator, 2008). They were marketed as "Go Cars" and had a spring-loaded handle with a three-inch-long narrow metal rod that slipped into a hole in the back of the car. When not in use, the handle could be placed in another hole to the back right of the bumper. The handle was usually molded in the same color as the car. The car shot across the floor when a small black lever was depressed. Some of the later cars were made with a launching "pad" mechanism that the car rested on top of, probably because kids could get jabbed in the eye if the original rod wasn't held firmly. It could spring backwards as the original label on the bottom of the car warned.
These cars were produced in about 1:40 scale (5 inches long) and included Ford Torinos (in 1971 and 1972 body styles), a Ford Mustang Mach 1, a Maverick, a Thunderbird, a Mercury Cougar, and a Mercury Montego. They were molded in polystyrene plastic and came in light lime green, orange, yellow, beige, white and a dark maroon red. They appeared almost to be smaller versions of American promotional models, though the orange and maroon colors of plastic were not so opaque in appearance like in traditional 1:25 scale promotional models. Curiously, no dark greens or blues were offered. The cars had very accurate proportions and fair detail. Chassis were molded in a silver gray as were wheels. Tires were a hard black plastic. Because of the launching mechanism there were no interiors. 
In Japan, these were sometimes packaged in non-promotional form as "OK Star" in a two tier carton that portrayed a driver with racing helmet on. These opened for display with Japanese script printed on the box. The packaging also had illustrations displaying how to use the launchers (71-73 Mustang).
A few General Motors cars in this same style were also offered. One was a 1971 Oldsmobile Omega two-door (the same general style as the Chevrolet Nova). The car came in red molded plastic with the typical Funmate gray base.
Other Toys.
Funmate also offered other sizes of cars and other vehicles, almost always in plastic. Some were more sporty or collectible while others were commercial trucks and other vehicles. One example was a replica of a 1972 Lotus Formula One car. This car was also very similar to one made by a company named Jimson Toys. Many, but not all, of these cars had some kind of spring launch platform or "key" handle. A similar model looked a bit more like an Indy car, and also a series of closed vehicles that were called "Grand Prix Racers" were made and advertised as good for "140 mph scale speed".
Friction Volkswagen Beetles and Porsches and different kinds of trucks also appeared in about the same sizes. Some of the truck offerings, among them a cement mixer, a tow truck, a log hauling truck, a forklift and a dump truck. These were about the same length as the cars discussed above.
In the early 1980s, the company made a series of "puffy stickers" of NHL players, such as Wayne Gretzky, which could be peeled from a backing and stuck on other surfaces. Also an Apollo space command set of the moon voyage ships was offered. Toy pistols and rifles (some with scopes) were also produced. More recently, Funmate has focused on toys for young children and infants such as rattles, mobiles, dolls, and musical toys.
References.
The Accelerator. 2008. From the Pony Toy Box. On-line Mustang enthusiast newsletter. [http://www.mocsem.com/newsletter/Newsletters%202008/October%202008%20Accelerator.pdf]
External links.
For views of boxed Japan market versions see 71-73 Mustang on-line Community. [http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:CG412g0HknAJ:www.7173mustangs.com/thread-71-73-mustang-toy-and-memorabilia-collection-anyone%3Fpid%3D12375+%22Funmate%22+toys&cd=88&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=us&source=www.google.com]

</doc>
<doc id="30944124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944124" title="Nanning–Pingxiang High-Speed Line">
Nanning–Pingxiang High-Speed Line

The Nanning–Pingxiang High-Speed Line is a planned high-speed railway between Pingxiang and Nanning in southern China. The route would connect to railways in northern Vietnam, and this line is seen as the first stage of a high-speed network reaching as far as Singapore.
Rather than being a central government initiative, this project is largely being coordinated at a regional level, in Guangxi.

</doc>
<doc id="30944148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944148" title="Jim Everett (Australian footballer)">
Jim Everett (Australian footballer)

James Seabrook "Jim" Everett (20 July 1884 – 19 June 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played with West Perth in the West Australian Football League (WAFL). 
Everett was only 17 when he made his Western Australian Football Association debut in 1901. He was a member of West Perth's 1905 premiership team, won through a grand final replay, as a centre-half back. In the drawn grand final, Everett had played on a half forward flank.
The first Western Australian to represent his state in both cricket and football, he played his one and only first-class match for the Western Australian cricket team in the 1909/10 season. The fixture, which took place at the WACA, was played against Victoria. Everett was in the side as a right-arm fast-medium bowler but couldn't take a wicket, finishing with figures of 0/48 off 13 overs in the only innings Western Australia bowled. With the bat he was required twice, coming in at eight in the batting order. He was dismissed by Arthur Kenny in both innings, for 13 and 0. 
He played his last league game in 1915, before enlisting with the Australian Army in October that year. Everett served with the 44th Battalion and fought on the Western Front. During action in 1918, Everett suffered gunshot wounds to his leg and shoulder. He was evacuated to England, where he recovered from his wounds and returned to Australia at the end of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="30944164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944164" title="Cortinarius vanduzerensis">
Cortinarius vanduzerensis

Cortinarius vanduzerensis is a species of mushroom in the family Cortinariaceae. Described as new to science in 1972, it is known only from the Pacific Northwest region of North America, where it grows under conifers such as spruce, hemlock, and Douglas-fir. The fruit bodies of the fungus, or mushrooms, have a slimy dark chestnut-brown cap that becomes deeply radially grooved or corrugated in maturity, and reaches diameters of up to . The gills on the underside of the cap are initially pinkish-buff before becoming pale brown when the spores mature. The stem is lavender, measuring long and thick. The mushroom produces a rusty-brown spore print, with individual spores measuring 12–14 by 7–8 micrometers. The edibility of the mushroom has not been determined, and it has been described as "much too slippery to be of value".
Taxonomy.
The species was described in 1972 by mycologists Alexander H. Smith and James M. Trappe, based on specimens they found in Cascade Head in Tillamook County, Oregon, in October and November 1970. The species had also been called "Cortinarius elatior", but that name refers to a European species. Within the genus "Cortinarius", "C. vanduzerensis" is classified in the subgenus "Myxacium". This subgenus includes species in which both the cap and stem are sticky as a result of a glutinous universal veil. Based on the nucleic acid sequence similarity in the internal transcribed spacer region, "C. vanduzerensis" is closely related to the European and North American "C. mucifluus" and the Costa Rican species "C. costaricensis".
A common name for the species is the "pointed Cortinarius", while the specific epithet "vanduzerensis" refers to the H.B. van Duzer Forest where the species was originally collected.
Description.
Young fruit bodies of "C. vanduzerensis" are covered with a slimy universal veil; the slime layer persists on the cap of young mushrooms, or in moist weather. The shape of the cap is oval to conical with the margin initially appressed, expanding to broadly conic or somewhat flattened in maturity, eventually reaching diameters of . The cap color is initially chestnut-brown to black, but becomes paler brown as it matures. The surface is radially wrinkled or corrugated, especially near the margin. The flesh is pallid but soon pale cinnamon-buff. The odor and taste are not distinctive. A drop of FeSO4 solution (a reagent commonly used in mushroom identification) applied to the surface of the cap will turn olive-green.
The gills are pinkish-buff when young (in unopened caps), dull cinnamon-brown at maturity when the spores mature. They are packed close together, and are adnate or adnexed. The stem is long, thick, narrowed slightly to the base. It is pallid within but slowly cinnamon buff at least near the base. The stem surface has a thick slime-veil, and is lavender to light purple on the upper portion, but darker on the lower portion. Sometimes the universal veil breaks up into concentric zones over the lower third of the stem.
The edibility of the mushroom is not known. David Arora notes that it is "much too slippery to be of value".
The spore print is a rusty-brown color. In face view, the spores are broadly elliptic to ovate (egg-shaped), while in profile they appear broadly inequilateral; they have dimensions of 12–14 by 7–8 μm. The spore surface is roughened with warts, and they lack an apical pore. The spores contain two nuclei. The basidia (spore-bearing cells in the hymenium) are four-spored, broadly club-shaped, and have contents that are often in the form of yellow masses or granules when stained in Melzer's reagent. The cheilocystida (cystidia on the gill edge) are club-shaped, sometimes with an abruptly tapering point, and measure 17–26 by 9–15 μm. There are no pleurocystidia (cystidia on the gill face). The gill tissue is made of hyphae that are arranged in a roughly parallel fashion (subparallel); there are also brownish to orange-brown fat-containing hyphae present. The epicutis (outer layer of tissue) of the cap is made of a turf of gelatinous hyphae that measure 2.5–6 μm wide; clamp connections are absent to rare in the hyphae. The veil hyphae are 4–8 μm wide, and hyaline (translucent) to yellow when mounted in a dilute solution of KOH. The hyphae of the cortex of the stem are subparallel, and clamps are present.
Similar species.
Smith and Trappe noted a similarity to the European "Cortinarius elatior", but this species has violet gills at first. "C. collinitis" has a lighter brown slimy cap, with glutinous bands on the stem that are rarely tinged purple. A third species in this group, "C. cylindripes" has a lighter colored, sometimes wrinkled cap, and gills that are pale purple when young with fringed edges. "C. stillatitius" is a related European species found in coniferous (sometimes in mixed) forests. Another glutinous, dark-brown capped species with which "C. vanduzerensis" might be confused is "Phaeocollybia spadicea", but this species has pseudorhiza (a subterranean elongation of the stem) at the stem base and gills that are free from attachment to the stem.
Habitat and distribution.
"Cortinarius vanduzerensis" is a mycorrhizal mushroom that grows in association with conifer trees. The fruit bodies grow solitarily, scattered, in rings or in groups under spruce, hemlock, and Douglas-fir. The mushroom is known only from the Pacific Northwest region of North America, including the Queen Charlotte Islands on the north Coast of British Columbia, Canada. It fruits in the autumn and early winter, or in the late summer in western Canada. Its frequency of occurrence has been described variously as "very common", to "fairly common", or "rare" everywhere except Oregon".

</doc>
<doc id="30944182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944182" title="Dachuna">
Dachuna

Dachuna was a medieval virgin saint venerated in Cornwall. Probably British in origin, Dachuna is known from the list of resting-places of Hugh Candidus, authored c. 1155. Dachuna, along with Medan and Credan, were allegedly associates of Saint Petroc, whom they rested alongside at the church of Bodmin.

</doc>
<doc id="30944201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944201" title="Barry Trahan">
Barry Trahan

Barry G. Trahan (born December 27, 1954 in North Attleborough, Massachusetts) is an American relator and politician who served one term in the Massachusetts House of Representatives as the Representative of the 11th Bristol district.
Trahan was elected in 1986 as a sticker candidate; defeating five-term incumbent Roger Goyette. Trahan served in the House as a Democrat and in 1988 sought the Democratic nomination. Trahan was defeated in the Democratic primary by New Bedford City Councilor Robert Koczera and was unable to win re-election via a second sticker campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="30944223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944223" title="Fin flash">
Fin flash

A fin flash is part of the national markings of the military aircraft of a number of countries.
In addition to the insignia displayed on the wings and fuselage, usually in the form of roundels, an additional marking known as a fin flash may also be displayed on the fin or rudder.
A fin flash often takes the form of vertical, horizontal or slanted stripes in the same colours as the main insignia and may be referred to as rudder stripes if they appear on the rudder instead of the fin, as with the Armee de l'Air of France. Alternatively, a national flag or a roundel may be used. 
Images shown below are as they appear on the left side of the aircraft (i.e. with the left side of the fin flash leading) - in cases where there are no asymmetrical details such as coats of arms or text that cannot be reversed, the image may be reversed for the right side, such as with the Royal Air Force fin flash to keep the same side forward much as with a flag. When a national flag is used, the left side of the aircraft is often the back side of the flag as it is normally flown. Exceptions include the pre-World War II German Third Reich's ostensibly "civilian" aircraft, which used a tricolor set of red-white-black horizontal stripes on the right side of the fin and rudder and the swastika in black, in a white circular field on a red band on the left side of the vertical tail surfaces, in the manner of the Nazi Party flag. 

</doc>
<doc id="30944226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944226" title="Sydney Northcote">
Sydney Northcote

Sydney Northcote was a British musician, writer, editor, composer, arranger, adjudicator and administrator. He was born in Bargoed, Glamorganshire, Wales in 1897.
Life.
He attended Lewis School, Pengam and later studied at the Royal College of Music in London. He took the Oxford B.Mus degree in 1923 and commenced D.Mus in 1932.
For some twenty years he was Organist and Master of the Choristers at Heritage Crafts School in Chailey, Lewes, England; and from 1926 to 1941 he taught at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London. In 1941 he was appointed Music Advisor to the Carnegie United Kingdom Trust. He died at the age of 70 in Croydon, Surrey, England, on 16 May 1968. An obituary appeared in "The Times".
As a writer on music, he championed the cause of the English composer C.W. Orr, and contributed articles to the 5th Edition of Grove's Dictionary of Music and Musicians (MacMillan, 1954). He wrote a number of books, including The Ballad in Music – Byrd to Britten (Norwood Editions, 1977), A Survey of English Song (Baker, 1966) and The Songs of Henri Duparc (Dobson, 1949). As an editor he was responsible for The New Imperial Edition of Solo Songs (Boosey and Hawkes, 1949) and jointly with E.T.Davies, Caneuon Cenedlaethol Cymru - National Songs of Wales (Boosey & Hawkes, 1959), contributing 43 of his own arrangements to this volume.
As an adjudicator, he regularly visited a number of countries, including Canada; in 1963 he adjudicated at the Winnipeg Music Festival, and in Lethbridge, Alberta; and for many years he was a popular adjudicator in Trinidad and Tobago. At the Trinidad Music Festival in 1950, he was impressed with the standard of performance of the young musicians whom he listened to, and dismayed at the lack of an adequate performance venue for them; together with Helen May Johnstone, President of the Trinidad Music Association, he began to lobby the British Government for improved facilities, and was influential in helping to raise funds for the project from the UK Carnegie Trust. As a result of these efforts, the Queen’s Hall was opened in Port-of-Spain in 1959.
References.
Obituary, Welsh Music – Cerddoriaeth Cymru, Vol/Cyf 3 number/rhif 3, 1968

</doc>
<doc id="30944230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944230" title="Akiyaan To Door Jayen Na">
Akiyaan To Door Jayen Na

Akhiyaan To Door Jayeen Na was a Punjabi TV series broadcast on ETC Punjabi (Zee Punjabi in the United States). The show premiered on September 6, 2010 and lasted for a six-month period, concluding on March 30, 2011. Gurbir Singh Grewal was responsible for writing, producing and directing the episodes.
Plot.
The main story revolves around the lead couple Ravjot, known by her nickname Jot (played by Vandana Singh), and Sukhjit, better known as Sukhi (played by Vikram Sidhu), who love each other but are not allowed to do so by their families and the plotting of Karnail (Navdeep Kaler), who wants to marry Jot.
Because of a fallout between them, Karnail has sworn to ruin Jot's life by marrying her; while Jot is aware of his intentions and does not want to. But Jot's family do not approve of her lover Sukhi's family status and want to marry her off to Karnail. Sukhi's family does approve of this relationship, but Sukhi is advised to forget Jot because her parents shall not marry her to him.
Karnail's actions fail a plan by Jot's friends Sona (Surbhi Jyoti) and Vijay to help them elope and marry, which later on caused Jot's father to have a heart attack. He also has Sukhi beaten up by goons. On the other hand, his girlfriend of two years, Aman is pregnant, and he wishes to have her aborted. She refuses and her father tries to talk with Karnail's father Wasaka Singh, who also refuses to have his son married to Aman. He instead has her aborted and then later killed when she threatened to reveal everything to Jot's family.
Karnail and Jot now get engaged and meanwhile Sukhi, trying to follow Jot's advice to forget her, also gets engaged to his partner in his new music career, Deep. But Deep also is aware that Sukhi still loves Jot and shall only marry her. Meanwhile, Jot's family keep getting random calls and suggestions from unrelated people not to marry their daughter to Karnail, whose father brushes it off saying that they are jealous.

</doc>
<doc id="30944237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944237" title="2003 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates">
2003 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the 34 players who earned their 2004 PGA Tour card through Q School in 2003.
2004 Results.
T = Tied <br>
Green background indicates the player retained his PGA Tour card for 2005 (finished inside the top 125). <br>
Yellow background indicates the player did not retain his PGA Tour card for 2005, but retained conditional status (finished between 126-150). <br>
Red background indicates the player did not retain his PGA Tour card for 2005 (finished outside the top 150).

</doc>
<doc id="30944240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944240" title="Zastava PPZ">
Zastava PPZ

The Zastava PPZ is the latest generation of the CZ 99 series of handguns chambered in multiple calibers.
History.
In 2007 Zastava started work on new generation of pistols based on CZ 99 series, under the working name 
"CZ M-07". The M-07 was a general redesign of the CZ 99/999 Pistol.The top of the slide was flattened, sides were slanted (similarly to those of H&K USP), bore axis was lowered by 4mm, trigger mechanism as well as slide release and decocking mechanism were also redesigned, longer beaver tail was added and magazine capacity was increased from 15+1 to 17+1.
In 2010 new prototype was unveiled on IWA Show in Nuremberg under the new working name "RASHOMON" The biggest difference was the new polymer frame featuring Interchangeable back strap and a full length MIL-STD-1913 rail. The slide also underwent a redesign as did the trigger, slide release and decocking mechanism. Weight was reduced to 650 grams (.45 ACP)
In 2012 new prototype was unveiled on IWA Show in Nuremberg under the new working name "PPZ" further refinement of RASHOMON prototype. The Zastava PPZ is in the final stages of design, undergoing reliability testing as of April 2013.
Design details.
The Zastava PPZ will feature a polymer frame, interchangeable back strap and an extended Mil-Std-1913 rail that will run the entire length of the slide.
PPZ is designed from the ground up around the .45ACP caliber, but 9x19mm version is also expected along with a .40 S&W version. It is expected that the design will be modular requiring only the barrel, recoil spring, magazine and possibly the extractor to convert the gun from one caliber to another.
There are unconfirmed rumors that the PPZ will be available in 7.62×25mm Tokarev caliber. It is estimated that the magazine capacity in .45 ACP caliber will be 14 rounds, 15 rounds in .40 S&W caliber, 17 or 18 rounds in 9x19 mm (based on capacity increases prototyped in Zastava CZ 07 / M-07 prototype), while in 7.62x25mm the capacity is estimated to be 20 rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="30944279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944279" title="Alexander Vasiliev (ice hockey b. 1987)">
Alexander Vasiliev (ice hockey b. 1987)

Alexander Vasiliev (born January 3, 1987) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays with PHC Krylya Sovetov in the Russian Major League.

</doc>
<doc id="30944286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944286" title="Ffermio">
Ffermio

"Ffermio" is a farming and countryside magazine series, which is broadcast on S4C on Monday nights at 8.25pm.
"Ffermio" was launched in 1997 and the original series was presented by Sulwyn Thomas, Gerallt Pennant and Rachael Garside, and dealt with the latest farming issues, as well as including the latest livestock market prices throughout Wales.
In 2005 the series was relaunched with a new branding and presenting team. The launch included the usual weekly "Ffermio" programme on "S4C", and a twice-weekly farming news and weather bulletin on "S4C Digidol". The new presenters included Iola Wyn, Daloni Metcalfe, Alun Elidyr and Mererid Wigley.
The "Bwletin Ffermio" included details on legislation and market prices for example, which meant that longer items could be featured in the half-hour programmes on subjects of wider appeal such as organic food, transport, health and rural housing, and portraits of rural characters from all ages and backgrounds. Mererid Wigley was the main presenter of this programme, until August 2008. Terwyn Davies joined the team as the Bwletin's presenter in summer 2008 until the series ended in May 2009.
In January 2011, Iola Wyn left her role as presenter after six years at the helm. On 24 January 2011, Meinir Jones made her first appearance as the programme's new presenter.
On 14 January 2011, Rachael Garside made a one-off return to "Ffermio" in a special programme, "Cofio'r Clwy, where she revisited some of the farms and businesses worst hit by the Foot and Mouth epidemic in 2001.
On 28 February 2011, Terwyn Davies made a return to the presenting team, as Daloni Metcalfe took some time off on maternity leave.

</doc>
<doc id="30944313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944313" title="Bucephalidae">
Bucephalidae

Members of the family Bucephalidae are trematode flatworms with no oral sucker, using instead a rhynchus as an adhesive organ at their anterior end. Many are common parasites of freshwater fish. 
The name "Bucephalus" meaning "ox head" was originally applied to the genus "Bucephalus" because of the horn-like appearance of the forked tail (furcae) of its cercaria larva. By what Manter calls a "curious circumstance", horns are also suggested by the long tentacles of adult worms. 
They typically occur in teleost fishes as sexually reproducing adults. In their intermediate hosts, which include mollusks and at least one amphibian, they occur as asexually reproducing stages. 
The characteristic feature is an anterior rhyncus or holdfast that is separate from the digestive system. They also differ from other digeneans in the configuration of the digestive systems and genitalia. The intestine is simple and saccular; they have no acetabulum.

</doc>
<doc id="30944316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944316" title="Alexander Shvetsov">
Alexander Shvetsov

Alexander Shvetsov (born September 29, 1988) is a Russian professional Russian ice hockey forward who currently plays with Saryarka Karagandy in the Higher Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30944322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944322" title="Striped Elk Lake">
Striped Elk Lake

Striped Elk Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Striped Elk Lake is northeast of Mount Saint Nicholas.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (M-Z)

</doc>
<doc id="30944332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944332" title="Andrei Smirnov (ice hockey)">
Andrei Smirnov (ice hockey)

Andrei Smirnov (born April 24, 1990) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30944384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944384" title="Jean de Chastelet">
Jean de Chastelet

Jean du Chatelet, also known as Baron de Beausoleil and Auffembach (born 1578 Brabant - died around 1645, The Bastille, Paris), was a mineralogist, mining engineer and dowser.
Life.
After an early career as a soldier, du Chatelet became enthused with the study of minerals and undertook a tour of Europe visiting mines in Germany, Hungary, Bohemia, Tyrol, Silesia, Moravia, Poland, Sweden, Italy, Spain, Scotland, and England. Through his extensive research he gained an unequaled expertise in mining and minerals. The German emperors Rudolph and Matthias appointed him Commissary General of the Hungarian mines.
In 1610 he married Martine Bertereau, the educated daughter of a noble family of French mine owners who accompanied him on his tours and at his work underground.
The instruments and methods that the couple employed in their mineral exploration have led to his being associated with dowsing, astrology and alchemy.
From around 1600 du Chatelet had undertaken a commission from the King of France to prospect within France and develop mines there. The semi-occult methods he used brought him a brush with the ecclesiastical authorities in 1627 while in Brittany. He and his wife were forced to flee to Germany and lost much of their records and equipment in the process. They returned to France in 1630 to continue their work under a new French King, Louis XIII.
During all his work for the French state, du Chatelet had never received payment and in 1640 in a precarious financial state his wife Martine wrote the "Restitution of Pluto" a Latin poem asking for payment and sent rather rashly to Cardinal Richelieu. They received no reply but the charges of sorcery were resurrected and they were both imprisoned - he in the Bastille and she in the Castle of Vincennes. Both died in prison, he around 1645 and she in 1642.

</doc>
<doc id="30944411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944411" title="Ilya Musin (ice hockey)">
Ilya Musin (ice hockey)

Ilya Musin (born February 3, 1991) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30944419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944419" title="Leucopogon juniperinus">
Leucopogon juniperinus

Leucopogon juniperinus, also known as prickly beard-heath, is a common shrub found in eastern Australia. Found on a variety of soil types and habitats in eucalyptus woodland or forest. Often seen on more fertile sedimentary based clay soils. 
A dense, small prickly plant usually less than a metre high. It features attractive long white flowers and sweet creamy yellow fruit. Flowers form from May to October, fruit mature in December and January. The sharp pointed leaves are 5.6 to 11.8 mm long, and 1.2 to 2.5 mm wide.
The specific epithet "juniperinus" refers to the similarity of the prickly European plant, the Juniper. In 1805 this species first appeared in the scientific literature by Christiaan Persoon in his "Synopsis Plantarum". And in 1810 it appeared in the "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae", authored by the prolific Scottish botanist, Robert Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="30944425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944425" title="Rose Catherine Pinkney">
Rose Catherine Pinkney

Rose Catherine Pinkney (born 1964) is an American television development executive. She was hired as the VP Development and Original Programming for TV Land in 2012. Pinkney has previously served as Director of Programming at Twentieth Century Fox Television, Senior Vice President of Comedy Development at Paramount Pictures Television and executive vice president of programming and production at TV One. She most recently served as the head of the television arm of Laurence Fishburne's production company, Cinema Gypsy. Among Pinkney's accolades are Network Journal's 25 Most Influential Black Women in Business, Cable World's Top 50 Women in Cable and Black Enterprise's Top 50 Entertainment Executives.
Early life and academic career.
Pinkney was born and raised in Prince George's County, Maryland, the youngest child and only daughter of Joseph and Maud Pinkney. She points to her parents' marriage, which had lasted 56 years, as her model of personal values that she has carried through life. Hailing from , Pinkney is a graduate of Gwynn Park High School. She has an A.B. from Princeton University in sociology and an M.B.A. from UCLA's Anderson School of Management with a concentration in marketing and entertainment management. Pinkney is a 1986 graduate of Princeton and a lifetime member of its Association of Black Princeton Alumni. She graduated from the Anderson School in 1988 and served on its Alumni Advisory Board.
Professional career.
While director of programming at Twentieth Century Fox, she developed series such as "The X-Files" and supervised "In Living Color" for four years. While serving as director of programming she developed comedy, drama and alternative series and as current programming executive, she oversaw the production of several comedies, dramas and alternative shows each year. Among the other shows she developed were "New York Undercover", "South Central", and "Alien Nation".
Subsequently, she served as Upton Entertainment's Vice President and head of television. Here she supervised the creation of "New York Undercover".
Next, she was Senior Vice President of comedy development at Paramount Network Television, where over the course of nearly ten years she developed more than 30 television programs for six television networks, including United Paramount Network's (UPN) "Girlfriends". She joined Paramount in 1995 as Vice President of comedy development and was promoted to Senior Vice President and department head in 2002. During her time at Paramount other shows she developed included "Becker", "One on One" and "Andy Richter Controls the Universe". As department head, her responsibilities included identifying writers, directors, talent and ideas for comedy series for television.
She was hired at TV One, which is the second-oldest and second-largest black television network behind BET, in December 2005, and she started in January 2006. At TV One, where she served as executive vice president of programming and development, she was responsible for programming strategy and oversaw all program production, acquisition, scheduling and business development for the network. Her time at TV One was spent in unscripted reality and lifestyle programming television. When UPN and WB merged to form CW in September 2006 prior to the 2006–07 United States network television season, several of the African-American-themed sitcoms that Pinkney had developed while at Paramount were short-lived. Pinkney has been one of the more outspoken executives on the issue of portrayal of race relations on air.
In December 2008, Cinema Gypsy, which is Laurence Fishburne's production company, signed a first-look deal with CBS Paramount Network Television to produce television shows. At that time, Pinkney was named to head the television arm of Cinema Gypsy as it expanded its operations to television programming. In her capacity, she oversaw the development of programming for broadcast and cable networks.
In 2012, Pinkney became VP Development and Original Programming at TV Land, assuming responsibility for TV Land’s existing original series and the development of new ones. Pinkney reports to the EVP Development and Original Programming Keith Cox.

</doc>
<doc id="30944430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944430" title="Hudson Warehouse">
Hudson Warehouse

The Hudson Warehouse is a theatre company in New York City that presents classical plays in modern settings. Known as "The Other Shakespeare in the Park," the company was founded in 2004 by Nicholas Martin-Smith, who serves as its artistic director.
Summer performances take place on the North Patio of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument in Riverside Park, at West 89th and Riverside Drive in New York City, along the Hudson River. The theater company's winter home is Goddard Riverside's Bernie Wohl Center and the winter season consists of two productions.
The theater's full year season includes five productions of the classics, including Shakespeare, Euripides and Chekhov. 
History.
Hudson Warehouse's first season in 2004 consisted of a single modest production of "The Tempest", performed over two weeks that July. The season has since extended to the whole summer, with three productions that each have a month-long run. Past productions include "Hamlet", "Midsummer Night's Dream", "The Taming of the Shrew", "Pericles, Prince of Tyre", "MacBeth", "Romeo and Juliet", "Merry Wives of Windsor", "Cyrano" and "Trojan Women", adapted from the tragedy by Euripides. Hudson Warehouse productions in 2012 were "The Comedy of Errors", "The Rover", and "Richard III". The company also holds readings and workshops throughout the year, including its 'Shakespeare in the Bar' series and the 'Writers-a-Go-Go' (WAGG) contemporary play reading series.
In addition to the summer season and other Shakespeare readings throughout the year, the company also teaches workshops on the classics to high school students, brings its productions into schools, run the 'Hudson Warehouse Shakespeare Workout' and teach play writing to 4th and 5th graders as part of the 'Afterschool Program' at Goddard Riverside.
2013-2014 Season.
In the Autumn of 2013 the Hudson Warehouse became the Resident Theater Company at Goddard Riverside's Bernie Wohl Arts Center at Columbus Avenue on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. Their 11th season in November 2013 began with a remounting of their June 2013 production of "The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (abridged)", by Adam Long, Daniel Singer and Jess Winfield, at the Bernie Wohl Center Directed by Susane Lee. The cast included Ian Harkins, Rafe Terrizzi and Nicholas Martin-Smith. This was followed by a production of Julius Caesar in March 2014.
Their Summer Season at the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument in Riverside Park includes "King John" directed by Jerrod Bogard, Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest directed by Nicholas Martin-Smith and The Winter's Tale directed by Joseph Hamel.
Shakespeare in the Bar and Writers-a-Go-Go Reading Series.
Since 2010 Hudson Warehouse has also brought its work into the barroom in its 'Shakespeare in the Bar' series, where the acting troupe sit among the bar patrons as if customers themselves as they perform the readings. Regarding the series, John Marshall of the Huffington Post has written, "A natural outgrowth of the Warehouse's critically acclaimed summer productions at the Sailors and Soldiers' Monument, 'Shakespeare in the Bar' seeks to create the same intimate, accessible atmosphere, not just for Shakespeare, but for other classics as well." The 2012/2013 'Shakespeare in the Bar' season included "Richard II", "Lysistrata" by Aristophanes, "Othello", "The Winter's Tale" and "Hedda Gabler" by Henrik Ibsen. Earlier seasons included productions of "The Taming of the Shrew", "The Seagull" by Anton Chekhov to mark Chekhov's 151st birthday, "Henry V", "The Merry Wives of Windsor", "Richard II", "Macbeth", and "Tartuffe" by Molière.
The company's Writers A Go-Go (WAGG) Reading Series and Workshop features readings of plays by new and emerging writers. These staged readings also take place in an informal barroom setting. The series is run by Hudson Warehouse Assistant Artistic Director Susane Lee.
Current company.
Along with Martin-Smith, and the Assistant Artistic Director Susane Lee, the Artists in Residence include David Palmer Brown, Tommy Demenkoff, Nick DeVita, Jared Kirby, Roxann Kraemer, Ian Harkins, Michael Menger, Jonathan William Minton, Ruth Nightengale, Emily Rose Parman, Vince Phillip, Roger Dale Stude, and George K. Wells.

</doc>
<doc id="30944431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944431" title="Elfin of Warrington">
Elfin of Warrington

Elfin of Warrington is a little-known saint venerated in medieval Warrington, near the modern city of Liverpool. He is known only from one entry in the Domesday Book, his cult or church holding one carucate of land. The name is Brittonic, derived from Latin "Alpinus".

</doc>
<doc id="30944448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944448" title="Jackstraw Lake">
Jackstraw Lake

Jackstraw Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Jackstraw Lake is south of Bearhead Mountain.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30944457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944457" title="Sergei Simonov (ice hockey)">
Sergei Simonov (ice hockey)

Sergei Simonov (born July 25, 1992) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010–11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="30944532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944532" title="Lake Isabel">
Lake Isabel

Lake Isabel main refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30944544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944544" title="Tamarack/Osceola Smelter">
Tamarack/Osceola Smelter

Tamarack/Osceola Smelter was a copper smelter jointly built by the Tamarack and Osceola mining companies in 1888 in Dollar Bay, Michigan. The smelting was merged in 1891 with the Detroit and Lake Superior Company to form the Lake Superior Smelting Company.

</doc>
<doc id="30944548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944548" title="Daloni Metcalfe">
Daloni Metcalfe

Daloni Metcalfe is a Welsh television and radio presenter (born 9 February 1968), currently presenting the Ffermio and Fferm Ffactor series on S4C.
Early life.
Daloni's family were farmers breeding cattle and sheep on a small holding in the parish of Llanrhychwyn in the Conwy Valley. In her youth, she was a member of Llanrwst Young Farmers' Club. She graduated from the University of Wales Aberystwyth.
Broadcasting career.
Daloni's first job with BBC Wales, in 1989, saw her in Dyffryn Conwy presenting at the National Eisteddfod. She expanded into other areas including presenting for Heno and Wedi 7 and presenting the news for S4C, for whom she also annually presents the Royal Welsh Show. She joined the Ffermio team in January 2005, and began presenting a new series - Fferm Ffactor in 2009.
Personal life.
Daloni farms with her husband Wil and their five children in Tudweiliog on the Llyn Peninsula where they breed sheep and commercial cattle. Daloni herself has recently begun breeding Aberdeen Angus calves.

</doc>
<doc id="30944549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944549" title="Fort Al Jalali">
Fort Al Jalali

Fort al-Jalali, or Ash Sharqiya Fort, is a fort in the harbor of the old city of Muscat, Oman. The fort was built by the Portuguese in the 1580s to protect the harbor after Muscat had twice been sacked by Ottoman forces. It fell to Omani forces in 1650. During the civil wars between 1718 and 1747, the fort was twice captured by Persians who had been invited to assist one of the rival Imams. The fort was extensively rebuilt later.
At times, al Jalali served as a refuge or a jail for a member of the royal family. For much of the 20th century it was used as Oman's main prison, but this function ended in the 1970s. Fort al-Jalali was restored in 1983 and converted into a private museum of Omani cultural history, that is accessible only to dignitaries visiting the country. Exhibits include cannons, old muskets and matchlocks, maps, rugs and other artifacts.
Etymology.
The Portuguese called the structure "Forte de São João" (Fort St. John). The origin of the present name "Al Jalali" is disputed. One theory is that it comes from the Arabic "Al Jalal", which means "great beauty". Another is that it is named after a Persian leader called "Jalal Shah". And there may have been a Baluchi or Arab commander called Jalal—however, this is not supported by any historical record. Al Jalali Fort is also known as the Ash Sharqiya Fort.
Location.
"Muscat" means "anchorage".
True to its name, Old Muscat is a natural port in a strategic location between the Persian Gulf and the Indian Ocean. It lies on the coast of the Gulf of Oman on a bay about long, protected from the sea by a rocky island.
The port is surrounded by mountains, making it difficult to access from the landward side. Muscat may have been described by the geographer Ptolemy in the 2nd century, who noted a "concealed harbor" in the region.
Al Jalali Fort lies on a rocky outcrop on the east side of the Muscat harbor. It faces Fort Al-Mirani, which is built on another outcrop on the west side. Muscat was strongly defended against attack from the sea by these twin forts, by the Muttrah fort further to the west and by other fortifications on the rocky ridges surrounding the bay.
Until recently, the fort was only accessible from the harbor side by way of a steep flight of stone steps.
Land reclamation on the seaward side of the rock has now provided space for a heliport. A funicular railway makes the fort more accessible.
History.
Background.
In the early 15th century Muscat was a minor port, used by ships as a place to collect water. 
By the start of the 16th century it was becoming an important trading center. 
At this time the interior of Oman was ruled by an Arab Imam, but the coast on which Muscat lay was subject to the Persian King of Hormuz.
In 1497 the Portuguese navigator Vasco da Gama found a route around the southern cape of Africa and east to India and the Spice Islands. The Portuguese quickly began trying to establish a monopoly on the trade in spices, silk and other goods. They came into conflict with Mamluk Egypt, whose trade with Europe through the Red Sea was threatened. Hormuz was the main center for the trade route with modern Iraq and Iran through the Persian Gulf. 
The Portuguese wanted control of this route, too.
On 10 August 1507, an expedition of six ships under Admiral Afonso de Albuquerque left the newly established Portuguese base on Socotra with Hormuz as the objective.
The Portuguese sailed along the Oman coast destroying ships and looting the towns.
At Qurayyat, which they took after a hard fight, the Portuguese mutilated their captives, killed the inhabitants regardless of sex or age, and despoiled and burned the town. Muscat, at first, surrendered unconditionally to avoid the same fate.
However, the people withdrew their submission when reinforcements arrived. Albuquerque launched a successful assault against Muscat. He slaughtered most of the inhabitants, and then plundered and burned the town.
The Portuguese continued along the coast.
The governor of Sohar agreed to transfer his allegiance to the king of Portugal and to pay tribute.
The Portuguese arrived at Hormuz on 26 September 1507. They took the town after fierce resistance on 10 October 1507. 
Albuquerque signed a treaty under which the Portuguese were free of customs duties and could build a fort and trading factory at Hormuz.
Muscat now became a regular port of call for the Portuguese. Diego Fernandes de Bega came there in 1512 to collect the tribute. 
Albuquerque, now Viceroy of India, visited in March 1515.
In 1520 a fleet of twenty three Portuguese ships anchored in the harbor en route from the Red Sea to Hormuz.
When a general revolt against Portuguese rule over Hormuz broke out in November 1521, Muscat was the one place where the Portuguese were not attacked.
Portuguese stronghold.
In 1527 the Portuguese began to construct a barracks, warehouse and chapel at Muscat, apparently completed in 1531.
A force of four Ottoman galiots entered the harbor in 1546 and bombarded the town, but did not land. To make their base more secure the Portuguese sent an engineer to build a fort to the west of the harbor, where al-Mirani stands today. 
The Portuguese built this first Muscat fort in 1550.
In April 1552 an Ottoman fleet of twenty four galleys and four supply ships under Piri Reis left Suez en route to Hormuz, aiming to eliminate Portuguese presence in the region. An advance force landed at Muscat in July 1552. After an eighteen day siege of Muscat the town fell and the fort was destroyed. The commander, João de Lisboa, and 128 Portuguese were taken captive. The main Ottoman fleet arrived, and the combined fleet went on to Hormuz.
The Portuguese regained the town two years later, and in 1554 repulsed another attack by the Turks.
Fort Al Jalali was built after the Ottomans sacked Muscat for a second time in 1582.
In 1587 Captain Belchior Calaça was sent to Muscat to build the fortress, which was named "Forte de São João".
The top of the prominence on which the fort stands was first leveled, and the rock was scarped.
Calaça built a cistern to hold water for the occupants and armed the fort with cannon.
It seems to have been built on older foundations. The main improvement made by the Portuguese was to construct a gun deck looking over the harbor.
Fort al-Jalali and the twin Fort al-Mirani were both completed between 1586 and 1588.
The Portuguese faced growing competition in the region from English and Dutch traders. In 1622 a joint Persian-English force took Hormuz.
After this the Portuguese built forts in other ports on the Omani coast, although they abandoned most of them in 1633–34, concentrating on defending Muscat.
After 1622 the Portuguese began to strengthen Fort al Jalali, apparently with the intention of making it the main fort. 
However, in 1623 Fort Capitan (today's al Mirani) was still considered the more important of the two forts, and was used as a residence in the hot weather by the governor of Muscat.
In 1625 the Portuguese built walls and towers around Muscat to improve the defenses. Remains of these fortifications exist today. 
Muscat was a drain on Portuguese finances, with its requirement to maintain large military and naval forces to defend it. Trade did not prosper as hoped since the Persian market was closed to them until 1630. By then the Dutch and English dominated trade in the Persian Gulf.
Nasir bin Murshid (r. 1624–49) was the first Imam of the Yaruba dynasty in Oman, elected in 1624.
He was able to unify the tribes with a common goal of expelling the Portuguese.
Nasir bin Murshid drove the Portuguese out of all their bases in Oman except Muscat. He was succeeded by his cousin Sultan bin Saif in 1649.
In December 1649 the forces of Sultan bin Saif captured the town of Muscat. About 600 Portuguese managed to escape by sea, while others fled into Fort Capitan (al Mirani).
They surrendered on 23 January 1650.
The capture of Muscat from the Portuguese marked the beginning of an expansion of Omani sea power in which the Portuguese possessions in India and East Africa soon came under threat.
Persian invasions.
After the death in 1718 of the fifth Yaruba Imam of Oman, Sultan bin Saif II, a struggle began between rival contenders for the Imamate.
Fort al-Jalali was damaged during this civil war.
The country became divided between Saif bin Sultan II and his cousin Bal'arab bin Himyar, rival Imams. Finding his power dwindling, Saif bin Sultan II asked for help from Nader Shah of Persia.
In 1738 the two forts were surrendered to the Persian forces.
The Persians reembarked for Persia, taking their loot with them.
A few years later Saif bin Sultan II, who had been deposed, again called for help. A Persian expedition arrived at Julfar around October 1742.
The Persians made an unsuccessful attempt to take Muscat, defeated by a stratagem of the new Imam Sultan bin Murshid.
Later in 1743 the Persians returned, bringing Saif bin Sultan II with them. They took the town of Muscat, but the al-Jalali and al-Mirani forts held out and Saif bin Sultan II would not order them to yield. Omani historians say that the Persian commander, Mirza Taki, invited Saif to a banquet on his ship. Saif became stupefied by wine and his seal was taken from him. It was used to forge orders to the forts' commanders to surrender, a ruse that was successful.
Later history.
Ahmad bin Said al-Busaidi, the first ruler of the Al Said dynasty, blockaded Muscat and captured the forts in 1749. He renovated them, particularly al-Jalali. The function of al-Jalali changed from passive defense of the harbor to a base from which troops could be dispatched. In the decades that followed the large central buildings and the round towers were added.
Early in 1781 two of Ahmad bin Said's sons, Sultan and Saif, took control of the forts of al-Mirani and al-Jalali. 
When the governor of Muscat tried to recover the forts, Sultan and Saif began a damaging bombardment of the town.
The two brothers gained the support of the powerful Sheikh Sarkar, who marched on the capital in April 1781.
Their father agreed to an amnesty, letting his rebellious sons hold both the forts. He changed his mind and took al Mirani, while the brothers held al Jelali for some months.
Sultan and Saif then kidnapped their brother Said bin Ahmad and imprisoned him in al Jalali.
The Imam, their father, hurried to Muscat which he reached in January 1782. He ordered the commander of al Mirani to fire on al Jalali while his ships joined in from the east of the fort.
While this was in progress Said bin Ahmad bribed his jailer and escaped. Isolated and without a hostage, the two brothers agreed to surrender.
The Imam took Saif and held him under surveillance to prevent a fresh rebellion.
Said bin Ahmad ruled from 1783 to 1789. During his reign his son was held prisoner in Fort al-Jalali for a period by the governor of Muscat, until another of his sons managed to free him.
The fort is mentioned several times in the history of 19th century Oman.
While the ruler of Oman was away on a pilgrimage to Mecca early in 1803, his nephew Badr bin Saif made an attempt to get control of Fort Jalali. 
The story is that he was being smuggled into the fort in a large box, but was detected by a Hindu trader. He managed to escape and took refuge in Qatar.
In June 1849 the governor of Sohar made a treaty with the British resident to suppress the slave trade. This triggered a revolt by the religious party in which the governor was killed and his father, Hamad, was made governor. The Sultan of Oman, then residing in Zanzibar, arranged for Hamad to be seized and thrown in jail in Fort al Jalali. Hamad died on 23 April 1850, either from starvation or from poison.
In 1895 the tribes sacked Muscat. Sultan Faisal bin Turki took refuge in Fort al-Jalali until his brother, who was holding Fort al-Mirani, regained control of the town.
For most of the 20th century Fort al-Jalali was the main prison in Oman, holding about 200 prisoners. Some were Omanis from the interior captured during the Jebel Akhdar War (1954–59), or taken after that war. Other prisoners were taken during the Dhofar Rebellion (1962–76).
It was the most notorious of Omani prisons, which were known for their appalling conditions.
Colonel David Smiley, commander of the Sultan's armed forces at Muscat, called the prison "a veritable hellhole".
In 1963 forty four prisoners escaped in a well-planned break-out, but most were quickly recaptured, handicapped by their weakened physical condition. In 1969 a guard helped two members of the royal family escape, but they were caught after a few days. The prison was closed in the 1970s.
Structure and exhibits.
Fort al-Jalali was restored in 1983.
Today little remains of the Portuguese period apart from a few inscriptions in that language.
It has been converted into a museum of Omani cultural history.
It is open to important people such as visiting heads of state, but not to the public.
The fort is made up of two towers with a connecting wall pierced by gun ports for cannon.
The interior is now landscaped with fountains and pools, trees and gardens. The result has been described as "Disneyfication".
In the center of the fort there is a courtyard planted with trees. Around it on various levels are rooms, enclosures and towers accessible through a complex set of stairways that may have once had a defensive purpose. Massive doors with protruding iron spikes protect sections of the fort.
Exhibits include cannons at the gun ports with shot, ropes and firing equipment, and old muskets and matchlocks. There are maps and other illustrations of historical times, including a plaque that depicts the winds and the currents in Muscat bay. One room, with a ceiling made from palm-logs, is filled with cultural relics of Oman. The square central tower holds the main museum exhibits including rugs, pottery, jewelry, weapons, household utensils and incense holders. A dining hall overlooks the courtyard for use by the distinguished visitors. An old breeze-maker has been preserved in this room, once manually operated but now mechanized.
The fort plays a role in special events where the royal dhow and yacht sail in state through the harbor, fireworks are launched and bagpipers play on the battlements.
Notes and references.
Notes
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="30944563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944563" title="Yuri Nazarov (ice hockey)">
Yuri Nazarov (ice hockey)

Yuri Nazarov is a professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Metallurg Novokuznetsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30944564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944564" title="East Barito Regency">
East Barito Regency

East Barito Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which comprise the Central Kalimantan Province on the island of Kalimantan (Borneo), Indonesia. The town of Tamiang Layang is the capital of East Barito Regency. The population of East Barito Regency was 96,820 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="30944571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944571" title="Brasiae">
Brasiae

Brasiae or Brasies or Prasies (; Homeric Greek: Βρυσειαί; Latin: "Bryseae"; ) is an Ancient Greek city in South-East Peloponnese. It is located four kilometers SE of Leonidio, next to Plaka. Brasiae was part of Menelaus' kingdom and is mentioned by Homer in the Catalogue of Ships. Brasiae was an important harbour and a naval base of Sparta during the Peloponnesian War. Later it consisted with other cities the Koinon of Free Laconians according to Pausanias.

</doc>
<doc id="30944578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944578" title="Mickey Finn (Irish fiddler)">
Mickey Finn (Irish fiddler)

Mickey Finn (31 December 1951 – 15 April 1987) was a traditional Irish fiddler. He was fixture in Galway's traditional music scene during the 1970s and 1980s, playing with artists such as Mary Coughlan, Mick Lally, and Christy Moore.
Early life.
Finn was born in Callan, County Kilkenny. He began learning the fiddle in the early 1960s. After his family moved to Ballinrobe, County Mayo in 1963, he was taken under the wing of a Christian Brothers School brother, Brother Forrestal, who trained him in the fiddle style of Sligo fiddler Michael Coleman.
Career.
In Galway in 1970, Finn played in traditional music sessions, particularly at the Cellar Bar, and became popular for his rock/traditional/jazz fusion style, never playing a traditional tune exactly the same way twice. In an interview with Kevin McGuire in the Galway Advertiser, Frankie Gavin told of the Cellar Bar sessions, believing Finn to be an influence on contemporary musicians in Galway.
Contemporaries.
Finn's Cellar Bar sessions also included actor Mick Lally, who was at that time more noted for his singing than for his acting. Lally was a great singer of comedy songs in the sean-nós style.
Internationally renowned Galway-born blues singer Mary Coughlan was also a close personal friend of Finn. When she recorded a version of Johnny Mulhern's `Delaney's Gone Back On The Wine' she dedicated the song to him .
Dicklerfitz.
In the early 1970s, Finn joined singer and guitarist Terry Smith to form the group "Dicklerfitz" with flute player Mick Treacy, and later, in 1974, with multi-instrumentallist Alec Finn (no relation). Frankie Gavin (fiddler)
Christy Moore.
Christy Moore has memories of those Galway days. On listening to the Johnny Mulhern song Hard Cases, Moore remarks on his Christy-Chat website how it brought him back to the Cellar Bar days in Galway. Moore also mentions Finn in his song "Sodom & Begorrah". In August 1987, Moore dedicated "Hard Cases" to Finn, saying that going to Galway would never be the same again without Mickey.
Media.
Finn appeared in the 1985 Welsh-language TV film "Pair of Shoes" "(Pâr o Sgidiau)", comedy-drama road movie starring Neil Tobín, James Bartley and David Kelly. He also appeared in the Bob Quinn film "Caoineadh Airt Uí Laoire" "(1975)". The only known videos of Finn are from these two films.
In March 2008, "No Cure for Mickey Finn" a biographical radio broadcast on RTE described his music, personality, and "the symbiotic relationship between traditional music and alcohol".
Family.
Finn came from a musical family; his parents were accomplished piano players, his father Bill being a composer of tunes. Finn re-arranged one of his father's tunes into an air, later called "Mickey Finn's Air", which was recorded by tin whistler Seán Ryan for his CD "Minstrel's Fancy"(1995) and by Alec Finn on his CD "Blue Shamrock" (1995).
Finn is survived by his wife Lena Ullman, who plays five-string banjo with the Americana band "Moonshine", daughter Sadie; two brothers, Billy (who plays flute, whistles, and pipes) and Johnny (guitarist and singer/songwriter); and sisters, Elizabeth (singer), Mary (singer) and Jackie (piano player and singer).
References.
http://archive.advertiser.ie/pages/preview.php?ref=17343&ext=jpg&k=&search=%21collection904&offset=0&order_by=field8&sort=DESC&archive=0
http://www.advertiser.ie/galway/article/10991
http://archive.advertiser.ie/pages/preview.php?ref=97860&ext=jpg&k=&search=%21collection1925&offset=40&order_by=field51&sort=ASC&archive=0
http://www.gaelport.com/sonrai-nuachta?NewsItemID=5397
http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/obituaries/2010/0904/1224278192533.html
http://www.nattceol.org/wiki/tiki-print.php?page=Minstrel's%20Fancy
http://www.getmusic.com.au/store/artist/music/detail.aspx?pid=60759&aid=61780
http://www.christymoore.com/lyrics_detail.php?id=159
http://www.christymoore.com/lyrics_detail.php?id=178

</doc>
<doc id="30944596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944596" title="North Barito Regency">
North Barito Regency

North Barito Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which divide the Central Kalimantan Province on the island of Kalimantan, Indonesia. Muara Taweh is the capital of North Barito Regency. The population of North Barito Regency is 122,929 (2006).
Airports.
A new airport is built by Muara Taweh now and predicted initial operation in 2013. The airport covers 180 hectares area and will has 2,250 metres length and 30 metres width of runway to accommodate wide body aircraft.
The new airport will replace Beringin Airport which cannot be expanded.

</doc>
<doc id="30944612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944612" title="Gunung Mas Regency">
Gunung Mas Regency

Gunung Mas Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which comprise the Central Kalimantan Province on the island of Kalimantan (Borneo), Indonesia. The town of Kuala Kurun is the capital of Gunung Mas Regency. The population of Gunung Mas Regency is 96,838 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="30944615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944615" title="Minor tetra">
Minor tetra

The minor tetra ("Hyphessobrycon minor") is a small fish from the Essequibo River in Guyana in South America, closely resembling its relative, the serpae tetra, from the Amazon and Paraguay. In the wild, these two very similar species are separated geographically, so they would not interbreed.
Water conditions.
The minor tetra is suited to a pH between 6.5 and 7.6, slightly alkaline than most South American tetras. A temperature between 23 and 27°C (73 and 81°F) is suitable for maintenance. Moderate water hardness is not a problem.

</doc>
<doc id="30944622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944622" title="Lake Isabel (Flathead County, Montana)">
Lake Isabel (Flathead County, Montana)

Lake Isabel is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Lake Isabel is northeast of Battlement Mountain and northwest of Vigil Peak. Located in a remote region of Glacier National Park, Lake Isabel is a roundtrip hike from Two Medicine Lake.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30944625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944625" title="Stan Sperry">
Stan Sperry

Stanley Kenneth Sperry (February 19, 1914 – September 27, 1962) was a second baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies and Philadelphia Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="30944631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944631" title="Nakhtubasterau">
Nakhtubasterau

Nakhtubasterau (Nakhtbastetiru) was the Great Royal Wife of Amasis II. She dates to the Twenty-sixth dynasty of Egypt. Her name honors Bastet.
Biography.
Nakhtubasterau was one of the wives known for Pharaoh Amasis II. She is known from a stela from the Serapeum. She held the titles "king's wife, his beloved", "great one of the hetes sceptre" and "great of praises".
She was the mother of two sons:
Burial.
Nakhtubasterau was buried in Giza in a rock-cut tomb now numbered G 9550. Her anthropoid black granite sarcophagus is now in Saint Petersburg (767). She was buried with her son Ahmose - sometimes called Amasis - who was a general. The name of the cat-goddess Bastet was chiseled out of Nakhtubasterau's sarcophagus.

</doc>
<doc id="30944642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944642" title="Kapuas Regency">
Kapuas Regency

Kapuas Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which divide the island of Kalimantan, Central Kalimantan Province, Indonesia. Kuala Kapuas is the capital of Kapuas Regency. The population of Kapuas Regency is 329,406 (2010).
Geography.
Kapuas Regency is the one of 17 regency/city of Kalimantan Tengah Province.
Total area of Kapuas regency is 14.999 Km2 or 14.999.000 Ha (9,77 percentage of regional area of Kalimantan Tengah Province) which is divided into two of big area, the ebbtide and non ebbtide area. The ebbtide area (generally in south area) is potential for food crop agriculture, while the non ebbtide area ( generally in north area) is potential for people and private rubber farm.
Area Border
Area Border of Kapuas Regency are:
a. Eastside has boundary with Barito Selatan Regency and Kalimantan Selatan Province (Barito Kuala Regency)
b. Westside has boundary with Pulang Pisau Regency
c. Northside has boundary with Gunung Mas Regency
d. Southside has boundary with Java Sea.
Topography
At the northside was hill area, with height ranged from 100 - 500 metre from sea surface and had inclination level ranged from 8 - 15 degree, and also had mountain area with inclination ranged from 15 - 25 degree. At the southside consisted of coash and marsh with height ranged from 0 - 5 metre from sea surface and had elevation 0% - 8% and also be influenced by ebbtide. This area had floods potency. Kapuas Regency also had waters territory (lake, marsh and some rivers).
Rivers in Kapuas Regency are:
1. Kapuas Murung River, with length ± 66,38 km
2. Kapuas River, with length ± 600,00 km
3. Coastal area of Java Sea, with length ± 189,85 km
Hidrology
Except the above rivers, there are 4 ( four) kanal in Kapuas Regency :
Anjir Serapat with ± 28 km length(that connecting Kuala Kapuas with Banjarmasin, the region of Kalimantan Tengah with 14 km length and the region of Kalimantan Selatan with 14 km length);
Anjir Kalampan with 14,5 km length(that connecting Mandomai as the capital of Kapuas Barat subdistrict with Pulang Pisau Regency that aim to Palangka Raya)
Anjir Basarang with ± 24 km length(that connecting Kuala Kapuas with Pulang Pisau region)
Anjir Tamban with ± 25 km length(that connecting Kuala Kapuas with Banjarmasin, the region of Kalimantan Tengah with 13 km length and the region of Kalimantan Selatan with 12 km length)
Climate.
Generally, the climate of Kapuas Regency was tropic and damp with the average temperature ranged from 21 - 23 degree Celsius and the highest temperature reach up to 36 degree Celsius. The most volume of rainfall was on April, with average 1525 mm every month, while the dry season was on June to September.
Government.
Kapuas Regency controls 12 subdistricts, 204 villages/wards consist of 190 villages and 14 wards. According to the category of village/ward (swadaya/tradisional, swakarya /transtitional and swasembada/ development), Kapuas Regency has 44 swadaya villages, 61 swakarya villages and 59 swasembada villages. From 204 villages/wards, there were 6 isolated villages/wards(2,94 percent) and 52 poor villages/wards (25,49 percent).
According to the data in 2009, there were 190 village heads, 160 village secretaries, 950 village staffs, 14 ward heads and 14 ward secretaries.
Population.
Numbers of Kapuas Regency population in 2010 are recorded 329.440 peoples, 167.937 males(50,98 percent) and 161.503 females(49,02 percent). Based on the total area, the population density rate is 21,96 peoples/km2. Selat subdistrict has the high population density rate, about 507,43 people/km2. Mandau Talawang subdistrict has the small population density rate, about 4,05 people/km2.
At year of 2002, Kapuas Regency (25 subdistrict) divided into 3 regencies (Kapuas, Pulang Pisau and Gunung Mas), so the total of population must be divided into 3 regencies. At present, the total population of Kapuas regencies (in this publication) takes the data of population from year of 1999 until year of 2010. The composition and the spreading of population still not flatten because the existence of most people lives around the capital of regency and subdistrict.
Social.
Education is one of development sector that getting priority by government (referring The 1945 Constitution mandate, as stated in article no 31 point 2), with final purpose to increase quality of human resource of Indonesia. The general picture of the education condition in Kapuas Regency is reflected in quantity of schools, students and teachers. The amount of Kindergarten school is 147 schools, 390 teachers and 4.181 students in 2009. In 2010, the amount of Primary school is 390 schools (include Private school), 2.736 teachers and 40.714 students, with ratio of student to teachers about 14,88 students/teacher(one teacher teaches not more than 15 students).
Number of Junior High school (state and private school) is 86 schools, 1.085 teachers, 9.667 students and 465 classroom. Number of Senior High school (state and private school) is 25 schools, 636 teachers and 5.886 students.
The development and construction of health facilities to satisfy the need of people, like public health center (PUSKESMAS), public health sub-center (POSYANDU) annually show increasing figures. Total of the doctor in 2010 is 38 doctors, and the ratio of doctor to population was relatively at unexpected level because the doctor had to serve up to 8.669 people.
Agriculture.
Agricultural sector contributes significantly to the Groos Domestic Regional Product Kapuas Regency as well as to provide jobs, and also makes Kapuas Regency becomes paddy mow for Central Kalimantan Province.
Food Crop
In 2009 and 2109, productivity of food crops (wet land paddy and dry land paddy) has increased. 105.601 hectares of area harvested in 2009 has increased to 112.212 hectares of area harvested in 2109, with paddy productivity 318.177 tons in 2009 has increased to 322.393 tons in 2010(0,01 percent). Others commodity, like, tree cassava has increasing productivity, but peanuts, creep, corn, and fruits has decreasing productivity.
Estate Crops and Forestry
For the sub-sector of estates crop in Kapuas Regency (rubber, coffee and coconut) shows the decreasing of productivity in 2010, its because of uncertain weather. And the increasing of productivity also happened in forestry sub-sector.
Animal Husbandry and Fishery
The sub-sector of animal husbandry shows the increasing population for buffalo, egged chicken and duck, and also, the productivity of marine fisheries and inland fisheries show increasing productivity.

</doc>
<doc id="30944657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944657" title="2011 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Doubles">
2011 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Doubles

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, but decided not to participate.
Scott Lipsky and Rajeev Ram won this tournament after defeating Christopher Kas and Alexander Peya 4–6, 6–4, [10–3] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30944663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944663" title="Katingan Regency">
Katingan Regency

Katingan Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which comprise the Central Kalimantan Province on the island of Kalimantan (Borneo), Indonesia. The town of Kasongan is the capital of Katingan Regency. The population of Katingan Regency was 141,205 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="30944686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944686" title="Fort Al-Mirani">
Fort Al-Mirani

Fort Al-Mirani is a fort in the harbour of the city of Muscat, Oman. 
History.
In the 1552 Capture of Muscat, an Ottoman force consisted in 4 galleons, 25 galleys, and 850 troops attacked the city of Muscat. They captured the city and its fort. The recently built Fort Al-Mirani was besieged for 18 days with one piece of Ottoman artillery brought on top of a ridge. The fort was captured and its fortifications destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="30944691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944691" title="Viktoria Yastrebova">
Viktoria Yastrebova

Viktoria Yastrebova (Russian: Виктория Ястребова. As known as Victoria Yastrebova) is a Russian operatic soprano. She is currently a principal of the Mariinsky Theatre in Saint Petersburg, Russia. 
Born in Rostov on Don, Russia, Yastrebova graduated from the music faculty of the Taganrog Pedagogical Institute and later, in 2000, from the Rostov State Rakhmaninov Conservatoire under Khudoverdova. She joined the Mariinsky Academy of Young Singers in 2002 and later became the soloist of Mariisnky. Yastrebova is Honoured Artist of the Republic of Northern Osetia-Alania, Russia, prize-winner at the International Moniuszko Vocalists' Competition in 2004, and the prize-winner at the VI International Rimsky-Korsakov Young Opera Singers' Competition in 2004.
In 2009 Yastrebova made her debut at Royal Opera House in London as Oksana in Tchaikovsky's opera "Cherevichki" ("The Tsarina's Slippers"). She frequently performs in operas and concerts in countries including Russia, the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany, Finland, Spain, Austria, Switzerland, Israel, Japan, France, Italy and Netherlands. She has performed at international venues and opera festivals including Carnegie Hall, John F. Kennedy Center, Baden Baden, Bayerische Staatsoper, Savonlinna Festival and Barbican Hall. On the concert platform, Yastrebova has frequently performed Verdi’s Requiem and Beethoven's Ninth Symphony under Valery Gergiev and Adrian Leaper. She has also recorded Mahler 8 with Valery Gergiev. 2011 will see her debut at La Scala.
The Times wrote of her, following her performance in London of The Tsar's Sultan in 2008, "The best of the young bunch was Viktoria Yastrebova, whose dark, rich and powerful soprano made one wonder if the phrase “the next Anna Netrebko” might finally be justly deployed."
Donna Anna in "Don Giovanni", Micaëla in "Carmen", "Tosca" title role, Cio-Cio-San in "Madama Butterfly", Tatiana in "Eugene Onegin", Violetta in "La Traviata", Desdemona in "Otello", Mimi and Musetta in "La Bohème", Elettra in "Idomeneo" and "Iolanta" title role, Maria in "Mazepa", Corinna in "Il viaggio a Reims", Amelia in "Simon Boccanegra", Elisabeth de Valois in "Don Carlo", Nedda in "I pagliacci", Freia in "Das Rheingold" are amongst her operatic repertoire.

</doc>
<doc id="30944704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944704" title="Jamie Gunns">
Jamie Gunns

Jamie Elizabeth Gunns (30 November 1985 in Lambeth, London, England) is a British fashion model. Early in her career, Gunns was an editorial model whose clients included the like of Roberto Cavalli and Chanel. Currently, Gunns has become popular on the internet due to her appearance in online retailers such as ASOS.com, Bon Prix, Nasty Gal, Nordstrom, Nelly, and Littlewoods.
Early years.
As a child, Jamie Gunns struggled with her weight, by age 10 weighing 11 stone. After contracting a stomach virus, however, Gunns lost much of the weight and was scouted at the age of fourteen by a model agent while on holiday in Spain.
Career.
Within the first eight months of being signed to Premier Model Management, Gunns had worked for Chanel, Cosmo Girl, Levis, and Tammy, in which she was featured on billboards throughout the UK. She subsequently took part in Elite Model Management's Elite Model Look competition.
Throughout her career, she has landed campaigns with Diesel, Just Cavalli, Lee Jeans, Levi's, Mariella Burani, Max & Co, Michiko Koshino, Oriflame, River Island, Triumph, Bloomingdales, Freemans, Mark Hill Hair Care, Littlewoods, Target, Saks 5th Avenue, Nordstroms, Suggest Body-wear by Pain de Sucre, Bon Prix, Aisha, and ASOS.
She has graced the covers of the "Evening Standard", "The Sunday Times", "Zoot Magazine", "Maxim", "2oa", and "Fantastic Mag". She has appeared in editorial for magazines such as "You", "Glamour", "Anglomania", "Arena", and "Vogue". In 2009, Gunns appeared on the cover of US "Maxim"'s Swimsuit Issue.
In 2004, she walked for Marks and Spencer, Boudicca, Dirk Bikkembergs, Lela Rose, Michiko Koshino, Nanette Lepore, Frost and French and Red or Dead. In 2005, she walked for Jasper Conrad Spring/Summer 05 Collection in London. In 2006, Gunns took part of Myla's Autumn/ Winter Collection called Myla Debutantes. In 2007, she walked in the Teen Voice Fashion Show in London and The Rock and Republic S/S 2007 fashion show in NY.
In 2011, Gunns appeared on Channel Four's fly-on-the-wall documentary The Model Agency. . During the documentary, Gunns talked about her transition from being an editorial model to a commercial model. She claimed catalog work might be cheesy but she now owns 2 homes because of it.
In 2012, Gunns appeared in numerous catalogs including ASOS, Lipsy, Nelly, Bon Prix, Littlewoods, Nordstrom, Nasty Gal, Saks 5th Avenue. She did campaigns for Nasty Gal and Motel Rocks. In May 2012, he also appeared in an editorial for Vogue India. In 2013, Jamie Gunns was listed as one the England top E-commerce girls by the Daily Mail.
Agencies.
Gunns' mother agency is Premier Model Management in London. After competing in the Elite Models Look competition, she signed to Elite Models in New York, Barcelona, and Munich. In 2007, Gunns left Elite Model Management in New York for IMG Models. A year later, she left IMG for Muse Model Management. By 2010, Gunns signed to Ford Models in New York. Her agencies in 2011 included Munich Models in Munich, ANC Models in Hamburg, Ulla Models in Amsterdam, The Agency Artist Management in Bern, MC2 Model Management in Tel Aviv, and Premier Model Management in London. That same year, ANC Models closed its doors and Gunns was placed with Modelwerk. In 2012, Gunns left several agencies including but was placed with Heffner Models in Seattle and Wilhelmina Models in Miami. By January 2013, Gunns re-signed with Muse Models in New York and Women Models in Milan. Additionally, she signed with L'Equipe Models in Lisbon.
She is currently signed to Premier Model Management in London, Muse Models in New York, Wilhelmina Models in Miami, Ford Models in Los Angeles, Heffner Models in Seattle, Karin Models in Paris, Modelwerk in Hamburg, Munich Models in Munich, L'Equipe Models in Lisbon, and Women Models in Milan.
Personal life.
Jamie Elizabeth Gunns was born in Lambeth, London, England. She is of Jamaican Indian, and English decent.
In 2002, Gunns was romantically linked to former Chelsea FC player Adrian Mutu who was signed to Premier Model Management at the time. However, the pair never dated. In 2008, Gunns along with Daria Werbowy were photographed with Swedish footballer and Calvin Klein underwear model Fredrik Ljungberg in New York City. Gunns was also seen with Ljungberg in London a few weeks later. She was misidentified as Elissa Sursara by the Swedish press.
On 30 March 2013 Gunns married Ignazio Cipriani in a simple civil ceremony which was broadcast on Italian television.

</doc>
<doc id="30944709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944709" title="Elijah P. Lovejoy Monument">
Elijah P. Lovejoy Monument

The Elijah P. Lovejoy Monument is a memorial in the United States to the advocate of free speech and the abolition of slavery, who died fighting for these ideas when his newspaper, the "Alton Observer", was attacked and destroyed by pro-slavery fanatics.
History.
Elijah P. Lovejoy was an abolitionist in the 1830s, running a newspaper called the "St Louis Observer", in Missouri, a slave state. Slavery advocates attacked and destroyed his presses a number of times, driving him to move across the river to Alton, IL in 1837, where he renamed it the Alton Observer. Although Illinois was a free state, in November 1837, his presses were attacked for what would have been the fourth time. He and some supporters were in the warehouse where they were stored, and as the building was stormed, the attackers apparently began firing guns. Lovejoy and his men returned fire, but in the conflict Lovejoy was killed.
His death garnered national attention, and was viewed by abolitionists and others as a tragic martyrdom in the cause of both freedom of speech and the abolition of slavery. Abraham Lincoln is quoted as saying:
Lovejoy's tragic death for freedom in every sense marked his sad ending as the most important single event that ever happened in the new world
By 1850, plans were made for a monument to Lovejoy's efforts and death, but it was not completed until 60 years after his death, when it was officially opened to the public on its anniversary.
Having been buried in an unmarked grave, Lovejoy's remains were exhumed years later, and placed in the cemetery that is now overlooked by his monument.
In the 1890s, work began in earnest on his monument. It was designed by R. P. Bringhurst, a St. Louis sculptor, and built by Culver Stone Company of Springfield, Illinois.
Structure.
The monument consists of a 93 foot tall main shaft topped by a 17-foot-tall winged statue of victory, which therefore stands over 300 feet above the Mississippi river below, with two side spires mounted by eagles, as well as two bronze lion chalice statues, and a stone whispering wall bench that wraps all the way around the central spire, allowing you to hear someone whispering completely out of sight on its opposite side.
Because it is based on the top of the river bluffs, the monument is easily seen from the distance, even when crossing the bridge over the Mississippi, from Missouri into Illinois, a considerable distance away.
The four sides of the central spire's pedestal contain quotes by Lovejoy, focusing on each aspect of his life:
Champion of Free Speech.
Salve, Victores!
'"Minister of the Gospel.
Moderator of Alton Presbytery,"'
'"Elijah P. Lovejoy,
Editor Alton Observer,"'
Albion, Maine, Nov. 8, 1802
Alton, Ill., Nov. 7, 1837.
A Martyr to Liberty.

</doc>
<doc id="30944718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944718" title="West Kotawaringin Regency">
West Kotawaringin Regency

West Kotawaringin Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which comprise the Central Kalimantan Province on the island of Kalimantan (Borneo), Indonesia. The town of Pangkalan Bun is the capital of West Kotawaringin Regency. The population of West Kotawaringin Regency was 235,274 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="30944726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944726" title="M.P. Prakash">
M.P. Prakash

Matada Patil Prakash (, 11 July 19409 February 2011), was an Indian politician. He served as the Deputy Chief Minister of Karnataka during 2005-2006. A highly respected leader known for his simplicity and integrity, Prakash was also a theatre enthusiast. He directed and acted in Kannada plays. He died on February 9, 2011 in Bangalore at the age of 71.
Career.
Born on 11 July 1940 at Vallabhapura in Hagari Bommanahalli taluk, Bellary District, Prakash was an advocate by profession. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly, four times. He first entered the Assembly from Hadagali in 1983 on the Janata Party ticket and was re-elected thrice. He served as a minister handling various portfolios in all the Janata governments under various Chief ministers such as Ramakrishna Hegde, S.R.Bommai, H. D. Deve Gowda, J.H.Patel, Dharam Singh and H.D.Kumaraswamy. He was the deputy chief minister in the Congress-Janata Dal-Secular coalition for a brief while during 2005-06.
Death.
He died on 9 February 2011 due to Cancer in a private hospital at Bangalore. His funeral took place at Hadagali, his home town in Bellary and was attended by thousands of his admirers and followers.

</doc>
<doc id="30944728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944728" title="East Kotawaringin Regency">
East Kotawaringin Regency

East Kotawaringin Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which comprise the Central Kalimantan Province on the island of Kalimantan (Borneo), Indonesia. The town of Sampit is the capital of East Kotawaringin Regency. The population of East Kotawaringin Regency was 373,842 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="30944736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944736" title="Nanning–Singapore Economic Corridor">
Nanning–Singapore Economic Corridor

The Nanning–Singapore Economic Corridor is an initiative in Southeast Asia, which would connect China, Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Thailand, Malaysia, and Singapore with modern road and rail links, and cross-border economic initiatives.
Transport.
One of the first steps is the Nanning-Pingxiang High-Speed Line, a railway in Guangxi province in southern China, which would form the northern end of the corridor. A 5000 km Nanning-Singapore railway is planned.
Development.
The Corridor is planned to better connect neighbouring economies, and encourage development across the ASEAN–China Free Trade Area.

</doc>
<doc id="30944739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944739" title="Alwasat">
Alwasat

Alwasat () may refer to several newspapers:

</doc>
<doc id="30944757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944757" title="The Trial (2010 film)">
The Trial (2010 film)

The Trial is a 2010 drama film starring Matthew Modine. It is based on the novel of the same name by Robert Whitlow.
Plot.
After his two sons and wife die in a horrific car crash, suicide seems to be the only escape for small town attorney Kent "Mac" McClain until he's assigned a capital punishment case involving the murder of the daughter of a powerful business man, in which the victim was drugged. All the odds seem stacked against McClain, and he loses the case. However, McClain manages to save the accused man's life by getting him off death row. At the end of the movie, a private investigator discovers that it was someone else who committed the murder and McClain's client is exonerated.
Production.
Filming took place in Charlotte, North Carolina. Reception has been mostly positive, with Lawrence Toppelman of The Charlotte Observer saying in his review; "The actors are all comfortable in this familiar emotional territory. The low-key Modine seems most at home as the burned-out McClain, but he finally rises to the right level of passionate intensity by the end. Carey is both maternal and romantic, and Gunton – whose 30-year film career seems like an unbroken string of villains, most memorably in The Shawshank Redemption – is more subtle and interesting here than usual."
Awards.
"The Trial" was awarded the Parents Television Council's Seal of Approval™. The PTC said:
"'The Trial' combines the best features of courtroom drama, murder mystery and character story. 'The Trial' is a powerful drama which shows the power of healing and hope."

</doc>
<doc id="30944766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944766" title="Lamandau Regency">
Lamandau Regency

Lamandau Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which comprise the Central Kalimantan Province on the island of Kalimantan (Borneo), Indonesia. The town of Nanga Bulik is the capital of Lamandau Regency. The population of Lamandau Regency was 62,776 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="30944808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944808" title="1921–22 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain">
1921–22 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain

Touring squad.
During 1921 the New Zealand side toured Australia, playing matches against New South Wales and Queensland, which served as selection trials for the upcoming 'Australasian' team's tour, for which only one New Zealander, Bert Laing, selected. The team wore the sky blue jersey of New South Wales and the only non-New South Welsh player to appear in a test was Queenslander Billy Richards in the third.
Billy Cann was co-manager of the Australasian touring squad along with Souths' secretary, George Ball. Secretary of the Queensland Rugby League, and football journalist Harry Sunderland also accompanied the team.
On this tour Sandy Pearce at 38 years of age became the oldest Australian international player.
New South Wales.
Early in the 1921 NSWRFL season, players who were selected had to leave their clubs for the tour. All but one of the League's nine teams (University) were represented in the touring squad:
New Zealand.
The sole New Zealand player that accompanied the Australians on tour has been listed in the Australian Rugby League's Kangaroos players register.
Matches.
Before sailing for England the team stopped in New Zealand for an exhibition match at the Basin Reserve in Wellington. Also during the tour, the Northern Rugby Football Union tried to arrange a match in Paris, but opposition from the RFU-aligned French Rugby Federation made it impossible.
After arriving in England, the Kangaroos played four matches against local clubs before the first Ashes test, winning all of them with dominant margins:
First Ashes test.
The Kangaroos' winning streak came to an end when they played against Britain's national team. Australasia led 5 - 3 at the break and the match seemed to be theirs when Burge scored a late try, but it was disallowed by the referee. Thus, a sole second-half try from the British close to full time was enough for them to win it.
At halftime York led 4 - 3 in a game that "was characterised by rough and scrambling play, minor injuries being numerous."
Second Ashes test.
In the second Test the scores were 2-all at half-time, but after that the Australian backline of Horder, Carstairs, Vest and Blinkhorn cut loose. The Kangaroos scored 4 tries to nil, the win setting up the third and final Test as the Ashes decider. This was also the last Test in the international career of Sandy Pearce and made him the oldest ever Kangaroo.
The Kangaroos played sixteen more tour matches between the second and third tests:
Among those present for this match was the UK's Speaker of the House of Commons, J. H. Whitley. The half-time score was 18 - 3 in favour of the visitors, who were without Dick Vest due to ill health.
Third Ashes test.
The decider was played on a heavy, snow-bound field, much to the dismay of the fleet-footed Kangaroos. Early in the match the Australians were reduced to twelve men when Chook Fraser suffered a broken leg. In what was described as "a bruising encounter", Herman Hilton took a pass from his captain, the "prince of centres", Harold Wagstaff to dive over, taking two defenders over the try-line with him. The final score was 6 - 0 in favour of the home side. By winning this third and deciding test of the series, Britain claimed the Ashes.
By the end of the tour, Australian three-quarter, Cec Blinkhorn, had scored 39 tries in 29 matches, which still stands as the record for most tries scored on a Kangaroo tour and will most likely never be beaten. Other winger, Harold Horder scored 35, and forward Frank Burge was not far behind with 33 tries from 23 games.
The team travelled back to Australia on the "Orvieto", arriving in Fremantle in February 1922. Upon their return to Sydney a large dinner was held for the tourists by the New South Wales Rugby Football League, which was attended by the likes of Sir Joynton Smith, to celebrate the players' courageous effort and the fact that this was the first team to return to Sydney with a profit.

</doc>
<doc id="30944821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944821" title="Pulang Pisau Regency">
Pulang Pisau Regency

Pulang Pisau Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which comprise the Central Kalimantan Province on the island of Kalimantan (Borneo), Indonesia. The town of Pulang Pisau is the capital of Pulang Pisau Regency. The population of Pulang Pisau Regency was 119,630 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="30944824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944824" title="Carlos Labbé">
Carlos Labbé

Carlos Labbé () is a Chilean fiction writer born at Santiago de Chile in 1977. 
Biography.
He graduated in Latin American and Spanish Literature, his dissertation was about Juan Carlos Onetti. Later he obtained a Master's degree in Latin American and Spanish Literature with a dissertation on Roberto Bolaño. He has published a hypertext novel, "Pentagonal: incluidos tú y yo" (2001), the novels "Libro de plumas" (2004), "Navidad y Matanza" (2007), "Locuela" (2009) and "Piezas secretas contra el mundo", the collection of short stories "Caracteres blancos" (2010), as well as the pop music records "Doce canciones para Eleodora" (2007), "Monicacofonía" (2008) and "Mi nuevo órgano" (2011), as well as the ambient music collection "Repeticiones para romper el cerco". He co-wrote the screenplays for the films "Malta con huevo" (2007) and "Yo soy Cagliostro" (in production). In the past he was a member of the bands Ex Fiesta and Tornasólidos, and is now a literary critic and editor.
Works.
Novels
Short Stories
Music records

</doc>
<doc id="30944829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944829" title="Alwasat (Kuwaiti newspaper)">
Alwasat (Kuwaiti newspaper)

Alwasat () is an Arabic-language Kuwaiti daily newspaper owned by Alwazzan family .

</doc>
<doc id="30944837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944837" title="Sukamara Regency">
Sukamara Regency

Sukamara Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which comprise the Central Kalimantan Province on the island of Kalimantan (Borneo), Indonesia. The town of Sukamara is the capital of Sukamara Regency. The population of Sukamara Regency was 44,838 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="30944841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944841" title="J.C. Hryb">
J.C. Hryb

J.C. Hryb (born John-Christophe Hryb) is an interior designer born in Versailles (France) and emigrated to The United States of America in 1993. 
Companies.
Hryb owns custom furniture and interior design company Style de Vie, and the vintage steel furniture restoration company Twenty Gauge; located inside the historical Helms Bakery in Culver City, California.
Style de Vie is Hryb's creative outlet for interior design and fabrication custom modern furniture.
In 2008, J.C. worked collaboratively with fellow French designer Christian Audigier to design Audigier's flagship retail clothing store and furnishings for THE SAME GUY (retail store name) in Los Angeles, CA.
J.C. marries his affinity for modern design with restoring/customizing vintage furniture pieces for Twenty Gauge.
Twenty Gauge specializes in restoring and revitalizing vintage furnishings from the 1930s through '50s to give them new lives, albeit with a slightly modern twist. J.C. says on reclaiming or upcycling vintage furniture, "I love its industrial look and the history, yet the lines are clean...and made of metal so it has a modern aspect." 

</doc>
<doc id="30944843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944843" title="Aurice Lake">
Aurice Lake

Aurice Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Aurice Lake is immediately west of Mount Rockwell.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30944854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944854" title="Seruyan Regency">
Seruyan Regency

Seruyan Regency () is one of the thirteen regencies which comprise the Central Kalimantan Province on the island of Kalimantan (Borneo), Indonesia. The town of Kuala Pembuang is the capital of Seruyan Regency. The population of Seruyan Regency was 139,443 at the 2010 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="30944855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944855" title="Holy Name Parish School">
Holy Name Parish School

Holy Name Parish School is a Catholic school in West Roxbury, Massachusetts which was founded by Holy Name Parish Church. Grades K–6

</doc>
<doc id="30944872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944872" title="Don Tricker">
Don Tricker

Don Tricker is a former player and coach of the New Zealand national softball team (Black Socks) and senior advisor of high performance coaching at the New Zealand Academy of Sport.
Tricker's grandfather was one of the country's leading softball umpires and played a key role in introducing the game to the Wellington region. Tricker played for Porirua until he was 22 then moved to Poneke Kilbirnie, claiming regional and national titles with both clubs, and played for the Black Socks on and off between 1986 to 1991. He began his coaching career at Poneke Kilbirnie in 1996, while he was still playing, and was named Black Sock coach two years later. He coached the team to two world championship wins in 2000 and three consecutive world titles. He was named coach of the year at the Halberg awards in 2000 after leading the team to a world series victory in South Africa and was made an officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2004. He retired as national coach in 2004, being replaced by Eddie Kohlhase. In 2002, after 6 years in the information technology sector, Tricker was appointed as senior advisor of high performance coaching at the New Zealand Academy of Sport, a unit of Sport and Recreation New Zealand. Tricker and Auckland lawyer Mike Heron prepared a report into the All Blacks early World Cup exit. In 2010 the New Zealand Rugby Union has appointed Tricker as the High Performance Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="30944899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944899" title="Ecobondage">
Ecobondage

Ecobondage is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow, it uses "handmade thin metal precussion, with an emphasis on scratched metal noises".The title stands for "Bondage Economy". The album was inspired by Michel Foucault's book "The Birth of the Clinic", and Masami Akita wrote "Anagram of Perversion", his first book, during the recording of the album.
Two cassettes were made using raw material from the album, "Enclosure" and "Vratya Southward".
The track "Ecobondage " was remixed by Autechre on the Merzbow remix album "Scumtron".
Track listing.
Vinyl version
CD reissue

</doc>
<doc id="30944908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944908" title="South Korea national futsal team">
South Korea national futsal team

The South Korea national futsal team is controlled by the Korea Football Association, the governing body for futsal in South Korea and represents the country in international futsal competitions.
Current squad.
"Current as of 27 June 2013". 2013 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games squad.
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |

</doc>
<doc id="30944915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944915" title="Buffalo Woman Lake">
Buffalo Woman Lake

Buffalo Woman Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Buffalo Woman Lake is east of Eaglehead Mountain and south of Beaver Woman Lake.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30944942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944942" title="Tajikistan national futsal team">
Tajikistan national futsal team

The Tajikistan national futsal team represents Tajikistan in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="30944963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944963" title="Peter Gandy">
Peter Gandy

Peter Gandy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30944990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944990" title="2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Men's Doubles">
2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Men's Doubles

Łukasz Kubot and Oliver Marach were the defending champions, however they lost to Santiago González and Máximo González in the quarterfinals.<br>
Victor Hănescu and Horia Tecău won the final against Marcelo Melo and Bruno Soares 6–1, 6–3.

</doc>
<doc id="30944997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30944997" title="Beaver Woman Lake">
Beaver Woman Lake

Beaver Woman Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Beaver Woman Lake is southeast of Mount Pinchot and north of Buffalo Woman Lake. 
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30945034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945034" title="Qatar national futsal team">
Qatar national futsal team

The Qatar national futsal team represents Qatar in international futsal competitions. It has only qualified for a single AFC Futsal championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30945057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945057" title="Mount Pinchot">
Mount Pinchot

Mount Pinchot main refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30945085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945085" title="Palestine national futsal team">
Palestine national futsal team

The Palestine national futsal team represents the Palestine in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="30945091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945091" title="Workers Power (US)">
Workers Power (US)

Workers Power was a short lived Trotskyist faction in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
In the 1970s the Third Camp group International Socialists carried out its most successful work within organized labor within the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, helping to organize rank-and-file opposition to corruption and misspending of union finances by the leadership. Among the people they recruited in this drive was Peter Camarata who became the ISs principle figure within the union. However by the late 1970s Camarata split with the IS claiming that they were too willing to compromise during the intra-union struggles. Workers Power published a periodical called "Against the Current" which argued for that the disparate tendencies of the revolutionary left should unify despite their political differences. Workers Power re-merged with the International Socialists in March 1985, during the series of mergers that culminated in creating Solidarity.

</doc>
<doc id="30945093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945093" title="Edison Torres">
Edison Torres

Edison Eliazer Torres Martínez (born 4 April 1983 in Encarnación) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Talleres de Córdoba from Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="30945101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945101" title="OurWorld">
OurWorld

ourWorld is a virtual world containing a range of online games and activities. It was developed by FlowPlay, and aimed at the teen and tween demographic.
Ourworld is the only kids social network to receive a parent's recommendation award.
Gameplay.
ourWorld combines an online virtual world with a range of casual gaming activities. Each player has an avatar and a condo which can be decorated.
An in-game currency, "Flow", is earned by talking, dancing, eating and drinking, and playing games. Flow can be exchanged for experience points and coins. ourWorld operates on a microtransaction business model which allows players to purchase in-game "gems". Coins and gems are used to buy items for their avatar such as clothing, accessories or furniture. As players earn experience, they level up. This earns them prizes such as dance moves, access to new areas, vehicles, and privileges.
Players can also talk to each other, request friendship, gift items, create groups, send and receive mail, participate in contests and give "hearts". In 2013, Popularity, Marriage and Adoption were among the new features added, allowing wedding-rings to be exchanged and a player to become a child of another. Residents are people who have purchased one of several levels of residency cards, or pay money for monthly gems and special places.
There are some "special" items in ourWorld. These may include vehicles, tattoos, mystery boxes, sprites, inventories, residency passes, potions, wings, and ears/horns. Vehicles include skates, hoverboards, cars, skateboards, and jet-packs and the recently added dragons. These can sometimes be earned by levelling up others can be earned any level by gems. Sprites are animals that follow players' avatars around. Inventories increase the number of items players can keep in their inventory and photo album. Residency passes allow players to gain residency without buying a residency card. Potions allow players to change their avatar's appearance in ways they cannot usually do (some kinds of food also do that). Mystery boxes (such as the Zodiac Mystery Box and the Bronco Mystery Box) contain random items that belong in a certain theme. Previously, players could only reach Level 100, however in October 2012, it was lifted to 150.
Critical reception.
Joystiq questioned FlowPlay's business model, as many of the games in ourWorld are available on other casual gaming sites such as Newgrounds. From the perspective of a male 20-something, Stephen Greenwell of Gamezebo felt detached from the social aspect of ourWorld. He found conversation to be "dominated by netspeak and txtspeak" with all the depth "of a kiddie pool". However, the presentation was deemed to be "hip and edgy", with "Flash and Java used to create a gorgeous futuristic world". Overall, ourWorld was recommended for teens
History.
Development on ourWorld began in January 2007 with a public Beta launch in April 2008. Since then the product has received over 600,000 registrations. The company built the world with a team of 40 employees and contractors in Seattle, Shanghai, and India. In March 2007, Derrick Morton, the CEO of FlowPlay, raised about $500,000 in angel financing for the new company, with about one-quarter of that coming from the founders.
In June 2009, FlowPlay announced a partnership with PopCap Games resulting in the launch of a PopCap Arcade and Bejeweled Jewelry Store in its 1.7 million user ourWorld.com virtual world.
In February 10, 2009, FlowPlay announced that it had completed a long-term distribution agreement with Miniclip, LTD. FlowPlay’s ourWorld was integrated into the Miniclip.com website – the largest online game destination in the world.
In March 2010, Tagged.com, the third largest social networking site in the US, announced the integration of FlowPlay’s ourWorld.com. The partnership advances Tagged’s movement into online social gaming and expands their portfolio of innovative products for Tagged’s 80 million worldwide registered members.
ourWorld Blogs.
ourWorld has generated strong support from its community of users, spawning thousands of player-run blogs with a strong concentration hosted on WordPress.com. The player blogs generally publish news and information on events in the game along with secrets and cheats for advancing faster within the game. Although blogs are a significant part of the site, their forums play a huge part in the blogging process. Users sometimes post updates on the forums before the actual blogs. Though now, the blog forums are becoming more social than ourWorld due to lack of chat filter.

</doc>
<doc id="30945111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945111" title="George Scharein">
George Scharein

George Albert Scharein (November 21, 1914 – December 23, 1981) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="30945115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945115" title="Operetta for the Theatre Organ">
Operetta for the Theatre Organ

Operetta for the Theatre Organ is an album released by Leonard MacClain in 1957 on Epic Records LP record LN 3372. On release, J. Albert Fracht reviewed the album as "full of good playing." The album features music from Victor Herbert's "Red Mill", "The Fortune Teller" and "Mlle Modiste." Also featured are songs from Sigmund Romberg's "The Desert Song" and "The New Moon". Rudolf Friml is represented by songs from "The Firefly", and "Rose Marie".

</doc>
<doc id="30945141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945141" title="Philippines national futsal team">
Philippines national futsal team

The Philippines national futsal team represents the Philippines in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="30945161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945161" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Hawaii)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Hawaii)

See also.
Other members of the Hawaiian Cabinet 

</doc>
<doc id="30945180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945180" title="George Rogers (Massachusetts politician)">
George Rogers (Massachusetts politician)

George Rogers (born August 2, 1933 in New Bedford, Massachusetts) is an American politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts General Court and as Mayor of New Bedford, Massachusetts.
Early career.
Rogers served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1965 to 1970. In 1969, he was elected Mayor of New Bedford; defeating Brian J. Lawler, the son of former Mayor Francis J. Lawler. In 1971, Rogers lost his reelection campaign to attorney John A. Markey.
Return to the General Court.
In 1974, Rogers returned to New Beford politics as a Councilor-at-Large. Later that year he was elected to the Massachusetts Senate. In 1978, Rogers was convicted of conspiracy to steal and bribe. He was sentenced to two years in prison and fined $5,000. 
In 1980, Rogers was once again elected Councilor-at-Large, a position he held until 1999 when he returned to the Massachusetts House of Representatives. Rogers was defeated in the 2002 Democratic primary by Freetown, Massachusetts Selectman Mark A. Howland. Rogers' defeat came months after he was accused of showing gay porn to a minor. He would eventually be found not guilty of disseminating pornography to a minor.
Later career.
Rogers returned to the New Beford City Council in 2003. He ran for the Democratic nomination for his old House seat in 2004, finishing third behind Stephen Canessa and Mark A. Howland.

</doc>
<doc id="30945225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945225" title="Pura (album)">
Pura (album)

Mortal Presents: Pura is the fourth full-length studio album by Christian dance band Mortal.
References.
Mortal Presents: Pura on Allmusic database

</doc>
<doc id="30945258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945258" title="Arcadian mine">
Arcadian mine

Arcadian mine was a copper mine developed in 1898 near Paavola, (then called Arcadia) in Franklin Township, a short distance east of Hancock, in Houghton County, Michigan. The initial public offering was managed by Boston financier Thomas W. Lawson. The mine was owned and managed by Arcadian Copper Company in which some Standard Oil directors had a significant interest. 
Although there was a significant amount of investment in the mine, it was not rich in copper. By 1908, the mine was thought to be one of the most spectacular failures in the region.
The mine was operated as a tourist destination from the 1950s to the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="30945264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945264" title="List of Copper Country mines">
List of Copper Country mines

Many copper mines have existed in the Copper Country of Michigan. These include both large-scale commercial ventures and small operations. There are numerous ancient mine pits in and around the Copper Country area, especially on Isle Royale (several of these were developed). Numerous small modern diggings exist around the area as well, including some around Fort Wilkins and the Copper Harbor Light.

</doc>
<doc id="30945349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945349" title="Jordan national futsal team">
Jordan national futsal team

The Jordan national futsal team represents Jordan in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="30945382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945382" title="Cambodia national futsal team">
Cambodia national futsal team

The Cambodia national futsal team represents Cambodia in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="30945411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945411" title="Antonio Cabral">
Antonio Cabral

Antonio F. D. "Tony" Cabral is the current member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives for the 13th Bristol district.
Early life.
In 1969, when Cabral was 14 years old, he and his family emigrated from Pico Island in the Azores to Bristol, Rhode Island. When he first came to the US, no one in his family spoke English.
He attended school during the day, and worked at night to help support his family. Cabral graduated from Bristol Community College and Southeastern Massachusetts University (now UMass Dartmouth) and began a career as a public school teacher. Cabral taught languages and social studies in Taunton, Massachusetts, Plymouth, Massachusetts, and Carver, Massachusetts before entering politics.
Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Cabral was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1990. He is the current chairman of the House Committee on Bonding, Capital Expenditures, and State Assets and also serves on the Special Joint Committee on Redistricting.
As a State Representative, Cabral worked to extend historic tax credits, pass anti-bullying legislation, secure education funds for New Bedford, and strengthen registration requirements for sex offenders.
He is also a supporter of New Bedford's fishermen and the South Coast Rail.
He has also supported a proposal that would allow for hearings to be held in cases involving certain types of gun crime.
2011 mayoral campaign.
On June 6, 2011, Cabral announced that he was running for Mayor of New Bedford. He ran against City Councilor Linda M. Morad and Assistant United States Attorney Jon Mitchell. Incumbent Mayor Scott W. Lang did not run for re-election. 
On November 8th, 2011 Cabral was defeated in the mayoral race by Mitchell 52%-48%, taking a total of 9,039 votes to Jon Mitchell's 9,878 votes. 

</doc>
<doc id="30945438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945438" title="Sea Princesses">
Sea Princesses

Sea Princesses (known as "Princesas do Mar" in Brazil) is a series of children's books created by the Brazilian writer and cartoonist Fábio Yabu. Their first book was released in 2004 by publisher Panda Books; due to the success three other books were made.
In 2007 it was adapted into a cartoon produced by the Spanish studio Neptuno Films and the Australian distributor Southern Star Entertainment. It was broadcast in 50 countries including France on Piwi+, Germany on KiKa, Spain on Clan TVE, Portugal on RTP2 ZigZag and Italy on Playhouse Disney (Italy).
Plot.
The stories are in the world of Salacia, a hidden kingdom under the sea, full of princes and princesses from different animal species. Fearing an inevitable conflict with the people of Terra Firma, the kings and queens of the sea forbid their daughters and sons to have any contact with the surface people who are completely unaware of the existence of Salacia. Three princesses, the show's protagonists, live, go to school and play together as friends: Polvina, the Octopus Kingdom princess; Tubarina, the Shark Kingdom princess and Ester, the Starfish Kingdom princess living unraveling the mysteries of Salacia.
TV Series.
The series made its debut in the United States on Discovery Familia. In Latin America, it is broadcast on Discovery Kids. In 2009, the series debuted in Japan on TV Tokyo. In 2010, The series debuted on Nick Jr. in Australia, before being re-run on free-to-air television by the Seven Network. It has been confirmed than the series will also debut on Treehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="30945442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945442" title="Aunegrenda">
Aunegrenda

Aunegrenda is a village in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The village is located about northeast of Haltdalen, and it is the location of Aunegrenda Chapel. Most of the 50 residents work in agriculture or commute to other places to work.

</doc>
<doc id="30945444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945444" title="Guam national futsal team">
Guam national futsal team

The Guam national futsal team represents Guam in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="30945454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945454" title="National Screen Institute">
National Screen Institute

The National Screen Institute of Canada (NSI) is a non-profit organization headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The organization describes itself as "Canada's national film, television and digital media training school for writers, directors and producers." The NSI was created in 1986 as a renaming of the "Canadian Screen Institute" (CSI), and originally functioned as part of the University of Alberta, and is Canada's oldest nationally recognized film and television training school.
History.
In 1984, Canadian filmmakers met in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada at "Symposium 84 – Local Heroes", held during the first Local Heroes Film Festival which showcased independent Canadian short films and features from around the world. In 1985, discussions on strategies resulted in "DramaLab" as a hands-on development program for producers, directors and writers to have the opportunity to learn the film industry and develop their skills. One of the 1985 artistic directors was film director Allan King who recognized that the program filled a void, as at that time there were no filmmaking courses being offered in Canadian universities or technical schools.
In a decision to further meet a need for film and television training outside larger metropolitan centers, the "Canadian Screen Institute" (CSI) was formed on April 7, 1986, adopting both DramaLab and Local Heroes as its two flagship programs. By the end of 1986, the organization's name had been changed to National Screen Institite. Originating as part of the University of Alberta in Edmonton, the institute began with an annual operating budget of $360,000 a year, one-third of which was provided by the Alberta government.
In 1990, the NSI's Board of Directors introduced another program evolved from DramaLab called "NSI Drama Prize", in which filmmaker participants would work to build their skills in a format that combined production incentives, mentorship and professional development workshops.
In 1997, "NSI Features First" isa professional development program introduced for writers, directors and producers working on their first or second feature film, to provide training opportunities, an enhancement of knowledge base and skill sets required for production of a firat or second feature film.
In 1998, the NSI opened a second office in Winnipeg and in 1999 introduced a second Local Heroes Festival to Winnipeg that screened exclusively Canadian film and videos. In spring 2001 the NSI consolidated its operations in Winnipeg, transferring the Edmonton Local Heroes Film Festival to the Edmonton International Film Festival Society and refocused and renamed the Winnipeg Local Heroes Festival to NSI Film Exchange Canadian Film Festival.
In completing early plans of the organization to develop stories for the big and small screens, "NSI Global Marketing" was introduced in 2001. Participants are required to have a show that has aired on national television and have a project in development to qualify for the program intended to equip participants with the tools to succeed in a distribution marketplace.
"NSI Totally Television" was begun in 2002 as a program to help individuals working in the television industry sharpen their skills, tune their concepts, and work toward getting a broadcast development deal.
Funding.
It currently operates with funding provided by Manitoba Culture, Heritage and Tourism and Winnipeg Arts Council, with benefactors including Shaw Media, Telefilm Canada, CTV, The Brian Linehan Charitable Foundation, NBC Universal, Women in Media Foundation, the Government of Canada, and the Government of Manitoba.
Outreach.
As part of its outreach programs for Aboriginal peoples in Canada, "NSI New Voices" was introduced in 2005 as a program for young Aboriginal adults interested in a career in film and television. Skills development begins with a "Spirit Day", including spiritual leaders and participants speaking about personal goals, and a traditional feast and pipe ceremony. 
In the Fall of 2010, NSI began "NSI Aboriginal Journalism" as a pilot program designed for Aborigine candidates interested in journalism, to train individuals in the skills necessary to pursue a career in journalism.
In November 2010, through collaboration with the High Commission of Canada to Ghana and the Goethe Institut-Ghana, NSI premiered short films in Accra, Ghana as part of Ghana’s first-ever Canada Film Week, marking the first time NSI short films have been screened by the Canadian Government in an overseas location.
Online Short Film Festival..
In 2008, NSI began the NSI Online Short Film Festival as a year-round online short film festival for films that are of 100% Canadian content to encourage new Canadian talent and give them a venue to share their films, gain experience, and promote their talent. New films are continuously added to the website and are available for viewing at no cost. Four times a year, a jury selects winning entries and awards the A&E Short Filmmakers Award and a cash prize of $2,500.

</doc>
<doc id="30945468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945468" title="Black Caviar">
Black Caviar

Black Caviar (foaled 18 August 2006) is a retired Australian Thoroughbred racehorse undefeated in 25 races, including 15 Group One victories, eclipsing the previous mark set by Kingston Town. She was named WTRR World Champion Sprinter in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013. Black Caviar was trained by Melbourne-based trainer Peter Moody, and apart from her first two runs, in which Jarrad Noske rode her, was ridden by Luke Nolen in all her starts except for the 2010 Patinack Farm Classic, where Ben Melham rode her while Nolen was suspended. She was retired on 17 April 2013.
Breeding.
Black Caviar was born on 18 August 2006 at 5.20 am at Gilgai Farm in Nagambie, Victoria. She grew up on the Goulburn River property and then went to Swettenham Stud in December 2007 for a 10-week yearling preparation where she was then sold on behalf of Rick Jamieson to Peter Moody for $210,000 at the Melbourne Premier Yearling Sale. She is owned by G. J. Wilkie, K. J. Wilkie, Werrett Bloodstock Pty Ltd, C. H. Madden, J. Madden, P. A. Hawkes, D. M. Taylor and J. Taylor. She was sired by Bel Esprit, winner of the Doomben 10,000, which also sired Bel Mer, a mare that won the Robert Sangster Stakes in 2009. Black Caviar was the first foal of her unraced dam Helsinge, a daughter of the British racehorse Desert Sun, that never won a major race but was placed in the Craven Stakes and the Sandown Mile. Desert Sun also sired the champion New Zealand racemare, Sunline. Helsinge is also the dam of All Too Hard, winner of the 2013 All Aged Stakes, the 2013 Futurity Stakes, the 2013 C F Orr Stakes, the 2012 Caulfield Guineas and runner-up in the 2012 Cox Plate. As a descendant of the British broodmare Pinprick, Black Caviar is a product of the same branch of Thoroughbred family 1-p, which also produced the Classic winners Ambiguity and Sodium.
Black Caviar weighs about 570 kg and stands 16.2 hands (168 cm) high. Horses foaled in Australia have their official "birthdays" on 1 August, whereas in the Northern Hemisphere, horses have their ages advanced by one year on 1 January. This anomaly led to Black Caviar being officially described as a six-year-old when she ran in England in June 2012, although she was still a five-year-old by Southern Hemisphere reckoning.
Timeform rating.
On 31 March 2011 Black Caviar was rated one of the top Thoroughbred racehorses in the world (with a 136 rating) for the first quarter of 2011 by Timeform. On 17 April 2013 she was once again ranked on top of the international thoroughbred rankings with a timeform rating of 136. On 3 May 2013 Black Caviar was officially listed as the world's best horse for the period between November 1, 2012 and April 28, 2013 by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities ( IFHA) who compile the World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings. Overall Black Caviar is rated as the equal 76th best flat racing horse in Timeform's limited history and the equal highest Timeform rated filly or mare, 11 lbs lower than Timeform's highest rated horse Frankel (147). It has to be added that Timeform has been rating flat racing thoroughbreds in Britain only since its founding in 1948, thoroughbreds beyond Britain only "more recently" and horses who have raced exclusively in America only since approximately 2000. This is a relatively small slice of thoroughbred racing history in terms of time and geography and within this limited scope Timeform rates seven sprinters above Black Caviar.
Racing career.
2008–2009: two-year-old season.
Black Caviar started twice as a two-year-old, winning her debut by 5 lengths before claiming the listed Blue Sapphire Stakes by 6 lengths.
2009–2010: three-year-old season.
Returning as a three-year-old, she won first-up in a listed race by 4 lengths. Stepping up to Group 2 level in the Danehill Stakes at Flemington, she caused concern when she stumbled at the start; however, she recovered to keep her winning run going, beating the colt Wanted, by ¾ of a length. Moody, commenting on the mishap in the early stages said "I certainly had my heart in my mouth". A chest muscle injury sustained in the start kept her out of racing until the following January. That resuming run saw her take on the older horses in the Group 2 Australia Stakes at Moonee Valley, where she won by 2½ lengths. Shortly after the race, the filly sustained an injury to a suspensory ligament in the her right foreleg which kept her out for the rest of the season.
2010–2011: four-year-old season.
Returning as a four-year-old in October 2010, Black Caviar won two more Group 2 races: the Schillaci Stakes at Caulfield and the Moir Stakes at Moonee Valley by 5½ lengths. She then was set for her first Group 1 race in the Patinack Farm Classic at Flemington, where she took on a field that included the highly rated West Australian sprinter Hay List, along with multiple Group 1 winners Star Witness, Melito and All Silent. Black Caviar produced what was described as "an astonishing demolition job" and won by 4 lengths. After the race, the veteran trainer Lee Freedman, who had conditioned outstanding sprinters including Miss Andretti described Black Caviar as "the best I have seen".
She resumed in February 2011 in the Lightning Stakes, where she defeated Hay List by 3½ lengths, being eased down well short of the winning post. Her next start saw her carry topweight of 58 kg in the Newmarket Handicap at Flemington. Despite the weight, she again won in similar ease to her previous Group 1 wins and set a race record in the process. This performance earned her a rating of 130 from the IFHA, which made her the number one ranked horse in the world in the period of October 2010 – March 2011. The rating placed her only three pounds behind Dayjur, the highest rated sprinter of the previous 30 years. A fourth successive Group 1 win came in the William Reid Stakes at Moonee Valley before she ventured to Randwick in Sydney for the T J Smith Stakes. In this race, which attracted a crowd of 30,000, Hay List established a clear break on the field at the top of the straight and a huge upset briefly appeared possible. Black Caviar, however, accelerated past Hay List in the closing stages and won in very impressive style by 3 lengths. The "Herald Sun" described her performance as "brilliant, dominant and unforgettable".
She then travelled to Brisbane for the BTC Cup at Doomben, where she attracted a crowd of over 20,000, for another clash with Hay List. She won by 2 lengths over Hay List, which once again ran a clear second placing and confirmed his standing as Black Caviar's main rival. Buffering was a further 5 lengths away in third place. Black Caviar was expected to end her season in the Doomben 10,000; however, her connections instead decided to spell her until the Australian spring.
In the annual Victorian Thoroughbred Racing Awards, members of the racing media voted Black Caviar as Horse of the Year by 150 votes to 134 over So You Think.
2011–2012: five-year-old season.
Black Caviar started her five-year-old season by winning her second Schillaci Stakes by 4¼ lengths. With this victory, she equalled Phar Lap's record of 14 straight wins. She won her 15th race in the Moir Stakes by a 6-length margin. She maintained her unbeaten record with win number 16 in the Patinack Farm Classic by 2.8 lengths from Buffering and Mid Summer Music. After the Patinack Farm Classic, Black Caviar was spelled for the remainder of the spring racing season.
She returned to racing by winning the 1200-metre Group 2 Australia Stakes at Moonee Valley on 27 January 2012 by 4.3 lengths in a time of 1.09.44 to remain undefeated over 17 starts. She then stepped up to 1400 metres for the first time on 11 February in the C F Orr Stakes at Caulfield. The distance and wet track conditions led to media speculation that her unbeaten run was under threat, but she again won comfortably by 3.3 lengths in front of a crowd of 20,000.
Black Caviar backed up a week later in the Coolmore Lightning Stakes on 18 February over 1000 metres, where she was once again pitted against Hay List. She was challenged up until the 200m mark, then extended away to win by nearly 2 lengths. The win put her equal with American horse Peppers Pride with 19 wins from 19 starts and behind only Kincsem, which won all 54 of her races. She also equalled the long-standing Australasian record of successive wins jointly held by Desert Gold and Gloaming.
On 28 April 2012, she won the Group 1 Robert Sangster Stakes by 4½ lengths at Morphettville and in the process set a new Australasian record of 20 straight wins from 20 starts. The win also took her past the then-unbeaten run of the American mare Zenyatta. Moody commented on her record-breaking run by saying that "Luke was pretty kind to her, he gave her one little smack on the bum and she did the rest." Black Caviar returned to Morphettville two weeks later, winning the Goodwood Handicap by 1 length without being ridden out.
In June, she was sent overseas for the first time for the Diamond Jubilee Stakes at Royal Ascot. On the 30-hour flight from Australia to England, she wore a specially designed "compression suit" which helped blood circulation. The race on 23 June attracted a crowd of 80,000 to Ascot and was broadcast live in Australia, where crowds watched the event on a big screen in Melbourne's Federation Square. Racing over a straight six furlongs on rain-softened turf, Black Caviar won the Diamond Jubilee Stakes by a head from the French-trained filly Moonlight Cloud, with Restiadargent a neck away in third. Nolen sent the mare past the Frankie Dettori-ridden Soul inside the last quarter mile but after establishing a clear lead, he began to ease Black Caviar. Moonlight Cloud moved up on the stands side to draw almost level before Nolen began driving Black Caviar again in the final strides. Nolen said that his over-confidence had been a factor in the closeness of the finish: "It was an error that every apprentice is taught not to do, and I got away with it today." It was discovered during after-race X-rays that Black Caviar had sustained an eight-centimetre muscle tear somewhere in the race. Nolen felt the change in the horse and said he 'thought she'd done enough to get home. I didn't want to annoy her any more.' Moody explained the mare had not coped with the 11,000-mile journey as well as he had hoped or expected. He also described her as appearing "tired and worn out" after the race. Based on Black Caviar's 22 victories, Timeform rated the Diamond Jubilee as her third lowest performance(116). However, an examination by veterinarian Peter Angus and chiropractor Michael Bryant later revealed that Black Caviar sustained a grade-four tear of the quadriceps and a grade-two tear of the sacroiliac during the race. It was announced that Black Caviar would return to Australia to recover and bypass the originally intended second stage of her international challenge in the July Cup. On 26 June, Moody explained that Black Caviar was expected to recover from her injuries and that, after an extended break, she would be prepared for a third Patinack Farm Classic.
On 31 July connections decided Black Caviar would not race during the spring carnival.
In November 2012, Black Caviar was named European Champion Sprinter at the Cartier Racing Awards, becoming the first horse trained outside Europe to be so honoured.
2012–2013: six-year-old season.
In February 2013 Black Caviar stretched her unbeaten run to 23 by winning the Lightning Stakes, breaking the course record which had stood for 25 years. It was the third time she had won the event. On 21 February 2013 Black Caviar was inducted into the Australian Racing Hall of Fame. This was only the second time an active competitor has been so honoured.
In March Black Caviar made it 24 wins from 24 starts by winning the William Reid Stakes by 4 lengths. It was her 14th Group 1 win, equalling the record of Kingston Town.
On 13 April 2013 Black Caviar won the 2013 T J Smith Stakes. It was the mare's 25th consecutive win and 15th group 1 win, breaking the Australian record for the most group 1 wins by a horse. The record was previously held by Kingston Town with 14. Interestingly, the Australian Racing Museum and Hall of Fame website says Wenona Girl, who raced in Australia before the current Group system was introduced, won 15 races now classified as Group 1. On 17 April 2013 she was once again ranked on top of the international thoroughbred rankings with a timeform rating of 136.
Retirement.
On 17 April 2013, it was announced that Black Caviar was officially retired from racing. Trainer Peter Moody sadly said, "The connections of the horse and I decided 25 was a great number and she did us proud on Saturday." Shortly after, a life-sized bronze statue by sculptor Mitch Mitchell, of the champion mare was unveiled in the township of Nagambie. On 24 October 2013, breeder Rick Jamieson announced that Black Caviar is in foal to Exceed and Excel.

</doc>
<doc id="30945473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945473" title="Barrackpore I (community development block)">
Barrackpore I (community development block)

Barrackpore I (community development block) is an administrative division in Barrackpore subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Bijpur, Naihati, Jagatdal and Noapara police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is at Narayanpur. Per 2011 Indian census, there are 11 census towns in this block, including Balibhara, Dogachhia, Ichhapur Defence Estate, Jetia, Garshyamnagar, Nagdaha, Noapara, Palashi, Palladaha, Paltapara and Kaugachhi.
Geography.
Jetia, a census town in Barrackpore I block, is located at .
Barrackpore I community development block has an area of 76.49 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Barrackpore I block/ panchayat samiti are: Jethia, Kowgachi I, Majhipara–Palasi, Panpur–Keutia, Kampa–Chakla, Kowgachi II, Mamudpur and Shibdaspur.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Barrackpore I block has a total population of 157,018 out of which 81,158 were males and 75,860 were females. Barrackpore I block registered a population growth of -20.61 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 22.40 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="30945479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945479" title="Jack McEvoy">
Jack McEvoy

John "Jack" McEvoy is a literary character created by Michael Connelly in the 1996 novel "The Poet" and starring again it the sequel "the Scarecrow" thirteen years later. In the interim, McEvoy appeared in one Harry Bosch novel – 2001's "A Darkness More Than Night" – and one Mickey Haller novel – 2008's "The Brass Verdict".
Connelly describes his time writing about McEvoy as his "least favorable writing experience" because "he is easily the most autobiographical character I have ever written about". After publishing "the Scarecrow", Connelly confirmed that "Jack is on the back burner."
Fictional biography.
Jack was born in May 21, 1961, the son of Millie and Tom McEvoy, the twin brother of Sean McEvoy, the younger brother of Sarah McEvoy (who died in 1976), and the brother-in-law of Riley McEvoy. He grew up in Colorado before going to college at the Medill School of Journalism in Chicago, Illinois. After college, he traveled to Paris, then returned to Colorado and took a position covering the murder beat for the "Rocky Mountain News".
He moved to Los Angeles in the late-1990s and covered the crime beat for the "Times". While at the "Times", he married and subsequently divorced fellow journalist Keisha Russell, who had previously appeared in Connelly's 1995 novel "The Last Coyote".

</doc>
<doc id="30945491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945491" title="Indubil">
Indubil

Indubil is a slang spoken in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It has been noted since around the sixties - musician Sam Mangwana mentions its use in lyrics before the seventies. Indubil was originally rooted in Lingala but in its continued evolution it has given birth to Kindubile, the youth language in Katanga which uses Swahili as its matrix language.
As of 2010, Indubil is a lively slang and continues to evolve.

</doc>
<doc id="30945492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945492" title="Barrackpore II (community development block)">
Barrackpore II (community development block)

Barrackpore II (community development block) is an administrative division in Barrackpore subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Titagarh, Khardah and Ghola police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is at Karna Madhabpur.There are six census towns in this block: Jafarpur, Talbandha, Muragachha, Patulia, Ruiya and Chandpur.
Geography.
Muragachha, a census town in Barrackpore II block, is located at .
Barrackpore II community development block has an area of 30.22 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Barrackpore II block/ panchayat samiti are:Bandipur, Bilkanda–II, Patulia, Bilkanda–I, Mohanpur and Sewli.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Barrackpore II block has a total population of 158,778 out of which 82,573 were males and 76,205 were females. Barrackpore II block registered a population growth of -25.44 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 22.40 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="30945496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945496" title="Seddik Berradja">
Seddik Berradja

Seddik Berradja (born September 9, 1983 in Oran) is an Algerian football player. He currently plays for MC Oran in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.

</doc>
<doc id="30945501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945501" title="Roger Rivard">
Roger Rivard

Roger Rivard (born August 27, 1952) is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the northwest Wisconsin's 75th Assembly District from January 3, 2011 to January 3, 2013. A lifelong resident of Rice Lake, Rivard was the first Republican to hold the office in 32 years. His platform emphasized fiscal conservatism, job growth and his experience as a small business owner.
As a freshman lawmaker, he co-sponsored legislation to allow the hunting of gray wolves and to reform the oversight of mining. His proposal to increase the number of rural economic development zones was passed into law; Rivard has said the legislation has brought 600 jobs to the state. He also voted in favor of Governor Walker's budget fix, which limited the collective bargaining rights of public workers, and in favor of the Governor's 2011-2013 budget bill, which reduced funding for education in order to balance the budget. Prior to the 2012 election, Rivard received national media attention for comments he made about a sexual assault case involving a 17-year old and a 14-year old who lived in his district. He subsequently lost his 2012 bid for reelection. 
Biography.
Rivard was born in Rice Lake, Wisconsin and is one of the seven children of Eileen Rivard, a former school teacher, and Wilfred Rivard, the owner and operator of Rivard's Dairy Bar. Beginning at a young age, Roger worked in the family business.
He received his diploma from Rice Lake High School in 1970 and attended University of Wisconsin–Barron County. He married and started his first business at age 19. He began selling recreational vehicles, owning and operating Rivard's Campers. Before entering politics, he was working as a real estate sales agent, broker and developer.
He is presently a member of the Diocese of Superior Pastoral Council. Previously, he was president of the Rice Lake Chamber of Commerce, state director of the Wisconsin Realtors Association and grand knight of the Knights of Columbus.
Wisconsin State Representative (2011-2013).
Rivard represents the 75th Assembly District which includes most of Barron County, the southern third of Washburn County and three townships in Polk County.
Elected in November 2010 to fill a seat that had been occupied by Democrats for the previous 32 years, Rivard became one of 27 first-term Assembly Republicans; a group that comprised more than 40 percent of the new Republican majority. Shortly after the election, Rivard told the "Associated Press", "We understand that we’ve got the power in numbers but ... e’re not going to go down there and push everybody around. That would be foolishness. But we are going to hold everyone’s feet to the fire and control government spending.” Rivard was given the following Assembly committee assignments: Natural Resources (vice chairperson); Housing; Rural Economic Development and Rural Affairs.
As a freshman lawmaker, Rivard co-sponsored legislation to allow the public to hunt and trap gray wolves in Wisconsin. The bill was supported by several hunting groups, but opposed by wolf scientists who claimed it went too far and would result in a wolf population reduction from as many as 1,000 animals to as few as 350. Rivard disagreed with the numbers estimates and said the purpose of the bill was to secure the wolves' future in Wisconsin. He also co-sponsored and helped introduce legislation to reform mining laws, including one law that would streamline the permitting process for iron mining that he said would create thousands of jobs and bring billions in economic activity to northern Wisconsin. The bill, which was criticized as weakening state mining regulations and as possibly authored by a mining corporation, passed the Assembly but was voted down by the Senate. Four months into his tenure, Rivard's first bill—to increase the number of rural economic development zones—passed the Assembly, and soon passed the Senate. He has said the new law has resulted in an aircraft plant moving to Superior, bringing 600 jobs to the state and he announced on October 10, 2012 that a company soon would be moving between 75 to 80 jobs back from China to Rice Lake.
In March 2011, Rivard voted in favor of Governor Walker's budget fix bill that ended most of the bargaining rights of public unions in Wisconsin. For his vote, he reportedly was threatened with boycotts of his real estate business, which he called "government by intimidation". Rivard later voted for Walker's 2011-2013 budget, which reduced funds to public schools, the state university system, technical colleges and local governments. Regarding his votes in support of the budget bills, Rivard said, "I knew it was going to be rough, because - apparently - we went down this (spending) road for many, many years and they didn't have the courage to do it".
Rivard became the subject of controversy and national media attention in October 2012 due to comments he made in December 2011 to "The Chetek Alert", a small, northwestern Wisconsin newspaper. In the interview, Rivard discussed the case of a local high school senior who was being prosecuted for the alleged rape of a 14-year-old, and said he was considering initiating a Romeo and Juliet bill in the Assembly to protect teenage couples from prosecution for statutory rape. The newspaper reported that, "When he was a teenager, Rivard's dad offered a warning. 'Some girls rape easy' ... meaning they might give in and change their minds later, or someone might change their minds for them." The "Chetek Alert" article came to wider public notice after a Democratic Party operative discovered it during election season—resulting in a mention in "WisPolitics" on October 5, and an article in the state's largest newspaper, the "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel", on October 10. Rivard told the Journal Sentinel that the remarks were being taken out-of-context and misquoted, and that he had been repeating a warning from his father who had said that after agreeing to sex and becoming pregnant, some underage girls will claim it was not consensual. Three hours after the Journal Sentinel article was published, Rivard issued a statement calling rape a horrible act of violence that unfortunately, often goes unreported. The district attorney who prosecuted the case involving the two high school students clarified that the sex was not consensual, and also criticized Rivard's December 2011 remarks that too many people were being required to register as sex offenders.
Following the media attention to the statements about rape, a number of GOP officials quickly withdrew their endorsements of Rivard, including vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan, Governor Scott Walker, U.S. Senator Ron Johnson, former Governor Tommy Thompson, and state Representative Robin Vos, who is in charge of Assembly campaign efforts. The Associated Builders and Contractors of Wisconsin, the Tavern League of Wisconsin and the Wisconsin Grocers Association also rescinded their endorsements of Rivard. However, he retained the support of several pro-life and business groups, and a county party rally including Rivard was held just two days after the firestorm of criticism began.
Rivard has previously made strong statements: in 2012, he compared bureaucrats and politicians to cocaine addicts and in 2011, he called pro-union protestors "terrorists". Later admitting that his comments about politicians were somewhat of an exaggeration, Rivard explained, "You look at history, anytime you lay money in front of a politician, they’re going to spend it”. Rivard has also been criticized for working with the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) to draft state legislation, but called ALEC a "great think-tank" and denied charges that ALEC represents big business interests and not the interests of his district.
Political positions.
Rivard supports frac sand mining and believes it should be regulated at the state level by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources (DNR) as opposed to at the local level, because local officials impose unreasonable demands and conditions, and the DNR has over 60 years experience regulating sand and gravel.
Rivard does not believe BadgerCare should be expanded to more people, and believes that "use controls" on those receiving free medical care are necessary to prevent abuses. He does not believe government does a good job running large programs such as Medicare, Social Security and Amtrak.
He supports voter photo ID laws as necessary to preserve the integrity of elections and to prevent city-dwellers from voting for people who have recently died.
Rivard opposes same-sex marriage, but believes there should be some provisions in the law to recognize gay and lesbian partnerships for the purposes of medical care and inheriting property.
He does not believe there is a right to collective bargaining because it is not in the Constitution. He also says that the state's prior budget problems were due in large part to high wages demanded by unions.
He has said the best way to stimulate the local economy is for government to "get out of the way" and not over-regulate or raise taxes.
For his positions, he has received an A grade from the National Rifle Association, 100% ratings from Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce, and the American Conservative Union, a 66% rating from the League of Wisconsin Municipalities, a 21% rating from the Wisconsin League of Conservation Voters, and 0% ratings from NARAL Pro-Choice and the Sierra Club.
Campaigns.
Rivard has said he first ran for public office because he was concerned for the future of his descendants and believed that a businessperson such as himself could better solve government budget problems due to his understanding of economics, business regulation and taxation. In the 2010 election, Rivard was endorsed by "The Chetek Alert" as a common sense candidate who was locally-funded and not obligated to special interests.
He ran to fill a vacant seat in the state Assembly occasioned by the retirement of Democrat Mary Hubler. He competed in a 4-way Republican primary against Dari McDonald, Judith Wells Espeseth, and Don Quinten, winning the Republican nomination on September 19, 2010. On November 3, 2010, he defeated Democrat Steve Perala by 415 votes, 9,950 to 9,535, or 51 percent to 49 percent.
Rivard announced in January 2012 he would seek re-election to the Assembly even if his real estate business suffered due to boycotts. His opponent in the November 2012 election is Democrat Stephen J. Smith, a Rice Lake businessman and Shell Lake resident, who is the son of a former state representative for the 75th district, Patricia Spafford Smith. Despite the October 2012 controversy over the rape remarks, a number of groups have continued their support of Rivard including Wisconsin Right to Life, Pro-Life Wisconsin, the Wisconsin Restaurant Association, and the National Federation of Independent Businesses-Wisconsin,—with Wisconsin Family Action, a family values group which opposes gay marriage as well as abortion, endorsing Rivard for the first time. Wisconsin Public Radio reported that some voters in Rivard's district were unswayed by the rape comments and would be voting for or against him based on his platform.
On November 6, 2012, he was defeated by Democrat Stephen Smith by 582 votes and with only 49% of the popular vote to 51%.

</doc>
<doc id="30945540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945540" title="Pearl Fishery Coast">
Pearl Fishery Coast

The Pearl Fishery Coast refers to a coastal area of southern India, extending along the Coromandel Coast from Tuticorin to Comorin. 
The coast took its name from the presence of pearls on the coast, and the numerous fisheries that operated to exploit them.
In a conflict between the Hindu Paravas and Muslim Paravas in 1532, the Hindu Paravas sought protection from the Portuguese. In 1535, the Portuguese led an army under Pedro Vaz and expelled the Muslim Paravas. As a compensation, the Hindus Paravas accepted to convert to Christianity. 
The Portuguese conquered the Pearl Fishery Coast from the Muslims of Kalyalpattanam in 1525. They restored the rights of the Paravas to exploit their fisheries in exchange for a considerable annual tribute.
The Paravas, who lived along the Pearl Fishery Coast adopted Christianity in 1535-1536, becoming an important Christian region, and succeeded the first introduction of Christianity in Mylapore with the Thomas Christians. The Portuguese derived considerable profit from the pearl trade, and strictly controlled the Pearl Fishery Coast through the Padroado system.
The missionary Francis Xavier, coming from Goa, reached the Pearl Fishery Coast in 1542, where he was able to prozelitize successfully among the Paravars, representing 40,000 to 50,000 souls.
In 1553, a fleet of the Ottoman Empire made a raid on the Pearl Fishery Coast around Tuticorin. They were assisted by the Marakkar Muslims of Malabar, and had the tacit agreement of Vittula Nayak of Madurai. The Ottomans failed however in 1553 against a Portuguese fleet at sea near al-Fahl. 
There were numerous conflicts between the Christian Paravas and the Muslims for control of the fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="30945543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945543" title="Hainan yellow lantern chili">
Hainan yellow lantern chili

The Hainan yellow lantern chili ( Pinyin: "hǎi nán huáng dēng lóng jiāo"), also known as the yellow emperor chili ( Pinyin: "huáng dì jiāo") is a member of the "Capsicum chinense" species of chili peppers that grows mainly in the southwest and southeast of Hainan Island off the coast of Southern China.
Description and use.
This hot chili matures to a bright yellow colour and is about long and wide. Most Hainan yellow lantern chili is processed into hot sauce. 
Cultivars.
In 2009, the Tropical Vegetable Research Centre of the Chinese Tropical Agriculture Institute announced the breeding of a new cultivar which produces 10 times more fruit than the original variety. This has increased output from to per Chinese acre (mu). 

</doc>
<doc id="30945553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945553" title="Tássio Maia dos Santos">
Tássio Maia dos Santos

Tássio Maia dos Santos or simply Tássio (born 8 October 1984) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Betim Esporte.
Career.
On 20 February 2011, Tássio joined for South Korean club Busan I'Park. Busan released him on 8 June 2011.
On 27 June 2012, Tássio joined Bulgarian club Lokomotiv Plovdiv. He scored on his Lokomotiv debut on 19 July 2012, scoring for the late equaliser in a 4–4 draw against Vitesse in the Europa League. A week later, his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
On 27 July 2012, Tássio signed a contract with CSKA Sofia.
On 15 December 2012, his contract was terminated by mutual consent due to the sickness of his father.

</doc>
<doc id="30945556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945556" title="Iván Arturo Torres">
Iván Arturo Torres

Ivan Arturo Torres (born 27 February 1991 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan football medfield who currently plays for Cerro Porteño.

</doc>
<doc id="30945559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945559" title="Liv Philip">
Liv Philip

Olivia K. (Liv) Philip is a record breaking freediver and AIDA International instructor who represents Great Britain. In January 2011 she was awarded AIDA’s "Absolute Freediver Award 2010" for the highest combined score in six freediving disciplines: static apnea, dynamic apnea with fins, dynamic apnea without fins (pool disciplines), constant weight with fins, constant weight without fins, and free immersion (depth disciplines). In March 2011 she broke the UK women’s dynamic, no fins record at the Great Northern Dive Competition, with a 111m swim.
In March 2012 she was chosen to reopen Golden Lane Sport and Fitness centre in the City of London.

</doc>
<doc id="30945563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945563" title="Michael Evans (lawyer)">
Michael Evans (lawyer)

Commissioner Michael Evans is a Commissioner for the Utah Courts System. Appointed in 1990 and currently serving over the Third District Court.
Early Life and Education.
Born and raised in Lehi, Utah, Commissioner Evans was the youngest in the family, having three older sibling. Evans attended public school and completed his high-school degree from Lehi High School in 1970. While in high school Commissioner Evans participated in Debate, Tennis, and Honor Society.
Commissioner Evans continued on with his education at the University of Utah and in 1973 he graduated with his undergraduate in journalism. Afterward, Commissioner Evans began seeking a law degree, from an out of state university. In 1976, Evans graduated from the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law, which was part of the Cleveland State University in Ohio. Throughout law school Comm. Evans often was found: writing, editing, and publishing newspapers and articles.
Legal career.
Before serving as Third District Court Commissioner. Evans practiced in Salt Lake City as a solo practitioner for 6 years. He was also a staff attorney, and then Director of the Legal Aid Society of Salt Lake for about five years. He also worked for two years at the Salt Lake Law firm of Cohne, Rappaport and Segal. Evans has been an Adjuct Faculty member at the University of Utah College of Law and is a Master of the Bench in the Sutherland Inn of Court.
Judicial career.
Mr. Evans was appointed in 1990 to be a Commissioner for the Third District Court in Salt Lake City. Unlike judges, which are appointed by the governor and confirmed by the Senate, Commissioners are chosen by the judges that are presiding in the districts that need the commissioners (Due to legislation allowing courts to "hire" commissioners). They are then appointed by the Utah Judicial Council. One example of the differences in the powers between a Commissioner and a judge is that a Commissioner's contempt power is less; for a commissioner the maximum contempt charge is five days, unlike the thirty days a judge can give. Commissioners they still have bailiffs and wear robes.
As a Commissioner, Michael Evans has either chaired,or has been a member of many different committees such as: The Executive Committee of the Standing Committee on Judicial Branch Education; the Protective Order and Custody Evaluation sub-committees of the Standing Committee on Children; the Family Law Domestic Violence Advisory Council. The Utah Child Support Task Force; and Utah the Gender and Justice Task Force. The Commissioner is extremely involved with many family oriented disputes.
Furthermore, Commissioner Evans has also taught classes "Divorce Education for Children." These two hour classes seek to educate children how to communicating their feelings and emotions. The course which is free to attend helps individuals understand that they are not alone in their struggles.
Notable Cases/Rulings.
Commissioner's cases often ultimately belong to other judges, thus, they are not usually known for their cases. Commissioner Evan's most notable case was the case of PEARSON V. PEARSON 2008 UT 24. This case made its way to the Utah Supreme Court and the Commissioner's ruling was upheld.
Throughout appeal cases Commissioner Evan's record is 7-1. With his opinions being upheld at an 87.5% retainment rate on appeals.
Personal Back ground.
In his personal time Comm. Evans skiis, hikes, and enjoys the back-country.
Achievements and Awards.
Commissioner Evans has received many awards of service; however the most respectable of these awards are: a Special Service Award from the Utah State Bar Association and he was also a participant and mentor in the Institute for Faculty Excellence in Judicial Education of the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges. Commissioner Evans has also served on the Utah task force on Gender and Justice, and the Utah Child Support task force.

</doc>
<doc id="30945589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945589" title="Elizabeth Poirier">
Elizabeth Poirier

Elizabeth Poirier (born October 27, 1942 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represents the 14th Bristol district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and is the current Third Assistant House Minority Leader. She succeeded her husband Kevin Poirier, who resigned to become director of development at Sturdy Memorial Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="30945610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945610" title="Anna Church, Copenhagen">
Anna Church, Copenhagen

Anna Church (Danish: "Anna Kirke") is a Lutheran church in the Nørrebro district of Copenhagen, Denmark. It was designed by Peder Vilhelm Jensen-Klint, best known for his design of Grundtvig's Church, also in Copenhagen. Built in three stages, it was completed between 1914 and 1928.
History.
At the turn of the 20th century the population grew rapidly in Copenhagen and the city authorities decided to employ an assistant pastor to work in the southern part of St. Stephen's Parish, one of the poorest working-class neighbourhoods of the city, until it could be disjoined as an independent parish. In 1907 the Copenhagen Church Trust acquired a cheap plot of land but it proved difficult to raise funds for the building of a church in the poor community. An Anna Committee was therefore set up, consisting of women named Anna from throughout the country, which endorsed everybody named Anna to donate DKK 1 for the project.
Peder Vilhelm Jensen-Klint was commissioned to make a design in 1911 and it was built from 1913 to 1914. The church is named after Anna the Prophetess who appears in the passage from the Gospel about the Presentation of Jesus at the Temple which was read at the opening on 27 December 1914.
After some years the church had become too small and Jensen-Klint was asked to design an extension. Once again the Anna Committee raised the necessary funds. This extension added a parish hall in a lateral which had a gable toward the street. The last extension was carried out from 1924 to 1928 and added a second lateral wing at the other end of the nave.
Architecture.
The church consists of three wings built in red brick. The two lateral wings have stepped gables facing the street and flank a U-shaped space in front of the main wing. The roof is of red tiles and has two Flèches with the bells. The brickwork is an exemplar of Jensen Klint's style.

</doc>
<doc id="30945611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945611" title="Western Hills, Cincinnati">
Western Hills, Cincinnati

Western Hills is an area in Cincinnati, Ohio. This section of Cincinnati contains Western Hills High School and Dater High School. The area also contains various shopping centers and mini malls. Westwood, Ohio is close to Western Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="30945614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945614" title="Joe Kracher">
Joe Kracher

Joseph Peter Kracher (November 4, 1913 – December 24, 1981) was a catcher in Major League Baseball. Nicknamed "Jug", he played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="30945639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945639" title="Techi Dam">
Techi Dam

Techi Dam () is a concrete thin arch dam on the Dajia River in Heping District, Taichung, Taiwan. Forming the Techi Reservoir, the dam is built in the Tachien Gorge in Heping District, providing hydroelectric power, irrigation water and some flood control, and is operated by the Taiwan Power Company. At , it is the highest dam in Taiwan and one of the tallest dams in the world. The dam was completed in 1974, after five years of construction.
History.
Proposals to dam the Dajia River date back to the Japanese occupation of Taiwan during World War II, when dams were envisoned to generate 430 megawatts (MW) of power on the river. In 1936, the Taiwan Power Company began to survey and collect data at this site, but there would be a gap of more than ten years between Taiwan's 1945 independence from Japan and the beginning of development on the Dajia River. The Tienlun and Kukuan Dams were built in 1956 and 1961, respectively, but with their small storage capacities, power output was highly erratic. A high dam upstream would be required to control the flow through these downstream power stations. The Tachien Gorge, located about upstream from Kukuan, was regarded as an excellent dam site: an engineer surveying this location is known to have remarked, "When God created Tachien, he must have had a dam in mind."
The proposed Tachien Dam site was located at the end of a long valley where the surrounding mountains abruptly closed in to form a narrow slot canyon through which flowed the Dajia River. Here, engineers planned to build a dam high and long, supported by a large saddle dam to the west, impounding a reservoir of 554 million m3 (449,000 acre feet) – forming, respectively, the second-highest arch dam in the world at the time (after Italy's Vajont Dam) and the largest artificial lake in Taiwan. The dam would support a 360 MW power station and generate over 736 million KWh per year. Of the dam's projected US$ 110 million cost, the United States provided a loan of about $40 million, while Japan would provide assistance with hydraulic gates and power-generating equipment.
Construction at Tachien Dam began in December 1969, with work directed and overseen by French civil engineers André Coyne and Jean Bellier. Due to the remote site, economic conditions and technical issues, it was a very difficult project for Taiwan at the time, but public support made continued construction possible. The planned height of the dam was scaled down about 25 percent from the original design to , reducing the planned reservoir and power generation capacities as well. The reservoir began filling in June 1974, and the dam structure was completed in September 1974. At the dedication ceremony, Chiang Kai-Shek officially named the dam "Techi", meaning "foundation of virtue". In 1975, the Republic of China issued a set of postage stamps to commemorate the completion of the project.
Specifications.
Techi Dam is located at the head of a watershed in the upper reaches of the Dajia River. The catchment area is extremely rugged and mountainous, with elevations ranging from at the dam to well over at the crest of the mountains. This rugged topography makes the catchment extremely susceptible to floods and earthflows. Techi Dam greatly reduces the impact of these events along the lower Dajia River.
As built, the dam is a concrete variable-radius thin arch structure high and long, wide at the crest and wide at the base. The dam impounds a reservoir with a surface area of and a useful storage capacity of . In addition to the natural water flow into the reservoir, water is diverted through a long, capacity tunnel from the Zhile River, a tributary of the Dajia River that joins below the dam. This increases the effective catchment area by to a total of . Outflows from the dam are controlled by three spillways. The crest spillway consists of five gates with a total capacity of . There are also two orifice floodgates located on the face of the dam below the crest with a combined capacity of . The auxiliary spillway is located on the reservoir about southwest of the dam, and consists of a tunnel controlled by five gates with a capacity of . With all outlets open, the dam is capable of releasing .
The dam supplies water to an underground power station capable of generating 234 MW from three 78 MW generators, producing about 359 million KWh each year. Up to of water can be discharged through the power plant. The tailrace of the power plant discharges directly to the reservoir of the Qingshan Dam downstream. From here, water released from Techi flows through four more hydroelectric plants at Qingshan, Kukuan, Tienlun, and Ma'an dams, which collectively generate about 2.4 billion KWh per year. Water stored and released from Techi Dam also supports irrigation in the lower Daxia River valley, and reduces flood crests at the downstream Shihgang Dam by up to .

</doc>
<doc id="30945642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945642" title="Jungle Fight 4">
Jungle Fight 4

Jungle Fight 4 was a mixed martial arts event held by Jungle Fight on May 21, 2005 at Tropical Hotel Manaus Sports Complex in Manaus, Brazil.
The event featured the professional MMA debut of Chinzo Machida, the brother of Lyoto Machida. It would be Chinzo's only win in his short career.
Results.
<br>Sursa defeated Mattos via Submission (Rear-Naked Choke) in round 1 2:54
<br>Dipp defeated Beauparlant via KO (Knee) in round 1 at 1:18
<br>Patino defeated Baruch via TKO (Punches) in round 2 at 3:57
<br>Annan defeated Valle via Submission (Rear Naked Choke) in round 2 at 4:04
<br>Paixao defeated Monier via Submission (Rear-Naked Choke) in round 3 at 1:41
<br>Machida defeated Rosa via TKO (Soccer Kick and Punches) in round 1 at 1:40
<br>Landi-Jons defeated Monteiro via KO (Punch) in round 2 at 3:30
<br>Montenegro defeated Souza via Submission (Toe Hold) in round 1 at 2:24
<br>Matyushenko defeated Barreto via TKO (Knee Injury) in round 1 at 0:26
References.
http://www.sherdog.com/events/JF-4-Jungle-Fight-4-3041

</doc>
<doc id="30945651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945651" title="Northern Parkway (Arizona)">
Northern Parkway (Arizona)

The Northern Parkway is a planned major highway project in Maricopa County, Arizona in the United States that extends . It will connect Glendale to communities such as Litchfield Park, and Waddell, from US Route 60 (US 60, Grand Avenue) to Loop 303. The proposed Northern Parkway will be an enhanced arterial street with grade-separated intersections at major cross streets to eliminate the major traffic signals on Northern Parkway. The resulting roadway will have twice the traffic carrying capacity of a typical arterial and will enable traffic to flow at average speeds of , as compared to typical arterials with average speeds around . It is anticipated that the parkway will bring both business and residents to the current Bumstead area.
Route description.
The Northern Parkway is planned to begin at an interchange with the Loop 303, heading to the east between Northern Avenue and a BNSF Railway line. After passing Litchfield Road, the parkway is planned to turn southeast and intersect Northern Avenue near Dysart Road. At this point, the Northern Parkway is planned to supplant Northern Avenue, heading east. After crossing the Agua Fria River, the parkway will intersect 111th Avenue, 107th Avenue, and 103rd Avenue at signalized intersections before crossing the New River. Past here, the route will have several traffic signals for shopping centers along with an interchange connecting to the Loop 101. The Northern Parkway will continue east from this point as a limited-access road to US 60 (Grand Avenue).
History.
Plans to upgrade Northern Avenue into a limited-access road date back to 2003, with an initial price tag of $307 million. A year later, residents of Maricopa County voted for a half-cent sales tax increase to fund several transportation projects including the Northern Parkway. After construction costs increased in 2006, it was decided to use the sales tax funding for the portion of the parkway west of SR 101 with money for the remaining portion to come from elsewhere.
In 2008, Glendale, Peoria, and El Mirage decided for the road to be built, with the sales tax and federal funds paying for 70 percent of the project and the remainder coming from the three cities. Construction on the portion between SR 303 and Dysart Road began in 2010 with construction to begin in 2011 for the portion between Dysart Road and 111th Avenue and from 111th Avenue to 91st Avenue in 2012. Completion of this road is expected in 2015 excluding the SR 101 overpass. 
Future.
Phases 1-2.
As of March 2012, over $152 Million has been programed from Arizona's Department of Transportation Statewide Transportation Improvement Program (STIP) FY2011-2014 Amendment 60 for the Northern Parkway from Sarival Ave. to Dysart Road. (phase 1) including overpasses at Litchfield and Reems Rd. and Dysart to 111th Ave. (phase 2) which includes an overpass at Dysart Rd as well as some work at the intersection of Northern and the 101 freeway. 
Phases 3-4.
Phases of the Northern Parkway from 91st Avenue to Grand Avenue remain unfunded with no construction dates set.

</doc>
<doc id="30945659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945659" title="Tamarack mine">
Tamarack mine

Tamarack mine is a copper mine located in Osceola Township, Houghton County, north of Calumet, Michigan. The first shaft was started in 1882 and five shafts were eventually mined. In 1966 six-year-old Ruth Ann Miller fell into shaft #4 and a rescue was impossible.

</doc>
<doc id="30945669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945669" title="Syracuse and Suburban Railroad">
Syracuse and Suburban Railroad

The Syracuse and Suburban Railroad, an interurban rail in Syracuse, New York, was chartered on June 29, 1895. The main line of this electric road, also known as the Syracuse and Suburban Electric Railroad and the Syracuse and Eastern Railroad, ran , over the beds of city streets, extending from Syracuse to Fayetteville and Manlius where it ended at Edwards Falls, a local tourist attraction. The railroad also operated a line that ran from Orville, now known as DeWitt to Jamesville, for a total distance of . 
History.
The Syracuse and Suburban Railroad ran from Downtown Syracuse to Manlius via Fayetteville over the beds of city streets, Route 5 and Route 257. The railroad occupied the streets by franchise from the city of Syracuse and Villages of Fayetteville and Manlius. Additionally, routes 5 and 257 were occupied by agreement with the toll road companies. 
On June 15, 1898, the first of road were placed in operation, and the entire road was completed by late that year. 
Unlike other interurban trolley companies, the road used smaller, lighter trolleys that were closer in size to the city streetcars. The line ran on one side of East Genesee Street to Fayetteville, then southwest to the village of Manlius where the tracks continued through the village and passed St. John's Military Academy which was later known as Manlius Military and Manlius-Pebble Hill Schools. The next stop was Suburban Park, the trolley company owned amusement park that remained in business until 1973. 
At the end of June 1902, the railroad had carried 1,433,475 passengers that year and by 1905, that number had increased to 1,768,995. 
Financial.
During 1898, cost of road was $636,619 and capital stock outstanding was $400,000. By June 1905, total earnings were $86,473 and cost of road and equipment was $1,768,995 that year. 
In June 1917, operating revenues for the year amounted to $151,167 and operating expenses were $98,168. Net corporate income for the year was $5,930. 
Operations.
In 1898, the Syracuse and Eastern Railroad had its own water power plant that harnessed the flows over Edwards Falls adjacent to the amusement park located near Manlius in the village of Edwards Falls for generating electricity to operate its road. By 1978, the foundations of the power plant and car barn complex were still visible.
Rolling stock in 1906 consisted of 15 motor cars, one snow plow, one other car and the equipment owned included General Electric dynamos and motors, Jackson & Sharp cars, 700 H. P. station plant, water power and a complete steam auxiliary plant of 650 H. P. engines and 500 E. W. General Electric generator.
Vacation excursions.
A more "scenic spur" was added later to the Syracuse and Eastern Railroad with a connection at DeWitt that ran to Jamesville with final destination a picnic ground at Fidler's Green. 
Penitentiary trolley.
The company owned the country's only penitentiary trolley, "which picked up its unwilling passengers at a siding next to the county courthouse and delivered them to the front door of the county penitentiary in Jamesville. The first car over the Jamesville extension was run on August 1, 1903.
Amusement parks.
By 1906, the company also owned amusement parks at Jamesville and Edwards Falls, a tourist attraction near Manlius called "Suburban Park" remained in business until 1973.
Company management.
In 1898, company officers were president, Arthur Jenkins; vice-president, Thomas Hogan; secretary and treasurer, Giles H. Stillwell; and general manager, Charles E. Hubbell. Directors of the company were A. Cady Palmer, Arthur Jenkins, Giles H. Stillwell, Daniel W. Gridley, Frank W. Gridley, John F. Gaynor, Edward Joy, Thomas Hogan, David K. McCarthy, John L. King and Charles E. Hubbell. 
During June 1906, directors of the company were E. F. Allen, G. H. Stillwell, H. W. Plumb, George C. Cotton, John L. King, Charles E. Hubbell and H. A. Schenchk, all of Syracuse, New York, Edward Powell and John G. Powell, both of Philadelphia and Calvin McCarthy and Albert Spencer of Jamesville, New York.
Company officers were president, John L. King, vice-president and general manager / purchasing agent, Charles E. Hubbell, secretary and treasurer, Giles H. Stillwell, superintendent, Henry Thompson and master mechanic, C. J. Sullivan. The general office was located in Syracuse, New York and the Power Station and Repair Shops were located in Edwards Falls.
By 1908, the company headquarters were located on East Fayette Street at the corner of Montgomery Street. Charles E. Hubbell was president and general manager. Chester H. King was vice-president and Giles H. Stilwell was treasurer.
Rail expansion.
In June 1920, the total value of the Syracuse and Suburban Railway franchise in Syracuse, as determined by the New York State Tax Commission, was $125,000, down from $145,250 in 1919.
In March 1921, three commissioners were appointed to determine whether the railroad ought to be constructed and operated in Pine Street between East Genesee Street and East Fayette Street.
Financial problems.
On January 1, 1921, the rail, with lines between Syracuse and Fayetteville and Manlius, suspended operation at 1 am because of lack of operating revenue. C. Loomis Allen, general manager, declared that unless there were changed conditions the road would not resume and that readjustment of fares and wages of employees must be effected. That same day, a motor bus service was started pending formal grant of franchises for motor lines between the two villages and the city of Syracuse. The Chenango branch of the New York Central Railroad also stepped in to accommodate many passengers who had relied on the electric service.
Road abandoned.
The road was abandoned in 1931 and Route 5 was widened to cover most of the roadbed. Extensive construction and quarrying on the Jamesville branch had almost eliminated any traces of the former railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="30945674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945674" title="Manuale d'amore 3">
Manuale d'amore 3

The Ages of Love (, also known as "Manual of Love 3") is a 2011 Italian romantic comedy film consisting of three segments. It was directed by Giovanni Veronesi, and it is a sequel of "Manuale d'amore" (2005) and "Manuale d'amore 2 – Capitoli successivi" (2007).
Plot.
The film is composed of three episodes, each following a different couple:
The episodes are connected by short monologues and phrases recited by a young author who plays Cupid. In the first episode Roberto (Scamarcio) works at a mortgage company that gave the order to evict a family of Tuscan farmers to build complex sites, providing them with the sum of € 15,000. Roberto goes on the spot, and there, in addition to clash with the rural owners of the house, meet the beautiful falls in love with Micol (Chiatti). But Roberto is already about to marry another woman, and this may cause him much trouble, but in the meantime he is having fun with Micol. At the end of the story Roberto will agree with Micol and return safe and sound to his home. 
In the second story Carlo Verdone is Fabio, a famous journalist TG La7 (Italian news channel located in the seventh Television Network), married and with children that meets, or rather meets with a woman with mental health problems. In fact, the girl lives in a world of his own where also involves the poor Fabio who is also discovered by his wife asks for a divorce. However, Fabio still think to continue his meetings with the girl, very fond of cherubs and angels of marble which are the pillars of his weak and fragile sanity. When Fabio becomes truly realize the mistake he did leave without a warning the girl, remaining evil, falls into a state of chronic depression and is rescued from the ER. Fabio returns to visit the girl who tells him where he hid DVD on which he had recorded the home video of their first sexual encounter by which it had not blackmailed to abandon it and leaves a farewell poem. 
In the final story Robert De Niro plays the shy Adrian, a professor of art history for years no longer has any relationship of friendship or intimacy with a woman. His only real friend is the goalkeeper (Michele Placido) staying in the apartment where Rome which has a beautiful daughter named Violet, as she says, she works as a model in Paris. After dinner ended badly for a fight, the three friends come home and find that Viola in France was not a model, but the prostitute. The father is furious and sends her out of the house, so the woman did not know where to go knocking on the door of Adrian that is waiting. In the two hours that pass you tell all their adventures and their sorrows that have had over the years and soon kindles love. But Adrian is still very shy due to infarction who had a disappointment in love, but Viola makes him forget all his troubles. At the end of the story Adrian chooses to leave his job and all his worries to buy a small house on an island of Greece to live together with Violet and the baby she has conceived.
The characters in the film are all related.
Filming.
The film is set in Castiglione della Pescaia and in Rome. Filming started in Rome on 24 September 2010 and in Castiglione della Pescaia on 18 October. The final scene of De Niro and Monica Bellucci was filmed in the Villa Pizzetti Hospital in Grosseto, on 20 October. Locations in Rome used for the film include the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, "Angelium"

</doc>
<doc id="30945677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945677" title="J.T. Battenberg">
J.T. Battenberg

J.T. Battenberg III (born 1944) was the Chairman, CEO, and President of Delphi Corporation from 1998 to 2005.
Early life and career.
Battenberg obtained a Bachelor of Science from Kettering University in 1966 and an Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School in 1969. He joined General Motors in 1961, working his way up the company. He eventually took over management of Delphi, a GM spinoff.

</doc>
<doc id="30945681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945681" title="Graeme Whifler">
Graeme Whifler

Graeme Whifler (born in San Mateo, CA), is an American screenwriter and director. He has written/directed movies, Television documentaries, videos, and music videos. He directed the film "Neighborhood Watch", the video "Icky Flix", and "Secrets and Mysteries". He wrote the screenplay for "Dr. Giggles" and "Sonny Boy" as well. He has directed music videos for bands such as Renaldo and the Loaf, The Residents, Yello, Tuxedomoon, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Snakefinger.

</doc>
<doc id="30945739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945739" title="Mohamed Chenik">
Mohamed Chenik

Mohamed Chenik also known as M'hamed Chenik (محمد شنيق) (born Tunis, May 1889 - died Radès, November 20, 1976) was a Tunisian politician and businessman. He served as Prime Minister of Tunisia twice, in 1943 under Muhammad VII al-Munsif, and again from 1950 until 1952 under Muhammad VIII al-Amin.

</doc>
<doc id="30945742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945742" title="Alexander Gorchilin">
Alexander Gorchilin

Alexander Pavlovich Gorchilin () (born March 3, 1992) is a Russian actor and voice actor. He is a Russian voiceactor in the dubbing industry.
Biography.
Alexander Gorchilin studied at the DMTYUA. He played a role in the musical Nord-Ost. In 2008, he entered the Moscow Art Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="30945751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945751" title="Trotskyist Organization of the United States">
Trotskyist Organization of the United States

The Trotskyist Organization of the United States was a small Trotskyist group active in the U.S. during the 1970s and 1980s. The group was founded by two dissident factions which had emerged at the Socialist Workers Partys 1971 convention.
The TOUS had its origins in the "Communist Faction" within the Socialist Workers Party. Their initial criticism of the SWP was that it focused to much on the feminist, peace and "nationalist" movements, rather than the proletariat. After being expelled after the convention some members joined with the "Vanguard Newsletter" group, while others entered the International Socialists. When the IS split in 1973 the former Communist Faction members joined the new Revolutionary Socialist League (US). Within the RSL they had called their faction the "Soviet Defensist Minority". They left the RSL in early 1974 and "retain a degenerated workers' state analysis".
Another group that arose in opposition to the SWP leadership Proletarian Orientation Tendency. This group also believed that the SWP had abandoned the concept of the working class as the motive force in history and had abandoned its roots within the proletariat. The majority of this group stayed with the SWP, while a smaller group, the "Leninist faction" continued to organize within the party and distribute factional literature. This group was expelled on October 26, 1972. On April 20, 1973 the Leninist faction held a fusion conference with "Vanguard Newsletter" group to form the Class Struggle League. In May 1975 the CSL dissolved into its constituent parts. The former Leninist faction, who made up the majority, entered the TOUS. The reason for the split within the CSL was over the idea of "rebuilding the Fourth International" which they saw could only be done with TOUS, a member of the Vargaite International League for the Reconstruction of the Fourth International.
The TOUS published a newspaper "Truth" and a magazine "Fourth International".

</doc>
<doc id="30945759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945759" title="Aliocha">
Aliocha

Aliocha (born Aliocha Allard; August 17, 1984) is a French film director.
Biography.
Aliocha was born in French Polynesia in 1984. Inspired by the film directors Robert Bresson, Luis Buñuel and Andrei Tarkovsky, he studied filmmaking in Paris and New York City before directing his first short film La conduite de la Raison (The guidance of Reason) which was presented at the Cannes Film Festival’s Directors Fortnight 2011. Aliocha was selected to take part of the Toronto International Film Festival Talent Lab and the Berlinale Talent Campus. He then wrote and directed the short film Bake a Cake (winner of the “Aprile” Award at the Milano Film Festival 2012) which marked the first collaboration with the actor Jean-Louis Coulloc’h (Lady Chatterley) with whom he also shot his first feature film A villa in Los Angeles on the coast of Brittany, France.

</doc>
<doc id="30945782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945782" title="Bell Road (Phoenix Metro)">
Bell Road (Phoenix Metro)

Bell Road is a major east-west arterial road in northern metropolitan Phoenix, Arizona, United States. Bell Road is one of the few roadways to cross the Agua Fria River in the northern part of the metro area, providing a vital link between the growing suburb of Surprise with Phoenix. As a result, the portion of Bell Road passing through Surprise and Sun City is the busiest arterial road in the state of Arizona.
The road is named for farmer Harvey Bell, who, together with James Shea, formed in 1916 the Paradise Verde Irrigation District.
Route description.
At its eastern terminus, the main segment of Bell Road, approximately in length, begins at the corporate boundaries of Phoenix and Scottsdale at its intersection with Scottsdale Road. Traveling west, the road intersects State Route 51 and Interstate 17 in Phoenix, the Loop 101 (Agua Fria Freeway) in Peoria, and Grand Avenue and State Route 303 in Surprise. West of the Beardsley Canal, the roadway curves around the White Tank Mountain Regional Park, becoming the Sun Valley Parkway.
East of 66th Street, Bell Road takes a south-easterly bend and, at its intersection with Scottsdale Road, becomes Frank Lloyd Wright Boulevard, named in recognition of architect and designer Frank Lloyd Wright. This alignment was built in the mid-1970s during the construction of the CAP canal. In this area of Scottsdale, a non-contiguous segment of Bell Road approximately long exists north of Frank Lloyd Wright Boulevard, which includes an intersection with the eastern leg of State Route 101.
East of the McDowell Mountains, the Bell Road alignment forms the northern boundary of the city of Fountain Hills.
Junction List.
Entire Route is in Maricopa County, 17000 North in Phoenix's grid system.
Landmarks.
Prominent locations on or near Bell Road include the Scottsdale Municipal Airport, Turf Paradise, Arrowhead Towne Center and the Peoria Sports Complex. Bell Road also forms the boundary of the original town site of Surprise.

</doc>
<doc id="30945784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945784" title="Slaheddine Baccouche">
Slaheddine Baccouche

Slaheddine Baccouche (August 14, 1883 - December 24, 1959) was a Tunisian politician. He served as grand vizier of Tunis under Muhammad VIII al-Amin, from 1943 to 1947 and again from 1952 to 1954. His nephew was the writer Hachemi Baccouche.

</doc>
<doc id="30945817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945817" title="Adventure mine">
Adventure mine

The Adventure Mine is a copper mine in Greenland Township, near Greenland, Michigan in Ontonagon County, Michigan that operated from 1850 to 1920. The mine has five shafts. It is open for tours from late May to mid-October, under the operation of the Adventure Mining Company.
History.
1850 to 1920.
In 1850, the Adventure Mining Company (unrelated to present company) was formed and operated a mine until 1862. In 1863, it was purchased by Thomas Mason and named the Adventure Copper Company. Starting in 1898, the property was operated by the Adventure Consolidated Copper Company. Production ceased in 1908 due to low copper prices, but restarted for a short time during World War I. Production finally halted in 1917 and the mine closed in 1920.
1970 to present.
Beginning in the 1970s, tours have been available on and off. Jack and Margaret Neph purchased the mine in 1972 and offered tours from 1973 through the mid-1980s. Their son John, along with his wife Winnie, offered tours from the late 1990s until 2003. The current owners, the modern Adventure Mining Company owned by Matthew and Victoria Portfleet, purchased the mine in 2004 and have operated tours since 2005.
Since 2009, an annual bike race called Miner's Revenge has been held whose course runs both within the mine and above ground.

</doc>
<doc id="30945841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945841" title="Hachemi Baccouche">
Hachemi Baccouche

Mhamed Hachemi Baccouche, known as Hachemi Baccouche (Tunis, January 4, 1916 – Tunis, June 9, 2008) was a Tunisian writer, humanist, and psychosociologist. The nephew of former grand vizier Slaheddine Baccouche, he was exiled in France from 1957 to 2000, but returned to Tunis in 2006. He was a communist in his youth.

</doc>
<doc id="30945846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945846" title="Peach Street Distillers">
Peach Street Distillers

Peach Street Distillers is a privately owned, self-proclaimed “artisanal,” professional brewery and distillery in Palisade, Colorado. Established in November 2005 by Rory Donovan with Bill Graham and David Thibodeau, co-founders of Ska Brewing Company in Durango, Colorado, Peach Street was established in Palisade to utilize the area’s favorable growing conditions for various types of fruits.
The company is best known for their Goat Vodka and Jackelope Gin, and a tasting room that holds regular bar hours, staying open until 12 a.m. on weekends.
History.
Three good friends- Rory, Bill and Dave- began the company with years of professional brewing and distilling experience between them. They chose Palisade, located at 4,700 feet elevation with its cool nights during the growing season, yet desert conditions and intense sunlight, for their liquor-making hub. Such a setting allows the fruit they grow to ripen with a high concentration of sugars. The distillery uses a custom-made German copper pot to create their vodka, the Goat, with sweet corn from Olathe, Colorado, a neighboring town.
Head distiller Davy Lindig makes bourbon from Olathe sweet corn, fruit brandies from area pears, plums and peaches; and grappas in partnership with Debeque Canyon Winery, from Gewürztraminer and Viognier grapes.
Camaraderie in the industry is intended to boost sales and in the hope of making Colorado the epicenter of microdistilleries. Some companies have shared sales staff in the past, and Thibodeau expressed hope that such enterprises will experience the same success as the craft brewing industry; of collaborative success, he said, “the same rising tide floats all boats.”
Palisade.
Palisade, a town of just 2,500 people, produces a variety of fruits including cherries, apricots, pears and grapes. Hence, it is fitting that each September, the region hosts Colorado’s Mountain Winefest, in which wine makers from around the state pour their newest blends and brews for thousands of attendees.
Microdistillery trends across Colorado.
The proliferation of microdistilleries such as Peach Street Distillers is part of a growing trend across Colorado. Companies such as Leopold Bros., Stranahan's Colorado Whiskey, and Roundhouse Liquors have gained notoriety by filling a niche market for locally owned and operated liquor, a byproduct of Colorado’s brewery and microbrewery culture, as well as its locavore tendencies. The state is now home to 13 craft distilleries.
Craft distilleries often require considerable initial investments, both with regard to aging time and financial difficulties presented by competition with larger liquor brands. However, with the creation of the Colorado Distiller’s Guild, small licensed distilling companies now have an outlet to promote their interests. Relations are amicable between local brands; for instance, Stranahan’s and Peach Street order their barrels together.
Awards.
American Distilling Institute: Peach Street Distillers dominated the Varietal Grappa category, winning Gold for their Gerwurtz-traminer grappa and a Bronze for their Muscat. The company also took a Silver medal in both the Peach and Pear Eau de Vie categories, as well as for their peach brandy.
Products.
The company produces a variety of spirits that are available across Colorado. The company’s Goat Vodka and Jackelope Gin are also available in Oregon, California and Kansas.
Jackelope Gin: named for the mythical southwestern animal, this gin is crafted in small batches from hand-picked, Colorado-grown juniper berries, among herbs and other local ingredients.
Goat Artisan Vodka: triple-distilled premium vodka.
Peach Goat Vodka: Palisade has a prime climate for peach cultivation, which are integral to this particular flavor of vodka.
Jack and Jenny Peach Brandy: Brandy made with local peaches.
Jack and Jenny Pear Brandy: Brandy made with local pears.
Jack and Jenny Plum Brandy: Brandy made with local plums.
Grappa of Gewürztraminer: Grappa made with pomace from Debeque Canyon Winery.
Grappa of Viognier: Grappa made with pomace from Debeque Canyon Winery.
Colorado Straight Bourbon: Colorado’s first legal bourbon, aged in barrels for over two years. First released in a limited batch of 200 in September 2008 and a wide release in the spring of 2009, this spirit qualifies as bourbon, despite not having been produced in Kentucky. Available in a hand-numbered 720 ml bottle, the bourbon is 92 proof, 46% alcohol by volume.
Reviews
http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g33585-d1534737-r39861823-Peach_Street_Distillers-Palisade_Colorado.html
http://www.yelp.com/biz/peach-st

</doc>
<doc id="30945849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945849" title="List of cities and towns in Arunachal Pradesh">
List of cities and towns in Arunachal Pradesh

Cities and towns in Changlang district.
Bordumsa
Bubang
Changlang
Chopelling
Deban
Dharampur
Gandhigram
Jairampur
Kharsang
Khemiyong
Kherem Bisa
Kutum Basti
Lallung
Manabhum
Manmao
Miao
Namchik
Namdang
Namphai
Namtok
New Mohang
Rajanagar
Rangfrah Covt College
Ranglum
Two-hat
Vijoynagar
Vijoypur
Yangkang
Cities and towns in Dibang Valley district.
Alinye
Anelih
Anini
Cities and towns in East Kameng district.
Bameng
Bana
Chyangtajo
Khenewa
Lada
P.kessang
Palizi
Pipu-dipu
Seijosa
Seppa
Thrizino
Veo
Cities and towns of East Siang district.
Adipasi
Ayeng
Balek
Bilat
Boleng
Borguli
Dalbing
Damro
Debing
Gtc
Hill Top
Kebang
Korang
Koyu
Ledum
Mebo
Namsing
Nari
Ngopok
Oyan
Pangin
Pasighat
Rani
Renging
Riga
Ruksin
Sille
Silluk
Sirem
Yagrung
mirem
mikong
debing
miglung
Cities and towns in Kurung Kumey district.
Chambang
Damin
Hiya
Koloriang
Nyapin
Palin
Sangram
Sarli
Tali
Cities and towns in Lohit district.
Alubari
Chakma
Changliang
Chowkham
Danglat
Diyun
Gohaingaon
Innao
Jaipur
Kamlang Nagar
Kherem
Kumari Kachari
Kumsai
Lathao
Lohitpur
Loiliang
Mahadevpur
Manmao
Medo
Momong
Nampong
Namsai
Nanam
Peyong
Podumani
Sunpura
Tafragram
Tezu
Tezu Covt.college
Tindolong
Udaipur
Wakro
Wingko
Yealing
Cities and towns of Lower Dibang Valley District.
Abango
Anupam
Bijari
Bolung
Bomjir
Dambuk
Desali
Elopa
Etalin
Hunli
Iduli
Jia
Koranu
Kronli
Meka
Paglam
Parbuk
Roing
Santipur
Cities and towns of Lower Subansiri district.
Boasimla
Chimpu
Deed
Godak
Hija
Joram
Mengio
Old Ziro
Raga
Ranga Nadi Project
Talo
Yachuli
Yazali
Ziro
Cities and towns of Papum Pare district.
A P Sectt.
Arunachal University
Balijan
Banderdewa
Doimukh
Donyi-Polo
Hawa Camp
Itanagar
Kheel
Kimin
Kokila
Midpu
Model Village
Naharlagun
Nirjuli
Ram Krishna Mission
Saglee
Sonajuli
Vivek Vihar
Yupia
Cities and towns of Tawang district.
B.supply
Gispu
Jang
Kitpi
Lhou
Lumberdung
Lumla
Mukto
Sakpret
Tawang
Temple Gompa
Thingbu
Zimithang
Cities and towns of Tirap district.
Borduria
Dadam
Deomali
Hukanjuri
K/nokno
Kaimai
Kanubari
Kapu
Khela
Kheti
Khonsa
Khonsa Basti
Khotnu
Lazu
Longding
Longfong
Minthong
Nampong
Namsang
Namsang Mukh
Narottam Nagar
Nginu
Niausa
Panchou
Senewa
Soha
Thinsa
Tissa
Tupi
Vally View
Wakka
Cities and towns of Upper Siang district.
Geku
Gelling
Karko
Mariyang
Migging
Shimong
Singa
Tuting
Yingkiong
Cities and towns of Upper Subansiri district.
Daporijo
Dumporijo
Giba
Lemiking
Lepajaring
Maro
Muri
Nacho
Sippi
Siyum
Tabarijo
Taksing
Taliha
Cities and towns of West Kameng district.
Balemu
Bhalukpong
Bomdila
Dahung
Dedza
Dirang
Dirang Basti
Kalaktang
Khellong
Lish
Munna Camp
Nafra
Rupa
Salari
Sangti
Senge
Shergaon
Singchung
Tenga Market
Tenzingaon
Tippi
Cities and towns in West Siang district.
Along
Bagra
Bame
Basar
Bene
Dali
Darak
Daring
Darka
Garu
Gensi
Kambang
Kaying
Kombo
Likabali
Liromoba
Logum Jining
Mechuka
Monigong
Nikte
Payum
Rumgong
Tato
Tirbin
Vivek Nagar
Yoji Yora
Yomcha

</doc>
<doc id="30945852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945852" title="Swan for the Money">
Swan for the Money

Swan For The Money is an album by the Old Swan Band.

</doc>
<doc id="30945856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945856" title="Aaron Keller">
Aaron Keller

Aaron Keller (アーロン・キャラー), born March 1, 1975, is a Canadian born professional ice hockey Defenceman, currently playing for the Oji Eagles of the Asia League.
He debuted with his home town team Kamloops Blazers (WHL) in 1992, and played with them for 4 seasons. Later he played with the Peoria Rivermen (IHL), the Chicago Wolves (ECHL) and the Baltimore Bandits (AHL), playing with all three teams in the same season. The next season he moved to Sapporo, Japan, where he played three seasons for the (now defunct) team "Sapporo Snow Brand", and the next season with the "Sapporo Polaris" (the team who replace the "Sapporo Snow Brand", but they also folded after only one season). After the "Sapporo Polaris" was dissolved, he signed with the Oji Eagles. 
He has also been a regular member of the Japan national team since 2004.
Awards.
Best Defenseman (Asian Winter Games Top Division 2011)

</doc>
<doc id="30945865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945865" title="Idris bin Abdullah al-Senussi">
Idris bin Abdullah al-Senussi

Idris bin Abdullah al-Senussi (born 18 January 1957) is an exiled Libyan opposition figure and a claimant to the headship of the Sanussiyyah movement. He started claiming to be heir to the Libyan throne in 1989, though recently stated that if the old Constitution of Libya (1951) (as amended in 1961) was restored post-Gaddafi, there would be free elections and the people would be united under the constitution with "some modifications where the part of the monarch will be taken out" and the people would be able to elect a head of state, who could be called "president or whatever they want to call him". The position of heir to the throne is also claimed by Prince Mohammed El Senussi, the son and designated heir of the last Libyan Crown Prince. Idris al-Senussi returned to Libya on December 23 and stated he will not be active in politics or campaigning for the monarchy. He returned to Libya in December 2011 with his cousin, Ahmed Zubair Al-Senussi.
Early life.
Al-Senussi was born in Benghazi, the third son of the "Black Prince" Sayyid Abdalla Abed Al Senussi (1919–88) and his second wife Ghalia bint Nur Saleh. His father's third wife was a daughter of Crown Prince Muhammad al-Rida, the brother of King Idris. He was twelve years old when, on 1 September 1969, the monarchy in Libya was overthrown by Muammar Gaddafi. At the time of the coup, al-Senussi was at school in England with his brothers. They found out about the end of monarchy after a phone call from their father. al-Senussi later attended the Brummana High School in Lebanon, as well as attending St. Stephen's International School, Rome, Italy.
Exile.
The al-Senussi Family.
In exile Sayyid Abdalla Abed Al Senussi, the father of Idris, was an advisor to the deposed King Idris who gave Idris' father the task of "restoring legitimacy" in Libya by overthrowing Gaddafi. According to the International Strategic Studies Association with the death of his father Sayyid Abdalla Abed Al Senussi in 1988, the following year Idris claimed that various members of the Senussi royal family agreed that he should be named heir and continue the struggle against Gaddafi's rule. al-Senussi, supported by an Advisory Council, is the head the Sanussiyyah movement which embraces the majority of Libyan tribes. The movement aims to restore a democratically-elected government in Libya with a King as a constitutional monarch. They also have links to several armed and non armed groups both inside and outside of Libya.
Controversies.
In 1991 it was once announced that al-Senussi would take control of a 400 man strong dissident Libyan paramilitary force that had received training from American intelligence, to fight against Gaddafi. What might have become of this paramilitary force is unknown.
Claimant.
In 2003 at the time of the Iraq war al-Senussi announced that he rejected an offer made through intermediaries from Gaddafi to become Prime Minister of Libya, saying "because of what has happened in Iraq, everything is frozen now. Everything may change."
During the 2011 Libyan civil war al-Senussi announced he was "ready to return to Libya". On 21 February 2011 he made an appearance on "Piers Morgan Tonight" to discuss the uprising. In March 2011 it was reported Idris had held meetings at the State Department and Congress in Washington with US government officials. It was also reported attempts at contact had been initiated by French and Saudi officials. In March 2011, when asked if he was the rightful heir, Idris said a family council would decide who would be king, not an heir. And that his father had passed on to him the task of maintaining the legitimacy of the monarchy.
It was reported in December 2011 that Idris had flown to Tripoli from Italy using a pre-1969 passport and spent his first day looking around the former Royal Palace of Tripoli which he described as "the greatest joy of my life, apart from the birth of my children".
Business life.
al-Senussi has served as a Director of Washington Investment Partners and China Sciences Conservational Power Ltd. He has also had involvement in the oil and gas industry, having in the past worked for Condotte, Ansaldo Energia, Eni and its subsidiary Snamprogetti. On one business deal alone al-Senussi once earned $80m in commission. He was also the mediator of the contract for the construction of the Port of Ras Laffan.
Marriages and children.
Al-Senussi has been married twice. His first marriage to Cindy Heles ended in divorce in 1986 having had one daughter.
He married his current wife the Spanish aristocrat, Ana María Quiñones de León on 23 March 1987 who now styles herself Princess Ana María al-Senussi. They have one son:

</doc>
<doc id="30945900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945900" title="Leon Walter Tillage">
Leon Walter Tillage

Leon Walter Tillage (January 19, 1936 – October 5, 2011) was the author of Leon's Story, an account of the effects of Jim Crow laws on the lives of African Americans during the 1930s and 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="30945901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945901" title="Mohamed Salah Mzali">
Mohamed Salah Mzali

Mohamed Salah Mzali (born Monastir, February 11, 1896 - died November 22, 1984) was a Tunisian educator, historian, and politician. He was Prime Minister of Tunisia for a brief period in 1954 under Muhammad VIII al-Amin.

</doc>
<doc id="30945937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945937" title="List of major power stations in Gansu">
List of major power stations in Gansu

This page lists the major power stations located in Gansu province.

</doc>
<doc id="30945940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945940" title="Tahar Ben Ammar">
Tahar Ben Ammar

Tahar Ben Ammar (November 25, 1889 – May 10, 1985) (Arabic: طاهر بن عمار ) was a Tunisian politician. He was born in Tunis. He served as the last Prime Minister of Tunisia under French rule from 1954 to 1956, and was the first Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Tunisia, from March 20 to April 11, 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="30945953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945953" title="Gilberto Meireles Ferreira">
Gilberto Meireles Ferreira

Gilberto Meireles Ferreira (born December 6, 1981 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Windsor Arch Ka I of Macau.

</doc>
<doc id="30945992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30945992" title="Justin Robert Young">
Justin Robert Young

Justin Robert Young (born March 5, 1983) is a podcaster, blogger and writer. He was formerly editor-in-chief of The Daily Orange student newspaper and was associate producer of G4 Underground's first season. He is currently editor-in-chief of iTricks.com and WeirdThings.com, and is a co-host of NightAttack with Brian Brushwood. He was one of the people behind the controversial book "The Diamond Club". "He leaves his socks everywhere" – Ashley Paramore
Early career.
Justin Robert Young is a graduate of the Syracuse University journalism program where he also worked at The Daily Orange, the independent student newspaper of Syracuse, New York. He has also worked as a newspaper journalist for "The South Florida Sun-Sentinel" of Fort Lauderdale, Florida and "The Morning Call" of Allentown, Pennsylvania. He decided to include his middle name in his professional moniker, as several persons were already utilizing the name "Justin Young" in a professional capacity. In his early career, Young practiced and performed stand-up comedy and improv in addition to attempting a comedy podcast. Young, with Brian Brushwood, later released a comedy album "Night Attack" in 2011, debuting at #38 on "Billboard"'s Launchpad.
Journalism and podcasting.
Following his brief tenure in newspaper journalism, Young was recruited by longtime friend and magic inventor Andrew Mayne to serve as the editor-in-chief of iTricks.com, published by Mayne. Young later went on to serve as editor of WeirdThings.com, also published by Mayne. Young first met podcasting collaborator and magician Brian Brushwood in Florida while interviewing him for iTricks.com and soon after became a regular guest on Brushwood's BBLiveShow podcast following a swarm of call-in appearances. Prior to this, Young hosted a short-lived YouTube series called "TalkingHead TV" in which he interviewed guests from around the world on the topics of tech and pop culture, including an early interview with future co-host Brian Brushwood. Young and Brushwood were picked up by Leo Laporte's TWiT.tv network to co-host a show that went on to be named NSFW and premiered on November 24, 2009. One month prior in October 2009, Young, with co-hosts Andrew Mayne and Brian Brushwood, began the WeirdThings.com podcast, which has appeared as one of iTunes top science podcasts. In 2009 he also served as an Associate Producer on the first season of G4 Underground. Through the NSFW podcast, Young has interviewed AMC network's The Walking Dead star Michael Rooker who has affectionately proclaimed to be Young's "stepfather". Young has also co-hosted a podcast film festival with film director and producer Christopher Coppola, and has written advertisements for Greg Grunberg's website Talk About It, which promotes epilepsy awareness.
Young was also the lead Writer for the TWiT Network's show/podcast "Game On".
Young has been quoted in industry publications.
In February 2013, Young, in the middle of an "indefinite ban" from ad reads on NSFW, created a character called "Ad Dragon"(played by Young wearing a Lucha Libre-style mask) taking over the reading of the ads. Young challenged his alter-ego to an "Ad Read-Off" at NSFW's 2013 "SouthXSoWasted" event in Austin, Texas in March 2013 and won by forfeit when the Ad Dragon "resigned" from NSFW.
Live events and hoaxes.
On March 10, 2010 at Digg's South by Southwest Interactive (SXSWi) festival party, Young, along with NSFW co-host Brian Brushwood, initiated one of the largest Twitter hoaxes ever when they prompted a packed audience to tweet and re-tweet with the hashtag #omgconan that Conan O'Brien, recently departed from NBC, was going to join Revision3, an internet television network co-founded by Digg founder Kevin Rose. Word even spread that Conan walked out live on stage to make the announcement The stunt was originally orchestrated to set the world record for the "Most Tweeted Hoax", and now Justin Robert Young currently holds the record at 525 tweets with RecordSetter. During Magic Month at Seminole Casino, Coconut Creek, Florida (January 30 – February 25, 2011) Young was featured in "Stars of Magic" alongside performer Andrew Mayne. This marked Young's first performance in magic.
Advertising.
For the 2011 World Series of Poker, Young served as the spokesperson for Bicycle Cards, interviewing players in the tournament and providing commentary. His interactions during the tournament were documented in a series of YouTube videos on the channel Bicyclecards.

</doc>
<doc id="30946094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946094" title="Scheepers">
Scheepers

Scheepers is the debut solo album from Ralf Scheepers, lead vocalist of the German heavy metal band Primal Fear.
Credits.
Guest Appearances:

</doc>
<doc id="30946115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946115" title="Eclipse (Journey album)">
Eclipse (Journey album)

Eclipse (sometimes stylized as ECL1P53) is the 14th studio album by American rock band, Journey, and the second with Filipino lead singer, Arnel Pineda. Penned by Neal Schon and Jonathan Cain with contributions from Pineda, the album was released in the United States and Canada on 24 May 2011, on 27 May 2011 in Japan, in the United Kingdom on 30 May 2011, and internationally on 3 June 2011.
Production.
"Eclipse" was recorded in Berkeley, CA. As the album was near completion, producer Kevin Shirley ran out of time. In an effort for the band to release the album in time for the tour, Neal Schon and Jonathan Cain produced the remaining tracks in Nashville. The album was a departure, focusing on a harder rock sound rather than the formulaic pop hits and ballads. Schon, feeling the pop forumla became repetitive, wanted to experiment on "Eclipse" and make it more guitar-oriented and less radio-friendly. Shirley had trepidation about the direction of the album, clashing with Schon creatively. Many of the tracks were re-recorded in Nashville under Schon and Cain's production. Cain supported "Eclipse", saying "we’d had this concept in mind from the get go. We’ve got the ballads we can play all day long. If people want to hear ballads, they can certainly find them on other records."
Release and Reception.
"Eclipse" was released on May 24, 2011. In North America it was exclusively sold at Wal-Mart. "Eclipse" sold 21,400 copies in the United States in its debut week, reaching No. 13 on the US Billboard 200 chart. "Eclipse" marks Journey's second straight Top 20 album with current lead singer, Arnel Pineda. Internationally, "Eclipse" entered the Top 40 album charts in five different countries.
Despite high chart positions it quickly descended from the charts within weeks. The departure from their pop formula alienated longtime fans. "Eclipse" was unable to match the success of Revelation, barely selling 100,000 copies—an 1/8th of the previous album's sales.
Critical Reception and Aftermath.
"Eclipse" received mixed to negative reviews. Rolling Stone reviewer Caryn Ganz rated the album at two stars, saying "Journey's second disc with Filipino YouTube discovery Arnel Pineda on vocals is both grand and distractingly proggy." Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic also rated "Eclipse" at two stars, praising Journey's ability to fuse their prog-rock abilities with their arena rock sound, however he goes on to say the album "pulsates with a certain insular chill that isn’t especially welcoming; this is music made for the musicians, and if anybody else happens to like it, that’s just a minor bonus."
Though Journey enjoyed the process of recording "Eclipse", they considered its lack of success a career setback. They became skeptical of recording a new album, focusing primarily on live performances. Jonathan Cain said "we have a great catalogue here, right now to play. We got a lot of songs that we’re not even playing. So, we’re like, ‘What’s the point of makin’ a new CD right now?'". Cain did not rule out the possibility of another album, which he says "I think we need to stay sort of closer to who we are, to who we've been -- great songs, great melodies, harmonies -- and not worry about if it's heavy or not. Our fans are getting older, man; they're not headbangers anymore. So if we do anything, I think we need to go back to the center."

</doc>
<doc id="30946121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946121" title="Kurnalpi, Western Australia">
Kurnalpi, Western Australia

Kurnalpi is an abandoned town in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. It is situated between Norseman and Laverton.
In 1894 alluvial gold was discovered in the area sparking a rush to the area, a townsite being surveyed later the same year and gazetted in 1895. The post office was established later the same year and continued to operate until at least 1910. Potable water was difficult to source in the area so several mobile water condensers were brought to town with three arriving in 1896, two more in 1897 and another in 1898. A police station was built in 1896 and closed in 1910. A twice a week coach travelled to Kalgoorlie began operating in 1897. By 1901 the population of the town was 262 people (with 250 of them being male). 
The name of the town is Aboriginal in origin but the meaning is unknown. A feature of the district on the edge of town is known as Kurnalpi Rockholes.

</doc>
<doc id="30946128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946128" title="Luonnotar (Sibelius)">
Luonnotar (Sibelius)

Luonnotar, Op. 70, is a tone-poem for soprano and orchestra, completed by Jean Sibelius in 1913. It was dedicated to Aino Ackté, who premiered the work at the Three Choirs Festival in Gloucester, England on 10 September 1913, with an orchestra conducted by Herbert Brewer. Sibelius arranged it for voice and piano in 1915.
"Luonnotar" is based on Finnish mythology, the words coming from the Kalevala. The text is from the first part of the Kalevala and deals with the creation of the world. Luonnotar is the Spirit of Nature and Mother of the Seas. Setting music to Finnish texts was relatively new to Sibelius, as his first language was Swedish and most of his earlier settings had been to Swedish texts.
Genesis.
In 1894, Sibelius had the character of Luonnotar in mind when writing sketches for an opera. The early drafts of his orchestral tone poem "Pohjola's Daughter" were called "Luonnotar". An 8-bar sketch later used in the work was written as early as May 1909. However, his main work on the score was done in the summer of 1913, between his Fourth and Fifth symphonies. He sent the score to Aino Ackté on 24 August, and they rehearsed it together on 3 September, a week before the premiere in Gloucester.
The first performance in Finland was in January 1914, again with Aino Ackté, the conductor being Georg Schnéevoigt.
The piece takes only about 10 minutes, but has been avoided by many singers because of its formidable challenges. It has a very high tessitura: the vocal range required of the soprano is from B to C flat. There are leaps and drops of almost an octave, sometimes within a single word. The work is often described in terms such as "fiendishly difficult to perform", "the cruel demands made of the soloist" and "the cruelly taxing nature of the solo part".
Elisabeth Schwarzkopf sang it in Helsinki in 1955, saying it was the "best thing she had ever done in her life" (a recording of Schwarzkopf singing "Luonnotar" can be heard on this YouTube video). Other singers who have sung "Luonnotar" include Susan Gritton, who has sung the piece in staged performances at the English National Opera and with the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra under Edward Gardner, Gwyneth Jones, Elisabeth Söderström, Soile Isokoski, Taru Valjakka, Phyllis Curtin, Mari-Ann Häggander, Karita Mattila, Phyllis Bryn-Julson, and Dawn Upshaw. 
On 28 November 2008, the English National Opera preceded its production of Ralph Vaughan Williams's one-act opera "Riders to the Sea" with a performance of "Luonnotar" staged by Fiona Shaw with Susan Gritton as the soprano soloist.
Instrumentation.
The instrumentation is: 2 flutes (both with piccolo), 2 oboes, 2 clarinets in A, bass clarinet in B, 2 bassoons, 4 horns in F, 2 trumpets in A, 3 trombones, 4 timpani (2 players each with 2 timpani), 2 harps and strings.
Recordings.
The first commercial recording was made in 1969, with Gwyneth Jones and the London Symphony Orchestra under Antal Doráti.

</doc>
<doc id="30946133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946133" title="Arapaho Pass">
Arapaho Pass

Arapaho Pass may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30946139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946139" title="United States House of Representatives election in South Dakota, 2012">
United States House of Representatives election in South Dakota, 2012

The 2012 United States House of Representatives election in South Dakota was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012 to elect the single U.S. Representative from South Dakota's At-large congressional district, comprising the entire state of South Dakota. The election coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election.

</doc>
<doc id="30946145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946145" title="Nicholas Jacquier">
Nicholas Jacquier

Nicholas Jacquier (also "Nicolaus Jaquerius", "Nicolas Jacquier", "Nicholas Jaquier", (d. 1472 Lille) was a French Dominican and Inquisitor. He became known as demonologist and proponent of witch-hunting.
Life.
Jacquier took part in the Council of Basel from 1432 onwards, where he appears in May 1440 as a member of the "deputatio fidei". In 1459 he witnessed the persecution of the Waldensians in Arras. He resided in the Dominican convent of Lille after 1464. He traveled to Tournai in 1465 and was active as an inquisitor against the heretics in Bohemia from 1466 to 1468. His presence again as an inquisitor in Lille is documented in 1468.
"Flagellum haereticorum fascinariorum".
Jacquier argued in his book "A Scourge for Heretical Witches" (Flagellum haereticorum fascinariorum) that witchcraft is a heresy, and, as such, the persecution of witches is justified. "Jacquier conceives of witchcraft principally in terms of a heretical cult: to him it is the 'abominable sect and heresy of wizards,' in which demons, not witches play the leading role." He also denied that the Canon Episcopi, which had been invoked to undermine witches' claims to supernatural feats including night flights, was relevant in the contemporary debate regarding the supposed powers of witches. The text is dated is 1458 but was first printed in 1581 together with a reprint of Thomas Erastus's "Repetitio disputatio de lamiis seu strigibus".

</doc>
<doc id="30946158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946158" title="Ellisdale Fossil Site">
Ellisdale Fossil Site

The Ellisdale Fossil Site is located in the valley of the Crosswicks Creek in Monmouth County, New Jersey. The site has produced the largest and most diverse fauna of Late Cretaceous terrestrial animals from eastern North America, including the type specimens of the teiid lizard "Prototeius stageri" and the batrachosauroidid salamander "Parrisia neocesariensis". The site occurs within the basal portion of the Marshalltown Formation, and dates from the Campanian Stage of the Late Cretaceous. The site is classified as a Konzentrat-Lagerstätten resulting from a prehistoric coastal storm.
History of the discovery.
The Ellisdale site was discovered in 1980 by two avocational paleontologists, Robert K. Denton Jr. and Robert C. O'Neill, who brought it to the attention of David C. Parris, the Director of the Bureau of Natural History at the New Jersey State Museum. Parris encouraged the two collectors to continue monitoring the site, and within a few years hundreds of disarticulated bones of dinosaurs, crocodilians, turtles and fish had been donated to the New Jersey State Museum, which is the repository for the collection. The significance of the Ellisdale Site was recognized by the National Geographic Society which sponsored research under Society grants in 1986 and 1987. To date over 20,000 specimens have been collected. The Ellisdale Site is currently owned by Monmouth County Park System and is under the management of the New Jersey State Museum. Fossil collecting by the general public is prohibited.
Geological setting.
The Ellisdale site occurs within the basal portion of the Marshalltown Formation, of the Late Cretaceous Matawan Group of New Jersey. The exposures of the Marshalltown Formation at Ellisdale have basal lenticular bedded estuarine clays underlain by crossbedded coastal sands of the Englishtown Formation. The estuarine clays are overlain by well-sorted, crossbedded sand and offshore glauconites, respectively. The entire sequence is interpreted as preserving the landward migration of a barrier beach/backbay/estuarine/deltaic complex during the Marshalltown transgression. Vertebrate fossils are concentrated with rip-up clasts near the base of the estuarine clay sequence in a lag deposit consisting of siderite pebbles, poorly graded sand, and lignite. The fossil layer is considered a single-event storm deposit based on sedimentology and stratigraphy. The upper (marine) member of the Marshalltown was formerly considered latest Campanian in age, due to the presence of the foraminifer "Globotruncana calcarata"; however the "G. calcarata" zone has since been redated as Middle Campanian in age (75-76 ma). A recent study of fossil pollen from the estaurine strata enclosing the fossil layer has determined an Early to Mid-Campanian age for the stratum (76 - 80 ma) and a fresh or brackish water tidal marsh environment of deposition.
Paleoecology and taphonomy.
Remains of animals from at least four paleoenvironments are represented at the Ellisdale Site: marine, lagoonal/backbay, estuarine/freshwater, and terrestrial. Mixed faunal assemblages of this type are typically associated with transgressive lag deposits, and result from the slow accumulation of transported skeletal remains in tidal channels, backbays, and lagoons. Wave action and storms relocated the bones of marine animals to shallow water, while river currents and flooding events transported and deposited the remains of freshwater and upland terrestrial animals such as crocodilians and dinosaurs.
Megafossils of at least three different types of plants have been found at the site: "Liriodendron", "Metasequoia", and "Picea". In addition, possible remains of Mangrove roots have been found encased in siderite concretions. Amber has been found at the site occurring in small droplets, generally less than 5 millimeters in size.
Taphonomic analysis of the Ellisdale fauna has revealed two distinctly different types of preservation. Bones of both marine and upland terrestrial animals are typically broken, heavily worn, and missing the outermost layer of bone (periosteum). Some bones show evidence of boring by the marine shipworm "Teredo". In contrast, the bones of microvertebrates such as amphibians, lizards and mammals are much more complete, with delicate processes and the periosteum intact. 
The small animal fauna of the site probably represents a "proximal" assemblage that lived at or near the final point of deposition, while the heavily worn bones represent a "distal" fauna. It is thought that the proximal fauna may have lived within a freshwater deltaic estuary that was affected by a coastal storm surge or a possible tsunami. The presence of numerous well-preserved amphibian fossils support the idea that the environment was freshwater, as amphibians are salt-intolerant. The disarticulated bones which accumulated in the lagoonal backbays by river transport, and in the shallow marine environment offshore, would have been mixed with the skeletal remains of the animals that lived within the delta as the storm surge swept over the estuary. Return flooding from the overfilled lagoons and estuarine channels after the storm's passage would have subsequently filled with debris, resulting in the mixed assemblage of animal and plant remains that are found at the site today.
Faunal list.
Chondrichthyes.
Selachimorpha.
"Hybodus" sp.
Lonchidion sp.
cf. "Paranomotodon angustidens"
"Pseudocorax granti"
"Squalicorax kaupi"
"Cretolamna appendiculata lata"
"Cretodus arcuata"
"Cretodus borodini"
"Scapanorhynchus texanus"
"Odontaspis samhammeri"
"Synodontaspis holmdelensis"
"Squatina hassei"
Batoidea.
"Ischyrhiza mira"
cf. "Sclerorhynchus" sp.
"Ptychotrygon vermiculata"
"Ptychotrygon hooveri"
"Borodinopristis" sp.
"Rhombodus levis"
"Brachyrhizodus wichitaensis"
"Pseudohypolophus" sp.
"Protoplatyrhina" sp.
Chimaeriformes.
"Ischyodus bifurcatus"
Osteichthyes.
"Acipenser" sp.
"Amia" cf. "fragosa"
"Atractosteus occidentalis"
"Anomoeodus" sp.
Pycnodontidae indet.
"Paralbula casei"
"Albula" sp.
"Xiphactinus vetus"
"Enchodus petrosus"
cf. "Platacodon" sp.
cf. "Cimolichthyes" sp.
Amphibia.
Caudata.
"Parrisia neocesariensis"
Sirenidae indet.
cf. "Habrosaurus" sp.
Anura.
Hylidae indet.
cf. "Eopelobates" sp.
cf. "Discoglossus" sp.
Reptilia.
Chelonia.
"Adocus beatus"
"Apalone" sp.
"Bothremys barberi"
Baenidae indet. 
"Corsochelys" sp.
Lacertilia.
"Prototeius stageri"
cf. "Haptosphenus" sp.
Iguanidae indet.
Xenosauridae indet.
Helodermatidae indet.
Anguinae indet.
Necrosauridae indet.
cf. "Halisaurus" sp.
Crocodilia.
"Borealosuchus" threensis
cf. "Brachychampsa" sp.
cf. "Allognathosuchus" sp.
"Deinosuchus" sp.
Dinosauria.
Saurischia.
"Dryptosaurus" sp.
cf. Dromaeosauridae indet.
Theropoda indet.
Ornithischia.
Hadrosauridae indet.
cf. Iguanodontidae indet.
Mammalia.
Multituberculata.
"Cimolomyidae" indet.
cf. "Mesodma" sp.
cf. "Cimolodon" sp.
Cimolodontidae indet.
Metatheria.
Stagodontidae indet.
Eutheria.
cf. Soricomorpha indet.
Significance.
During Late Cretaceous times, the North American Continent was divided by an inland sea into two subcontinents: a western continent now known as "Laramidia", and an eastern continent named "Appalachia". Although a rich and diverse assemblage of taxa has been found from Laramidia, little is known of the contemporaneous terrestrial fauna of the Appalachian subcontinent. The Ellisdale Site has provided the first detailed look at the terrestrial fauna of Appalachia, including the rare fossil remains of frogs, salamanders, lizards and mammals. 
It has been suggested that land animals may have migrated between Laramidia and Appalachia, and possibly even the European Archipelago, throughout the Late Cretaceous; however the presence of an endemic "Ellisdalean" land fauna does not support this hypothesis. The Ellisdale fauna together with geological data suggest that eastern North America was an isolated continent from the Turonian Stage of the Late Cretaceous onward, and thus may have become a refugium for relatively underived Early Cretaceous taxa that underwent vicariant speciation. If dispersal to the European archipelago did take place via a North Atlantic route, it could not have happened until near the close of the Cretaceous Period, based on paleogeographic and paleontologic studies.

</doc>
<doc id="30946164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946164" title="Brunel Fucien">
Brunel Fucien

Brunel Fucien (born August 26, 1984 in Port-au-Prince, Haiti) is a Haitian footballer currently playing for AS Capoise of the Primera Division in Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="30946194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946194" title="List of Copper Country mills">
List of Copper Country mills

The following is a list of stamping mills in the Copper Country of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="30946201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946201" title="Shades (Yellowjackets album)">
Shades (Yellowjackets album)

Shades (1986) is the 4th studio album from the jazz group Yellowjackets, and their first of four for the MCA label. The album's first track, "And You Know That" won the "Best R&B Instrumental" Grammy Award.
The album features the original recording of the Yellowjackets' live staple "Revelation" (featuring vocal group Perri) as well as the Donald Fagen-penned title track.
Track listing.
Tracks 9,10 are CD release only
Personnel.
Yellowjackets:

</doc>
<doc id="30946246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946246" title="The Guidance of Reason">
The Guidance of Reason

The Guidance of Reason () is a short film written and directed by Aliocha. It has been selected to be part of the Directors Fortnight of the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot.
A man and his dog go for a walk in the woods.

</doc>
<doc id="30946250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946250" title="Mike Gilmartin">
Mike Gilmartin

Mike Gilmartin (born May 24, 1986 in Hyannis, Massachusetts) was an American football offensive lineman who was signed by the Arena Football League's Philadelphia Soul in 2010. He played college football at Rutgers University.
Born in Massachusetts, Gilmartin was raised in Fort Myers, Florida, as well as nearby Estero, where he played on the Estero High School football team.
Career.
Recruited by such schools as South Carolina, Clemson, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, University of Florida, University of Miami, Auburn, Georgia Tech, Central Florida, Purdue, Boston College, Princeton, and Syracuse, initially, Gilmartin verbally committed to South Carolina to play under Lou Holtz and Dave DeGuglielmo- but later signed with Greg Schiano at Rutgers University.
At Rutgers he was a 4 year letterwinner. He was a 4 year All Big East Academic. Played Right Tackle, Right Guard, Left Guard & Center as well as Special Teams. He went to 4 Bowl games while at Rutgers (Insight, Texas, International, and PapaJohns.com) and won 3 bowl games. 
Gilamartin graduated from Rutgers in December 2008 with a 3.264 GPA and a BA in American Studies. 
He did not participate in Pro Day his senior year. He took a year off from football and came back to Pro Day at Rutgers University in March 2010. He got looks from scouts- but his time away from the field was questioned. He participated in UFL tryouts and even went to Alabama for workouts with the Vipers, and AFL team.
He signed with Philadelphia Soul, an Arena Team in November 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="30946281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946281" title="Arapaho Pass (Boulder County, Colorado)">
Arapaho Pass (Boulder County, Colorado)

Arapaho Pass, elevation , is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the United States. 

</doc>
<doc id="30946285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946285" title="Liz Bangerter">
Liz Bangerter

Liz Bangerter (born 1974) is a Republican member of the Montana House of Representatives.
Bangerter was elected to the Montana House of Representatives in 2010. Bangerter is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. She attended Central Wyoming College. She also has a certificate in medical office technology from the University of Montana-Helena College of Technology. Bangerter and her husband Carl are the parents of three daughters.
Bangerter is currently running for re-election, and is challenged by Moffie Funk (D), a Helena teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="30946324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30946324" title="River Road National Scenic Byway">
River Road National Scenic Byway

The River Road National Scenic Byway (also called the River Road National Forest Scenic Byway) is a National Scenic Byway and National Forest Scenic Byway in the US state of Michigan. This byway follows M-65 and River Road; it extends eastward into the Huron National Forest and ends in the historic community of Oscoda near Lake Huron. The road parallels the historic Au Sable River (, "River of Sand") which has historically been a major transportation route for floating Michigan’s giant white pine from the forest to the saw mill towns on Lake Huron. Along its course, the roadway offers access to several recreational areas as well as the local scenery. The section of the River Road that follows M-65 was added to the State Trunkline Highway System in the 1930s. The River Road was given National Forest Scenic Byway status in 1988, and National Scenic Byway status in 2005.
Route description.
The scenic byway starts at the intersection of M-65 and Rollways Road and runs eastward along M-65 near Loud Dam Pond. The road runs through the Huron National Forest and along the Five Channels Dam Pond to a junction with River Road. There, the byway leaves M-65 to follow River Road eastward along the south bank of the Au Sable River. The road passes the Canoer's Memorial, the Kiwanis Monument and the Lumberman's Monument near Cooke Dam Pond. River Road runs away from the river, cutting across forest land near a bend in the Au Sable. Near the Old Orchard Park, the byway follows the southern shore of Foote Dam Pond. From here east, the roadway continues along the south bank of the river, across from Oscoda-Wurtsmith Airport, as it runs into Oscoda. The eastern terminus of the byway is at a junction with US 23 in town, a few blocks from Lake Huron. The segment of the byway that follows M-65 is maintained by the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT), while River Road is under the jurisdiction of the Iosco County Road Commission (ICRC).
Recreational opportunities.
Byway travelers will find abundant, year-round recreation opportunities, with many trails for hiking and cross-country skiing. Camping, fishing, and wildlife viewing are popular activities along the byway. Visitors can enjoy the forest and vistas from the scenic overlooks along the route. Other sites along the byway include the Lumberman's Monument and its visitors' center which are dedicated to telling the story of Michigan's lumber industry in the 19th century. The Iargo Springs Interpretive Site presents visitors with exhibitions on natural springs and boardwalks along the river.
History.
The section of the byway that follows M-65 was first added to the state highway system in the mid-1930s. On December 20, 1988, the National Forest Service designated the River Road National Forest Scenic Byway in Iosco County. A second designation was added on September 22, 2005, when the Federal Highway Administration listed the roadway as the River Road National Scenic Byway.

</doc>
