<doc id="31013816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013816" title="Little Clifton">
Little Clifton

<br>
Little Clifton is a civil parish in the district of Allerdale located on the edge of the Lake District in the county of Cumbria, England. In 2001 it had a population of 391 and contained 170 households. The village of Little Clifton is 0.3 miles south of Bridgefoot (although it is hard to tell where one ends and the other begins) and 3.5 miles east of Workington. The river Derwent is roughly 1 mile north of Little Clifton. In 1887 John Bartholomew, whilst writing for the Gazetteer of the British Isles, described Little Clifton as a township of 489 persons within a parish 3½ miles SE of Workington. Workington was, at that time, a district within the former county of Cumberland.
Early area history and Toponymy.
Cumbria is formed of the older counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, parts of North Lancashire and North Yorkshire. There are signs of human inhabitancy as early as 5000 years ago with stone circles discovered under 20 miles east of Little Clifton at Long Meg and Castlerigg amongst other places. The early settlements are in areas suitable for crafting tools such as stone axes and became the source for quarrying in the area. <br>Celtic immigration began around 500BC and developed in Cumbria as Brigantes. Celtic Brigantians had a major settlement at Carlisle and inhabited the area later known as Rheged around 100CE. The Celts flourished following Roman rule after the transitional period of Roman rule to Celtic rule c350-420AD. Anglo Saxon invasion absorbed Rheged into the (now) powerful Anglo Saxon kingdom of Northumbria c.630AD. It is From the Anglo Saxons that Little Clifton gained its name. The suffix ‘ton’ in Little Clifton is Anglo Saxon or ‘old English’ for enclosure, estate or homestead.
Mining.
Mining in Cumbria plays a large role in its history. Lead, copper, zinc, barite, haematite, tungsten, graphite, fluorite, and coal have all been mined at different times since as early as the 12th century. Western parts of Cumbria, and in particular the Whitehaven area, proved to contain haematite in large shallow deposits which were exploited by early miners. The first documented mining in the Cumrbian area was in Bigrigg mine roughly 15 miles south of Little Clifton in the parish of Egremont. It is believed that Romans mined this area and later on by early British and Norse settlers. In 1881 31% of the inhabitants of Little Clifton were involved in mineral extraction, the highest single occupation in the parish at that time. Force Crag mine in Keswick was the closest mine to Little Clifton which was mined for lead, zinc and barytes from 1839 to its closure in 1991. Force Crag mine is now run by the National Trust and open to the public.
St Luke's Church.
The site of St Luke’s Church dates back to Norman times and has various Norman artefacts such as a Norman archway and Norman cross shaft in the graveyard. The current church dates back to 1901 and contains some superb stained glass windows and other furnishings donated by local families. The church regularly holds concerts, events and open days.
Punderland Farm.
Punderland farm featured on the BBC, amongst other British news mediums, due to a ‘tragic mistake’ which caused the unnecessary slaughter of 200 ewes, 300 lambs and a pet pig. The mishap occurred because of a grid reference error of one digit during the foot and mouth outbreak in 2001. The intended farm for destruction was in Durham 100 miles away. No more compensation was granted than the standard for loss of livestock at the time and no legal firm would go to court for what would be a costly battle.

</doc>
<doc id="31013824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013824" title="Cyanea kolekoleensis">
Cyanea kolekoleensis

Cyanea kolekoleensis (formerly "Delissea kolekoleensis") is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names `Oha and Kolekole cyanea. It is endemic to Kauai where it has only been seen in the Wahiawa Mountains. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid was discovered in 1987 and it has not been seen since 1992. Because more specimens are likely to be found in parts of the dense rainforest that have not been surveyed, it is not considered extinct. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 2010.
This is a shrub reaching 1.9 meters in maximum height. It bears purple-tinged white flowers. The plant is threatened by damage to its habitat caused by feral pigs and exotic plants.

</doc>
<doc id="31013829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013829" title="Mungari, Western Australia">
Mungari, Western Australia

Mungari is a ghost town in Western Australia, located between Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
The town originated as a stop along the on the railway line between Kalgoorlie and Coolgardie and by 1897 lots were surveyed and a hotel was swiftly built. The name of the town was initially Mungarrie but this was thought to be too close to the name of another mining town, Mulgarrie, so the spelling was altered to Mungarri. A reserve for the townsite was gazetted in 1897, and the townsite was gazetted in 1904 and spelt as Munngari. The town served as a military training camp during World War I. The spelling of the town was changed to Mungari in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31013834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013834" title="Jurney v. MacCracken">
Jurney v. MacCracken

Jurney v. MacCracken, 294 U.S. 125 (1935), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that Congress has an implicit power to find one in contempt of Congress. During a Senate investigation of airlines and of the U.S. Postmaster General, the attorney William P. MacCracken, Jr. allowed his clients to destroy subpoenaed documents. After a one-week trial on the Senate floor (presided over by the Vice-President of the United States, acting as Senate President), MacCracken, a lawyer and former Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Aeronautics, was found guilty and sentenced to 10 days imprisonment. MacCracken filed a petition of Habeas Corpus with the federal courts to overturn his arrest, but, after litigation, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that Congress had acted constitutionally, and denied the petition.

</doc>
<doc id="31013835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013835" title="Chain linking">
Chain linking

Chain linking is a statistical method, defined by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development as:
Chain linking is popularly used with GDP/GNP data, to measure changes over time, giving a chained volume series.

</doc>
<doc id="31013838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013838" title="Georg Svendsen">
Georg Svendsen

Georg "Mr. George" Svendsen (19 March 1894 – 1966) was a Norwegian journalist and crime novelist.
He was born in Eidanger, and started his journalistic career in "Bratsberg-Demokraten" before moving on to "Demokraten" where he was a subeditor. In 1921 he was hired in "Fremtiden" and replaced in "Demokraten" by Evald O. Solbakken. In 1931 he was hired in "Arbeiderbladet". Under the pen name "Mr. George" he became known for his humorous articles in the newspaper. At his death he was also called "the last of the three great criminal and police reporters in Oslo", together with Fridtjof Knutsen and Axel Kielland. He was also known for practising journalism as a trade in itself, and not as a part of a political career. He retired in 1964, and died in 1966.
He released the criminal novels "Mannen med ljåen" (1942), "Ridderne av øksen" (1945) and "Den hvite streken" (1946), and translated the book "S.S. Murder" by Quentin Patrick as "Mord ombord" in 1945. He released several historical books: "Rørleggernes Fagforenings historie gjennem 50 år" (1934), "Telefonmontørenes Forening Oslo, gjennem 50 år" (1939), "Norsk nærings- og nydelsesmiddelarbeiderforbund: 25-års beretning" (1948), "De tause vitner: av rettskjemiker Ch. Bruffs memoarer" (1949, with Fridtjof Knudsen) and "Elektriske montørers fagforening gjennom 50 år" (1949).

</doc>
<doc id="31013849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013849" title="List of ambassadors of the Kingdom of England to the Holy Roman Emperor">
List of ambassadors of the Kingdom of England to the Holy Roman Emperor

The Ambassador of the Kingdom of England to the Holy Roman Emperor was the principal diplomatic representative of the historic Kingdom of England to the Holy Roman Emperors, before the creation of the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707. 
The position was not a continuous one.
List of heads of mission.
Ambassadors to the Holy Roman Emperor.
"No representation"
"No representation"
After the Union of England and Scotland.
In 1707 the Kingdom of England became part of the new Kingdom of Great Britain. For missions from the court of St James's after 1707, see List of ambassadors of Great Britain to Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="31013851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013851" title="Mr. George">
Mr. George

Mr. George may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31013862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013862" title="Beautiful People (Chris Brown song)">
Beautiful People (Chris Brown song)

"Beautiful People" is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown featuring Italian DJ Benny Benassi, released as the third single from Brown's fourth studio album "F.A.M.E." on March 11, 2011. It was written by Brown, Jean Baptiste, Marco Benassi and Allessandro Benassi, and was produced by the latter two. Musically, "Beautiful People" is an uptempo song which draws from the genres of electro house, dancehall and Europop, and contains influences of R&B. The song's lyrics revolve around Brown encouraging "everyone on the dance floor to keep their heads up and discover the beauty inside."
"Beautiful People" received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised its production and lyrics. In the United States, the song peaked at number one on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart, and became the first number-one single for both Brown and Benassi. It also reached the top ten in Australia, Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom, and the top twenty in Belgium and Denmark. The accompanying music video was released on March 22, 2011, and features personal footage of Brown's everyday life. The video also features appearances from several of Brown's famous friends, including Diddy, Bow Wow, T-Pain, Nelly, Timbaland, among others. Brown promoted the song with live performances on "Dancing with the Stars" (U.S.), the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, and the 54th Grammy Awards. It was also included on the set list of his 2011 F.A.M.E. Tour.
Background and composition.
"Beautiful People" was written by Brown, Jean Baptiste, Benny Benassi and Alle Benassi, with the latter two also handling its production. It was recorded at The Record Plant—a studio in Los Angeles, California. Before the release of "F.A.M.E.", the song leaked online on January 16, 2011. The single cover was unveiled on February 2, 2011, showing Brown strapping a gas mask onto his face as he peers up at the camera. The song's title is spelled out in ransom note effect, with Brown's name graffitied onto the bottom right corner. "Beautiful People" was released for digital download on March 11, 2011. An extended play, featuring additional remixes of the song, was made available for download in the United Kingdom and the United States on April 19, 2011. "Beautiful People" was later included on Benassi's fifth studio album, "Electroman" (2011), as track four.
"Beautiful People" is an uptempo electro house, dancehall and Europop song with R&B influences. According to James Dean Wells from AOL Radio, the song is " pulsing synths that build under Benassi and Brown's staccato and auto-tuned melodies." "Beautiful People" is set in common time with a moderate tempo of 126 beats per minute. It is composed in the key of Eb major with Brown's vocal range spanning from the note of Eb4 to the note of F5. The song is positive and uplifting with lyrics such as: "Everywhere that I've been / The only thing that I see is beautiful people ... / Don't you know / Don't you know / You're beautiful." According to "Rap-Up", on the song, Brown encourages "everyone on the dance floor to keep their heads up and discover the beauty inside." When speaking about "Beautiful People", Brown told Jayson Rodriguez from MTV News that "it wasn't a selfish record, it wasn't me bragging or boasting or talking about cars or money or girls. It was me being able to inspire people with dance music. We have a lot of tragic things going on and the world needs to come together as a whole and stop the negativity."
Critical reception.
"Beautiful People" received generally positive reviews from music critics. Margaret Wappler from "Los Angeles Times" wrote that "Beautiful People" sounds almost like a Kylie Minogue song "with its powdered-sugar synths and dance floor positivity". Jon Caramanica from "The New York Times" wrote that the song "has the clanging, swelling synths that are the hallmark of megaclubs." Editors from Idolator wrote "We like the song, though we don't see anything inherently 'Chris Brown' about this track — it really could have been recorded by anybody with similar results." Ed Easton Jr. from WNOW-FM wrote that the song "is a softer and sensitive side of Chris Brown as its lyrics are supposed to be meant to inspire others." Joanne Dorken from MTV UK wrote that "Brown's vocals are unrecognisable on this Ibiza-dance scene floor filler, which you can’t help but move to." James Montgomery from MTV News praised Benassi's production skills, and wrote "It's not a stretch to call 'Beautiful People' not only one of the year's most unexpected singles, but also one of the best." Robert Copsey from Digital Spy awarded "Beautiful People" five out of five stars, and called it a "dancehall thumper about equality and believing in yourself."
Nick Levine from BBC Music wrote that Brown is at his most ingratiating when he unites with Benassi "for the electronic throb of "Beautiful People"". Jamie Horne of "The Border Mail" wrote that the song "is another thumping four-on-the-floor anthem." Tom Howard from Yahoo! Music called the song "cheesily euphoric... a single just in time to gain some momentum before the high season in Ibiza." Sean Fennessey from "The Washington Post" gave "Beautiful People" a mixed review, writing, "When Brown dabbles in shamelessly au courant Eurohouse, such as in 'Beautiful People' featuring and produced by the Italian pop-house staple Benny Benassi, that voice is nearly swallowed whole by wall-to-wall production." James Montgomery from MTV News placed "Beautiful People" at number 18 on his list of the "25 Best Songs of 2011". He wrote that "this single represents his biggest reinvention to date. A slippery, shiny club track helmed by Benny Benassi, like most of Breezy's work it is undeniably sexy, but it's also subtly smart too. And that's where he made his biggest strides." "Beautiful People" was nominated for Best R&B/Urban Dance Track at the 27th Annual International Dance Music Awards.
Chart performance.
In the issue dated March 12, 2011, "Beautiful People" debuted at number 37 on the US Hot Dance Club Songs chart. The song peaked at number one in the issue dated May 21, 2011, and became the first number-one single for both Brown and Benassi. In the issue dated September 17, 2011, "Beautiful People" debuted and peaked on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at number 43. In Canada, the song debuted at number 90 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart dated May 7, 2011. It later peaked at number 22, and spent 10 weeks on the chart. On the Australian Singles Chart, "Beautiful People" debuted at number 14 on March 21, 2011, and peaked at number seven on May 2, 2011. The song was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), denoting sales of 140,000 copies. 
On the New Zealand Singles Chart, "Beautiful People" debuted at number 40 on March 21, 2011, and peaked at number six on April 18, 2011. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ), denoting sales of 7,500 copies. In Ireland, "Beautiful People" debuted at number 39 on March 31, 2011, and peaked at number three on May 5, 2011. In the United Kingdom, "Beautiful People" debuted at number 95 on the UK Singles Chart dated April 9, 2011. After several weeks of climbing up the chart, it peaked at number four on May 7, 2011, where it remained for two consecutive weeks. Overall, it is Brown's fifth UK top ten single as a lead artist. "Beautiful People" also charted on the UK Dance Chart at number two. As of January 2012, the song has sold 588,000 copies in the UK.
Music video.
The accompanying music video for "Beautiful People" premiered on MTV's "The Seven" on March 22, 2011. The video features cameo appearances from Brandy, Tyga, Game, Big Sean, Ryan Leslie, Bow Wow, Pharrell Williams, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain, Estelle, Teyana Taylor, Omarion, Diddy, Kevin McCall, Nelly, and Timbaland. The video opens showing Brown and his dance crew, The Rej3ctz, riding scooters during the night in the streets, before switching to various scenes of Brown singing and dancing in the backseat of a car and hanging out in a recording studio with several famous friends listening to "Beautiful People". The video is also intercut with scenes of Brown and Benassi performing at separate concerts, and Brown in the studio dancing with T-Pain. More scenes feature Brown at the club with Teyana Taylor, Brandy, and Omarion. The video ends by showing Brown standing in front of a wall that has the words 'Beautiful People' graffitied on it.
Becky Bain from Idolator stated that the video was "basically a four-minute statement that Brown still has a bunch of friends on his side." Ann Lee from "Metro" thought his dancing in the video was "better than his singing but it's still pleasant enough." Tanner Stransky from "Entertainment Weekly" wrote that the video had a "nice concept", and noted it was "a departure from Brown’s trademark glossy clips". Ed Easton Jr. from WXRK called it a "feel-good journey through his everyday life", and wrote "the visuals the video are supposed to show the human side of Chris and his friends enjoying themselves and leaving the stresses of the world behind to be free from criticism."
Live performances and cover versions.
A pre-taped performance of Brown performing a medley of "Beautiful People" and "Forever" was shown on the American version of "Dancing with the Stars" on March 29, 2011. For the performance Brown wore a black and white suit, and was accompanied by a group of robotic dancers dressed in all-white suits adorned with LED lighting for a futuristic "Tron"-like affect. Prior to the performance some of the show's cast were unhappy that Brown was going to perform because of the domestic violence assault that occurred with his then-girlfriend Rihanna in 2009. Brown was sentenced to five years of probation, ordered to complete more than 1,400 hours of community service and was given a restraining order which required him to stay away from Rihanna. Professional dancer Cheryl Burke told "Extra", "As a victim of domestic violence, I don't agree with him coming on the show, but it's out of my control", while host Tom Bergeron told the "On Air with Ryan Seacrest" radio show that, "I did tell the producers it may be to their advantage to not have me interview him, because my natural tendency would be to say something. So don't put me in a position where you are asking me to not say something, because I really won't do that."
On August 28, 2011, Brown performed a medley of "Beautiful People" and "Yeah 3x" at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards. He opened the performance with "Yeah 3x" and was dressed in a white formal suit, accompanied by "full-skirted dancers". Brown was eventually joined onstage by tuxedo-clad dancers and began dancing to the 1993 Wu-Tang Clan single "Protect Ya Neck". His dance routine then moved into 1991, where he danced to Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit". Brown's performance then came back to the future, where he began to sing "Beautiful People". While performing the song, he was suspended in the air, and then lowered to another stage where he continued to perform the song. Brown then went back in the air, where he did splits and back-flips. "Beautiful People" was also added to the set list of Brown's F.A.M.E. Tour in Australia and North America. On October 8, 2011, Nu Vibe sang "Beautiful People" on the eighth series of "The X Factor" (UK). On December 3, 2011, British singer-songwriter Labrinth covered "Beautiful People" during his set at the Jingle Bell Ball, which was held at the O2 Arena in London.
On February 12, 2012, Brown performed a medley of "Beautiful People" and "Turn Up the Music" at the 54th Grammy Awards, which took place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. He was dressed in a white and gray varsity jacket, white pants and sparkling sneakers. Brown and his backup dancers performed heavily-choreographed routines to "Turn Up the Music" atop a collection of blocks, which changed from red to blue to yellow and green. He then sang "Beautiful People" as he jumped across the blocks, while his backup dancers followed in a high-flying routine. The performance ended when Brown saluted to the audience before he took a bow. Rob Markman from MTV News noted that the blocks "resembled the 1980s arcade game Q*bert", while Evelyn McDonnell from "Los Angeles Times" noted that Brown lip-synched his performance. Andrew Martin from "Prefix" magazine wrote that it was one of the worst performances at the Grammy Awards due to the fact that he lip-synched. The performance was made available for download via the iTunes Store in the United States on February 15, 2012.
Credits and personnel.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="31013869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013869" title="Denticollis linearis">
Denticollis linearis

Denticollis linearis is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae subfamily Dendrometrinae.
This beetle is present in most of Europe, in the East Palearctic ecozone, in the Nearctic ecozone and in the Near East.
"Denticollis linearis" is quite similar to a Cantharidae species, but it can be distinguished from a soldier beetle by the two basal angles very protruding on pronotum and the deep longitudinal rows of pits.
The pronotum varies from orange-red to brownish, the elytra from dark-brown to yellowish, while the head and femora are generally blackish, the tarsi and tibia are orange-yellow.
The larvae are omnivorous, feeding on many different plants and other species larvae. The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered from May through July in broadleaved and coniferous host-trees.

</doc>
<doc id="31013873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013873" title="UAE Exchange">
UAE Exchange

UAE Exchange is a United Arab Emirates based company dealing primarily in remittance, currency exchange and bill payment solutions. The company is headquartered in Abu Dhabi, UAE, and operates more than 700 offices across 31 countries, with over 330 of these are in India through its subsidiary UAE Exchange & Financial Services. 
UAE Exchange has more than 9000 employees in over 40 countries. It is one of the largest remittance companies and has extensive network in the middle east and Asia.
History.
UAE Exchange was founded by business man B. R. Shetty and former United Arab Emirates Minister of Justice H. E. Abdulla Humaid Ali Al Mazroei, in 1980, in Abu Dhabi. It expanded from a single office in Abu Dhabi to over 700 offices, worldwide.
In 1993 UAE Exchange became a SWIFT member and the following two years opened operations in Oman and Kuwait as well as launching an express transfer, gold card and bank notes service.
In 1999 it launched retail operations in India, which was to become the largest operation outside its home base. It followed this with opening offices in Bangladesh, the UK and Sri Lanka in the following three years. In 2001 it launched Xpress Money, an instant money transfer service in the UK.
By 2003, it has also added Australia to its network. The same year it opened its 100th branch in India as well as launched services for the corporate sector. The following year it introduced a web-based money transfer process.
Between 2005 and 2009 it continued to expand, opening offices in Hong Kong, Uganda, Jordan, Canada, New Zealand and China, as well as purchasing "Moneydart Global Services" in the United States. It also launched an online money transfer portal, Money2anywhere.com. XPay, the bill payment solution using mobile phone was also brough out in India.
In 2009 UAE Exchange became an of an Authorized Payment Institution (API) in 2009 with the UK financial regulator at that time, the Financial Services Authority
Products and Services.
The company offers a number of services:

</doc>
<doc id="31013883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013883" title="Pierre Francastel">
Pierre Francastel

Pierre Francastel (1900–1970) was a French art historian, best known for his use of sociological method.
Francastel's initial period of study was in literature, at the Sorbonne. He worked in building conservation at Versailles while undertaking research toward his doctoral degree, which was on the sculpture of Versailles, and in 1928 he published a monograph, including a critical catalogue, on the seventeenth-century French sculptor François Girardon. In 1930, he was appointed director of the Warsaw "Institut français", and in 1936 he was appointed professor at the University in Strasbourg. In 1948, he was created inaugural Professor of the Sociology of Art at the École pratique des hautes études in Paris.
Francastel's research interests varied between the French seventeenth century and the nineteenth century, but his sociological methodology, strongly influenced by the work of Émile Durkheim, remained the intellectual basis upon which his scholarly thought and corpus were organised. Francastel is also noted for his promotion of spatial concerns, both physical and conceptual, prefiguring the "spatial turn" of later scholars such as Henri Lefebvre. Two of his key works, that emphasise Francastel's view of art as a system both embedded within and productive of social relations, are his "Art et Sociologie" (1948) and "Peinture et Société" (1951).
Further reading.
Yve Alain Bois, "Foreword", to Francastel's "Art & Technology in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Centuries" (trans. Randall Cherry; New York: Zone Books, 2000), pp. 7–15.

</doc>
<doc id="31013892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013892" title="Reinhard Heinrich Ferdinand Fischer">
Reinhard Heinrich Ferdinand Fischer

Reinhard Heinrich Ferdinand Fischer (18 June 1746, Stuttgart, – 25 June 1813, Stuttgart) was a German architect and master builder of Duke Charles Eugene of Württemberg.
Life.
Fischer, officially a son of the Duke's councillor and first master chef, but possibly an illegitimate son of the Duke had his education at the Gymnasium Illustre in Stuttgart and then completed an apprenticeship with the sculptor Johann Christoph Friedrich Beyer and from 1760 with the painter Nicolas Guibal. He was taught architecture by Philippe de La Guêpière. In 1771 he became a teacher at the Karlsschule Stuttgart. In 1773 he became court architect; in 1774 he received the rank of captain. In 1775, he became professor of Civil Architecture at the Military Academy of the Karlsschule. In 1797, he was promoted to major and chief architect. In 1802 he retired.
Works.
Fischer participated in the construction of the Cathedral of St. Eberhard in the Königstraße in Stuttgart, the New Palace (1807), the Hohenheim palace, for which he was planning a large equestrian center, the Castle Solitude, the pheasant garden in Weilimdorf and the first Bärenschlössle Castle (1768) in Stuttgart. He was also the architect of the early classical Franziska Church in Stuttgart-Birkach, that was presented to the population of Birkach by Charles Eugene in 1780. After Charles Eugene's death, Fischer designed the Schloss Kirchheim as a dower house for Franziska of Hohenheim. Among the buildings built by Fischer privately are the Vischer Palace and the Reichert House in Calw.

</doc>
<doc id="31013897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013897" title="101st Fighter-Training Aviation Regiment">
101st Fighter-Training Aviation Regiment

The 101st Fighter-Training Aviation Regiment ("Serbo-Croatian: 101. školski-lovački vazduhoplovni puk / 101. школски-ловачки ваздухопловни пук") was a unit established in 1945 as the 2nd Training Aviation Regiment ("Serbo-Croatian: 2. vazduhoplovni školski puk / 2. ваздухопловни школски пук") as part of the SFR Yugoslav Air Force.
History.
2nd Training Aviation Regiment.
The 2nd Training Aviation Regiment was formed on September 12, 1945 by order from August of the same year. It was created by the realignment of the First Pilot School at Ečka airport, as part of the Military Aviation College. It was equipped with Tiger Moth and Harvard training aircraft. By 1946 the regiment had become a Fighter-Training unit and it was re-equipped with Soviet-made Po-2s, Yak-1s, Yak-9Us and Ilyushin Il-2s. The 2nd squadron with Ilyushin Il-2 attack aircraft left the regiment and became the 3rd Training Aviation Regiment.
By 1948 this regiment was renamed like all other units of Yugoslav Army, it became the 101st Fighter-Training Aviation Regiment.
The commanders of the regiment in this period were Ivo Novak, Albin Starc and Kosta Lekić. Commissars were Dušan Đurović, Ćiro Begović and Stevo Tišman.
101st Fighter-Training Aviation Regiment.
The regiment was based at Kovin Airport and for short period at Nikšić and Titograd airports in SR Montenegro. It moved to Banja Luka in 1949, where it was to remain until it was disbanded. It was equipped with Soviet Yakovlev trainer-fighters and domestic-made trainers. 
It was disbanded on January 9, 1956.
The commanders of the regiment in this period were Aleksandar Radičević, Albin Starc and Radovan Daković.

</doc>
<doc id="31013903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013903" title="Royan Festival">
Royan Festival

The Royan Festival (or more fully in French the "Festival international d'art contemporain de Royan") was held in Royan from 1964 to 1977. It was a multi-disciplinary annual event, bringing together:
Created in 1963 by Dr. Bernard Gachet, the festival was primarily focused on contemporary music. Its artistic director was Claude Samuel from 1964 to 1972 then Harry Halbreich from 1973 to 1977. The festival was held annually for one week around Easter. Soon, its musical production, the Festival de Royan became as famous as those of Donaueschingen and Venice.
The Olivier Messiaen international piano competition was part of the festival until 1971. In 1972, it was replaced by a flute competition.
Publishing and principal creations.
1971.
The theme this year was the contemporary music of Eastern Europe.
It was also the year that created the international exhibition of photographic research (SIRP).
1972.
The edition was devoted mainly to the "younger generation".
1974.
That year, no fewer than 49 composers (including 15 born after 1940) are found in Royan, 18 different nationalities. Cent creations will be produced during a week.
Notes and references.
1. Photographie.com: 30 years of SIRP [ archive ]

</doc>
<doc id="31013910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013910" title="Tyndall Medal">
Tyndall Medal

The Tyndall Medal is a prize from the Institute of Acoustics awarded every two years to a citizen of the UK, preferably under the age of 40, for "achievement and services in the field of acoustics". The prize is named after John Tyndall.

</doc>
<doc id="31013915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013915" title="Gyratory System">
Gyratory System

Gyratory System is a three-piece music band based in London. It is fronted by producer/trumpet player Andrew Blick. Blick was a session musician in the 1990s and previously a member of One More Grain. His trumpet-playing style, which involves the heavy use of electronic treatments, has been likened to 'Miles Davis circa On The Corner, Andy Diagram or Jon Hassell'. Another journalist has written: 'A British experimental legend, producer Andrew Blick’s three piece must be the UK’s only acid-fried, horn-led electronic marching band'.
Gyratory System's music is created using a technique called 'The Process'. The resulting sound has been compared to electronica, krautrock, post-punk and avant-garde classical music. Paul Lester of the Guardian wrote: 'You may be able to detect the influence of composers such as Steve Reich here, and it may sound ultra cerebral, but...this is seriously danceable stuff...If anything, this music recalls the experimental early-80s "avant-funk" of the likes of A Certain Ratio and, in particular, 23 Skidoo'. Also in The Guardian, Alex Miller, awarding the band's release "Sea Containers House" 'single of the week' on 19 September 2009, stated: 'Maybe when the industry catches up with them and 2011 is rammed with music that sounds like a neurotic death rave of farting Klangers I'll resent them, but until then this is what I'm all about. Sing along everybody! Fart, clunk, parp!' 
The debut Gyratory System album, The Sound-Board Breathes, was released in October 2009. It was praised by critics, John Doran for the BBC describing it as a 'superb album, sounding like little else released this year'. NME rated it 8/10. In 2010, Dazed Digital described the album as 'one of last year’s most essential records'. 
Gyratory System has received strong radio support, including sessions for XFM and BBC 6Music.
The band has toured the UK as a headline act and supported Soulwax/2manydjs.
Gyratory System's second album, New Harmony, is released on 16 April January 2011, on Angular Recording Corporation. On 24 January 2011 NME rated 'Pamplona', taken from New Harmony, as one of its '10 tracks you have to hear this week', describing Gyratory System as 'wonderfully warped electronica...allow your neurons to be frazzled'. In an early review of New Harmony the music critic Everett True wrote 'I love this music...it bounces and quirks like a wind-up set of chattering teeth'.

</doc>
<doc id="31013949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013949" title="Maximilian von Wimpffen">
Maximilian von Wimpffen

Maximilian, Freiherr (Baron) von Wimpffen (1770–1854) was a military commander who served in the Austrian army during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars. Although a competent field commander, he was above all noted for his excellent knowledge of military strategy and tactics, which made him a key member in the General Staff of the Imperial and Royal Army during the Napoleonic Wars.
Early career.
Born in Westphalia in 1770, Wimpffen was admitted at the "Wiener Neustadt" Military Academy and graduated in 1786 to join "Infaterie Regiment 9 Clerfayt". He was remarked early on for his bravery at the siege of Belgrade, where he led a noted assault of the city, at the head of a column of volunteers. He received a wound during this action but was rewarded by being promoted "Oberleutnant" in the "Morzin Grenadier Battalion". He was then commissioned in Belgium, where he served as Adjutant to "Feldmarschallleutnant" József Alvinczi and then led his Grenadiers at the battle of Neerwinden, an action during which he was wounded and taken prisoner. Released, he took part to the battle of Landrecy in 1794 and the next year he was transferred to Italy, where he played a role at the battle of Loano in November. In 1796, he joined the General Staff, with the rank of "Hauptmann" (Captain) but he was never very far from danger and was again wounded while fighting in the streets of Valeggio that June. He was then given commands at the battle of Brenta and battle of Caldiero, before being sent to serve in Heinrich von Bellegarde's staff in the Tyrol. He was instrumental in coordinating the building of defences at Feldkirch, which had a significant role in the Austrian victory against André Masséna in March 1799. Wimpffen was severely wounded during a counterattack against Masséna's forces, but refused to take sick leave and was soon back in action in Italy, receiving a fifth wound at the battle of the Mincio River, while he was serving as Adjutant to commander-in-chief Heinrich von Bellegarde.
After the end of the War of the Second Coalition, Wimpffen was given a position as Adjutant in the newly created Inner Austrian military command (1803) and was promoted to "Oberst" (Colonel) in 1805.
Napoleonic Wars and beyond.
With the outbreak of the Napoleonic Wars, Wimpffen only took part to the late stages of the War of the Third Coalition, when he was appointed as staff officer in Moritz Lichtenstein's command and was among those who advised the Army Chief of Staff, Franz von Weyrother, against an immediate battle. His advice was ignored and the Coalition was decisively defeated by Napoleon I at the battle of Austerlitz on 2 December 1805. During this battle, he was badly wounded, while directing troops during the main Coalition attack, but his merits were appreciated and was awarded the Military Order of Maria Theresa and the position of General-Adjutant to Archduke Charles of Austria-Teschen (1806).
Wimpffen was still holding this position at the outbreak of the War of the Fifth Coalition in 1809 and thus commanded the Adjutant department during the first stages of this war. Then, on 26 April 1809, he was named Chief of Staff of the Army and was promoted to the rank of "General Major". As Chief of Staff, Wimpffen was instrumental in planning and coordinating the actions of the army at the battle of Aspern-Essling, but, despite his best efforts, could not prevent the decisive Austrian defeat at the battle of Wagram. For his services during this campaign, he was awarded the Commander Cross of the Order of Maria Theresa and then given a field command in Transylvania. The next major stage of his career came in 1813, after Austria joined the War of the Sixth Coalition and Wimpffen was promoted to "Feldmarschallleutnant" and given the command of a division, which he led at the battle of Leipzig. He was then detailed to take part to the invasion of France and helped take the city of Lyon, after the defeat of the French under Marshal Pierre Augereau. After the end of the Napoleonic Wars, Wimpffen was given several positions of "General-Commandant" and then, in 1824, the position of Chief of the Army Staff. He was also promoted to the top military rank of Field Marshal.
Described as a fearless and pugnacious soldier, wounded in battle eight times, Wimpffen was above all noted for his knowledge of military strategy and tactics, able battle dispositions and sanguine attitude in front of danger, which made him a key element of the Austrian General Staff during much of the Napoleonic Wars.

</doc>
<doc id="31013961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013961" title="Horace W. Wilkie">
Horace W. Wilkie

Horace W. Wilkie (January 9, 1917 – May 23, 1976) was an American Democratic politician and jurist from Wisconsin.
Born in Madison, Wisconsin, Wilkie graduated from University of Wisconsin–Madison and received his law degree from George Washington University. During World War II, Wilkie served in the United States Coast Guard. In 1956, Wilkie was elected to the Wisconsin State Senate. In 1962, he was appointed to the Wisconsin Supreme Court and in 1974, became Chief Justice of the court serving until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="31013962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013962" title="Cyanea koolauensis">
Cyanea koolauensis

Cyanea koolauensis (formerly "Rollandia angustifolia") is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names Palolo Valley rollandia and narrowleaf rollandia. It is native to Oahu, where it is known only from the Koʻolau Mountains. It is a federally listed endangered species. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a shrub reaching 1 to 1.5 meters in height. It bears dark red flowers.
As of 2009 the plant was known from 10 small, scattered populations along the peaks of the Koʻolau Range, for a total of approximately 160 individual plants. Only one of these populations contains over 50 plants. Most of these populations are located on land used for military training operations. Threats to the species include trampling and fires associated with military activity, trampling by hikers, damage to the habitat caused by feral pigs, flooding, trail maintenance, and exotic plants such as Koster's curse ("Clidemia hirta") and moho ("Heliocarpus popayanensis").

</doc>
<doc id="31014005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014005" title="Ministry of General Machine Building">
Ministry of General Machine Building

The Ministry of General Machine-Building Industry of the USSR (MOM) (Russian: "Министерство общего машиностроения СССР") was one of the central offices in the Soviet Union, established by the provisions of the CPSU Central Committee and USSR Council of Ministers no. 126-47 on 2 March 1965, who oversaw all issues related to space exploration in the USSR.
At the beginning the ministry consisted of 55 organizational units - companies, firms and research institutes: in 1966 there were 134, in 1991, 160.
On September 17, 1991, the Ministry was wound up, passing on their duties to the newly established Federal Space Agency Roskosmos ("Федеральное космическое агентство" - Роскосмос).
Headquarters.
The Ministry headquarters was located in Soviet times in Moscow, on Miusskaya Sq. ("Миусская пл.") 3. In Soviet times, the phone book did not indicate the address of the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="31014025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014025" title="Casemate Fort, Whiting Quadrangle">
Casemate Fort, Whiting Quadrangle

Casemate Fort, Whiting Quadrangle, also known as "Old Casemate," Officers Club Bldg. #207, Sentry Booth #220, and Fort Hamilton Community Club, is a historic building located in Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn, New York, New York. The old fort was designed in 1819 and built between 1825 and 1836. It is a brick and stone "C" shaped structure with all walls approximately three feet thick. The building and adjoining stone walls form a type of fortification known as a "walled enciente".
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31014034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014034" title="Johny Pitts">
Johny Pitts

Johny Pitts is an English television presenter, writer and photographer from Firth Park, Sheffield. He is of mixed race heritage (his father is from New York and was in the '70s soul band the Fantastics'). Currently presenting Escape from Scorpion Island, Roar (UK TV series) and All Over the Place., he also had stints on CDUK hosting with Lauren Laverne & Mylene Klass, Blue Peter and MTV.
Johny is a keen musician and member of the Bare Knuckle Soul collective, who have supported the likes of Omar, the Pharcyde, Plantlife and Alice Russell and garnered acclaim from Giles Peterson, Zane Lowe and Trevor Nelson, as well as appearing on the Norman Jay Good Times 7 compilation.
He has written for Blues & Soul magazine, Straight No Chaser & the Observer, and won the 2008 Decibel Penguin Prize for new writers with his short story 'Audience' appearing in the anthology 'The Map of Me' published by Penguin books. He studied poetry under Debjani Chatterjee and has performed solo and alongside renowned poets John Agard and Valerie Bloom at venues such as the Albany Theatre, the Jazz Café, the Big Chill Festival, Notting Hill Arts Club and the Soho Theatre.
Johny recently collaborated with the novelist Caryl Phillips and Art Angel on a photographic essay exploring immigration and the River Thames for the BBC/Arts Council's 'The Space', and runs the website www.afropean.com and the ENAR Foundation award winning 'Afropean Culture' page.
His photography has been featured in and on the front covers of The Journal of Postcolonial Writing and Harvard University's Transition Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31014043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014043" title="Mount Grey / Maukatere">
Mount Grey / Maukatere

Mount Grey / Maukatere is a mountain west of Amberley in New Zealand. Mount Grey is named after Sir George Grey, the governor and Premier between 1845 and 1879. The Maori name for the mountain was Maukatere, which means "floating mountain", as they believed spirits of the dead left from the summit on the long journey to Cape Reinga. In 1998, as a result of the settling of the Ngai Tahu Treaty claim, the mountain officially became Mount Grey / Maukatere.

</doc>
<doc id="31014057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014057" title="Erald Briscoe">
Erald Briscoe

Erald Briscoe, also known as Englishman is a British-born reggae musician who has recorded as a solo artist and has also played bass guitar in several bands, including Ras Michael's Sons of Negus, the Shango Band (with whom he also sings), and JFC.
Biography.
Briscoe was born and raised in the UK, and as a teenager was a member of the London-based Revelation Reggae Band, taking initial inspiration from players such as Paul McCartney, Stanley Clarke and Robbie Shakespeare. He then joined Ras Michael's band, with which he toured Europe. In the late 1980s be began releasing records under the name Englishman, with debut album "Fighting to Survive" released in 1986. backed by the Roots Vibration Band, he became popular in the United States, and he has been based for most of his life in Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="31014064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014064" title="Harinam Singh">
Harinam Singh

Harinam Singh is an Indian actor, producer and director, specialising in horror films.
In the English-speaking world his films are largely known to fans of extremely low-budget and technically incompetent films. For example a review of his "Shaitani Dracula" describes the film as "a movie that fails so utterly on every single level", and as having "the feel of a movie put together by keenly untalented but enthusiastic high schoolers over the course of a weekend."

</doc>
<doc id="31014074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014074" title="Matra M.04">
Matra M.04

The Matra M.04 was a French missile project that began development in Societe Matra in 1948. Intended either as an air-to-air missile or a surface-to-air missile it was never adopted in service, although it was tested over the Sahara in 1952.
Development.
The missile was first test-fired in flight from a Halifax bomber in May 1950 at Colomb-Bechar. The missile was large for an air to air missile, with two pairs of cruciform swept wings, with the smaller rear pair being moved using pneumatic actuation to provide steering. A SEPR acid/aniline rocket containing 110 kg of propellent provided 1,250 kg of thrust for 14 seconds, taking it to a speed of 490 meters per second.
The surface-to-air version was intended to have an additional tandem booster stage, and was designated the R.042 - and work continued on it until 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="31014090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014090" title="Southland College">
Southland College

Southland College (SC) or Southland College of Kabankalan Inc. is a private, non-sectarian and coeducational institution located in the fast progressive City of Kabankalan, Negros Occidental, Philippines.
Established in March 2009, the school is one of the newest in the Philippines however majority of its administrators, faculty and staff have working experience and qualification comparable to those older institutions in the country. Southland College offers education for pre-school, grade school, high school, college. Though non-sectarian, the school anchored its values formation on Biblical truths and teachings.
__FORCETOC__
History.
The Southland College story is the intermingling of impossibilities and unbelief, against optimism and faith. The story of this new school is a beautiful retelling of God’s goodness; His hands helping shape the foundation of Southland College. Amid challenges, stumbling blocks, and interfering forces, Southland College was established – a shining testament of God’s wondrous ways and His helping hand for those who trust Him.
Deeply saddened by the anticipated mass resignation of the faculty and staff with the change of leadership of a private school where he was the former president, Dr. Anecito D. Villaluz Jr. decided to put up his own school where he could freely make use of his publicly acknowledged and admired managerial skills and organizational expertise.
The preparations for the new school started in March 2009. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued the school registration permit on March 24, 2009. The Department of Education (DepEd Western Visayas regional office issued the permit for the basic education on June 1, 2009. The school established a consortium with the Negros Oriental State University (NORSU) for degree programs, namely: BS Accountancy, BS Accounting Technology, BS Business Administration, BS Hospitality Management, and the 2-year Midwifery course. The administrators, faculty and staff, parents and guardians, and guardians, and friends of Southland College combined efforts and resources to strengthen the new school. Each of them undertook the assigned task without expecting any personal reward. It was evident that God is shaping the Southland destiny through the hearts, hands and minds of this people.
The Regional Quality Assessment Team (RQUAT) and Commission on Higher Education (CHED) supervisors readily issued permits for all degree programs after validating the requirements and inspecting the facilities. The school was formally launched on May 13, 2009. It was followed by a grand caravan. The following days saw the advertisements and promotions blitz in various towns and cities.
By the end of the enrolment period, God gave Southland College its needed initial number of students. It was an impressive number for a new school which opened within a few months time after its inception. A thanksgiving service with the theme “Triumph Amid Trials” was held on August 28, 2009 morning. It was immediately followed by the school’s very first academic convocation. The officers of student councils, faculty and staff club, and the parents and teachers assemblies were inducted in the afternoon. Acquaintance parties in all levels followed.
With the fast-paced establishment of the school was without no controversy, especially smear and false information disseminated by those critical of the school particularly on the matters of permit to operate different programs, but the school complied and was inspected by authorities thus granted a permit and even assurance to its students in all of its programs, on November 2009 The School of Basic Education was given Government Recognition then followed by the Diploma in Midwifery in November 2010.
True to its commitment to provide quality education for all, the school invested a college complex with modern classroom convenience and facilities to cater the needs of its students, the construction commenced last March 2010 and finished in August 2012.
Amid the trials, Southland College is seen to survive and prevail for its story is a tapestry of good relationships, great responsibilities, and God’s redemption
Vision & Mission Statement.
A progressive educational community where the individual is at the core of its own learning.
Respecting the human dignity and unique talents of each person, Southland College is dedicated in helping its students actualize their potentials for the enhancement of their own lives and for national development.

</doc>
<doc id="31014097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014097" title="Ladies vs Ricky Bahl">
Ladies vs Ricky Bahl

Ladies vs Ricky Bahl is a 2011 Indian romantic comedy film directed by Maneesh Sharma and produced by Aditya Chopra. The film stars Ranveer Singh opposite Anushka Sharma in lead roles along with Dipannita Sharma, Aditi Sharma and debutant Parineeti Chopra. In the film, Ranveer plays a conman named Ricky Bahl who cons women until three of these women unite to con him back. This story is inspired by the Hollywood movie "John Tucker Must Die". It was released on 9 December 2011 to mixed response from critics, and was an above average grosser at the box office.
Plot.
Dimple Chaddha (Parineeti Chopra) is a spoilt brat and only daughter of Sandeep Chaddha, the creator of "Chaddha Industries", a huge property company in Delhi. Her boyfriend is Sunny Singh, a fitness instructor at a local gym. While travelling with Dimple on his bike, he stops at an old bungalow and proceeds to break in to harass the residents. Sunny tells a confused Dimple that the bungalow he vandalised actually belongs to his family and it had been illegally encroached upon by the tenants. His grandfather, father and mother have all died recently due to the stress of fighting the court case to remove tenants. The government however as ruled in favour of the tenants and he has to pay thousands in property tax to avoid being arrested.
Dimple convinces her father to help Sunny get his ancestral property back, to which he agrees as the bungalow is on a sought after road. He sends his goons to forcibly evict the tenants. After this, Sandeep convinces Sunny to sell him the property for much less than market value. Later, Sandeep is arrested for evicting the tenants as unbeknownst to Sandeep, the family living there had a stay order due to a family dispute in the court for years on ownership. However, this dispute didn't involve a "Sunny Singh". Dimple becomes heartbroken on knowing she's been conned and tries to find Sunny who has already made his escape by boarding a flight to Mumbai. Sunny Singh in reality is only one of the fake identities of a serial con-artist named Ricky Bahl (Ranveer Singh).
In Mumbai, Ricky re-emerges working as a cleaner at an office building where he spies on Raina Parulekar (Dipannita Sharma), a headstrong go-getter businesswoman in a large PR firm called Synergy Communications. She's been ordered by her boss to obtain a rare M.F. Hussain painting. Ricky later meets Raina where he, pretending to be an art aficionado named "Deven Shah", tells her that he has been loaned the painting she needs by reputed businessmen, the Suri brothers, for an art exhibition. Raina, desperate to deliver on her promise, makes a deal with one of the Suri brothers, Manoj(who is actually Ricky, using a voice encryption software) over the phone. She agrees to buy the painting for Rs. 12 million. He tells Raina to give half the amount as an advance to Deven, as well as a cheque for Deven's commission. At a grand party hosted by Synergy, the painting is unveiled but the real Manoj Suri contacts Raina's boss and reprimands him over the phone saying that he never sold the painting so this one must be a fake. Raina's boss berates Raina for her ignorant mistake, accusing her of trying to con the company for Rs. 6 million. Humiliated, Raina tells the TV news that she was duped by Deven Shah. Dimple sees the news on TV and suspects that Deven Shah could be her "Sunny". She contacts Raina, who instantly recognises that Sunny Singh is indeed Deven Shah. Simultaneously, Raina receives another call from Lucknow from a widow named Saira Rashid (Aditi Sharma), who explains her story of having been conned by a man named Iqbal Khan, another alias of Ricky's.
Raina asks Dimple and Saira to come to Mumbai so that they can make a plan to find and con their common conman, who they simply name "Bloody Kameena (BK)" (Bloody Scoundrel). They decide to play the same con on him as he's done to them by baiting him with a too good to be true business offer. The plan is the following: Ishika (Anushka Sharma), a smart, sweet-talking and cunning saleswoman, would act as the daughter of an NRI American business tycoon, who wishes to open a restaurant in India to prove to her father that she has business acumen. Ishika is to con BK into investing in the fake restaurant by offering him a partnership proposal. To find BK, Raina uses the help of one of her hacker friends, who gives them a list of all prepaid numbers from around India which have the same unique "caller tune" (the famous dialogue by Shah Rukh Khan from "Baazigar") also used by BK. Using this they manage to find him in Goa, where he goes by the alias of "Diego Vaz".
Ricky, apparently unaware of the trap set for him, slowly starts falling for it. However, in the process of conning Ricky, Ishika falls in love with him, knowing well that Ricky, in turn, has also fallen in love with her. Ishika is tormented due to a fight between her promise towards the three girls and her love for Ricky. Ishika says she can't con him any more because they love each other, but the three girls pressurise her. Ricky overhears the four girls loudly arguing about him and he realizes that he has been set up. He is heartbroken and finally realises the pain he gave to everyone when he conned them. However Ricky remains firm and wanting vengeance he makes a plan to con the four girls. Ricky confesses to Ishika, he's a conman and wants to leave this life behind and wants to marry her. The girls set up a fake "father" (Akshay Anand) of Ishika, who orders Ricky to buy a plot in the name of Ishika, so she can be safe in case Ricky absconds. Ricky agrees, but since he does not have enough cash, he asks Ishika to lend him Rs. 4.5 million, half of the plot's worth. The deal is made and all the property papers are transferred to Ishika but they soon realise that this was all a con by Ricky. He bought the worthless "swamp" plot for Rs. 300,000 under a fake alias, then asked the agent to sell that same land to Ishika for Rs. 9 million. That way, the money which Ishika had conned out of Ricky would come back to him. The three girls blame Ishika for cheating them and vent their anger out on her. Ishika leaves and returns to Mumbai. The three return to pack up and leave, only to find Ricky sitting in their garden. He explains why he came back that he didn't feel good about conning the girl he truly loved and that the four girls have changed him into now becoming an honest and decent man. He returns the combined money he stole from them of Rs. 10 million and leaves.
The three girls realise Ricky's and Ishika's love for each other and reunite them. He travels to Mumbai and meets Ishika and proposes to her. She accepts when he tells her his real name, Ricky Bahl.
Equipment.
Aseem Mishra and Ravi K Chandran have used as zoom lens an Angenieux Optimo.
Reception.
Release.
The film was released in India on 9 December 2011. Upon release, the film received mixed to positive reviews. Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra's cousin, Parineeti Chopra, has made her acting debut in the film and most critics have praised her highly for her acting skills. Taran Adarsh from Bollywood Hungama gave the film 3 out of 5 stars and said: ""Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl" is, at best, a decent fare, which appeals in parts. The film starts well, even ends well. It's the in between that's plain ordinary. Ideally, the film merits a two-and-a-half star rating, but that extra half star is for Ranveer and Anushka, who steal your heart with truly striking performances. Nikhat Kazmi from "The Times of India" gave the film 3 from 5 stars adding: "There is no humour, no earthy flavour, no tingling chemistry between the lead pair. What does work in favour of the film are its performances and its non-hysterical tenor." Komal Nahta from Koimoi gave it 3 star as well stating: "Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl" is a fair entertainer. What is good about it is: The basic plotline; some con-game sequences; performances; music NDTV gave the film 2.5 stars from 5, calling it predictable and adding that the loses out on the great chemistry between the two leads. But it is still great to watch. However, he praised the performance of Ranveer Singh. So did Rajeev Masand who, in his review for IBN Live, described it as watchable but thought that it could've been so much more fun. Zee News gave i 3/5 stars, stating that "A good option to get entertained this weekend and reconnect with the BBB jodi for some laughter and foot stomping again! go watch "Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl"."
Unlike their last success, Ranveer Singh and Anushka Sharma, despite receiving good reviews from critics, both failed to make a mark together. Parineeti Chopra, the only one to get appreciation of the whole cast received accolades for her bubbly performance.
Box office.
Ladies vs Ricky Bahl had a mixed first day with many places recording low first day collections, but some multiplexes recording 50–60% for the first day. The collection improved well in Delhi and Punjab area throughout the day. The multiplexes dominated areas saw good to decent occupancy while single screened areas remain on lower side. The film had a decent first day collections of 47.5 million. During the second day of release, it showed good improvement and collected 55 million. Collections rose once again on Sunday and it collected a whopping sum of 62.5 million which brings the 3-day total to 165 million approx. The film remained steady on Monday, with collections around 25 million nett, taking the four-day total to 190 million nett approx. The film also put up a decent first week collection, grossing 230 million nett. Overall, it did decent business at the box office and earned 370 million in full theatrical run .
Soundtrack.
The song "Jigar Da Tukda" won the most atrocious lyrics award at the Golden Kela Awards in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31014104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014104" title="Bioelectrochemistry (journal)">
Bioelectrochemistry (journal)

Bioelectrochemistry is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the electrochemistry of biological systems. The current editor-in-chief is E. Neumann (Bielefeld University). It was established in 1974 as "Bioelectrochemistry and Bioenergetics" () and obtained its current title in 2000.
Impact factor.
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.947.

</doc>
<doc id="31014125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014125" title="List of Presidents of the Landtag of Württemberg-Baden">
List of Presidents of the Landtag of Württemberg-Baden

Presidents of the Landtag of Württemberg-Hohenzollern

</doc>
<doc id="31014143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014143" title="Wainui Railway Station">
Wainui Railway Station

Wainui Railway Station was a flag station between Paekakariki and Paraparaumu on the Wellington-Manawatu Line in New Zealand, when the line was run by the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company. This line is now part of the Kapiti section of the North Island Main Trunk. 
The station was opened on 1 December 1886 and closed on 3 February 1902. It served the rural area between Paekakariki and Paraparaumu.
The platform was on the west side of the line according to Cassells, who shows a blind siding on the east side of the line with the south end joining the main line. 
Hoy however says the station had no buildings or sidings, and was closed in 1900. He says it was north of McKay's Crossing near where a side road crosses the line and went into the hills. The station apparently served a local Māori community, and closed when the community moved into Paekakariki. 
References.
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="31014151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014151" title="Coney Island Fire Station Pumping Station">
Coney Island Fire Station Pumping Station

Coney Island Fire Station Pumping Station is a historic pumping station located in Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1938 in the Moderne style. It is a one story, elliptical shaped building faced in limestone. It sits on a granite base and has projecting porticos and metal doorways.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="31014178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014178" title="Robert Taylor (rugby league)">
Robert Taylor (rugby league)

Robert Taylor is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, and '60s, playing at club level for Castleford.

</doc>
<doc id="31014184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014184" title="Fridtjof Knutsen">
Fridtjof Knutsen

Fridtjof Knutsen (1894–1961) was a Norwegian journalist and crime novelist.
He was born in Harstad, and was married to Lalli Knutsen. Their daughter Mette Knutsen married Philip Newth and had the son Eirik Newth.
Knutsen was a journalist in "Dagsposten" from 1914, "Morgenposten" from, "Tidens Tegn" from 1917 and "Aftenposten" from 1934. He specifically reported from court cases. Some years after his death he was also called one of "the three great criminal and police reporters in Oslo", together with Georg Svendsen and Axel Kielland.
Knutsen also wrote about 30 criminal novels, many together with his wife. Many were Norwegian adaptations of books originally written by Betty Cavanna, Berkeley Gray (Edwy Searles Brooks), Carolyn Keene (several people), Helen Louise Thorndyke (several people) and Clair Blank (Clarissa Mabel Blank Moyer). Knutsen also wrote about 30 revues under the pseudonym Filius Kanuti. Non-fiction books include "De tause vitner: av rettskjemiker Ch. Bruffs memoarer" (1949, with Georg Svendsen).

</doc>
<doc id="31014188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014188" title="ISIRI 6894">
ISIRI 6894

ISIRI 6894 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2004 based on Directive 92/22/EEC as amended by Directive 2001/92/EC. It defines "Safety glazing and glazing materials on motor vehicles and their trailers".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31014198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014198" title="Clarkson, Ohio">
Clarkson, Ohio

Clarkson is an unincorporated community in Columbiana County, Ohio, United States.
Geography.
Clarkson is located at (40.7470065, -80.6134048). The majority of residences are clustered at the intersection of Clarkson and Sprucevale Roads (County Highways 426 and 428).
History.
Clarkson was platted in February 1816 by Robert Hanna, who moved there in a conestoga wagon with his wife. It was surveyed by William Heald. Hanna built and resided in a log tavern at the intersection of two roads. This building was later known as the Edward McGinnis tavern.
A post office was established in Clarkson in 1833 and remained until 1935.
An early settler and businessman was Milo Warrick who, in 1840, was a cabinet maker and undertaker in Clarkson. His son, Clement Vlandingham Warrick, opened a general store in Clarkson in 1885. He established the first Standard Oil dealership in Ohio, holding vendor's license Number 1. 
Local attractions.
Gaston's Mill, named for Clarkson resident Philander Gaston, lies within Beaver Creek State Park. The mill was built in 1837 and has been restored.
Notable events.
In 1817, James Monroe, while President of the United States, visited his cousin, Catherine Hanna, in Clarkson.
Pretty Boy Floyd, bank robber, was shot and killed by FBI agents in a corn field near Clarkson in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="31014203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014203" title="Ole Andreas Furu">
Ole Andreas Furu

Ole Andreas Furu (26 December 1841 – 28 November 1925) was a Norwegian civil servant and politician. 
He was a member of the Parliament of Norway from 1880 to 1882 and from 1886 to 1888, representing the Conservative Party. He joined Stang's First Cabinet in 1890, first as member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm, later as Minister of the Interior. He was a member Stang's Second Cabinet, where he served as Minister of Auditing, and later Minister of Finance and Customs. He was County Governor of Akershus from 1895 to 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="31014213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014213" title="Bibi Shahr Banu Shrine">
Bibi Shahr Banu Shrine

Bibi Shahr Banu Shrine () is a shrine located near Shahr-e Ray, a southern suburb of Tehran, Iran.
The shrine is located outside the present town on the slope of a small mountain range extending eastwards, known by the name of Mount Tabarak or Kuh-e Ray or also Kuh-e Bibi Sharbanu. 
The oldest parts of the shrine date from the 15th century, shortly before the Safavid period. Researchers have discussed, if the name of the shrine and the location could point to an earlier pre-Islamic holy site, possible a santcuary of the goddess Anahita.
Legend.
According to local popular legend a daughter of the last Sassanian king Yazdgerd III became a wife to Ali ibn Husayn, the 3rd Shia Imam. She was present at the Battle of Karbala and could escape after Ashura. Pursued by her enemies she reached up to Ray in Iran. On the slope of the mountain her enemies threatened to get hold of her. With the last of her strength she asked God to deliver her and the mountain miraculously opened and gave refuge to the princess. However, a tail of her dress remained wedged in the rock when it closed behind her. When her pursuers and other people found the cloth in the rock, they realised the miracle and acknowledged Sharbanu as a saint. 
Very similar stories, however, are also told about other locations.

</doc>
<doc id="31014216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014216" title="Appleseed XIII">
Appleseed XIII

A North American release of the TV series is out in June 2013.
Plot.
Setting.
Following World War V, a global-scale conflict fought with non-nuclear weapons that almost halved the earth's population, the city-nation of Olympus stands as a beacon of hope in a world of chaos. The utopian metropolis is governed by Gaia, a vast artificial intelligence, and administered by genetically engineered humanoids known as bioroids.
Although Olympus seems like a peaceful city on the surface, racial (human vs. bioroids vs. cyborgs), religious, and political conflicts lurk underneath -threatening to overturn the delicately balanced peace of this so-called utopia.
Story.
Deunan, a young female special agent, and Briareos, a veteran cyborg soldier, are both partners and lovers, as well as members of ES.W.A.T., the elite special forces serving Olympus. They are deployed wherever trouble strikes. Conspiracy, terrorism, deadly military weapons technology, greedy corporations, and power-hungry politicians -these are just some of the threats that Deunan and Briareos must contend with as they fight to protect Olympus and conduct their personal quest to find Eden in the wasteland.
As Olympus is carrying forward the Ark Project, aimed to preserve the future of human kind under bioroids' supervision, the Human Liberation Front is strongly opposing the plan and the very existence of the bioroids. The Front is supported by a radical fringe known as the Argonauts, a terrorist group hiding inside a legendary self-propelled city-fortress. But very little is known about the Argonauts, and their leader, Alcides is a man who reportedly died when the maritime industrial nation of Poseidon bombed the Argonauts' fortress, 20 years ago.
Characters.
Deunan seems to be noticably inexperienced in comparison to her portrayal in both the manga and the two OVAs. Although she was trained by her father Carl, she does not seem to show the same kind of combat and tactical background and training of previous works, coming across in the first episode as more of a rookie.
Media.
Anime.
Takayuki Hamana directed the animators at Jinni's Animation Studios, in cooperation with Production I.G. Junichi Fujisaku supervised and co-wrote the scripts, and Takayuki Goto designed the characters based on Shirow's original work. Atsushi Takeuchi led mechanical design efforts.
Appleseed XIII was released in Japan as a 13-episode OVA series and were compiled into two theatrical feature films. The first feature film titled, "Appleseed XIII: Tartaros" was released on June 13, 2011. The second titled, "Appleseed XIII: Ouranos" was released on October 24, 2011. During the release of the feature films, limited edition first Blu-ray volumes were being sold in theatres and the episodes were being streamed online. 
A 2-disc soundtrack was released under catalog number KICA-3146 on October 26, 2011 by King Records (Japan).
The names of episodes 1 to 12 are a direct reference to the Twelve Labours of Hercules
Manga.
A manga adaptation titled by Akira Miyagawa was published by Kodansha and began serialization on "Monthly Afternoon" magazine on October 25, 2011. The manga was collected into two volumes released on April 23, 2012 and December 21, 2012 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31014231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014231" title="Petar Čobanković">
Petar Čobanković

Petar Čobanković (29 January 1957) is Croatian politician who served as Minister of Regional Development, Forestry and Water Management.
Čobanković finished elementary and high school in Ilok, after that he attended Faculty of Agriculture at University of Zagreb where he obtained his B.Sc. in agriculture. From 2000 until 2001 he was Prefect of Vukovar-Srijem County. Between 2003 and 2008 he was the Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Water Management in the Cabinet of Ivo Sanader I. On January 12, 2008 he was named Minister of Regional Development, Forestry and Water Management in the Cabinet of Ivo Sanader II. In 2010 he became deputy-prime minister of Government of Croatia in the Cabinet of Jadranka Kosor.
Čobanković plead guilty and he was sentenced in March 2013 to one year in jail for corruption. The sentence was consequently reduced to a community sentence in an exchange for full cooperation with the prosecutor in the corruption case against the former Croatian premier Ivo Sanader. 

</doc>
<doc id="31014239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014239" title="Ban Chang">
Ban Chang

Ban Chang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31014247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014247" title="List of organizations designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center as hate groups">
List of organizations designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center as hate groups

The following is a list of U.S.-based organizations classified by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) as hate groups. The SPLC defines "hate groups" as those that "... have beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people, typically for their immutable characteristics." The SPLC states: "Hate group activities can include criminal acts, marches, rallies, speeches, meetings, leafleting or publishing" but that "Listing here does not imply a group advocates or engages in violence or other criminal activity".
Since 1981, the SPLC's Intelligence Project has published a quarterly "Intelligence Report" that monitors what the SPLC considers hate groups in the United States. The "Intelligence Report" provides information regarding organizational efforts and tactics of these groups, and is cited by a number of scholars as reliable and as the most comprehensive source on U.S. hate groups. The SPLC also publishes the "HateWatch Weekly" newsletter, which documents racism and extremism, and the "Hatewatch" blog, whose subtitle is "Keeping an Eye on the Radical Right".
The SPLC's hate group listings have been criticized by some political observers such as Ken Silverstein, Laird Wilcox, and Dana Milbank; a number of prominent Republicans, including House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio and Rep. Michele Bachmann; and members of several SPLC-designated hate groups.
Types of groups.
The Southern Poverty Law Center counted 1,007 groups as active hate groups in the United States in 2012. Only organizations and their chapters known to be active during 2012 are included.
The groups included:
Anti-LGBT.
Anti-LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) or anti-gay can refer to activities in certain categories (or combination of categories): attitudes against or discrimination against LGBT people, violence against LGBT people, LGBT rights opposition and religious opposition to homosexuality.
Anti-immigrant.
Anti-immigrant groups, also called "nativist extremists", are characterized by xenophobia, publish racist propaganda, and confront or harass immigrants and their supporters.
Anti-Muslim.
Anti-Muslim hate groups are described as disputing Islam's status as a respectable religion, and depicting Muslims as irrational, intolerant and violent and sanctioning pedophilia, marital rape and child marriage.
Black separatist.
Black separatism is a movement to create separate institutions for people of African descent in societies historically dominated by whites. Black separatists also often seek a separate homeland. Black separatists generally think that black people cannot advance in a society dominated by a white majority.
Black supremacy.
The term black supremacy is a blanket term for various racist ideologies which hold that black people are superior to people of other races.
Christian Identity.
Christian Identity is a label applied to a wide variety of loosely affiliated believers and churches with a white supremacist theology. Most promote a racist interpretation of Christianity. It emerged as an offshoot sect from British Israelism in the 1920s and 1930s. Estimates are that these groups have 2,000 to 50,000 members in the United States, and an unknown number in Canada and the rest of the British Commonwealth.
Holocaust denial.
Holocaust denial is the act of denying that the Holocaust happened.
Most Holocaust deniers argue that the Holocaust is a hoax arising out of a deliberate Jewish conspiracy to advance the interest of Jews at the expense of other peoples.
The key claims of Holocaust denial are that: the German Nazi government had no official policy or intention of exterminating Jews, Nazis did not use extermination camps and gas chambers to mass murder Jews, and that the number of Jews killed by the Nazis was significantly lower than the historically accepted figure of 5 to 6 million.
Holocaust deniers generally do not use the term "denial" to describe their beliefs, and instead usually use the term "historical revisionism". Scholars use the term "denial" to differentiate Holocaust deniers from legitimate historical revisionists, who use established historical methodologies.
Ku Klux Klan.
Ku Klux Klan, often abbreviated "KKK" and informally known as "The Klan", is the name of three distinct past and present far-right organizations in the United States, which have advocated extremist reactionary currents such as white supremacy, white nationalism, and anti-immigration, historically expressed through terrorism. Since the mid-20th century, the KKK has also been anti-communist. The current manifestation is splintered into several chapters and is classified as a hate group.
Neo-Confederate.
"Neo-Confederate" is a term used by academics to describe the views of various groups and individuals who have a positive belief system concerning the historical experience of the Confederate States of America, the southern secession, and the southern United States — including proslavery ideology. Neo-Confederacy usually expresses veneration for Confederate leaders, soldiers, writers, symbols and other aspects of the Confederacy. It advocates alternative interpretations of American history, particularly regarding the American Civil War, the history of the Southern United States and the founding of the United States. It portrays the southern United States as victims of war crimes and constitutional violations by Abraham Lincoln, the Northern United States and the Union armies.
Neo-Nazi.
Neo-Nazism consists of post-World War II social or political movements seeking to revive Nazism or some variant thereof. The term "neo-Nazism" can also refer to the ideology of these movements. Although it does not have a single coherent philosophy, Neo-Nazism borrows elements from Nazi doctrine, including militant nationalism, fascism, anti-semitism, racism, xenophobia and homophobia.
White Power music.
White power music is music that promotes white nationalism and expresses racism against non-whites. White power music adopts the musical conventions, rhythms and forms of non-racist music to advance extreme white racism in various music genres, including pop, rock, country, experimental music and folk. Specific white power music genres include Nazi punk, Rock Against Communism, hatecore and National Socialist black metal.
Racist skinheads.
Racist skinheads are a white supremacist and anti-semitic offshoot of the skinhead subculture. Many of them are affiliated with white nationalist organizations. Starting in the United Kingdom, the subculture eventually spread to North America, Europe and other areas of the world. In 1988, there were approximately 2,000 neo-Nazi skinheads in the US. According to a 2007 report by the Anti-Defamation League, groups such as white power skinheads, neo-Nazis, and the Ku Klux Klan, have been growing more active in the United States in recent years, with a particular focus on opposing non-white immigration, specifically from Mexico.
Radical traditional Catholicism.
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, radical traditionalist Catholics who "may make up the largest single group of serious anti-Semites in America, subscribe to an ideology that is rejected by the Vatican and some 70 million mainstream American Catholics and many of their leaders have been condemned and even excommunicated by the official church. Adherents of radical traditional Catholicism "routinely pillory Jews as 'the perpetual enemy of Christ, reject the ecumenical efforts of the Vatican, and sometimes argue that all recent Popes are illegitimate. Adherents are also "incensed by the liberalizing reforms" of the Second Vatican Council (1962–65), which condemned hatred for Jewish people and "rejected the accusation that Jews are collectively responsible for deicide in the form of the crucifixion of Christ."
White nationalist.
White nationalism is a political ideology that advocates a racial definition of national identity for white people (as opposed to multiculturalism) and a separate all-white nation state. White separatism and white supremacy are subgroups within white nationalism. The former seek a separate white state, while the latter add ideas from social Darwinism and Nazism to their ideology. The vast majority of white nationalists are separatists, and a smaller number of them are supremacists. Both generally avoid the term "supremacy", because it has negative connotations. The contemporary white nationalist movement in the United States could be regarded as a reaction to what is perceived as a decline in white demographics, politics and culture. According to Samuel P. Huntington, the contemporary white nationalist movement is increasingly cultured, intellectual and academically trained. Some have suggested that rather than espousing violence, white nationalists use statistics and social science data to argue for a self-conscious white identity. By challenging established policies on immigration, civil rights and racial integration, they seek to build bridges with more moderate conservative white people.

</doc>
<doc id="31014253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014253" title="Ihmisten edessä">
Ihmisten edessä

Ihmisten edessä () is the debut studio album by Finnish pop singer Jenni Vartiainen. The Finnish-language album was released digitally on September 5, 2007, with the physical release following on September 12. The album was produced by Jukka Immonen. Well received by music critics who complimented the album for nuanced vocals, interpretation and mixing of several musical styles such as electro and funk, the album debuted at number eight on the Finnish Albums Chart, peaking at number six in mid-April 2008 and charting for 35 weeks. To date, the album has sold over 65,000 copies in Finland.
Critical reception.
"Ihmisten edessä" was well received by music critics, as most of the reviewers complimented the audacious use of musical elements and styles and Vartiainen's nuanced vocals and interpretation. The critics also noted Vartiainen's stylistic departure from her previous pop band Gimmel. Writing for "Helsingin Sanomat", Ilkka Mattila gave "Ihmisten edessä" four out of five stars, saying the debut album was a "precedent" in the Finnish pop of the 2000s as it showed how Vartiainen "seriously tries to get rid of a talent show star's role". Mattila considered "Tunnoton" with its "captivating banjo and folk ambience" one of the best Finnish pop songs of the year and "Ihmisten edessä" "British-spirited, melancholic gay disco with all the hooks". "Helsingin Sanomat" praised Vartiainen's intimate interpretation as the core of the music. Noting a little R&B-esque singing popular on talent shows, Mattila went on to say the record is "commercial though amibitious and, therefore, pleasurable pop". Mattila credited producer and composer Jukka Immonen for "fearlessly using unfashionable special effects such as Soul II Soul-like comping and synthetic choirs". Kirsi Taivainen from "Keskisuomalainen" gave the album four out of five stars alike, saying the album is "balanced, hued, poppish music" that is "not too calculated for being genuine". Noting old synthpop sounds and tiny musical elements, she considered the "finely-mixed album strongly contemporary". Giving credits to the bass and drums synchronizing the songs with a back rhythm, Taivainen complimented Vartiainen's "developed vocals with a range of delicate nuances" for "not being mainstream".
The pop rock magazine "Stara" went further by considering the album worth five out of five stars. The magazine denounced the opening act "Tuhannet mun kasvot" as "a cacophonous, lousy fiddle", though it thanked "Ihmisten edessä", the following, "extremely beautiful piano track", for "saving the mood". "Stara" considered "Kerro miltä se tuntuu" as well as "Toinen" evocative of a couple of international lounge hits. The magazine pointed out the "surprising" banjo hook of "Tunnoton" and considered "Malja" an "entertaining, eccentric mix of electronic music and pop from late 1970s and early 1980s". The magazine believed "Mustaa kahvia" could have some potential to become a hit due to its "tough funk beat and electro influences". "Stara" highlighted the "groovy and catchy" "Elämänperhonen" with its "beautifully catchy synth-violin solo" and the "overly elegant" "Mandartania" with its "Massive Attack-style jingle" as the best tracks of the album. In conclusion, "Stara" complimented Jukka Immonen, with his "ear for sounds", for creating "an exceptionally elegant Finnish album" which is "world-class by all its components"—excepting the first track.
Chart performance.
"Ihmisten edessä" entered the Finnish Albums Chart at number eight. The album went down the chart towards the end of 2007, reaching its lowest position, number 37, in the week 47. After that, "Ihmisten edessä" started to climb up the chart, reaching its peak position, number six, in April 2008 (week 15). Altogether, the album charted for 35 weeks and sold over 26,000 copies in 2008, becoming 14th-best-selling album of 2008 in Finland. To date, "Ihmisten edessä" has sold double-platinum with over 65,000 copies.
Singles.
The lead single of "Ihmisten edessä", "Tunnoton", was released on April 11, 2007. It failed to chart on the Finnish Singles Chart, though it charted for three weeks on the Official Finnish Download Chart, peaking at number 22. The second single "Ihmisten edessä", released on September 5, 2007, debuted at number 20 on the Singles Chart and peaked at number two on its fourth week in mid-October. It charted for 32 weeks altogether and gold with over 14,000 copies. The single peaked at number one on the Download Chart and charted there for 44 weeks altogether. The first promotional single "Toinen", released on December 3, 2007, charted for seven weeks on the Singles Chart, peaking at number 13, and for 11 weeks on the Download Chart, reaching number 10. The second promotional single "Mustaa kahvia", released on March 17, 2008, failed to chart on the Singles Chart, though it charted for three weeks on the Download Chart, peaking at number 21.
Personnel.
The credits for "Ihmisten edessä" are adapted from Discogs.

</doc>
<doc id="31014255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014255" title="M. S. Manickam">
M. S. Manickam

Manickam Sabapathy Manickam ( "Ma.Sa. Manickam") (born October 26, 1946) is an Indian politician and farmer, better known as M. S. M. He is the elder son of the family. Manickam completed his graduation and post-graduation in Arts from Alagappa Arts College, Karaikudi in Alagappa University and Pachaiyappa Arts College, Chennai Madras University.
M. S. Manickam was an Indian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate from Vedaranyam constituency in the 1980 election, but defected to the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam in 2010. He died at the age of 64 on 14 December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31014263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014263" title="Princess Royal, Western Australia">
Princess Royal, Western Australia

Princess Royal is an abandoned town in the Goldfields-Esperance region in Western Australia.
A rich Gold reef was discovered in the area in the 1895 by a party of prospectors - Chester, Peddler and Flanagan. Alluvial gold was later found in 1900 and a townsite was established to house the miners. The townsite was later gazetted in 1904. The name of the town is derived from the "Princess Royal" mine that was operating prior to 1900. The mine and town were both named after the eldest daughter of Queen Victoria the Princess Royal, Victoria Adelaide Mary Louisa.
A police station was built before 1905 and the first officer in charge arrived in that year; the station later closed in 1908. The town boasted four hotels in 1906 as well as a host of other businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="31014264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014264" title="ISIRI 13146">
ISIRI 13146

ISIRI 13146 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 2009/66/EC. It defines "Steering equipment of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31014265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014265" title="Cyanea kuhihewa">
Cyanea kuhihewa

Cyanea kuhihewa is a rare and possibly extinct species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Limahuli Valley cyanea. It is endemic to Kauai, where the last individuals in the only known population have died. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a "treelet" growing 30 centimeters to over 2 meters in height. The narrow linear leaves are up to 38 centimeters long by 1.5 wide. The inflorescence is a raceme of purple-pink flowers.
When the plant was discovered it was initially thought to be "Cyanea linearifolia", an extinct species, and the discovery was broadcast and celebrated. Upon closer examination the plant proved to be quite different from "C. linearifolia" and was determined to be a new species. It was given the name "Cyanea kuhihewa" in 1996. The species name "kuhihewa" is a Hawaiian verb that means "to make an error of judgment, to mistake someone for someone else, to not recognize someone when you first see him".
The type specimen of the plant was collected in 1991, and the following year the habitat was seriously damaged by Hurricane Iniki. Since then the single population dwindled and disappeared. As of 2006 the plant is considered "possibly extinct" in the wild. 
The plant did exist in a single cultivated collection in Cincinnati, but any specimens have since died. Because there is appropriate but unsurveyed habitat remaining in the general area of the last known population it is possible the plant still exists, so it was federally listed as an endangered species in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31014284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014284" title="R.I.P Society Records">
R.I.P Society Records

R.I.P Society is a label founded by Sydney based music enthusiast and musician Nic Warnock. The label releases music on CD, vinyl and cassette formats.
The label was founded in 2008 to release the debut 7" by local band Circle Pit and has since documented a number of Australian bands including Royal Headache, Zond, Dead Farmers, Boomgates, Bed Wetting Bad Boys, Straight Arrows etc.
In 2010 3RRR FM presented a one hour special on R.I.P Society, hailing it one of Australia's most important new labels.

</doc>
<doc id="31014293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014293" title="Principle of transformation groups">
Principle of transformation groups

The principle of transformation groups is a rule for assigning "epistemic" probabilities in a statistical inference problem. It was first suggested by Edwin T Jaynes and can be seen as a generalisation of the principle of indifference.
This can be seen as a method to create "objective ignorance probabilities" in the sense that two people who apply the principle and are confronted with the same information will assign the same probabilities.
Motivation and description of the method.
The method is motivated by the following normative principle, or desideratum:
"In two problems where we have the same prior information we should assign the same prior probabilities"
The method then comes about from "transforming" a given problem into an equivalent one. This method has close connections with group theory, and to a large extent is about finding symmetry in a given problem, and then exploiting this symmetry to assign prior probabilities.
In problems with discrete variables (e.g. dice, cards, categorical data) the principle reduces to the principle of indifference, as the "symmetry" in the discrete case is a permutation of the labels, that is the permutation group is the relevant transformation group for this problem.
In problems with continuous variables, this method generally reduces to solving a differential equation. Given that differential equations do not always lead to unique solutions, this method cannot be guaranteed to produce a unique solution. However, in a large class of the most common types of parameters it does lead to unique solutions (see the examples below)
Examples.
Discrete Case - coin flipping.
Consider a problem where all you are told is that there is a coin, and it has a head (H) and a tail (T). Denote this information by "I". You are then asked "what is the probability of Heads?". Call this "problem 1" and denote the probability "P(H|I)". Consider another question "what is the probability of Tails?". Call this "problem 2" and denote this probability by "P(T|I)". 
Now from the information which was actually in the question, there is no distinction between heads and tails. The whole paragraph above could be re-written with "Heads" and "Tails" interchanged, and "H" and "T" interchanged, and the problem statement would not be any different. Using the desideratum then demands that 
formula_1
The probabilities must add to 1, this means that 
formula_2.
Thus we have a unique solution. This argument easily extents to "N" categories, to give the "flat" prior probability "1/N".
This provides a "consistency" based argument to the principle of indifference which goes as follows: "if someone is truly ignorant about a discrete/countable set of outcomes apart from their potential existence, but does not assign them equal prior probabilities, then they are assigning different probabilities when given the same information".
This can be alternatively phrased as: "a person who does not use the principle of indifference to assign prior probabilities to discrete variables, is either not ignorant about them, or reasoning inconsistently".
Continuous Case - location parameter.
This is the easiest example for continuous variables. It is given by stating one is "ignorant" of the location parameter in a given problem. The statement that a parameter is a "location parameter" is that the sampling distribution, or likelihood of an observation "X" depends on a parameter formula_3 only through the difference
formula_4
for some normalised, but otherwise arbitrary distribution "f(.)". Examples of location parameters include mean parameter of normal distribution with known variance and median parameter of Cauchy distribution with known inter-quartile range.
The two "equivalent problems" in this case, given ones knowledge of the sampling distribution formula_4, but no other knowledge about formula_3, is simply given by a "shift" of equal magnitude in "X" and formula_3. This is because of the relation:
formula_8
So simply "shifting" all quantities up by some number "b" and solving in the "shifted space" and then "shifting" back to the original one should give exactly the same answer as if we just worked on the original space. Making the transformation from formula_3 to formula_10 has a jacobian of simply 1, and so the prior probability must satisfy the functional equation:
formula_11
And the only function which satisfies this equation is the "constant prior":
formula_12
Thus the uniform prior is justified for expressing complete ignorance of a location parameter.
Continuous case - scale parameter.
As in the above argument, a statement that formula_13 is a scale parameter means that the sampling distribution has the functional form:
formula_14
Where, as before "f(.)" is a normalised probability density function. the requirement that probabilities be finite and positive forces the condition formula_15. Examples include the standard deviation of a normal distribution with known mean, the gamma distribution. The "symmetry" in this problem is found by noting that
formula_16
But, unlike in the location parameter case, the jacobian of this transformation in the sample space and the parameter space is "a", not 1. so the sampling probability changes to:
formula_17
Which is invariant (i.e. has the same form before and after the transformation), and the prior probability changes to:
formula_18
Which has the unique solution (up to a proportionality constant):
formula_19
Which is the well-known Jeffreys prior for scale parameters, which is "flat" on the log scale, although it should be noted that it is derived using a different argument to that here, based on the Fisher information function. The fact that these two methods give the same results in this case does not imply it in general.
Continuous case - Bertrand's paradox.
Edwin Jaynes used this principle to provide a resolution to Bertrand's Paradox
by stating his ignorance about the exact position of the circle. The details are available in the reference or in the link.
Discussion.
This argument depends crucially on "I"; changing the information may result in a different probability assignment. It is just as crucial as changing axioms in deductive logic - small changes in the information can lead to large changes in the probability assignments allowed by "consistent reasoning".
To illustrate suppose that the coin flipping example also states as part of the information that the coin has a side (S) (i.e. it is a "real coin"). Denote this new information by "N". The same argument using "complete ignorance", or more precisely, the information actually described, gives:
formula_20
But this seems absurd to most people - intuition tells us that we should have P(S) very close to zero. This is because most people's intuition do not see "symmetry" between a coin landing on its side compared to landing on heads. Our intuition says that the particular "labels" actually carry some information about the problem. A simple argument could be used to make this more formal mathematically (e.g. the physics of the problem make it difficult for a flipped coin to land on its side) - perhaps the symmetry would then lie in comparing a "big" coin with a "small" coin. It could reasonably be assumed that:
formula_21
Note that this new information probably wouldn't break the symmetry between "heads" and "tails", so "that" permutation would still apply in describing "equivalent problems", and we would require:
formula_22
This is a good example of how the principle of transformation groups can be used to "flesh out" personal opinions. All of the information used in the derivation is explicitly stated. If a prior probability assignment doesn't "seem right" according to what your intuition tells you, then there must be some "background information" which has not be put into the problem. It is then the task to try and work out what that information is. In some sense, by combining the method of transformation groups with one's intuition can be used to "weed out" the actual assumptions one has. This makes it a very powerful tool for prior elicitation.
Introducing the size of the coin is permissible because the it was not specified in the problem, so this is still only using information in the question. Introducing a "nuisance parameter" and then making the answer invariant to this parameter is a very useful technique for solving supposedly "ill-posed" problems like Bertrand's Paradox. This has been called "the well-posing strategy" by some.
The real power of this principle lies in its application to continuous parameters, where the notion of "complete ignorance" is not so well defined as in the discrete case. However, if applied with infinite limits, it often gives improper prior distributions. Note that the discrete case for a countably infinite set, such as (0,1,2...) also produces an improper discrete prior. For most cases where the likelihood is sufficiently "steep" this does not present a problem. However, in order to be absolutely sure to avoid incoherent results and paradoxes, the prior distribution should be approached via a well defined and well behaved limiting process. One such process is the use of a sequence of priors with increasing range, such as formula_23 where the limit formula_24 is to be taken "at the end of the calculation" i.e. after the normalisation of the posterior distribution. What this effectively is doing, is ensuring that one is taking the limit of the ratio, and not the ratio of two limits. See Limit of a function#Properties for details on limits and why this order of operations is important.
If the limit of the ratio does not exist or diverges, then this gives an improper posterior (i.e. a posterior which does not integrate to one). This indicates that the data are so uninformative about the parameters that the prior probability of arbitrarily large values still matters in the final answer. In some sense, an improper posterior means that the information contained in the data has not "ruled out" arbitrarily large values. Looking at the improper priors this way, it seems to make some sense that "complete ignorance" priors should be improper, because the information used to derive them is so meager that it cannot rule out absurd values on its own. From a state of complete ignorance, only the data or some other form of additional information can rule out such absurdities.

</doc>
<doc id="31014298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014298" title="Armenian constitutional referendum, 2003">
Armenian constitutional referendum, 2003

A constitutional referendum was held in Armenia on 25 May 2003. The constitutional changes would remove some powers from the president, and were narrowly approved by 50.56% of voters, with a 52.1% turnout. However, the results were invalidated, as the number of votes in favour of the changes was lower than one-third of the number of registered voters (778,331).

</doc>
<doc id="31014302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014302" title="Jeff Lee (swimmer)">
Jeff Lee (swimmer)

Jeff Lee (born October 2, 1981) is a former international freestyle swimmer from the United States. He won a gold medal at the 2003 Pan American Games with the US relay teams in the men's 4x200m freestyle. He was born and raised in Munster, Indiana and attended Munster High School.

</doc>
<doc id="31014310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014310" title="Jeff Lee">
Jeff Lee

Jeff Lee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31014320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014320" title="Japanese unified local elections, 2011">
Japanese unified local elections, 2011

The in Japan took place in April 2011. In the first phase on April 10, 2011 12 governors, 41 prefectural assemblies as well as five mayors and 15 assemblies in cities designated by government ordinance were elected. In the second phase on April 24, 2011 mayors and/or assemblies in hundreds of cities, cities (lit. "special wards") of Tokyo, towns and villages were up for election. Additionally, a by-election for the National Diet was held in Aichi on April 24.
Among the elections that attracted national attention in 2011 were the gubernatorial races in Tokyo and Kanagawa and the prefectural assembly elections in Aichi and Osaka where new local parties threatened the position of the established parties.
Background.
The nationally ruling Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) under the leadership of Naoto Kan had a weak position in prefectures and municipalities. In February 2011, the Kan cabinet faced extremely low approval ratings, a "twisted Diet" with opposition control of the upper house and a possible government shutdown in 2011 if it fails to get budget-related bills through the Diet for fiscal 2011. It also faced calls for an early general election from the opposition led by the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan (LDP). In the run-up to the unified local elections the Democrats lost or even failed to contest several high profile elections including the Fukuoka mayoral election on November 14, 2010, the Okinawa gubernatorial election on November 28, 2010 and the so-called "triple vote" in Aichi on February 6, 2011 ("triple tōhyō": gubernatorial election in Aichi, mayoral election in Nagoya, Aichi and recall referendum for the Nagoya city assembly).
After the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami in March, prefectural and municipal elections in the most affected prefectures of Iwate, Miyagi and Fukushima and municipal (mayor and assembly) elections in Mito, Ibaraki were temporarily postponed. The elections for governor and assembly of Iwate were held on September 11, 2011. The assembly elections in Miyagi and Fukushima were held in November 2011.
Elections on April 24.
Municipal elections.
Elections with national media coverage included the mayoral races in the prefectural capitals Tsu, Nagasaki, Ōita and Takamatsu, in several cities of Tokyo, in the bankrupt city of Yubari, Hokkaidō and in Suita, Ōsaka where Tetsuya Inoue recorded another victory for the Osaka Restoration Association.

</doc>
<doc id="31014325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014325" title="Constance Watney">
Constance Watney

Constance Watney (1878 – 23 November 1947), M.B.E., C.O.C., S.R.N., M.B.C.N., was a British born missionary nurse in Uganda.
Early years.
Constance Watney was born in 1878 in Beddington, Surrey. She was the fourth daughter of Norman Watney of Westerham, Kent, son of James Watney the brewer.
Early in life Constance dedicated herself to missionary work, and for this purpose trained as a nurse at St Bartholomew's Hospital. In 1906 she went as a student of midwifery to Clapham Maternity Hospital, a pioneering hospital training women for work both at home and abroad and took her CMB Examination.
Missionary work in Uganda.
In 1908 Constance was accepted by the Church Missionary Society (C.M.S.) and sent out to Kampala, Uganda, where she worked in the Mengo Hospital under Dr., later Sir, Albert Ruskin Cook. Mengo Hospital is on Namirembe hill in Kampala.
In 1917 Mengo hospital, in addition to its missionary work, served as a base hospital for the fighting in East Africa, and for her share of the very heavy work "Sister Connie", as she was called, received the MBE in 1918.
For nursing an official of the Belgian Government, Sister Connie was awarded the very rare honour of Croix de l’Ordre de la Couronne (Order of the Crown (Seventh Class).
In May 1921 Constance Watney joined Dr Algernon "Algie" Stanley Smith (who had been brought up by Constance's maiden aunts, Alice and Emily Watney in South Croydon after the death of his mother when he was a young teenager) and Dr Len Sharp at Kabale, in south west Uganda where they a new beginning was made for missionary work into Ruanda, in Belgian territory. She helped to start a hospital, where she was the first matron, under very difficult conditions and they were able to receive the first patient in June 1922.
Invalided home.
In 1923 Sister Connie contracted a very severe form of Bright's Disease and was invalided home, never to return. She was told her life must henceforth be that of an invalid, but her heart was too much in nursing to give it up, and she went back to Clapham, where she had received her maternity training, and worked in various capacities there under Dr. Annie McCall until the hospital was bombed in 1940.
Constance died on 23 November 1947.
Missionary heritage.
Constance's sister Katherine (Kate) was a missionary in China with CEZMS (Church of England Zenana Missionary Society). Her niece, Faith, was a missionary with CMS in Sudan, and married Leonard Sharland. Two of their sons, Roger and David, have also been missionaries in Sudan, as is their grandson, Emmanuel.

</doc>
<doc id="31014326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014326" title="Ministry of Medium Machine Building">
Ministry of Medium Machine Building

Ministry of Medium Machine-Building Industry of the USSR (Russian: "Министерство среднего машиностроения СССР" - Минсредмаш СССР, МСМ СССР) was one of the central offices in the Soviet Union, established by Decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of 26 June 1953, who supervised the Soviet nuclear industry, including production of nuclear warheads.
The basis of the ministry was established since September 1942 the First Chief Directorate (nuclear industry), the Third Chief Directorate (development in the area controlled missiles, aircraft, rockets and long range missiles) of the Council of Ministers of the USSR and the Central Board of Industrial Building of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the USSR ("Главпромстрой МВД") charged with construction of nuclear installations.
On September 11, 1989 the Ministry of Medium Machine Building was renamed into the Ministry of Atomic Energy and Industry of the USSR ("Министерство атомной энергетики и промышленности СССР").
Headquarters.
Ministry headquarters was located in Moscow in the building at Bolshaya Ordynka St. ("Большая Ордынка") 24-26, currently occupied by the corporation Rosatom. In Soviet times, the phone book did not indicate the address of the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="31014332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014332" title="The Naked Truth (1914 film)">
The Naked Truth (1914 film)

The Naked Truth () is a 1914 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.

</doc>
<doc id="31014347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014347" title="Johannes Vares' cabinet">
Johannes Vares' cabinet

Johannes Vares' cabinet.
The cabinet was in office in Estonia from June 21, 1940 to August 25, 1940, when it was succeeded by the Council of People's Commissars headed by Johannes Lauristin.

</doc>
<doc id="31014354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014354" title="List of largest cuckoo clocks">
List of largest cuckoo clocks

Several unusually large cuckoo clocks have been built and installed in different cities of the world with the aim of attracting visitors, as part of publicity of a cuckoo clock shop, or to serve as a landmark for the community and town.
Some have been awarded with the title of "World's Largest Cuckoo Clock" by the Guinness World Records.
Germany.
Black Forest
Other parts of Germany

</doc>
<doc id="31014376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014376" title="ISIRI 13152">
ISIRI 13152

ISIRI 13152 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 2009/59/EC. It defines "Rear-view mirrors for wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31014421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014421" title="Lamberto Picasso">
Lamberto Picasso

Lamberto Picasso (21 October 1880 – 17 September 1962) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 70 films between 1914 and 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="31014429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014429" title="Molehill Empire">
Molehill Empire

Molehill Empire is a browser game maintained by . In this game, the player takes care of a virtual garden. The first server started in Germany (German name: "Wurzelimperium") on February 10, 2008. each server is independent of the other servers. The English version contains 4 servers. Worldwide there are 3,213,967 accounts (as of October 30, 2010), whereas several players have an account each on several servers.
Game setting.
In the beginning each player gets one garden where he can grow various plants. In the beginning these are carrots and lettuce, with increasing level more kinds of plants - with longer time of growth - become available. For ten minutes of growth time each a point is rewarded. In the beginning only a part of the garden is usable, the rest is infested by weeds, stones and tree stumps, as well as to moles, which have to be removed. The in-game currency is called "Gnome buck". By farming the garden and selling of the harvested crops at the market or to the system (in form of NPC customers called "WImps") the player can earn money, which can be used to maintain the garden (remove weeds and such) or buy new plants, decoration objects, or even new gardens. With level 8 a second garden can be purchased, with level 10 the tree nursery can be visited. With level 12 the player gets a greenhouse where he can grow cacti, which earn more points than "standard" plants. Plants and cacti can be watered which reduces the time of growth by 5%. With research and fertilizers the time of growth can be reduced by additional 70%. A new feature is the watergarden, to be planted with water plants only.
Furthermore, a so-called "display garden" can be set up, which shows a snapshot of a player's garden with can be rated by other players from 1 (bad) to 10 (very good). High-ranked gardens can win a monthly prize.
Plants.
In "Molehill Empire" there are approximately 50 different plants, among them 10 flowers, 15 trees and 25 kinds of fruit and vegetables, which can be purchased at the market place, farm, tree nursery and flower store and sold at the market place. There are four plants which cannot be sold to other players, these are used for quests which can take several years if ever completed.
Decoration Objects.
Decoration objects, which can be purchased at the hardware store and traded at the market place, attract more customers.
Additional Features.
Like in many other browser games, in "Molehill Empire" it is possible to buy additional features with real life money. With the so-called "Premium account" a player can buy a third garden, a second shelf, a watering gnome and a car. The latter enables the player to go to Hedgerow Ville to buy more plants and services every day of the week, whereas the bus will go there only on Wednesday and Saturday. The car can be upgraded. Additionally, with the premium account the player can switch between his shelves when being in the city.
Community.
Like most browser games, Molehill Empire offers the possibility to send messages to other players. Additionally, there is a forum and a chatchannel and a wiki. Players have developed several tools, there are numerous blogs as well as rank- and price lists.
Third-party tools.
Players have developed several tools which facilitate various actions in the games. There are also some bots, which automatize some procedures in the game, but these are banned according to the General Terms and Conditions.
Allowed tools are divided in various categories: First there are tools which calculate the cost-effectiveness of WImps compared to the market prices (e.g. "Wimpomat", "WimProz"). Second there are tools for calculating the efficiency of the own garden (e.g. "Dr. Panic Tool", "Wurzelmarkt"). Third there are tools for planning the display garden (e.g. "Gartendesigner"). Since these tools don't access the game or the game servers, these are not bots according to their developers. Nevertheless, Upjers advises against using these tools and bans advertising them in the Internet forum.
Price lists.
Price lists comprise the prices of the products traded at the market place in "Molehill Empire". The price lists are manually updated from several players on a daily base (and sometimes even more frequently), i.e. the market prices are filled into a table. Tools like "Wimpomat", "Wimproz" or "Wimp-Street" utilize these price lists for their economic calculations. So the player can calculate if it is better to sell to a WImp or to the market, as the prices vary in a very wide range.
Further languages.
"Molehill Empire" initially started in Germany, named "Wurzelimperium". It was translated to Bulgarian, Czech, Dutch, English, French, Greek, Hungarian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Swedish, Spanish and Turkish languages.
The translated versions have significantly less users than the German version. The English "Molehill Empire" has approx. 194,392 users, Dutch approx. 35,956, Polish approx. 909.665, Russian approx. 298,499, Spanish approx. 68,208, French approx. 122,351, Turkish approx. 230,167 and Bulgarian approx. 83,597 (as of January 31, 2010)

</doc>
<doc id="31014450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014450" title="John Shearer">
John Shearer

John Shearer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31014455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014455" title="Otaihanga Railway Station">
Otaihanga Railway Station

Otaihanga Railway Station was a flag station between Paraparaumu and Waikanae on the Wellington-Manawatu Line in New Zealand, when the line was run by the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company. This line is now part of the Kapiti section of the North Island Main Trunk. 
The station was opened on 2 August 1886. The two ends of the line met at Otaihanga on 27 October, and the last spike was driven at a public ceremony by Governor William Jervois on 3 November 1886 before more than a thousand people. The first revenue-earning train, a stock train from Longburn to Johnsonville with 355 sheep and 60 head of cattle had run on 30 October.
The station closed in 1902. 
The station served Otaihanga, a then rural area between Paraparaumu and Waikanae which is now mainly residential. 
The platform was on the east side of the line according to Cassells, who shows a blind siding on the west side of the line with the south end joining the main line. The station had a "waiting shed," and was two miles and nine chains north of Paraparaumu. 
External links.
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="31014458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014458" title="R.511">
R.511

The R.511 was a French air-to-air missile, developed by Matra, based on their work with the Matra M.04 (R.042) and R.05. The first version of the missile, the R.510, was infra-red guided, and while accurate had very limited operating parameters. The missile was superseded by the far more capable R.530 in French service, although continued to be used in training units until 1976.
Description.
The R.510 was optically guided by a PbS infra-red photocell with a 20 degree field of view. Testing of the R.510 began at Hammaguir in October 1952, and a limited production run of 100 missiles were ordered. However the PbS seeker was insensitive and could only effectively track targets at night. However The R.511 entered service in 1957, replacing the R.510. The R.511 used a Thompson-CSF radar homing head which was tuned to home on reflections of the launch aircraft's radar, its antenna scanned conically 8 degrees off the boresight of the missile at a rate of 225 revolutions per second. For longer range firing guidance commands were transmitted directly to the missile via an antenna on the trailing edge of the missiles wing. Limitations of the launch aircraft's radar restricted operation to above 3,000 meters.
The missile could pull 12g's while travelling at Mach 1 at 

</doc>
<doc id="31014461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014461" title="Estádio dos Kuricutelas">
Estádio dos Kuricutelas

Estádio dos Kuricutelas is a multi-use stadium in Huambo, Angola. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Clube Recreativo da Caála of the Girabola. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31014465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014465" title="Salmon Fishing in the Yemen">
Salmon Fishing in the Yemen

Salmon Fishing in the Yemen is a 2011 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Ewan McGregor, Emily Blunt, Kristin Scott Thomas and Amr Waked. Based on the 2007 novel of the same name by Paul Torday, and a screenplay by Simon Beaufoy, the film is about a fisheries expert who is recruited by a consultant to help realize a sheikh's vision of bringing the sport of fly fishing to the Yemen desert, initiating an upstream journey of faith to make the impossible possible. The film was shot on location in London England, Scotland, and Morocco from August to October 2010. The film premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. The film received generally positive reviews upon its release, and earned $34,564,651 in revenue worldwide.
Plot.
Renowned fisheries expert Dr Alfred Jones (Ewan McGregor) receives an email from financial adviser Harriet Chetwode-Talbot (Emily Blunt), seeking advice on a project to bring salmon fishing to the Yemen—a project being bankrolled by a wealthy Yemeni sheikh. Jones dismisses the project as "fundamentally unfeasible" because the Yemen cannot provide the necessary cold temperatures and water needed to sustain salmon. Meanwhile, the British Prime Minister's overzealous press secretary, Patricia Maxwell (Kristin Scott Thomas), frustrated by news accounts of an accidental mosque bombing in Afghanistan, instructs her team to find a positive story to help improve relations between Britain and the Islamic world. Later, she suggests the salmon fishing story to the PM's office.
Jones is soon pressured by his boss to meet with Harriet and support the salmon fishing project. When they meet, he expresses his doubts, but Harriet patiently corrects Jones' misconceptions of the Yemen environment, telling him about a dam that can play an important role in the project's success. Frustrated, Jones storms out of the meeting. Later, after his boss presents him with an ultimatum, he accepts a position on the project, despite his concerns that it may ruin his reputation in the scientific community.
At their next meeting, Jones gives a presentation on what is needed for the project—including transporting by air thousands of salmon from British rivers to the Yemen at a cost of £50 million. Harriet takes his plan seriously and arranges for Jones to meet the "visionary" sheikh (Amr Waked) at his riverside estate in the Scottish Highlands. When Jones arrives, he is provided fishing gear, and soon he feels at home. The sheikh is excited to meet Jones, the inventor of the "Woolly Jones", a famous fishing fly. While the sheikh acknowledges that the project may sound crazy, he still believes that fishing is a noble pursuit that promotes harmony. Later, when Jones claims to be a man of no faith, the sheikh points out that fishing requires immense faith in an outcome that is highly improbable.
After his wife accepts a position in Geneva, Jones realizes his marriage is over, and he devotes himself to the project. Despite his painfully awkward social interactions, he enjoys working with Harriet, who is pleased at the progress they are making. Their enthusiasm is interrupted, however, when Harriet learns that her new boyfriend, Robert, is missing in action in Afghanistan. Devastated, Harriet withdraws to her apartment. Concerned over Harriet's depression, Jones comes to her apartment, and Harriet lashes out at him, thinking he just wants her to come back to work. When she sees that he has brought her a sandwich and wine, however, she breaks down and embraces him.
Meanwhile, the sheikh continues his work, despite the pressure of radicals who accuse him of introducing evil Western ways to their region. Back in Scotland, Patricia joins Harriet and Jones at the sheikh's estate, where she explains that because of the spirited opposition by fly fishermen to removing salmon from British rivers, they will need to proceed with farmed salmon. The sheikh does not believe that salmon bred in captivity will survive and even Jones is doubtful. When the sheikh rejects her offer, Jones resigns his government job to continue with the project.
The next day, Jones convinces the sheikh to give the farmed salmon a try. Although his science background tells him otherwise, Jones has faith that the salmon will instinctively swim upstream—a faith the sheikh finds ironic. Just then, a man hired by Yemeni radicals attempts to assassinate the sheikh, who is saved by Jones' quick thinking and accurate casting technique. Soon after, they return to the Yemen, where helicopters arrive carrying pods filled with salmon. Harriet and Jones continue to grow closer. After a moonlight swim, he asks her if there was a "theoretical possibility" of the two of them ending up together. She accepts with a kiss on his cheek, but will need some time. He says he is ready to give her all the time she needs.
Meanwhile in London, Patricia learns that Harriet's boyfriend survived the Afghanistan operation. Realizing the PR potential of reuniting the couple at the upcoming press conference in Yemen, Patricia sets her plan in motion. At the press conference, while Jones and Harriet awkwardly acknowledge their feelings for each other—he presents her with a fly he made and named the "Chetwode-Talbot Beauty"—Harriet's boyfriend Robert arrives and the couple are reunited, leaving Jones heartbroken. That night, Harriet realizes her feelings for Robert have changed, and when Jones gets a text message from his wife asking him to return, he declines.
During a brief speech the following day, the sheikh explains that he built the dam to irrigate the land and give his people a better life. When they open the pods, at first the salmon float with the current, but then one fish starts to swim upstream, and then others, and soon everyone celebrates the success of the project. Later, while Robert and the foreign minister fly-fish for the photographers, terrorists break into the dam, kill a guard, and open the flood gates. Although the party survive the resulting flash flood, the valley is left in ruins. The sheikh blames himself for the tragedy, saying he expected too much of people to understand what he was trying to do. He vows to rebuild the dam—this time with the support of the local community.
The next day, as Harriet prepares to leave, she approaches Jones to say goodbye. Their parting is awkward, with neither mentioning their romantic feelings for each other. Just then, the sheikh calls out and points to where a salmon is jumping from the water. Filled with hope, Jones tells Harriet he will stay and help them rebuild. Harriet asks if he will need an assistant—"a partner"—and he realizes she is talking about herself. They embrace, and then hold hands while looking out over the river.
Production.
Screenplay.
The screenplay for "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen" was written by Simon Beaufoy, based on the novel by Paul Torday. The epistolary novel won the 2007 Bollinger Everyman Wodehouse Prize, and the 2008 Waverton Good Read Award. Through a series of letters and documents, Torday creates a political satire that focused more on the "art of political spin" than on the force of the human spirit. Beaufoy enjoyed the challenge of transforming a fairly complex novel written in an unusual format—a series of emails, text messages, interviews, and testimony extracts—into a film. Beaufoy acknowledged, "I just love adapting material that allows room for creativity and allows room for me to be very present in the process, I suppose. Sometimes when you’re adapting something classic and famous you have to adopt a different attitude, to something like Salmon Fishing where it had such an unusual narrative and such an unusual structure, that you got quite a to do interesting things with it." Beaufoy integrated the emails, text messages, and chat texts into the film's narrative.
Beaufoy's screenplay is decidedly different from the novel in several respects. The most obvious difference is that his press secretary is a woman, played by Kristen Scott Thomas, whereas in the novel, the character is a man, Peter Maxwell. Where the novel focuses on political satire, the film is more about a man who decides to change direction in his life. In the novel, Jones is noticeably older than the film character, and the romantic subplot with Harriet is kept in the background because of the political satire. By making Jones younger, Beaufoy added a "quirky flair" to the character that gives the audience a "completely different experience in watching a man overcome himself to achieve happiness." Beaufoy noted, "That's the difference when reading the book. You can perceive specific conflicts, but when it's onscreen you have to create something different, something the audience can see and feel and root for."
Casting.
For director Lasse Hallström, Ewan McGregor and Emily Blunt were his "first choices" to play the leading roles. "They brought the lightness and the humour to the material," Hallström later observed. He also felt fortunate to get Kristen Scott-Thomas to play the role of the bossy press secretary, Patricia Maxwell, recalling, "I knew she could be funny, as most actors can, but she brought that seriousness combined with a bit of heart." For Hallström, it was that combination of humour and seriousness that allowed the actress to capture the balance between the film's sentiment and political satire. Egyptian actor Amr Waked was cast in the role of the sheikh. Waked has enjoyed major success and fame in his own country and throughout the Arabic-speaking world. English-speaking audiences may recognize him as the fundamentalist Muslim cleric in the 2005 film "Syriana" and the "HBO" series "House Of Saddam".
Filming locations.
"Salmon Fishing in the Yemen" was shot on location in London, Scotland, and Morocco. Scenes set in Yemen were filmed in Ouarzazate in the Moroccan Atlas Mountains. The restaurant scene in London was filmed at the Oxo Tower. The Sheikh's house in Scotland was filmed at Ardverikie House. Reshooting and water tank work was filmed at Black Hangar Studios in the UK. Principal photography started on 6 August 2011.
Music.
Music for the film was composed and orchestrated by Dario Marianelli. The score features Leo Abrahams (guitar), Dirk Campbell (woodwind), Giles Lewin (oud), and the BBC Concert Orchestra, conducted by Benjamin Wallfisch. The original soundtrack album was released on 20 March 2012 by Lakeshore Records. The Scottish folksong "Mairi's Wedding" by The Clancy Brothers, which is played over one scene, and "Where You Go" by The Young Romans, the song played over the end credits, are not included on the album.
Reception.
Critical response.
The film received generally favourable reviews from critics. In his review in the "Los Angeles Times", Kenneth Turan called the film a "pleasant fantasy" and a "charming film whose few attempts at seriousness are best forgotten or ignored." Turan praised the performances of Emily Blunt and Ewan McGregor, concluding
In her review for "The Washington Post", Ann Hornaday gave the film two and a half out of four stars, calling the film an "absurdist but gently winning romantic comedy" that "works a strange kind of wonder". Hornaday praised the director's "assured hand and feather-light touch", as well as the acting performances by Ewan McGregor and Emily Blunt, who finds "an easygoing rhythm with her leading man". Hornaday continued:
Hornaday found "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen" a "surprisingly lush, endearing little film, in which a swelling sense of romanticism thoroughly banishes even the most far-fetched improbabilities."
In his review for "The Telegraph", Robbie Collins gave the film three out of five stars, calling it "cinema at its most easily digestible" with a cast that is as "unthreateningly attractive as its sense of humour is cosily inclusive." Collins concluded that "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen" is a "disarmingly nice hour and three quarters of gentle romance and even gentler comedy."
The film received some negative reviews. Peter Bradshaw from "The Guardian", who gave the film two out of five stars, wrote that it "feels as if you've seen it many times before". According to Bradshaw, the weakest scenes of the film involve the ferocious government PR chief (Kristin Scott Thomas), with "much lip-pursing and eye-rolling, but nothing funny or believable in the script for her to say."
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 67% positive rating among critics, based on 136 reviews. The film holds a score of 58 on Metacritic, based on 35 reviews.
Box office.
The film opened in 18 theatres in the United States on 9 March 2012, taking in $225,000 for the three-day weekend. The film expanded to 483 theatres by the end of March, when it had grossed over $3 million.
As of June 2012, the film has grossed $9,047,981 in the United States, and $25,516,670 in other territories, for a worldwide total of $34,564,651.
Awards and nominations.
In 2012, the film was nominated for the European Film Awards People's Choice Award.
The film was also nominated for 3 Golden Globe Awards including Best Motion Picture - Comedy or Musical, Best Actor - Comedy or Musical for McGregor, and Best Actress - Comedy or Musical for Blunt.

</doc>
<doc id="31014466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014466" title="Wanda Capodaglio">
Wanda Capodaglio

Wanda Capodaglio (1 January 1889 – 30 August 1980) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 30 films between 1914 and 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="31014469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014469" title="Kavali, Srikakulam">
Kavali, Srikakulam

Kavali () is a village under Santhakavati mandal in Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Kavali Pratibha Bharati, better known as K. Pratibha Bharati - the former Speaker of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly was born here in this village and also takes it as her family name.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31014473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014473" title="Cambodian National Unity Party">
Cambodian National Unity Party

The Cambodian National Unity Party (CNUP) (Cambodian: "គណបក្សសាមគ្គីជាតិកម្ពុជា or Kanakpak Samakki Cheat Kampuchea") was a political party set up by the Khmer Rouge on November 30 1992 during the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia to participate in the elections that year. The party was led by Khieu Samphan and Son Sen. It succeeded the Party of Democratic Kampuchea after 1993. As with the PDK, the National Army of Democratic Kampuchea was said to be its armed wing. Its professed aim at its founding was to "work towards implementing multi-party liberal democracy." Its radio station was known as the Voice of the Great National Union Front of Cambodia until being replaced in July 1994 by PGNUNSC Radio.
Despite its stated wish to contest the 1993 elections, the Khmer Rouge soon ran into various disputes with United Nations authorities in Cambodia, culminating in their desire to boycott the elections. Subsequently, UNTAC decided not to conduct elections in areas under CNUP control. At the time it was estimated that approximately six percent of the population in Cambodia lived in areas under Khmer Rouge control. In July 1994 the PDK was declared illegal by the government, and the self-proclaimed "Provisional Government of National Union and National Salvation of Cambodia" was subsequently set up with involvement by CNUP members.
In August 1996 the party suffered a split when Ieng Sary and his followers in North-Western Cambodia broke away and founded the Democratic National Union Movement, and in May 1997 Khieu Samphan founded the Khmer National Solidarity Party after defecting from the Khmer Rouge.

</doc>
<doc id="31014479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014479" title="Doris Williams Stadium">
Doris Williams Stadium

Doris Williams Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Buchanan, Liberia. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Mighty Barrolle of the Liberian Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 3,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31014481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014481" title="ISIRI 13151">
ISIRI 13151

ISIRI 13151 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 2009/60/EC. It defines "Maximum design speed of and load platforms for wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31014485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014485" title="Anoplotrupes stercorosus">
Anoplotrupes stercorosus

Anoplotrupes stercorosus is a species of earth-boring dung beetles belonging to the family Geotrupidae subfamily Geotrupinae.
This beetle is present in the whole Europe. The colour of "Anoplotrupes stercorosus" is blue-black, while the underside is usually metallic blue. The elytra have longitudinal slightly dotted grooves. 
The adults grow up to long and can be encountered from June through next Spring, mainly in beech forests. This dung beetle feeds on feces, rotting fungi and tree lymph of the host-plants. 
In Spring they laid eggs in chambers at the end of about long corridor built in the soil, where feces of herbivorous and omnivorous animals are placed in to feed the larvae, that overwinter and pupate in Spring, requiring a year for the whole process.

</doc>
<doc id="31014509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014509" title="Stade Régional Saifoullaye Diallo">
Stade Régional Saifoullaye Diallo

Stade Régional Saifoullaye Diallo is a multi-use stadium in Labé, Guinea. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Fello Star of the Guinée Championnat National. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31014522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014522" title="Jerrold Kessel">
Jerrold Kessel

Yoram Jerrold Kessel (March 3, 1944 – February 24, 2011) was a South African-born Israeli journalist, sports journalist, author and foreign correspondent. Kessel, a former news editor for the "Jerusalem Post", reported on the Middle East for CNN from its Jerusalem bureau from 1990 to 2003, when he became recognizable to viewers for his white beard. He had been called "one of Israel’s leading English-language journalists."
Kessel moved from South Africa to Israel at an early age. He initially worked for Israel Radio, the Jerusalem correspondent for the "London Jewish Chronicle", and the "Jerusalem Post" before joining CNN as an on-air correspondent in 1990. He covered major events affecting Israel for CNN, including the Oslo Accords and the assassination of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. Kessel began producing and co-producing independent television programming after leaving CNN in 2003. He also authored a book of soccer and began writing a sports column for the daily newspaper, "Haaretz", the last of which was published a week before his death in 2011. Instrumental in introducing cricket to Israel, Kessel played for the Israel national cricket team in the ICC Trophy from 1979 to 1990.
Jerrold Kessel died from cancer on February 24, 2011, at the age of 66. He was surivived by his wife, Lorraine, their son, Ariel, and four grandchildren. His funeral was held at Givat HaShlosha in central Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="31014544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014544" title="2011–12 Ottawa Senators season">
2011–12 Ottawa Senators season

The 2011–12 Ottawa Senators season was the 20th NHL season, (19th season of play) for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League. It was a rebuilding season for the Senators after turning over a lot of playing personnel and hiring a new head coach. Although the Senators were not expected to make the playoffs, the team qualified eighth. The team lost in the first round to the first-place New York Rangers but took the Rangers to a seventh-game. Three Senators were nominated for NHL awards: Captain Daniel Alfredsson for the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy, Erik Karlsson for the James Norris Trophy, and Head Coach Paul MacLean for the Jack Adams Award. The Senators hosted the NHL All-Star Game and its festivities. Alfredsson was named captain of one of the teams and five Senators played in the All-Star Game.
Team business.
On May 19, 2011, the Ottawa Senators were awarded the Ottawa "United Way Community Builder of the Year Award" for over $60 million in charitable fund-raising in the past ten years, support of youth hockey and the founding of the "Do It For Daron" initiative for mental health in honour of Daron Richardson, the daughter of Ottawa Senators assistant coach Luke Richardson who took her own life in November 2010. On May 20, 2011, the Senators announced the "Rink of Dreams" project to build an outdoor skating rink at Ottawa City Hall. The rink is to cost $1.25 million, $1 million of which would be funded by the Senators Foundation charity.
In December 2011, the Senators officially announced the replacement of the scoreboard at Scotiabank Place. The old scoreboard dated from 1996, and its replacement had been rumoured in the media since the time of the announcement that the All-Star game would be played in the arena. The new scoreboard, to be supplied by Panasonic, uses four high-definition video screens, plus two LED "rings', one above the scoreboards, and one below. While the old scoreboard had video screens, the new screens are much larger in size and have a larger number of pixels per screen. The scoreboard was first used for the December 27, 2011, game against the Montreal Canadiens. For the game, only the four video screens were in place, and the LED rings were to be operational for the All-Star game.
2012 NHL All-Star Game.
The Senators was the host of the 2012 NHL All-Star Game in January 2012. The Ottawa Convention Centre hosted a Fan Fair of fan activities from the Thursday until Saturday. The Rideau Canal had to close due to mild weather, but the Senators' new Rink of Dreams was able to be used in its place. Confederation Park was used for ice sculptures and displays.
In the annual All-Star Game voting, Senators fans voted four members of the team to the All-Star roster: Daniel Alfredsson, Erik Karlsson, Milan Michalek and Jason Spezza. Karlsson led all players in voting with over 939,591 votes cast. Colin Greening was added later by the NHL operations department. Alfredsson was named captain of one team and was able to put the Senators onto his team, except for Greening, who was selected at random for the other All-Star team, coached by former Senator Zdeno Chara. Senators' fans in attendance at the game were thrilled when Alfredsson scored two consecutive goals in the second period, giving him a standing ovation.
Off-season.
After firing Cory Clouston at the end of their 2010–11 season, the Senators began a search for a new head coach. According to media reports, Bryan Murray interviewed several candidates for the job, including Kurt Kleinendorst (coach of the Binghamton Senators), Dave Cameron (coach of the Mississauga St. Michael's Majors), Craig MacTavish (former coach of the Edmonton Oilers), Paul MacLean (assistant coach of the Detroit Red Wings), and Kirk Muller (assistant coach of the Montreal Canadiens). On June 14, 2011, the Senators announced the signing of Paul MacLean to a three-year contract as the new head coach. On June 23, 2011, Dave Cameron and Mark Reeds were hired as the assistant coaches. Reeds was the head coach of the Owen Sound Attack, also of the Ontario Hockey League.
The Senators unveiled a new third jersey on October 1, 2011. The new third jersey replaces the 'SENS' design third jersey. The New Jersey is mostly black, with horizontal red and 'off-white' stripes in a pattern reminiscent of the original Ottawa Senators jersey of 1926–27. The team will wear the jersey eleven times at home, and once on the road. The eleven corresponds to the number of Stanley Cup championships the original Senators won.
Pre-season.
On June 22, 2011, the Senators announced that they would be playing seven games during the preseason. They will be play three games at home, three games on the road, and one neutral site game. The team will play divisional rivals Toronto, Montreal and Boston twice each. Meanwhile, the Senators will also play Winnipeg once in Conception Bay South, Newfoundland, as part of the Kraft Hockeyville Celebrations. The game was moved to Mile One Centre by Conception Bay South to maximize the use of arena upgrade dollars for renovations, instead of preparing their arena for the exhibition game.
The Senators held a rookie camp in early September. The rookies participated in a rookie tournament in Oshawa, Ontario with rookies of the Chicago Blackhawks, Pittsburgh Penguins and Toronto Maple Leafs. The team won all of its games in the tournament. All members of the rookie camp were invited to the main training camp, which started on September 16 at Scotiabank Place and the Bell Sensplex.
Regular season.
The Senators opened the season on October 7, 2011, at Detroit. The Senators finish the season on April 7, 2012. 81 of 82 games are televised, either on CBC, RDS, Sportsnet, TSN or TVA. The sole game not to be televised is a visit to the Florida Panthers on February 15, 2012. The NHL later organized a video feed available to NHL Centre Ice subscribers in Ottawa for the Panthers game.
The Senators had their home opener on October 11, 2011, against the Minnesota Wild. Since it is the franchise's 20th anniversary season, the Senators had special celebrations. With 14 members of the 1992–93 team in attendance, Laurie Boschman, the 1992–93 team's captain, dropped the puck on the ceremonial face-off. The team went on to win the game 4–3 via shoot-out. It was head coach Paul MacLean's first win as a head coach in the NHL.
Nikita Filatov, a 21-year-old Russian player (and former first-round pick) acquired in a trade at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, had an up and down season between Ottawa and Binghamton before being loaned to HC CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) in December. Filatov will play in Moscow for the rest of the season. Filatov will be a restricted free agent at the end of the season, and Ottawa manager Murray indicated that the club had not given up on Filatov, and would put in at least a qualifying offer at season's end.
The Senators made a trade in December 2011 for Phoenix Coyotes' Kyle Turris in exchange for David Rundblad and a draft pick. After Turris arrived in Ottawa, the team won ten of 13 games, and had a nine-game unbeaten streak over the end of December into January. The run pushed the Senators up into a playoff position. On December 17, the Senators were in tenth position. On January 20, the Senators were as high as fourth in the Eastern Conference.
In February, goaltender Craig Anderson cut the pinky finger on his right hand while preparing food at home. The injury put him out of action as the cut made him unable to hold the goal stick while the injury healed. The Senators made a trade to improve the organizational depth at goaltender, trading for Ben Bishop of the St. Louis Blues. Bishop was playing for the Blues' AHL affiliate and was due to become an unrestricted free agent. Bishop had won the MVP award at the AHL 2012 All-Star Game and was considered one of the best prospects outside the NHL. Before the trade, the Senators had recalled Robin Lehner from Binghamton and Bishop reported to Binghamton. Although Lehner played well and earned his first NHL shutout, Lehner was sent to Binghamton in early March and Bishop recalled to Ottawa. While Ottawa continued to make points, division leader Boston struggled, and the Senators found winning the division to be possible. On March 16, the Senators moved past the Bruins into first place in the Northeast Division and second overall in the Eastern Conference. The lead lasted one day, but the Senators qualified for the playoffs, an unexpected development that made head coach MacLean a candidate for coach of the year.
Playoffs.
The Senators succeeded in making the playoffs after missing them in the 2010–11 season, with a 5–1 win over the New York Islanders on April 1, 2012. "The Hockey News" had predicted that the Senators would finish last in the Eastern Conference and miss the playoffs.
Senators vs. Rangers.
The Senators qualified in eighth place, drawing the first-place New York Rangers in the first round. Although the Senators won three out of four games during the regular season between the two teams, the "NHL Network" predicted the Rangers will win in five or six games. "ESPN" predicted the Rangers would win in seven games.
In the first game, the Rangers scored once in the first, and twice in the second to take a 3–0 lead into the third period. In the third, the Rangers scored to make it 4–0 before Daniel Alfredsson and Erik Condra scored in the last ten minutes. It was close until the middle of the game. The Rangers were leading 1–0 late in the second period and the Senators were pressing for an equalizer. The Rangers took a time-out and from there, scored three times in six minutes ( from the second into the third period) to build the lead the Senators could not overcome.
In the second game, the Senators added two players known for fighting to the roster: Matt Carkner and Zenon Konopka, changes described by coach MacLean as done in response to the Rangers' Brian Boyle's rough treatment of Erik Karlsson. After only two minutes of play, Carkner was ejected from the game for fighting Boyle, who did not want to fight Carkner, and punching him after Boyle went down to the ice. The Rangers' Brandon Dubinsky jumped into the fight and was ejected for being the third man into a fight. In the second period, the Rangers' Carl Hagelin elbowed Alfredsson and was ejected. In the game itself, the Rangers took a one-goal lead after one period. The Senators equalized during the match penalty to Hagelin to leave the game tied after two. In the third, Boyle scored to put the Rangers ahead, but Nick Foligno tied the score with four minutes to play. In the overtime, the Senators applied pressure from the start, and Chris Neil scored to win the game for the Senators after only one minute of overtime. For their actions during the game, the NHL later gave Hagelin a three-game suspension, and Carkner a one-game suspension.
Alfredsson did not return for the third game, still suffering from a concussion from the Hagelin hit. The first star of the game was the Rangers' goalie Henrik Lundqvist, who stopped all 39 Senators shots on net for a shutout. The game was scoreless until the third period when the Rangers' Boyle scored on a backhand after the puck bounced off the back boards directly to him nearly in front of the Senators' goalie Craig Anderson, who stopped 21 of 22. It was the only goal of the match. Lundqvist preserved the win with a save in the final minute on Kyle Turris who was alone in front of the Rangers' goal with the Senators pressing and their goalie pulled for an extra attacker.
In game four, it was the Ottawa goalie Anderson's turn to save a game. After giving up two power play goals by the Rangers in the first few minutes, he stopped the Rangers the rest of the way. In the second period, the Senators tied the game on goals by Milan Michalek and Sergei Gonchar. No goals were scored leading to the second overtime of the series. In the overtime, the Senators' Kyle Turris scored his first-ever overtime goal to tie the series after four games, ensuring a game six in Ottawa. Ottawa captain Alfredsson missed another game. It was the first victory at home by the Senators since the 2007 Stanley Cup Final.
Game five in New York saw Anderson continue to hold off the Rangers, stopping all of their shots for a 2–0 shutout victory. Junior call up Mark Stone made an impression, setting up the winning goal of the game by Spezza in the first period. Spezza added an empty net goal to seal the victory. It was Stone's NHL debut.
Game six was played in Ottawa with the Senators having a chance to eliminate the Rangers. The Senators scored the first goal of the game in the first period on a power play. With Anderson continuing to hold off the Rangers, it appeared the Senators might have scored enough. It all changed in the second period with three goals by the Rangers, including a pair on the power play, to put the Rangers ahead 3–1. Anderson's shutout streak of the Rangers ended at 145 minutes, 27 seconds. In the third, Senators' coach Paul MacLean benched stars Spezza and Alfredsson in a ploy to turn their games around, but it was ineffective. Alfredsson himself showed a rare temper outburst on the bench, due to his frustration. The Senators scored a goal on a disputed play in the last minute, but it was too little, too late. The game was the NHL debut for Senators prospect Jakob Silfverberg, who had just finished playing in the Swedish Elitserien playoffs.
The series shifted to New York for the deciding seventh game. Like game six, the deciding goals were scored in the second period. The Rangers scored a pair of goals to go ahead 2–0, while Alfredsson replied on the power play for the Senators. The third period was scoreless. Alfredsson was considered to be the best player for the Senators in the game, and there was considerable speculation after the game that it might be the last game of his NHL career.
Schedule and results.
Playoffs.
Eastern Conference Quarter-finals - #8 Senators vs. #1 Rangers – Rangers win series 4–3 
Notes:
Player statistics.
Source: Ottawa Senators.
Source: NHL.
Scoring.
As of April 8, 2012.
Goaltending.
Source: NHL.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Senators. Stats reflect time with Senators only.
‡Traded mid-season.
Awards/Milestones.
Records.
The Senators set a new franchise record for the fastest two goals scored on October 8, 2011 in a 6–5 loss to the Toronto Maple Leafs at the Air Canada Centre. The first goal was scored by Jason Spezza at 15:36 of the third period, while the second goal was scored eight seconds later by Daniel Alfredsson. The previous record was nine seconds, set the previous season.
On February 22, 2012, Erik Karlsson set a new franchise record for assists by a defenceman in a single season by tallying two assists, bringing his total to 47, in a 5–2 victory over the Washington Capitals. The previous record was held by Norm MacIver, who tallied 46 assists during the modern franchise's inaugural season in 1992–1993.
On February 26, 2012, Erik Karlsson set a new franchise record for points by a defenceman in a single season by tallying two assists, bringing his points total to 65, in a 5–2 victory over the New York Islanders. The previous record was held by Norm MacIver, who tallied 63 points during the modern franchise's inaugural season in 1992–1993.
Final roster.
Updated April 23, 2012.<br>
Draft picks.
The 2011 NHL Entry Draft was held in St. Paul, Minnesota. The Senators picked sixth overall with their own draft pick, and 21st overall with the first-round pick of the Nashville Predators, acquired in exchange for a 2011 trade of Mike Fisher. After picking 21st, the Senators traded their 35th and 48th overall picks (the later pick acquired from the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for Chris Campoli) to the Detroit Red Wings in exchange for the 24th overall pick. This marked the first time in franchise history that the Senators picked three times in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="31014555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014555" title="Pointe de la Galoppaz">
Pointe de la Galoppaz

The Pointe de la Galoppaz, elevation , is a mountain in the Bauges Massif in Savoie, France.

</doc>
<doc id="31014562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014562" title="Estádio Da Liga Muçulmana">
Estádio Da Liga Muçulmana

Estádio Da Liga Muçulmana is a multi-use stadium in Matola, Mozambique. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Liga Muçulmana de Maputo of the Moçambola. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31014585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014585" title="Electricity sector in Japan">
Electricity sector in Japan

The electric power industry in Japan covers the generation, transmission, distribution, and sale of electric energy in Japan.
Consumption.
In 2008, Japan consumed an average of 8507 kWh/person of electricity. That was 115% of the EU15 average of 7409 kWh/person and 95% of the OECD average of 8991 kWh/person.
Compared with other nations, electricity in Japan is relatively expensive.
Transmission.
Electricity transmission in Japan is unusual because the country is divided for historical reasons into two regions each running at a different mains frequency.
Eastern Japan (including Tokyo, Kawasaki, Sapporo, Yokohama, and Sendai) runs at 50 Hz; Western Japan (including Okinawa, Osaka, Kyoto, Kobe, Nagoya, Hiroshima) runs at 60 Hz. This originates from the first purchases of generators from AEG for Tokyo in 1895 and from General Electric for Osaka in 1896.
This frequency difference partitions Japan's national grid, so that power can only be moved between the two parts of the grid using frequency converters, or HVDC transmission lines. The boundary between the two regions contains four back-to-back HVDC substations which convert the frequency; these are Shin Shinano (), Sakuma Dam (), Minami-Fukumitsu (), and the Higashi-Shimizu Frequency Converter ().
The limitations of these links has been a major problem in providing power to the areas of Japan affected by the Fukushima nuclear accidents.
Mode of production.
According to the International Energy Agency the Japan gross production of electricity was 1,041 TWh in 2009, making it the world's third largest producer of electricity with 5.2% of the world's electricity.
Nuclear power.
Nuclear energy was a national strategic priority in Japan, but there has been concern about the ability of Japan's nuclear plants to withstand seismic activity.
Following an earthquake, tsunami and the failure of cooling systems at the Fukushima I nuclear power plant on March 11, 2011, a nuclear emergency was declared. This was the first time a nuclear emergency had been declared in Japan, and 140,000 residents within 20 km of the plant were evacuated. The total amount of radioactive material released during the incident is unclear, as the crisis is ongoing.
On 6 May 2011, Prime Minister Naoto Kan ordered the Hamaoka nuclear power plant be shut down as an earthquake of magnitude 8.0 or higher was likely to hit the area within the next 30 years.
Kan wanted to avoid a possible repeat of the Fukushima disaster, and, on 9 May 2011, Chubu Electric decided to comply with the government's request. Kan later called for a new energy policy with less reliance on nuclear power.
By October 2011, only 11 nuclear power plants were operating in Japan. There were electricity shortages following the power off of most nuclear plants, but Japan passed the summer of 2011 without the extensive blackouts that had been predicted previously.
All 50 nuclear plants were put on hold by early 2012, and the Japanese government warned that voluntary power-saving may not be enough to prevent a massive electricity shortage the next summer. An energy white paper, approved by the Japanese Cabinet in October 2011, says "public confidence in safety of nuclear power was greatly damaged" by the Fukushima disaster, and it calls for a reduction in the nation’s reliance on nuclear power.
Of Japan's 50 nuclear reactors all will go offline on 15 September 2013, leaving Japan without atomic energy for only the second time in almost 50 years.
Hydro power.
Hydroelectricity is Japan's main renewable energy source, with an installed capacity of about 27 GW, or 16% of the total generation capacity, of which about half is pumped-storage. The production was 73 TWh in 2010.
As of September 2011, Japan had 1,198 small hydropower plants with a total capacity of 3,225 MW. The smaller plants accounted for 6.6 percent of Japan's total hydropower capacity. The remaining capacity was filled by large and medium hydropower stations, typically sited at large dams.
Other renewables.
The Japanese government announced in May 2011 a goal of producing 20% of the nation's electricity from renewable sources, including solar, wind, and biomass, by the early 2020s.
Citing the Fukushima nuclear disaster, environmental activists at a United Nations conference urged bolder steps to tap renewable energy so the world doesn't have to choose between the dangers of nuclear power and the ravages of climate change.
Benjamin K. Sovacool has said that, with the benefit of hindsight, the Fukushima disaster was entirely avoidable in that Japan could have chosen to exploit the country's extensive renewable energy base. Japan has a total of "324 GW of achievable potential in the form of onshore and offshore wind turbines (222 GW), geothermal power plants (70  GW), additional hydroelectric capacity (26.5 GW), solar energy (4.8 GW) and agricultural residue (1.1 GW)."
One result of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster could be renewed public support for the commercialization of renewable energy technologies. In August 2011, the Japanese Government passed a bill to subsidize electricity from renewable energy sources. The legislation will become effective on 1 July 2012, and require utilities to buy electricity generated by renewable sources including solar power, wind power and geothermal energy at above-market rates.
, Japan plans to build a pilot floating wind farm, with six 2-megawatt turbines, off the Fukushima coast. After the evaluation phase is complete in 2016, "Japan plans to build as many as 80 floating wind turbines off Fukushima by 2020."

</doc>
<doc id="31014601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014601" title="Mavuso Sports Centre">
Mavuso Sports Centre

Mavuso Sports Centre is a multi-use stadium in Manzini, Swaziland. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31014630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014630" title="Belogradchik Municipality">
Belogradchik Municipality

Belogradchik Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the western parts of the so called Fore-Balkan area. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Belogradchik. To the west and southwest, the municipality borders on Republic of Serbia.
The area embraces a territory of 411 km² with a population of 7,045 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
The municipality is best known with the Belogradchik Rocks, impressive rock formations located just south of the main town as well as the medieval Belogradchik Fortress situated in the same rocky area. Another place of interest is the Magura Cave, with its beautiful prehistoric cave paintings.
Settlements.
Belogradchik Municipality includes the following 18 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="31014632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014632" title="Cala Bona">
Cala Bona

Cala Bona is a fishing and holiday town on the east Coast of Majorca in the Balearic islands of Spain.
Still used as a fishing port by the local fishermen it also now holds pleasure craft and tourists throughout the year.
Near to Cala Bona Further south you'll come to Sa Coma then Porto Cristo, and home to the Caves of Drach which are one of the island's most visited attractions.
Inland takes you to Manacor the Pearl Centre of Majorca. From Cala Bona all of the east side of Majorca is a short drive away .

</doc>
<doc id="31014639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014639" title="Charles Morland Agnew">
Charles Morland Agnew

Charles Morland Agnew OBE (14 December 1855 – 23 May 1931), was a British art dealer and philanthropist.
Early life.
He was the second son of William Agnew and his wife Mary "née" Kenworthy. He was eductaed at Rugby School before he matriculated to Trinity College, Cambridge in 1874. He began playing rugby union at Rugby School and was deemed good enough to play for Cambridge University, winning two sporting 'Blues' by playing in the Varsity Match in both 1875 and 1876. His brothers George and Walter also represented Cambridge University at rugby. Agnew gained his BA in 1879 and was awarded his Master of the Arts in 1883. In 1881 he married Evelyn Mary Naylor, daughter of William Naylor. They had six children, their youngest became Vice-Admiral Sir William Gladstone Agnew.
Later life and philanthropy.
During the First World War, Agnew worked for the Red Cross Society in the Wounded and Missing Department, and in 1918 he was invested as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire. In 1921, Agnew funded the building of the Evelyn Nursing Home on land owned by Trinity College Cambridge. The hospital cost £27,000 to build and was donated as a thank-offering after a successful operation on his wife. The hospital is now under the ownership of Nuffield Health. In 1930 Agnew was awarded the role of High Sheriff of Hertfordshire.
He died on 23 May 1931 at Croxley Green. Evelyn died a year later and their ashes were scattered on the grounds of the Evelyn Nursing Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="31014655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014655" title="Guillermo Pérez Moreno">
Guillermo Pérez Moreno

Guillermo Pérez Moreno (born 11 January 1987 in Murcia), commonly known as Guille, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Panthrakikos F.C. in Greece as a left midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31014663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014663" title="Senza colpa!">
Senza colpa!

Senza colpa! is a 1915 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.

</doc>
<doc id="31014664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014664" title="Lily Alone">
Lily Alone

Lily Alone is a novel by Jacqueline Wilson, illustrated by Nick Sharratt. It was first published in February 2011.
Plot summary.
Lily is the eldest child in the Greene family. She has two younger half-sisters, (Bliss and Pixie), and one younger half-brother (Baxter). She often has to take care of them when their mother, Kate Greene, goes out to the pub, newsagent or off-licence. Although Lily does not usually mind being shouldered with the responsibility, she sometimes resents it. When Lily's mother meets Gordon, her new boyfriend, at a local club, Kate is convinced that her life has improved and she feels as if Gordon and her '" on a rollercoaster up to heaven".' Lily becomes cross with her mother for not coming home in a timely manner. That night, she takes care of her brother and sisters by drawing and watching Tracy Beaker. The next day, Kate takes her children on a frivolous shopping expedition and uses a credit card, which causes Lily to become very suspicious. She worries about where and how her mum obtained the card.
Kate flies to Spain to be with Gordon. Lily is fearful and angry when her mother suggests that Mikey, Kate's ex-husband, look after the rest of the family while Kate travels to Spain. Kate tells Lily that she has yet to reveal to Gordon that she has children. She further annoys Lily when Kate reveals that she feels as if she deserves a holiday from living in a 'dump.' Kate leaves a voicemail message for Mikey to tell him that he must take care of the children while Kate is on holiday. Lily is afraid of Mikey. By the time Mikey returns Kate's call, Kate has already left for Spain. Mikey tells Lily that he is on his way to Glasgow and tells Lily to tell her mother not to go anywhere. Lily pretends that she has delivered the message.
They survive by eating what is left in the fridge. Lily is able to prepare simple meals for her siblings because she has grown accustomed to caring for them. Lily is frightened and cross because she is the one who is in charge. She is fearful that people will find out about her situation and that she will be separated from her siblings. She manages by taking her brother and sisters to the park as well as by using her imagination to entertain them. She also tries to deal with adults who ask about the whereabouts of her mother, such as the couple the children encounter in the park.
Mr Abbot, Lily's teacher, comes to the flat because he is concerned that the children have not attended school and that Lily failed to go on the trip to the art gallery. Lily tells her teacher that they have all been ill and that her mother is at the shops to purchase medicine. Lily is scared that Mr Abbot will return with social workers so she packs food, clothing and bedding. When they run away,to camp in the park, but with no tent or money, all of the children are very scared and struggle to feed themselves. They fend for themselves by stealing leftover food from a nearby cafe, until the owners tell them off. Lily also robs a posh house and takes several items of delicious food.Now there's another person on her back her flat neighbour who is called "Old Kath"..
Things go even more wrong when Bliss falls out of a tree and breaks her leg while Lily sleeps. Lily realises that she needs adult intervention. She calls an ambulance and they take Bliss to the hospital. When the nurses get Bliss lying down, their Mum returns. The police charge Kate with child neglect. She is told that she needs to perform community service as her punishment. Lily goes to a children's home, split apart from her siblings Baxter and Pixie who were fostered, while Bliss stays in the hospital. The story ends by Lily drawing a picture of the Green family and writing at the bottom: "We're all going to be together very, very soon."
Characters.
The Greene Family.
Lily: Lily narrates the novel in first person. She is the eldest of the Greene children and takes care of her siblings most of the time. Although she likes taking care of her siblings, she uses her vivid imagination to play a 'Lily Alone' game where she fantasises that she lives in a big white house with beautiful rooms. She views it as being as 'pristine as a palace' – a palace which she will design all by herself. She uses an expensive drawing pad, purchased by her mother, upon which to draw. Lily is patient, gentle and responsible, but her mother uses her as a nanny and leaves her alone with Baxter, Bliss and Pixie most nights to club and drink. Lily loves her mother so much she does not realise that her mother is a failure as a parent for leaving her kids alone and will often breakdown crying due to the pressure of responsibility. At the end of the book she is put into a care home apart from her siblings and mother, but believes that they will all be together soon.
Bliss: Lily's six-year-old half-sister who barely utters a word. She treasures 'Headless,' a toy white polar bear that lost its head in an unfortunate accident. She loves the fairytale Cinderella and begs Lily to read it to her. Bliss is the perfect model of a sweet, shy little girl who has very intense loves for the things around her, but finds difficulty in expressing herself properly or making herself heard over the constant noise of Lily trying to keep the kids in order, Baxter swearing and shouting and Pixie screaming for ice cream and chippies. She loves to talk with Lily when she is alone. Like Lily, she is a loner, preferring to be on her own. Other children her age are loud and boisterous, making Bliss stick out in class. She does not like school because of this, has doubts about her mum's ability to look after her kids properly but keeps all her thoughts to herself. She has an irritating phobia of beetles and germs, finds it difficult to cope with normal social life and to stop her dominating twin brother from walking all over her, and adores her big sister Lily. Bliss ends up being taken to the hospital when she has a terrible accident in the park and breaks her leg. 
Baxter: Lily's six-year-old half-brother and Bliss's twin. Baxter acts like his dad, Mikey, swaggering and swearing. He is the only boy of the Green family, and his favourite role model, the man he worships and adores, is his dad. He likes to cut his hair really short to look as much like Mikey as he can, prefers to act tough and emphasises his toughness to the limit, to the point where he has difficulty admitting when he is really afraid or upset. He quenches his feelings by teasing his sister, but shows he loves her when she breaks her leg. He is fostered by a kind old lady along with Pixie at the end of the book. His favourite toy is a fork lift truck, which his Mum purchases with a credit card. 
Pixie: The baby of the Green family. A sweet, cheeky, talkative little angel with a lot of annoying character. Lily loves her dearly but feels constantly pressurised by her and Baxter's endless demands for things that they want and can't have. Kate, who is undoubtedly a pretty useless mother, spoils her a bit to keep her quiet and sweet. She is three, and she loves ice-cream. Lily complains she talks too much.
Mum/Kate Greene: She is the mother of the Green family. She has had little luck in love and has had all of her children with different fathers-all of which are ex's. She had Lily when she was 15 and was very close to her. She then had Baxter, Bliss and Pixie with her ex-husbands Mikey and Paul. When she was married to Paul she fell into a lot of debt, and eventually stole a credit card to buy stuff. She ended up in a magistrates' court and was let off with a fine after 'acting dumb'. Even though she didn't like Paul much, she fell into depression after he died, and soon after lost her job at the canteen and stayed home smoking. Lily feels that her mum often drinks too much and feels that she has been shouldered with too much responsibility in terms of taking care of her siblings. Lily's mum has long, lovely hair and when she feels up to it, she loves to dress up in tight clothing and wear high heels. She went off to Spain with Gordon, her new boyfriend, leaving all of her children alone to fend for themselves. She does not treat her eldest daughter properly and gives her too much responsibility.
Others.
Mr. Abbot: Lily's favourite teacher who wanted Lily to come to the Art Gallery but Lily didn't go because she could not leave her siblings alone. She adores him because he takes an active interest in her and never makes her feel silly like her other teachers do. He calls social services after becoming worried about Lily but soon asks her to forgive him since he greatly regrets it. 
Arnie and Elizabeth: A middle aged couple who were teachers, Arnie as a History teacher and Elizabeth as a PE teacher. When Lily and her siblings were in the park Arnie offered them Polos and walked with them to the park gates before Lily bumped into a stranger.
Jenny and Jan: Friends with Lily's mum They used to work with Lily's mum in a canteen. She met up with them when she went clubbing when she left Lily alone to look after her brothers and sisters. It is Jenny who 'sold' her a credit card in the book. Jenny and Jan are briefly mentioned in the book.
Gordon's Uncle: Investing on clubs in Spain
Gordon: Mum's new boyfriend who is nineteen years old. They travel together to Spain. Mum claims that there is a seven-year age difference between the two of them. Gordon works at his Uncle's nightclub in Spain. According to Mum, Gordon looks like a rich, young guy. He finds out that she has kids when Kate when to Spain with him, dumps her and pays for her flight back.
Old Kath: A nosy old woman who lives next to the Green family. According to Lily, Kath uses too much black hair dye (not that she has much hair left to colour). She also wears too much bright red lipstick. Lily does not like her very much because Kath says mean things about Lily's mum behind her back.
Mikey: Bliss and Baxter's dad. Lily describes him as being a big, fat and ugly guy. Lily also detests Mikey because he has a scary dog named Rex who bit Bliss on her hand. She feels that Mikey does not like her very much either because Mikey always accuses Lily of staring at him. Mikey also went to Scotland and left the kids alone.
Paul: Pixie's dad, who was a drug addict and eventually died. He is briefly mentioned in the novel. It seems as if none of the Green family liked him very much because of his yelling and other abusive behaviour, but Kate falls into depression after he dies. Lily describes him as being 'thin and pinched and weedy.'

</doc>
<doc id="31014668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014668" title="Pennsylvania Transit Expansion Coalition">
Pennsylvania Transit Expansion Coalition

The Pennsylvania Transit Expansion Coalition (PA-TEC) is a network of transit advocates who promote responsible investment in transit expansion. The organization's goal is to work with local transit organizations (SEPTA, Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission ) to redirect limited transportation funding to investment in expanding rail-based transit in the Philadelphia area and other urban cores in Pennsylvania.
History and Activities.
Founded in August 2009, PA-TEC was originally created to lobby for restored passenger train service on the SEPTA-owned Fox Chase-Newtown line, which last operated in January 1983. Since then, the organization has expanded its goals, which, according its website, "support capital investments in projects that do not contribute to suburban sprawl or perpetuate automobile dependency."
In 2011, PA-TEC moved away from being a single-issue organization and begun focusing on the poor application of capital funding at SEPTA on projects such as fences and bus loops, which consume millions in funding. PA-TEC states that capital funding needs to be reprioritized to projects that show quantifiable results such as increase in transit use or reduction in vehicle miles travelled.
At present, PA-TEC consists of a close network of advocates with no hierarchy. The organization publishes a monthly online newsletter detailing recent events and communications made with local politicians and townships in the region.
Notable Efforts.
Newtown Branch efforts.
The Newtown Branch Restoration project was chosen by PA-TEC based on current transit conditions in the northern Philadelphia suburbs, estimated project cost, ridership, and benefit to the served region. A significant amount of local interest from residents along the corridor also contributed to PA-TEC's efforts. Under current DVRPC and SEPTA policy, the needs of the Newtown Line have been deemed unimportant and not a priority.
DVRPC Right-to-Know Law ruling.
On July 19, 2011, the Pennsylvania Office of Open Records (OOR) determined that Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission (DVRPC) was covered under the Pennsylvania Right-to-Know Law (RTKL) of 2008 and was therefore required to provide access to public records in its possession. DVRPC, in response to several requests for information from the PA-TEC, had previously argued that it was exempt, as it was a multi-state agency that did not perform essential function. The OOR overruled DVRPC's assessment, stating that the RTKL eliminated the requirement than an entity perform an essential governmental function in order to be considered an agency. The OOR had further determined that members of PA-TEC, despite repeated attempts to obtain information from DVRPC, had not engaged in disruptive behavior, which the DVRPC stated had “a chilling effect” on citizen participation because they involve e-mails exchanged with leaders of the RCC, who aren't employees of the commission."
The OOR ordered the DVRPC to comply with PA-TEC's request and release all documents the group has requested; DVPRC has 30 days from the date of the rulings to produce the documents or file an appeal.
The ruling has serious consequences concerning the workings of the DVRPC. Documents produced by the DVRPC are now presumed public, resulting in the commission only able to refuse the release documents under certain narrow exceptions spelled out in the RTKL. PlanPhilly.com has called the decision "a landmark ruling."
U.S. Route 422 Toll Proposal.
In October 2011, PA-TEC developed a position outlining problems with DVRPC’s proposal to toll U.S. Route 422 to expand the highway and restore passenger rail service to Wyomissing, Pennsylvania (via a redesigned Schuylkill Valley Metro). On September 13, 2011, through an invitation by Pennsylvania House of Representatives member Mike Vereb, PA-TEC appeared at an open forum on the project where DVRPC Executive Director Barry Seymour was presenting. PA-TEC interacted with residents and presented an alternative plan to restore rail service between Reading and Philadelphia by Amtrak, operating either to Harrisburg via Hershey, or to Philadelphia via the International Airport, or to New York City. On October 5, 2011, under increasing pressure and opposition, DVRPC cancelled the tolling proposal and stated that the highway would be expanded under regular PennDOT programming instead.
Rejection of Security Measures for Preserving SEPTA-owned dormant railroad lines.
In March 2011, PA-TEC requested that SEPTA consider demarking their four dormant railroad lines acting as rail trails with signage. PA-TEC was willing to work with the transit agency on this project, in hopes of maintain a high profile for the dormant rail corridors. Their request was based on a federal study completed by the National Transportation Research Board in 2007, which stated that such signage gives "notice to adjacent landowners and the public generally that an interim period of low-impact or recreational use does not proscribe future development of active passenger or freight rail activity. Provisions may include large, conspicuous signage along the trail alignments and/or disclosure requirements for adjoining property sale transactions that make clear the potential future use of the corridors in question."
SEPTA rejected PA-TEC's request, believing the benefits of such "signage was deemed non-existent, since SEPTA's rights to the out-of-service rights-of-way (ROW) are clearly protected as matters of real estate/railroad law, as well as the individual lease with the County. The same would apply to any other recreational trails presently being used by municipalities over SEPTA out-of-service railroad ROW's." SEPTA concluded that the expense of installing signs, "no matter how small, for the sole purpose of demarcating SEPTA's otherwise well established legal ownership rights in the ROW, cannot be financially justified." This position was echoed by Rina Cutler, Philadelphia Deputy Mayor of Transportation.
PA-TEC responded in the press by calling SEPTA's response "an act resembling Pontius Pilate", stating that SEPTA was "going against their enabling legislation per Pennsylvania State Law." PA-TEC added that SEPTA "has washed their hands of the (Fox Chase/Newtown) line by refusing to associate their name with it in public. Without any analysis, SEPTA has rejected a taxpayer funded federal study that provides specific recommendations that best preserve dormant railways."
The transit advocacy group added that they are "concerned that SEPTA is creating an additional constituency resistant to putting rails on a (SEPTA) owned ROW, in this case the trail users," concluding that "the trail use will create an additional avenue of resistance even for those who would never be trail users. NIMBYs... will be avid trail users, not for the sake of the trail, but to prevent rail use."
Additional expansion/preservation efforts.
Other passenger rail expansion efforts PA-TEC has endorsed are listed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31014679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014679" title="Jorge O. Calvo">
Jorge O. Calvo

Jorge Orlando Calvo is an Argentine. geologist and paleontologist working for "Centro de Investigaciones Paleontológicas Lago Barreales" (National University of Comahue).
Dr. Jorge Orlando Calvo was born in Córdoba, Argentina, in 1961. At present, he is a professor in Geology and Paleontology at the National University of Comahue, Neuquén. He is one of the founders of the Geology Career (2010) at this University as well as the Director of the Barreales Lake Paleontological Center.
He became a geologist in 1986 and in 1991 he won a Fulbright scholarship to do a Master in Paleontological Sciences (1992) at the University of Illinois at Chicago, USA, getting his degree in 1994. In 2006, he earned his PhD degree at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
He has devoted all his life to the discovering, digging and studying of Vertebrate Paleontology. He has been the first paleontologist living and working in the Neuquén province. He is both author and co-author of many discoveries of his own about new taxa in dinosaurs, birds, crocodiles, frogs, turtles, eggs and dinosaur tracks. He is the first paleontologist to have helped develop not only the Paleontological Science in Norpatagonia (1987) but also the Paleontological Tourism. He is the founder of the Geology and Paleontology Museum of the National University of Comahue (1990), the Paleontological Museum of Rincón de los Sauces (2000) and the Barreales Lake Paleontological Center (2002).
As a researcher of the National University of Comahue, he has been the Director of more than 15 national and international research projects led from institutions such as Conicet, Agencia Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnologia and Universidad Nacional del Comahue (Argentina), Duke Foundation of United State, Dinosaur Society of America, National Geographic Society, etc.
He has been the Director of theses for graduates, Master and PhD students. He has published more than 88 scientific papers and more than 60 in non-specialist magazines. He has also read more than 135 papers and lectures at Congresses of the specialty worldwide.
He has been invited to lecture on Dinosaurs from Norpatagonia in different cities of Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Italy, Finland, Romania and Serbia. He has been a coordinator in more than 25 events of paleontological shows, exhibitions and Interactive museums.
He both described and co-described many species:
References.
(a) Calvo, J.O. 1991. Huellas de dinosaurios en la Formación Río Limay (Albiano-Cenomaniano) Picún Leufú. Provincia del Neuquén . Argentina. (Ornithischia-Saurischia: Saurópoda-Terópoda) Ameghiniana, 28 (3-4): 241-258.
(b) Calvo, J. O. y L. Salgado, 1995. Rebbachisaurus tessonei sp. nov. a new sauropod of the Albian-Cenomanian of Argentina; new evidence on the origin of the Diplodocidae. GAIA 11:13-33.
(c) Calvo, J.O.; Engelland, S.; Heredia, S. Salgado, L. 1997. First record of dinosaur eggshells (?Sauropoda-Megaloolithidae) from Neuquén, Patagonia, Argentina. GAIA Portugal. 14:23-32.

</doc>
<doc id="31014681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014681" title="Glenn Davis (web design)">
Glenn Davis (web design)

Glenn Davis (born June 21, 1961) was one of the first web designers. He is best known for his websites "Cool Site of the Day" and "Project Cool" and for being a founding member of the Web Standards Project.
Davis created Cool Site of the Day in August 1994. Linking to one single recommended site off its homepage each day, the site soon became an arbiter of taste on the Internet, and its award was a coveted prize among Silicon Alley start-ups.
Davis became a celebrity through "Cool Site of the Day", giving interviews to magazines and radio networks such as NPR while fending off gifts from site maintainers who sought his recommendation of their sites. "Newsweek" celebrated Davis as one of the 50 most important people on the Internet in 1995, dubbing him the "King of Cool."
In time for the first anniversary of "Cool Site of the Day", Davis inaugurated the "Cool Site Of The Year" award, also known as the Webby, which was first presented in Hollywood, California, in August 1995, and was given to The Spot.
Davis left "Cool Site of the Day" in November 1995. In January 1996 he founded "Project Cool" with Teresa Martin, a new media specialist at Knight Ridder. This new venture was conceived as an educational resource center teaching web development. "Project Cool" continued the daily award concept under the name "Project Cool Sighting." The site became a respected and widely used resource on web development techniques, and its founders co-authored two books to complement it. Davis co-founded the Web Standards Project with Tim Bray, Jeffrey Zeldman and George Olsen, among others. In 2000, he founded "Astounding Websites", an online forum created to review and discuss the best writing, design, and programming on the web. Davis gave up on the web as a medium in 2002, dismissing it as "old hat" because he believed there was little room for significant further breakthroughs.
Davis has been recognized for defining the technique of "liquid" web design.

</doc>
<doc id="31014685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014685" title="Santosh Kumar Ghosh">
Santosh Kumar Ghosh

Santosh Kumar Ghosh () (9 September 1920 – 26 February 1985) was an eminent Bengali litterateur and a journalist of repute.
Early life.
Born in Faridpur district of what is now Bangladesh, Santosh Kumar had his ancestral house at Barishal district (presently in Bangladesh). Son of Suresh Chandra Ghosh and Sarajubala Devi, he cleared Matric examination with a first division scoring very high percentage in both Bengali and Mathematics. In the year 1940 he passed B.A. examination with a distinction.
Career as journalist.
In the year 1941 Santosh Kumar started his career as journalist in 'Pratyaha' Daily. Later in his career he worked in Jugantar and The Statesman and finally in the year 1951 went to Delhi to join Hindusthan Standard, the English publication of Anandabazar Patrika. He also worked for 'The Morning News' and 'The Nation'. In 1958 Santosh Kumar returned to Kolkata as the news editor Anandabazar Patrika. In 1964 he was made the associate editor of both the publications, Anandabazar Patrika and Hindusthan Standard. Finally in 1976 he became the joint editor of Anandabazar Patrika. He attended many forums of journalists in America, Europe, Japan, Korea, Pakistan, Russia and many other countries.
Awards and recognition.
Throughout his literary career Santosh Kumar won various awards. He was given the Ananda Puroshkar in the year 1971, Bisesh Ananda in 1972, the Sahitya Akademi Award also in 1972. In 1984 he was given an honorary D.Lit from Taiwan Kobisangha .
Literary works.
Renowned as a short story and novel writer Santosh Kumar also tried his hands in other literary forms like drama, poetry and essays. Two of his plays, 'Ajatak' (1969) and 'Aparthibo' (1971) are worth mentioning.
As for poems there is a collection named 'Kabitar Praye' (1980). His first published poem was 'Prithibi' (Nabashakti, 1937) and first published short story was 'Bilaati Dak' (Bharatbarsha, 1937).
Amongst essays are 'Rabindrachinta', 1978, 'Rabir kar', 1984.
Apart from these Santosh Kumar also tried his hand in Juvenile literature. 'Dupurer Dike' written by him which was published in the year 1980 was meant for such young adults.
His first novel was 'Kinu Goalar Gali' (published in 1950 in 'Desh' patrika) which immediately caught the attention of readers and contemporary writers. 'Nana Ranger Din' (1952), 'Momer Putul' (1958) which was later named as 'Shudhar Shohor', 'Mukher Rekha' (1959), 'Renu Tomar Mon' (1959), 'Jol dao' (1967), 'Swayang Nayak' (1969), 'Sesh Namaskar Sricharaneshu Maa ke' (1971), are some of the other novels that Santosh Kumar wrote.
Among his short story collections are 'Chinemati' (1953), which has been translated later as 'Porcelain and Other Stories', 'Parabat' (1953), 'Dui Kananer Pakhi' (1959), 'Kusumer Mash'(1959), 'Santosh Kumar Ghosh Golpo Samagra' 1st, 2nd and 3rd part (1994, 1995) etc.
During his last days, when suffering from cancer at the Breach Candy Hospital, Mumbai, Santosh Kumar wrote some letters, maintained a diary and also wrote his last short story, 'Cholar Pathe' which was published collectively posthumously in 1996.
Literary style and uniqueness.
A legendary figure of Bengali journalism, Santosh Kumar perhaps deliberately downplayed his extraordinary literary talent. He was extremely keen on exposing the evils of his time. A deeply sensitive writer, Santosh Kumar Ghosh was always sympathetic towards the oppressed people. In 'Kinu Goalar Gali' and in 'Sudhar Shahar' the degeneration of human values during the turbulent post world war 2 years are expressed poignantly. The former was translated to many major Indian languages and was made into a Bengali movie few years later(1964).
In 'Nana Ranger Din' the nationalist movement of pre-independent India is voiced through the autobiographical perspective. In 'Mukher Rekha', 'Jal Dao', and 'Swayang nayak' and 'Sesh Namaskar: Sricharaneshu Maa ke', where Santosh Kumar has combined the autobiographical and confessional mode of narration to deal with the roots of different social evils. Shesh Namaskar has been translated into English by Ketaki Datta under the title "Shesh Namaskar (The Last Salute)" and published by Sahitya Akademi (2013), ISBN 978-81-260-3338-6. A continuous seeker of new fictional methods, he wrote 'Renu Tomar Mon' in second person point of view (which is still unique in Bengali literature) and at the same time combined poetry, essay and story in his book 'Mile Omile'.

</doc>
<doc id="31014690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014690" title="Río Segura">
Río Segura

Río Segura is a patrol boat commissioned to Spain's Civil Guard. It is the flagship of the Civil Guard's Maritime Service.

</doc>
<doc id="31014708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014708" title="Flower of Evil (film)">
Flower of Evil (film)

Flower of Evil () is a 1915 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. The film was shown as part of the Silent Divas of the Italian Cinema programme at the 38th New York Film Festival in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31014712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014712" title="Electrochimica Acta">
Electrochimica Acta

Electrochimica Acta is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of electrochemistry. It is the official publication of the International Society of Electrochemistry and it is published bimonthly. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 3.642. The current editor-in-chief is S. Trasatti (University of Milan).

</doc>
<doc id="31014713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014713" title="Aminath Faiza">
Aminath Faiza

Aminath Faiza (ca. 29 September 1924 – 25 February 2011) was a Maldivian Dhivehi language poet and author.
(Daisy Maa) Aminath Faiza began to write poetry at the age of 16. She was inspired by the late "Bodufen Valhugey Seedhi", a famous poet and Faiza's maternal uncle. "Thiththibe" as Faiza called him, made her recite his poems when they were completed. During the 1950s, Faiza started showcasing her work, during which time, late Mohamed Amin Didi, the first President of the Maldives, created the "Lhen Veringe Gulzaar" (Garden of Dhivehi Poets). Aminath Faiza was the "DAISY MAA"; the Daisy flower of Maldivian poetry. Since then, she has published her poems and other works in magazines and newspapers, and has had compilations published in books throughout her career. She wrote poetry on many different topics including romance, social issues, religion, national unity, and national occasions.
Faiza served on the advisory body of the Rayyithunge Muthagaddim Party, the first political party founded in the Maldives by late president Mohamed Ameed Didi. She worked as the deputy headmistress of the former Madrasat–ul Saniyya school. Faiza also worked for Maldives Center for Historical and Linguistic Research, during which she helped to compile the Maldivian Dictionary.
In recognition of her contribution to Maldivian poetry, she was awarded the National Award of Recognition in 1980, then a National Award of Honour in 1996. She penned her last poem on the Golden Jubilee of Iskandhar School on 5 February 2011.
On February 25, 2011 after suffering a stroke, she died at the age of 86 while being treated at Indira Gandhi Memorial Hospital in Malé, Republic of Maldives, at 06:05hrs. Her resident was Galolhu .Daisymaage, Male'. Funeral Prayer was held at Masjid Al Sultan Mohamed Thankurufaanu Al Auzam following Friday Prayer. She was buried at the Aa Sahara cemetery in Male in a ceremony attended by political and cultural dignitaries. Faiza was survived by three children, Ahmed Abbas, Aminath Abbas and Mohamed Hilmy. She had six grand children: Eleena Ahmed Abbas, Mona Ahmed Abbas,Marina Ahmed Abbas, Kashif Hilmy, Hathif Hilmy and Yadhya Hilmy.

</doc>
<doc id="31014728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014728" title="ISIRI 13150">
ISIRI 13150

ISIRI 13150 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 2009/68/EC. It defines "the component type-approval of lighting and lightsignalling devices on wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31014743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014743" title="Schlossbergbahn">
Schlossbergbahn

Schlossbergbahn or Schloßbergbahn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31014747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014747" title="Benn Olson">
Benn Olson

Benn Olson (born April 29, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Coventry Blaze in the Elite Ice Hockey League.
Career.
Olson has so far played extensively in the minor leagues, bouncing back and forth between the ECHL and AHL in each of his 4 seasons as a professional. His post-season experience has been entirely in the ECHL, once with the Florida Everblades in 2010 and once with the Ontario Reign in 2012. Other teams Olson has played for include the Houston Aeros, Bridgeport Sound Tigers, Milwaukee Admirals, and Albany River Rats of the AHL, and the Cincinnati Cyclones and Alaska Aces of the ECHL. Olson played juniors in the WHL, for the Kamloops Blazers and the Seattle Thunderbirds. 
Olson's role as a defenseman has led him into the position of an enforcer; he has amassed 723 penalty minutes in 203 professional games, and 835 in his days in the WHL over 275 games.

</doc>
<doc id="31014755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014755" title="The Wedding March (1915 film)">
The Wedding March (1915 film)

The Wedding March () is a 1915 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.

</doc>
<doc id="31014767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014767" title="Persepam Madura United">
Persepam Madura United

Persepam Madura United (shortened P-MU – stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Pamekasan Madura United ("en: Football Association of Pamekasan Madura United")) is a professional football club in Indonesia being based in Pamekasan, East Java, Indonesia. Club played in Indonesia Super League. In season 2012–13 the club was promoted to Indonesia Super League after finishing 3rd place in 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31014780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014780" title="Alexandre Bengué">
Alexandre Bengué

Alexandre Bengué (born 22 December 1975 in Lourdes) is a French rally driver. Bengué was a factory driver for Škoda Motorsport in the World Rally Championship in 2005, before scoring two points finishes as a privateer in 2006.
Career.
Bengué began his rally career in 1998 when he won the Volant Rally Jeunes competition organised by the Fédération Française du Sport Automobile (FFSA). In 2002 he began competing in the French Rally Championship in a Peugeot 206 WRC, winning one round. In the following year he won four rounds on the way to being crowned French Asphalt Rally Champion. He also took part in the Tour de Corse in a Peugeot 206 WRC, but was forced to retire with a mechanical issue. 
In 2004 he again won four French championship rounds, but missed out on the title finishing second. He took part in two WRC rounds, finishing tenth on Rallye Deutschland but again having to retire while running eighth overall. In November he was announced as a driver for the factory Škoda Motorsport team for the 2005 season. He would driving the team's second car on asphalt events.
He finished ninth on his debut with the team on the Monte Carlo Rally, taking two stage victories on the second day. His next outing for the team came in Germany, but he retired after going off the road on the third stage. His third start for the team was on his home round in Corsica, where he finished in sixth place, matching the best ever result for the Škoda Fabia WRC. His fourth and final rally for the team was on Rally Catalunya, but he was forced to retire. Škoda Motorsport withdrew from the WRC at the end of 2005.
For 2006 Bengué entered the Catalunya and Corsica rounds in a Peugeot 307 WRC for the BSA team. He finished fourth overall in Spain, and then finished fifth in France.
In 2008 Bengué returned to the French championship and won two rounds in a 307 WRC.
In 2010 Bengué was announced to be part of a five-round Intercontinental Rally Challenge programme with British firm Motor Sports Developments and tyre firm Hankook in an Opel Corsa OPC Super 2000. They were forced to retire from their first rally in Ypres on the first stage due to engine damage. Bengué never competed in the car again.

</doc>
<doc id="31014784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014784" title="Kadam People">
Kadam People

The Kadam people inhabit Mount Kadam in Nakapiripirit District in the Karamoja sub-region, located in north-eastern Uganda.
History.
They are closely related to the Tepeth/Tepes or So peoples who inhabit Mount Napak
Language.
The Kadam speak the Kadam Language, also known as "yog toŋi" those who speak Kadam/So as a first language are middle-aged and elderly, the younger generations speak mostly the Pökoot or Karamojong language.

</doc>
<doc id="31014806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014806" title="Baktruppen">
Baktruppen

Baktruppen was an artist collective (1986–2011), founded in Bergen, Norway. The group has had a substantial impact on European live art.
The performative work of Baktruppen consisted of theatre and dance performances, performance art, invisible theatre, video art, radio programs, sound art, site specific art, and politically motivated actions. 
Theatre historian Knut Ove Arntzen in the book "Performance Art by Baktruppen", first part (kontur 2009) explains: «Baktruppen is known for their irony and playing with avantgardistic approaches to theatre and performance art. They may even be perceived as having transgressed the avant-garde! The name of the company indicates the opposite of avant-garde, something more like “rear troop,” or somebody walking behind a military advancement. It was of course ironically meant. Baktruppen’s point was to recycle aspects of the classical avant-garde in a postmodern perspective, which indeed was their point of departure».
Baktruppen was marked by artistic research going beyond the aesthetics and towards a social space. Baktruppen questioned the idea of ritual in theatre, and introduced the ambient space with a playful and ironic approach to the postmodern. Play became a frame for communication with the audience, and a point of departure for a deconstructivist view of the world expressed through their art. Notions of “professionalism” and “dilettantism” were questioned. One of the main intentions was that people joining productions should mix their talents and skills into a non-hierarchical working process of a collective kind. 
Exaggeration and confusion are aspects that characterize Baktruppen’s work. The troupe constantly positioned itself in the uncertain gap between the known and the unknown and operated with a dual awareness where they toy with the distinctions between play/seriousness, fiction/reality, center/periphery, and different identities. One may say that Baktruppen's work reflects the carnivalesque in a postmodern form.
Selected Works.
On Friday Baktruppen buried the dog. Sunday before mass the church dug it up again. God knows where it is now.
Witte de With Center for Contemporary Art, Rotterdam / Holland.
Baktruppen as Viking daoists of europunk talking about the global financial crisis.
Stamsund International Theatre Festival / Norway, Hanoi Sound Stuff-Greener Music Festival /Vietnam, Van Ho Exhibition Center / Vietnam. 
Asia Tour (2008): Happy Monday, Bangkok / Thailand, Night and Day / Singapore, Velvet Underground, Taipei / Taiwan, Dreamer House, Xiamen/ China, Ninliho Gallery, Foshan/ China, MoCa Space, Shenzhen Museum of Contemporary Art / China, Oxwarehouse, Macao / China. Storåsfestival / Norway.
Baktruppen presented Bakkanale crew and Baktrüppen Light Metal Band in an eighteen Man Band Baktruppen Forever Show. New and new versions of Baktruppen Performances: Germania Tod in Berlin, Tonight, When We Dead Awake, Come On Everybody, Good Good Very Good & Super-Per.
Black Box Theatre, Oslo. Co-producer: Black Box. Org. Baktruppen.
European Centre for the Arts Hellerau, Dresden.
In order to measure and increase the value of the festival as a whole, BAKTRUPPEN EVALUATION TEAM created a Money Pool. The audience was asked to help us find the Gross Artistic Product (GAP) by giving one € to one of the 22 performances. Then Baktruppen levered this value by 10 and painted a piece of the diagram blue. To color the pool and to help them choose, thereby making the GAP grow, we gave resymées from the 21 other performances, and spoke about money matters, our universal unit of measurement. All in all, the audience gave 99 €, triggering 990 € from Baktruppen, which make a GAP of 1.089 €, the sum total given back to the festival.
Celebrating The Year of The Bush.
Dælenenggata 31, Oslo / Norway.
Third part of Baktruppen's dance trilogy. Developed at Kampnagel, Hamburg / Germany.
Continental Breakfast Tallinn- NU Performance Festival, Tallinn / Estonia.
Baktruppen cancel their jubilee show about Norway and play instead Dario Fo's Corps For Sale. Karlstad Stadsteater, Karlstad / Sweden, Kulturhuset Stockholm / Sweden, Ålesund Theatre Festival / Norway, Black Box Theatre, Oslo / Norway, Teaterhuset Avantgarden, Trondheim / Norway, BIT- Teatergarasjen, Bergen / Norway.
Steirischer Herbst, Graz / Austria. PS 122, New York /USA, Nordic Excellence, Gothenburg Dance and Theatre Festival / Sweden, Nuffield Theatre, Lancaster / UK, Bowen West Theatre, Bedford / UK, Black Box Theatre, Oslo / Norway, CCA, Glasgow / Scotland, Rui Hortas Centro Coreográfico de Montemor-o-Novo / Portugal, Dansens Dag, Moderna Dansteatern, Stockholm / Sweden, Nordic Excellence, Kulturhuset, Stockholm / Sweden. 
Co-producer: Autonnale Bergen Contemporary Music Festival. Rui Hortas Centro Coreográfico de Montemor – o Novo /Portugal.
As a result of the poll a two and a half meter tall wooden sculpture made by Baktruppen was given to the people in Stamsund to decide its name and if they wanted it to stand ON LAND or be thrown IN THE OCEAN. The sculpture was wanted ON LAND by 95% and was named THE TOURIST.
Coastal Ferry Quay, Stamsund, Lofoten / Norway.
Bread, red wine and Jesus.
Rosa Luxemburg strasse 24, Berlin / Germany Org.: Sophiensæle
Kunstbanken, Hamar / Norway, BIT – Teatergarasjen, Teatergaten, Bergen / Norway, Teaterhuset Avantgarden, Trondheim / Norway, Dæhlenenggata, Oslo / Norway, Tou Scene, Stavanger / Norway, Limelight, Kortrijk / Belgium.
Modernism, fossils, Adam&Eve.
Dælenenggata 31, Oslo / Norway.
Baktruppen do and undo knots and unknots during three entrances, two exits and one turning point.
Steirischer Herbst, Graz / Austria, PS 122, New York /USA, Nordic Excellence, Gothenburg Dance and Theatre Festival / Sweden, Nuffield Theatre, Lancaster / UK, Bowen West Theatre, Bedford / UK, Black Box Theatre, Oslo / Norway, CCA, Glasgow / Scotland, Nordic Excellence, Kulturhuset, Stockholm / Sweden. Autonnale / BIT – Teatergarasjen, Bergen / Norway, Uganda National Theatre, Kampala / Uganda, Perfect Performance Festival, Stockholm / Sweden, Parkteateret, Oslo / Norway, Stamsund International Theatre Festival / Norway, Kunstbanken, Hamar / Norway, Limelight, Kortrijk / Belgium, Montemor-o-Novo Theatre, City Hall / Portugal, Norwegian Touring Exhibitions, Morokulien, border of Norway/Sweden.
Co-producer: Autonnale Bergen Contemporary Music Festival. Rui Hortas Centro Coreográfico de Montemor – o Novo /Portugal.
Baktruppen Camp Kortrijk Uncover Operation (BACKUNCOP).
Site Specific, Limelight, Kortrijk / Belgium
BALD KOMMT DIE GANZE GESICHTE VON IDENTITÄT UND IDENTITOT
Live radio play performed body painted as animals. Transferred to Germany by Deutschland Radio / Bayeriches Rundfunk, and streamed to Bergen, Toronto and Barcelona.
ZKM, Karlsruhe / Germany
The identity, difference and evolution of mankind including the Neanderthals.
Teglverksgata, Oslo / Norway, Kaaitheater, Brussel / Belgium, Perfect Performance, Stockholm / Sweden, BIT – Teatergarasjen, Bergen / Norway. 
Biljana Srbljanovic's play «Pad» slaughtered by Baktruppen.
Stavanger International Festival of Literature / Norway
Baktruppen's CV performed in fast forward mode.
M/S Vesterålen between Rørvik-Brønnøysund. M/S Vesterålen between Svolvær-Stokmarknes / Norway, Music Factory, Bergen / Norway.
Smashing quality and a Mitsubishi at The Norwegian Council of Cultural Affairs’ conference about art and quality, Grieghallen, Bergen / Norway. 
The author Dag Solstad went from Moscow to Dublin. Based on his reports, Baktruppen made a floppy horror show about Europe.
BIT – Teatergarasjen, Bergen / Norway, Gøteborggata  27, Oslo / Norway, Høvleriet, Haugesund / Norway, Norwegian Literature Festival, Lillehammer / Norway, Kunstbanken, Hamar / Norway, Teaterhuset Avantgarden, Trondheim / Norway, M/S Vesterålen Rørvik-Brønnøysund, M/S Vesterålen Svolvær-Stokmarknes, Tromsø Kunstforening, Grenland Friteteater, Porsgrunn, Black Box Theatre, Oslo / Norway, 
Von Krahli Teater, Tallinn / Estonia, Homo Novus Festival, Riga / Latvia, Amorph 01,
Helsinki, Kultuurihusi Gloria / Finland, Turku Art Academy / Finland, Localmotives, Stavanger / Norway, Kampnagel, Hamburg / Germany
Co.prod.: Baktruppen, BIT, Cultural City of Bergen 2000.
International hip hop event. Graffiti, rap, break from Bronx to Oslo.
Stretch and G9, Brenneriveien, Oslo / Norway.
Writers: USA: Wane, Dash, Sebar, , Virus, Denmark: Bates, Side, Sweden: Tariq, Norway: Goal, Coderock, Pay2, Sean.
Rappers: Petter (Sweden), Pen Jakke (N), various artists from Tee Production.
In the absence of legal wall space for graffiti, Baktruppen dressed in white and acted as wall for writer Goal outside the Oslo Courthouse / Norway.
Cheers to alcohol, fat, the Sami people and the Chinese.
Helsinki Act, Theatre Corner / Finland, Panacea, Stadsteatern, Stockholm / Sweden, Podewil, Berlin / Germany, Kunstlerhaus Mousonturm, Frankfurt / Germany, Reykjavik Nordic House / Iceland, Baltoscandal Festival Rakvere / Estland, Capitals, Modern Art Centre, Lisboa / Portugal, 
3D wild style body graffiti on sleeping pills.
Samtidskunstforum, Oslo / Norway, 21. Norddeutche Theatertreffen, Theater Lübeck / Germany, Helsinki Act '99, Helsinki / Finland, BIT – Teatergarasjen, Bergen / Norway, Stretch, Oslo / Norway, Künstlerhaus Mousonturm, Frankfurt / Germany, Museum for Contemporary Arts, Oslo / Norway, ICA, London / UK, Teaterhuset Avantgarden, Trondheim / Norway.
Contemporary agricultural theatre about the breeding ox Storm Kvakkestad.
Chapter Art Centre, Iconoclastic Theatre Season, Cardiff / UK, Samtidskunstforum Art Gallery, Oslo / Norway, 21. Norddeutche Theatertreffen, Theater Lübeck / Germany, Helsinki Act-99, Theatre Corner / Finland, Theatertextcontext BIT – teatergarasjen, Bergen / Norway, Kvakk in the field, Tynes Nedre, Levanger / Norway.
Baktruppen tell Chinese stories while Zhou Huilin og Zhang Zhulian play Chinese music in an exhibition of ancient Chinese art.
Cultural City of Bergen 2000, Museum of Industrial Arts, Bergen / Norway.
Cheers to alcohol, The Sami People and The Chinese.
In co-op. with L&O Amsterdam.
BIT Teatergarasjen, Bergen / Norge, Expo Zaal, De Brakke Grond, Amsterdam / Netherlands, STUC, Leuven / Belgium, Limelight, Kortrijk / Belgium, Fellessentralen Art Event, Kunstnernes Hus, Oslo, Smutthullet, Alta, Porsanger Vertshus, Lakselv, Bakteharji, Kautokeino, Kulturhuset, Karasjok, Malmklang, Kirkenes, M/S Midnatsol, Tromsø Kunstforening / Norway.
Co-prod.: Baktruppen, STUC, Das TAT, L&O Amsterdam, BIT Teatergarasjen and EU’s Caleidoscope.
Music for alcoholics. Songs from the CD Come On Everybody performed live.
Hordaland Prosjektgalleri «Nye møte», Bergen Kunstforening / Norway, «ZOOM», Zoolounge, Oslo / Norway.
Erik Balke’s unpaid bills exhibited and sold.
Galleri Struts, Oslo / Norway.
Antipodal dance theater about the Sami people and the Chinese.
Galleri Otto Plonk, Bergen / Norway.
Music for Alcoholics. Warm up concert for Mike Kelley, Paul McCarthy and Extended Noise. UKS / Oslo Rock Festival, Stratos, Oslo / Norway
Street demonstration, Hong Kong / Hong Kong.
Bak-truppen’s contribution to the site specific art event Ad.Hok at Sonja Henie Art Centre. Photo and press release, Høvikodden Art Center, Oslo / Norway.
Hyper textual lecture on industry, technology, time and memory on 350m2 synthetic carpets.
Kampnagel, Hamburg / Germany, TAT-Bühne, Frankfurt / Germany, Hebbel Theater, Berlin / Germany, Det Akademiske Kvarter, Bergen / Norway, Kongsvinger Teaterfestival / Norway, BIT – teatergarasjen, Bergen / Norway, Electra, Høvikodden Kunstsenter, Oslo / Norway, 
Co-prod.: Kampnagel, TAT, Hebbel Theater, BIT Teatergarasjen.
Buried to the waist in the maple grove Baktruppen praise the art event.
Borgen, Oslo / Norway.
Highlights from Baktruppen’s life as Per Gynt (1993).
BIT – teatergarasjen, Bergen, Bodø Kunstforening, Bodø, Arbeideren, Kabelvåg, Gimle, Stamsund, Trondenes fort, Harstad, M/S Ragnvald Jarl, Ungdommens hus, Tromsø, M/S Vesterålen / Norway, TAT-Probebühne, Frankfurt / Germany, Trippel X, Amsterdam / Netherlands, European performance and theater towards the year 2000, Kanonhallen, København / Denmark, LIFT, ICA, London / UK, EXIT, Maison des Arts, Creteil, Paris / France, Theatre 140, Brussel / Belgium, STUC, Leuven / Belgium, Hong Kong Arts Centre / Hong Kong, TAT, BIT Teatergarasjen, Zürcher Theaterspektakel, Hebbel Theater and Monty.
V version: Per Gynt opens an Institute for happiness research.
Goederenstation Zuid, Antwerpen / Belgium. Co-produced by Monty.
IV version: Seit letzte Eiszeit.
Hebbel Theater, Berlin, TAT-Probebühne, Frankfurt / Germany.
Co-prod.: The Norwegian Dep. of Foreign Affairs, Hebbel Theater.
III version: In 1997 Hong Kong will be incorporated into China.
Rote Fabrik, Zürich /Switzerland.
Co-produced by Zürcher Theater Spektakel.
II version: Meeting the Curved one.
BIT – Teatergarasjen, Bergen / Norway.
Co-produced by Bergen International Theatre.
I version: An erotical enlightmentshow.
TAT-Probebühne, Frankfurt / Germany.
Co-produced by Theater am Turm (TAT).
The adult world explained to children.
Performance Art Festival for Children and Youth, Black Box Theatre, Oslo / Norway. 
HAMLET performed in a gold painted bank valve, video transferred to the street outside.
Scene 1935–92, Exhibition in Norges Bank, Bergen / Norway.
Radio-play transmitted through 37 local radio stations in Norway.
Espevær, Norway.
Based on Bakruppen’s Germania Tod in Berlin, based on Heiner Müller’s drama. Performed playback with bleached hair and no trousers. Text in co-op. with Stefan Döring.
Felix Meritis, Amsterdam / Netherlands.
Co-produced by Felix Meritis, Amsterdam.
11 sequences performed in different order each time.
Bergen Visningssenter, Bergen / Norway, Felix Meritis, Amsterdam / Netherlands, BIT – teatergarasjen, Bergen / Norway, Touch Time, Melkweg, Amsterdam / Netherlands, Eurokaz, Scena Cecao, Zagreb / Kroatia, Belluard/Bollwerk, Belluard, Fribourg / Germany, Festival International de Teatro, Claustro de San Augustin, Malaga / Spain, Inteatro 91, Teatro del Parco, Polverigi / Italy, Zürcher Theater Spektakel, RoteFabrik, Zürich / Switzerland, Black Box Theatre, Oslo / Norway, Hedemark Teater, Elverum / Norway, Kaaitheater, Brüssels / Belgium, STUC, Arenberginstituut, Leuven / Belgium, Theater am Turm, Frankfurt / Germany, Salle Sthrau, Maubeuge / France, Theatre du Radeau, La Fonderie, Le Mans / France, Freistil '92, Tacheles, Berlin / Germany.
Co-produced:Felix Meritis, Mickery, B.I.T.
Baktruppen sell the remains of Baktruppen’s office in Bergen. The remains of the sale were given away, and the last things were left by the wall marked "umsonst".
A multi purpose all round Ibsen production.
Teater Druzhba, Tbilisi / Georgia, IOGT-huset, Bergen, Folken, Stavanger. Sykkelfabrikken, Sandnes, Dalane Vidergående Skole, Egersund., Music Factory, USF, outdoors, Bergen, Hedemark Teater, Galleri F15, Moss, Oslo Int. Theatre, Scenehuset, Oslo / Norway, Theater Westend, Zürich, Zürcher Theater Spektakel / Switzerland, De Markten, Brüssel / Belgium, Akademie der Künste, Berlin / Germany, Felix Meritis, Amsterdam / Netherlands, Scena Cekao, Zagreb / Kroatia, Festival Int. de Teatro, Claustro de San Augustin, Malaga / Spain, 
Heiner Müller's drama, adapted. Seven people behind a wall. An episcope showing pictures. The participants speak, sing and walk their way through a trecherous post-war period, where the betrayel is uncouncious and private. Each and every man is alone, yet vaguely dreaming of a common stance. Pictures are taken.
Høvikodden Kunstsenter, Oslo / Norway, Bandens Teater, International Video & Performance Festival, Odense / Norway, Teatretreff −89, Hotel Norge, Bergen / Norway, 
Back 2 Back, Frascati, Amsterdam / Netherlands, Experimenta 6, Mousonturm, Frankfurt / Germany, Helsinki Festspel, Savoy Teater, Helsinki / Finland, Theater Westend, Zürich, Zürcher Theater Spektakel / Switzerland, De Markten, Brüssel / Belgium, Akademie der Künste, Berlin / Germany, 
Co-prod.: Bergen International Theater and Høvikodden Art Centre.
A new burlesque about two Norwegian families celebrating Christmas. On the Holy night a murder is committed and immediately forgotten. The play takes place on four platforms, stylized according to a clumsy normality.
Turnhallen, Bergen, Black Box Theatre, Oslo, Student Society, Trondheim / Norway.
Cabaret from Norwegian topography. An informal mix of recitation and songs. Wonderful effects and catchy new music. Excerpts from "Before we get married"(1957), the song book "Petra"(1949), and lyrics by Øyvind Berg.
Bergen International Theatre Festival 1988, Café Chagall, Bergen, Great Hall, Turnhallen, Bergen / Norway.
Based on Ibsen´s "Brand"(1866). Brand's conflict is manifested in a 5,5 m. high steel tower. In and around the tower, his inhuman craving for utopia is revealed. The will to control the world according to one specific viewpoint leads to a 55 minute long continual and social collapse.
USF, Bergen, Nordre Teater, Oslo, Solheimsviken Verft, Bergen / Norway.
Norway in the eighties. Performed in three different areas in a 100 m. long tunnel with one masculine and one feminine side. After the demice of democracy, freedom is presented as a heightened awareness of death and sexual pleasure.
Based on the books “The Moment of Freedom” and “Without a thread” by Jens Bjørneboe.
Teatertreff −87, Fall-out shelter, Bergen, Det røde sjøhus, Stavanger, The Architect school, Oslo / Norway, The Box, Gothenburg / Sweden, Singel record, Berlin 1988.
Red-clad people sidled round and round outside the café, then walked into the café, sat down with their teddy-bears and made teddy-bear noises. Evacuation.
Action, Café Opera, Bergen / Norway.
Participants wearing identity-cards walked into the café, sat down and read the Invisible Theatre's Repertory. A collection was made at the exit.
Café Opera, Bergen / Norway.
With woolen socks and wet feet reading Norwegian classics aloud.
Action, Ole Bulls Plass, Bergen / Norway.
Members.
Baktruppen was founded by Tone Avenstroup and Øyvind Berg in 1986. Avenstroup left in 1995, and has continued to pursue her own artistic practice.Other members have been:

</doc>
<doc id="31014818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014818" title="Blisse Joyce">
Blisse Joyce

Blisse Joyce (born March 6, 1983 in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia as Blisse Comstock) is a Canadian curler from Halifax. She is a former Canadian Junior curling champion. She currently plays second for Heather Smith.
In 2003,Joyce played second for Robyn Mattie's Boylston, Nova Scotia junior rink. They won their provincial junior championship, giving them the right to represent Nova Scotia at the 2003 Canadian Junior Curling Championships in Ottawa (where Mattie now lives). The team finished in first place (10-2) after the round robin, but lost to Saskatchewan's Stefanie Miller in the final. 
In 2004, Joyce joined the Jill Mouzar (now Brothers) team. They once again won the Nova Scotia junior title, and finished first place (9-3) at the 2004 Canadian Juniors in Victoria, British Columbia. This time they won in the final, defeating Quebec's Marie Cantin. They would go on to represent Canada at the 2004 World Junior Curling Championships in Trois-Rivières, Quebec. They went through the round robin undefeated, only to lose to Norway's Linn Githmark in the final. 
Joyce played with Mouzar occasionally after juniors until Mouzar moved to Ontario. In 2010, Colleen Jones took over as skip of the team before succumbing to meningitis. Third Heather Smith became skip, and led third Danielle Parsons, third Joyce and lead Teri Lake to Joyce's first provincial women's title. They would represent Nova Scotia at the 2011 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, with a 7-4 record, going on to win the Bronze Medal Game against Ontario's Rachel Homan
For the 2011-2012 season the team will continue without Colleen Jones, who has recruited a new team. 
She attended Acadia University.

</doc>
<doc id="31014820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014820" title="Enon Gavin">
Enon Gavin

Enon Gavin is a former Gaelic footballer from County Roscommon, Ireland. He played with the Roscommon intercounty team from 1991 until 2000. In his first intercounty season he won a Connacht Senior Football Championship in 1991; he also won an All Star Award that year.
He played at club level also with Clan na Gael. He won seven Roscommon Senior Football Championship medals and two Connacht Senior Club Football Championship medals.
References

</doc>
<doc id="31014831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014831" title="List of shopping malls in Cagayan de Oro">
List of shopping malls in Cagayan de Oro

This is a list of notable shopping malls in Cagayan de Oro, Philippines.
Major Malls.
Malls in Metro Cagayan de Oro that has at least 30,000 square meters.
Minor Malls and Standalone Stores.
Malls in Metro Cagayan de Oro that has at least 30,000 square meters.

</doc>
<doc id="31014832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014832" title="Ludwig Gottlieb Scriba">
Ludwig Gottlieb Scriba

Ludwig Gottlieb Scriba (3 June 1736 – 3 May 1804) was a German theologian and entomologist. Ludwig Gottlieb Scriba was the editor of "Journal für die Liebhaber der Entomologie" (1790–1791) which contains descriptions of new species. Only three volumes of this work were published. He is not to be confused with Wilhelm Georg Heinrich Scriba or Christoph Philipp Heinrich Scriba, also entomologists. 

</doc>
<doc id="31014834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014834" title="Utricularia phusoidaoensis">
Utricularia phusoidaoensis

Utricularia phusoidaoensis is a terrestrial lithophytic carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus "Utricularia". It is endemic to the northern Thailand province of Phitsanulok on Phu Soi Dao, where it is only known from the type locality. It grows on wet cliffs at altitudes around . It is related to "U. garrettii", another species endemic to Thailand that shares a similar seed morphology. "Utricularia phusoidaoensis" is easily distinguished by its purple 4-6-lobed corolla, reniform leaves, and the staghorn-like trap appendages. It has been found growing in the presence of "U. spinomarginata". It was first formally described by Piyakaset Suksathan (of the Queen Sirikit Botanic Garden) and John Adrian Naicker Parnell (of Trinity College, Dublin) in 2010 from collections made by Suksathan in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31014839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014839" title="ISIRI 6494">
ISIRI 6494

ISIRI 6494 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2010 based on Directive 97/29/EC. It defines "Retro-reflectors for motor vehicles and their trailers".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31014861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014861" title="El ángel de Budapest">
El ángel de Budapest

El ángel de Budapest ("Angel of Budapest") is a Spanish 2011 television World War II-Holocaust miniseries (compiled to a television movie in various countries) based on the book "Un español frente al Holocausto" ("A Spaniard against the Holocaust") written by journalist and radio executive director Diego Carcedo. The executive producers are José Manuel Lorenzo, Eduardo Campoy and István Major, the first two had collaborated on the spiritual film "Sin noticias de Dios" (2001). The film was shot in between November 9, 2010 to December 23, 2010 in Budapest, Hungary.
Plot.
The plot focuses on Ángel Sanz Briz, a Spanish ambassador in Hungary during World War II who helped to save the lives of thousands of Jews from the Holocaust by lodging them in Spanish safe houses in Budapest. There's also a romantic storyline following the lovelife of Antal a Jew who falls in love with the daughter of an Arrow Cross official. He slowly turns to the resistance movement to save themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="31014871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014871" title="Iulius Iancu">
Iulius Iancu

Dr. Iulius Iancu (; born March 24, 1920) is a Jewish poet and writer who writes in Romanian.
Biography.
Dr. Iancu Iulius was born on 24 March 1920 in the town of Bacău Eastern Romania. He spent his childhood according to Jewish traditions. He graduated from ‘Ferdinand I’ High-School Bacău. He graduated with a degree in medicine from the University of Bucureşti in 1949. 
He practised medicine for 50 years as a radiologist, publishing numerous studies and articles in his domain of medicine, some of them quoted in classical manuals.
Between 1999 and 2004, he published the four volumes of his memoir, NOI, COPII STRĂZII LECA, which was awarded prizes and was praised by a number of political and literary personalities from Israel and abroad.
In 2005, he published his first volume of verse, POEME DE AMURG, which was also appreciated for its literary qualities.
He frequently writes for publications in Israel, Romania, and Canada. Studies about his writings were published in the volumes SCRIITORI DIN ŢARA SFÂNTĂ by Ion Cristofor, DICŢIONAR NECONVENŢIONAL AL SCRIITORILOR EVREI DE LIMBA ROMÂNĂ by Alexandru Mirodan, MEDICI, SCRIITORI ŞI PUBLICIŞTI by Dr. M Mihailide, BACĂUL LITERAR by Eugen Budău and MEDICI SCRIITORI by Dr. I. Marton.
Dr. Iulius Iancu is a member of ASOCIAŢIA MEDICILOR SCRIITORI/ THE ASSOCIATION OF THE DOCTORS WRITERS of Romania, of THE ‘HAIFA’ LITERARY CLUB and of THE ‘ŞAI AGNON’ CULTURAL CLUB.
Literary career.
Târgul amintirilor (1940) - single copy, lost now
Poveste naivă (1998) - family edition - exhausted
Evenimente în desene (2000) - single copy
"Noi, copiii strazii Leca" (, ) Volumes 1-4
Editura Minimum Israel
Vol. I - Târgul amintirilor (1999)
Vol. II - Un om, un drum, o epocă (2001)
Vol. III - Bacăul de odinioară (2002)
Vol. IV - Generaţia de la capătul drumului (2005)
Din jurnalul unui pensionar (, ), written in 2006.
Poeme de amurg - vol. I (2006)
Poeme de amurg - vol. II: Aştept ziua de mâine (2007)
"Printesa din Harduf" (, ), a book about facing the Alzheimer's disease. The book was published in Romanian at 2009 and was translated to English by Mariana Zavati Gardner.
and her daughter.
Magazine publications.
"Viața noastră", Israel, nr.15/2000
"Semnalul", din Canada, nr.64/2000
"Minimum", nr.187/2002;
"Orient Expres", 5 Dec. 2005;
"Magazin"
"Jurnalul Săptămânii"
The Princess of Harduf.
The Princess of Harduf is a book about survival and understanding, about hope and loss. It is about the journey made by Dr. Iulius Iancu and his wife Rita, shoulder to shoulder through life and ultimately stoically facing her Alzheimer together. The volume is written with immense compassion from the point of view of the doctor and with the deep love of the husband, protector of a vulnerable wife. 
Mixing the diary format with the documentary notes, The Princess of Harduf is written in the first person with the energy of despair at a crescendo pace. It tells the real story of Rita’s becoming swamped by Alzheimer and plunging into her own reality with space for one person only, with family and friends locked outside. The narrative reveals how Rita’s reality has gradually been stripped away. Dr. Iulius Iancu narrates about his wife’s transformation and descent into darkness, from the unnoticed building up of the symptoms and to the obvious.
The emphasis is on the way members of the family and paid help assist Rita. Domestic detail mixes with medical detail. Rita’s ongoing transformation is followed by sequences of precise medical notes combined with the deepest emotions. 
The Princess of Harduf is deeply touching as it captures the ability of the human spirit to overcome momentous difficulties.
Works in preparation.
- Opinii literare (cărţi şi cărturari)
- Din jurnalul unui pensionar - vol.II
- Despărţiri (poezii)
Dr. Iulius Iancu has been awarded the following prises.
- FUNDATIA ‘SARA & HAIM IANCULOVICI’ 2001
- FUNDATIA ‘IACOB GROPER’ 2008
Dr. Iulius Iancu is a member of.
- The ‘Haifa’ Cultural Club
- ‘Şai Agnon’ Cultural Club
- Societatea medicilor scriitori din Romania si Europa
Critical Studies on Dr Iulius Iancu’s Writing.
- Ion Cristofor Filipas - SCRISORI DIN TARA SFANTA
- Al. Mirodan - DICTIONAR NECONVENTIONAL AL SCRIITORILOR EVREI DE LIMBA ROMANA
- Dr. M. Mihailide - MEDICI, SCRIITORI SI PUBLICISTI
- Eugen Budău - BACAUL LITERAR
- Dr. I. MARTON - MEDICI SCRIITORI
- Ion Cristofor Filipas - CETATEA CULTURALA/ Cluj Napoca 2008
Dr. Iulius Iancu’s work was included in.
- THE MUSES VISIT (album) Ed. Teva 2005
- ATENEUL PERSONALITATILOR BACAUANE ‘Vasile Alecsandri’ Bacău (permanent documentary presentation)
- EXPOZITIA MEDICILOR DESENATORI Tel-Aviv 2009
- YAD VASHEM (Library - Testimonies)
- MUZEUL EVREIESC BACAU - Permanent Display
- A.C.M.E.O.R. LIBRARY Tel-Aviv
- THE NATIONAL UNIVERSITY LIBRARY - Jerusalem
- THE HEBREW UNIVERSITY LIBRARY - Jerusalem
- THE ‘EUGEN BUDAU’ REGIONAL LIBRARY - Bacău
- BIBLIOTECA ACADEMIEI ROMANE - Bucureşti

</doc>
<doc id="31014880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014880" title="Sotto le tombe">
Sotto le tombe

Sotto le tombe is a 1915 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.

</doc>
<doc id="31014895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014895" title="Lauter (Neckar)">
Lauter (Neckar)

The Lauter is a right tributary of the Neckar and arises on the Albtrauf escarpment of the Swabian Alb.
History.
The Lauter is formed by the confluence of the White Lauter, which rises east of Gutenberg and the Black Lauter, which arises near Schlattstall in Lenningen. Both streams are fed from multiple sources at each edge of the valley. The villages are part of the district of Esslingen.
It flows through the municipalities of Lenningen, Owen, Dettingen unter Teck, Kirchheim unter Teck and Wendlingen am Neckar. Its principal tributary is the Lindach in Kirchheim. The Lauter flows into the Neckar at Wendlingen. It has a length of 27.5 km.
History.
The Celts already roamed the Lauter valley on their search for food. In ancient times, the Romans built a limes in the lowlands of the flood plain and a fort in Dettingen unter Teck for its protection.
Baden-Württemberg, Germany

</doc>
<doc id="31014903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014903" title="G.D.Birla Centre For Education">
G.D.Birla Centre For Education

G.D. Birla Centre for Education is an CISCE affiliated school in Kolkata. The youngest school in the Ashok Hall Group Of Schools, it was founded in 1973 and is named after Ghanshyam Das Birla. The school is located in Ranikuthi near Tollygunge. The school is reputed because of its academic and extra curricular records, among them being the fact that it is currently the only 'all-girls' marching band to take part in the annual republic day celebrations in Kolkata.
The school's principals in chronological order are Mrs. A. Chakraborty, Mrs. M. Sinha Roy, Mrs. B. Bhattacharyya, Mrs. D. Neogi and Mrs. S. Nath. The school's support staff is on duty throughout the day taking care of the school and its belongings. 
The school has three shifts stretching from 6.30 am to 6.30 pm.
Participation in the Ashok Hall Group's cultural event 'Spectrum' has also won them many accolades. Spectrum is held every 4th year. Many special guests have attended the event. The Spectrum which was held on 2005 had Gopal Krishna Gandhi, the then Governor of West Bengal as the chief guest. The last spectrum held in 2010, was graced by Shri Amitabh Bachchan as the guest of honour. The school takes a lot of initiative in preparing their students for cultural programmes.
The school boasts computer, biotech, physics, biology and chemistry laboratories as well as a library. Activities such as western and eastern dance, music, art and craft are encouraged and provided to the junior school students through links with BILAMS. Another subject of the school, Vedic chanting helps the students know more about God and helps them feel refreshed through chanting prayers. 

</doc>
<doc id="31014913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014913" title="ISIRI 6505">
ISIRI 6505

ISIRI 6505 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 1999/15/EC. It defines "Direction indicator lamps for motor vehicles and their trailers".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31014921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014921" title="Eugene Pechet">
Eugene Pechet

Eugene Pechet (January 7, 1917 – August 23, 2008) was a Canadian hotelier and banker. He bought his first hotel in 1942 and went on to build and operate 22 hotels throughout Western Canada and the United States.
Banking industry involvement.
With Charles Allard, Pechet also founded the Canadian Western Bank, formerly the Bank of Alberta. They started the bank with three employees working out of an office located in one of Mr. Pechet’s hotels. As of 2010, the CWB has total balance sheet assets of just under $12 billion, assets under administration of over $8 billion and assets under management approaching $1 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="31014923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014923" title="KSB West Sumbawa">
KSB West Sumbawa

KSB West Sumbawa or KSB Sumbawa Barat (while KSB stands for Kesebelasan Sumbawa Barat) is a football club based on West Sumbawa, West Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia. Now the club is known as Persatuan Sepakbola Sumbawa Barat (en: "Football Association of West Sumbawa") or simply PSSB. Currently the club played in the Liga Indonesia Premier Division.
History.
The club was founded in 1970. At 2011 the club successfully promoted from Liga Indonesia First Division to Liga Indonesia Premier Division. They get third place on the 2011–12 Liga Indonesia Premier Division (LI) first round and then advanced to the second round. The key player is Saddam Husain, West Sumbawa local player which is currently in the top 3 of goal scorer in the 2011–12 Liga Indonesia Premier Division.
Homebase.
KSB Sumbawa Barat homebased is in Gelora Turide Stadium, Mataram. Began the 2014 season the club will be back playing in his hometown in West Sumbawa after two seasons headquartered in the city of Mataram, it is because the completion of the construction of a new stadium with a capacity of 12,000 spectators in downtown West Sumbawa, the stadium was named Lalu Magaparang.
Supporter.
Laskar Undru Mania is the supporter of the club.
Sponsors.
PT. Bumi Resources Minerals Tbk. (2011–present)
Kit Suppliers.
SPECS (2011–2012)
Rivalries.
The club local rival is PS Mataram and Persisum Sumbawa.

</doc>
<doc id="31014931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014931" title="Tammy Schneider">
Tammy Schneider

Tammy Schneider (born November 12, 1982, in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian curler from Kronau, Saskatchewan. She previously played second for Amber Holland.
Career.
Juniors.
Schneider grew up in the small village of Kronau, Saskatchewan, outside of Regina. She and her sister and team mate Kim were the daughters of 1990 provincial champion lead Larry Schneider.
In 1998, Schneider won a silver medal at the Saskatchewan Winter Games. Schneider played in three Saskatchewan junior championships, but never won. In 2003, she was invited to play as the alternate for team Canada at the 2003 World Junior Curling Championships. Schneider played in just one match, but the team (skipped by Marliese Miller won a gold medal. In 2004 and 2005 she would play in the University national championships.
2004-2012.
After juniors, Schneider played for Cindy Street, playing in the 2004 and 2005 women's provincial championship. For the 2005/06 season Schneider would leave to play with Amber Holland.
In 2008, the team won their only Grand Slam event, the 2008 Players' Championships.
In 2009 the team would earn a spot in the Canadian Olympic Curling Trials, after defeating Marie-France Larouche in the C Qualifier. The team would finish round robin with a 4-3 record, tied for third place. They would lose the second tiebreaker to Krista McCarville in an extra end.
Together the team played in their first Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts in 2008 and again in 2009. They would not find success until the 2010 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts, when they would finally break through and represent Saskatchewan at the 2010 Scotties Tournament of Hearts. They would miss the playoffs, finishing with a 6-5 record. The team would repeat as Saskatchewan champions in 2011. At the 2011 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the team would finish round robin first with a 9-2 and advance to the playoffs. They would lose the 1-2 game to team Canada, before winning the semi-final, over team Ontario. In the final, they would again face team Canada (Jennifer Jones), and this time would come out victorious, stealing the win in the 10th end, winning the Canadian Championship. This was the first time since 1997, that a team from Saskatchewan would win the National Championship. Together the team would win a silver medal at the 2011 Capital One World Women's Curling Championship.
Returning to the Scotties in 2012, the team was looking to repeat and win their second Canadian Championship, however they would finish the tournament with a disappointing 6-5 round robin record, failing to reach the playoffs. This was the first time since 2008, Team Canada did not reach the playoffs.
After seven years of playing with her Canadian Championship winning team, Holland announced that she would leave her squad. Holland told her team she wants to go in another direction. Heather Kalenchuk has since decided to step away from the game for a few years, leaving Tammy and her sister Kim Schneider pondering their curling future. This departure by Holland left the four players ineligible for $72,000 worth of federal funding earned from winning the 2011 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, and they will forfeit their spot earned in the Olympic Curling Pre-Trials.
Personal life.
Schneider is an office manager for CCR Construction Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="31014942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014942" title="Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana">
Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana

Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY, literally "National Health Insurance Programme", Hindi: राष्ट्रीय स्वास्थ्य बीमा योजना) is a government-run health insurance scheme for the Indian poor. It provides for cashless insurance for hospitalisation in public as well private hospitals. The scheme started enrolling on April 1, 2008 and has been implemented in 25 states of India. A total of 36 million families have been enrolled as of February 2014. The RSBY is a project under the Ministry of Labour and Employment.
Every "below poverty line" (BPL) family holding a yellow ration card pays 30 (less than US$0.7) registration fee to get a biometric-enabled smart card containing their fingerprints and photographs. This enables them to receive inpatient medical care of up to 30,000 (approx US$670 as of March 2011) per family per year in any of the empanelled hospitals. Pre-existing illnesses are covered from day one, for head of household, spouse and up to three dependent children or parents.
In the Union Budget for 2012-13, the government made a total allocation of 1096.7 crore towards RSBY. Although meant to cover the entire BPL population,(about 37.2 per cent of the total Indian population according to the Tendulkar committee estimates) it had enrolled only around 10 per cent of the Indian population by March 31, 2011. Also, it is expected to cost the exchequer at least 3,350 crore a year to cover the entire BPL population.
The scheme has won plaudits from the World Bank, the UN and the ILO as one of the world's best health insurance schemes. Germany has shown interest in adopting the smart card based model for revamping its own social security system, the oldest in the world, by replacing its current, expensive, system of voucher based benefits for 2.5 million children. The Indo-German Social Security Programme, created as part of a co-operation pact between the two countries is guiding this collaboration.
One of the big changes that this scheme is bringing investments to unserved areas. Most of private investments in healthcare in India have been focused on tertiary or specialized care in urban areas. However, with RSBY coming in, the scenario is changing. New age companies like Glocal Healthcare Systems, a company based out of Kolkata and funded by Tier I Capital Funds like Sequoia Capital and Elevar Equity are setting up State of Art Hospitals in Semi Urban - rural settings. This trend can create the infrastructure that India's healthcare system desperately needs.

</doc>
<doc id="31014946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014946" title="Kathleen Pelham-Clinton, Duchess of Newcastle">
Kathleen Pelham-Clinton, Duchess of Newcastle

Kathleen Florence May Pelham-Clinton, Duchess of Newcastle OBE (1872 – 1 June 1955), was a well known conformation show judge and dog breeder who influenced the Borzoi and Wire Fox Terrier breeds.
Early life.
Born in 1872, the future Duchess was the daughter of Major Henry Augustus Candy by his marriage to Frances Kathleen Westenra, the daughter of Henry Robert Westenra, 3rd Baron Rossmore.
Marriage.
She married Henry Pelham-Clinton, 7th Duke of Newcastle, in 1899, with whom she shared several common interests. Both were interested in animals, with horses and dogs being their favourites. Prior to the marriage, Kathleen was already a judge and dog show exhibitor, primarily of Fox Terriers. The Duke knew of the Duchess's knowledge of dogs, and when a dealer attempted to sell him a spaniel he once said "It would not suit me to do that. Her Grace knows the market value just a bit too well to suit my fancy." The couple had no children.
Dogs and kennels.
Charles Henry Lane wrote in his 1902 work "Dog Shows and Doggy People" of the popularity of the Duchess of Newcastle amongst those involved in dog shows, being the "most popular of her sex" apart from the Queen. The book itself was dedicated to the Duchess, with an image of her as the frontispiece. The Duchess was involved in the breeding of several different dog breeds, including Borzois, Fox Terriers (both Smooth and Wire), Whippets, Scottish Deerhounds and Clumber Spaniels; the breed named after the ancestral home of the Dukes of Newcastle. She was a well known conformation show judge of the breeds she was involved with.
The Duchess was first introduced to dogs when her mother was given a Borzoi named Spain as a gift from the Spanish Marquis of Quandelmina. With no quarantine laws in the United Kingdom at the time, and with sufficient funds, she was able to build up a kennel of imported dogs, with the last dog imported before the quarantine started being Ch. Tsaretsa. Sixteen of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia's Borzois were brought to England to participate in Crufts in 1892, and although they were described as "badly constructed", the Duchess purchased Oudar, thought to be the best of the lot, for £200, a sum equivalent to £19,818 in 2010. 
She bred eight Borzoi champions and owned a further five. These included the Russian-bred Ch. Milka, who was the first bitch champion of the breed, and the first British bitch champion, Ch. Vikhra. Her dog Ch. Tsaretsa won 17 CCs, a record held until World War I. Ch. Tsaretsa was bred to Ch. Velsk, producing three champion dogs in a single litter. Her dog Ch. Podar of Notts was one of the most influential Borzois of all time, and the majority of modern dogs of the breed can be traced back to him in some way.
She became President of the Wire Fox Terrier Association between 1916 and 1919, remaining a member for the rest of her life. The Association considers her "of Notts" strain to be the foundation strain of the modern Wire Fox Terrier. The Duchess wrote of her work in breeding the Wire Fox Terrier, and this was published in 1928. Between 1900 and 1923, the Duchess bred twelve Wire Fox Terrier champions, the first being the highly influential Ch. Cackler of Notts who is considered to be an ancestor of every Wire Fox Terrier in the world. She judged the Best in Show class for the National Terrier Show in 1948, selecting the Wire Fox Terrier Ch. Arley Miss Quality as the winner. She also bred nine Smooth Fox Terriers, and purchased another two.
Later life and death.
Upon her death in 1955, the Duchess bequeathed a variety of cups and paintings to The Kennel Club, including an oil on canvas painting of a Borzoi by William Frank Calderon. She left her show dogs to her kennel man and her house dogs to her maid.

</doc>
<doc id="31014953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014953" title="Biston robustum">
Biston robustum

Biston robustum is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. This is a large moth and is known in its native range as the giant geometer moth. It is related, and generally similar, to the famous and widespread Peppered Moth.
The species is found in China (Shandong, Shaanxi, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Jiangxi), Taiwan, Japan, Russia, North Korea, South Korea and Vietnam.
This species has recently gained attention due to the discovery of its use of chemical mimicry to avoid predation by ants. The larva of this species, in common with many other geometrids, uses visual mimicry, strongly resembling a twig of its host plant. Recent studies have shown that it also uses chemical mimicry, storing chemicals from its food in its cuticle so that ants are largely unable to distinguish it from a twig, even after making contact with their highly sensitive antennae. Ants foraging for prey have been observed walking along the moth larvae, oblivious of their presence. Utilizing the chemicals directly from diet is advantageous as the larva will always be a chemical match to the plant it is actually feeding on (the species is highly polyphagous - see below). It has been predicted that, with further study, other species will also be shown use this form of defence.
Food plants.
The larvae of this species are polyphagous, feeding on a wide range of different plants including:

</doc>
<doc id="31014978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014978" title="St Mary's Church, Rickinghall Superior">
St Mary's Church, Rickinghall Superior

St Mary's Church, Rickinghall Superior, is a redundant Anglican church in the civil parish of Rickinghall Superior, in the village of Rickinghall, Suffolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. There are two churches serving the village of Rickinghall, both dedicated to St Mary, the other being an active parish church in the centre of the village in the parish of Rickinghall Inferior. St Mary's Church, Rickinghall Superior, stands to the south of the village, on the other side of the A143 road.
History.
The church dates from the 14th century. In the middle of the following century the nave was rebuilt, and the south porch was altered. The church was "thoroughly restored" in 1868 by W. C. Fawcett.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St Mary's is constructed in flint rubble with ashlar and brick dressings. The nave has a slate roof, and the roof of the chancel is tiled. Its plan consists of a wide four-bay nave without aisles, a narrower, lower and shorter chancel, a south porch and a west tower. The tower is in four stages with diagonal buttresses. On the west side, extending into both of the lower two stages, is a two-light arched window. In the third stage are quatrefoil openings on three of the sides. The top stage has two-light louvred bell openings on all sides. The parapet is embattled, with flushwork panels containing monograms and a variety of patterns. On the north and south sides are gargoyles. The nave stands on a decorated plinth, and contains four large three-light Perpendicular windows. The south porch is in two storeys. It has diagonal buttresses decorated with monograms. Above the entrance arch is a two-light window. In the east wall of the chancel is a three-light window dating from the 14th century; the north and south walls each contain two two-light 15th-century windows. Also on the south side is a low door.
Interior.
In the chancel is a 15th-century piscina and a sedilia. There is another piscina in the southeast of the nave. The font is octagonal and dates from the 14th century. There is a timber bier dated 1763 in the nave. On the tower wall are a benefactions board and two peal boards. There are fragments of 15th-century stained glass in one of the nave windows, and in one of the chancel windows. The stained glass in the east window dated 1868 is by O'Connor, and that in one of the chancel windows and in the tower west window is by Heaton, Butler and Bayne, dating from about 1875. There is a ring of six bells. Three of these were cast in 1712 by John Goldsmith, one by Thomas Newman in 1741, one by John Taylor and Company in 1850, and the last by Alfred Bowell in 1911.
External features.
In the churchyard are five structures to the north of the church that have been designated as Grade II listed buildings. They are the chest tomb of H. Elmy who died in 1738, a pair of headstones, also to members of the Elmy family, who died in 1743 and 1748, the chest tomb of J. Parson who died in 1811, a group of nine headstones to members of the Mills family with dates in the late 17th and 18th centuries, and a memorial to J. Smith and his wife Susanna who died in 1810 and 1838 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31014980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014980" title="MFC 29">
MFC 29

MFC 29: Conquer was a mixed martial arts event held by the Maximum Fighting Championship (MFC) on April 8, 2011 at the The Colosseum at Caesars Windsor in Windsor, Ontario. The event was broadcast on HDNet.
Background.
During the broadcast of MFC 28, owner Mark Pavelich announced that he had signed recently released UFC lightweight fighter Marcus Davis to appear on this card. Davis was expected to fight Kajan Johnson at this card, however Johnson pulled out with an injured shoulder. Davis ended up fighting Curtis Demarce.
MFC 29 is the only MFC event in which all bouts took place in a circular cage instead of their signature "ring". This was done in accordance with the regulations utilized in Ontario which requires all mixed martial arts fights to be held in a cage structure. The MFC held a "Name the Cage" fan contest with the winning entry receiving a trip for two to see the show, including premium tickets to the fights, airfare, ground transportation, hotel accommodations, pre-show and after-party. The new MFC cage was named "The Ring".

</doc>
<doc id="31014985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014985" title="ISIRI 6651">
ISIRI 6651

ISIRI 6651 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 97/30/EC. It defines "The end-outline marker lamps ,front position (side) lamps,rear position (side) lamps and stop lamps for motor vehicles and their trailers".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31014986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014986" title="Florida Attorney General election, 2002">
Florida Attorney General election, 2002

The 2002 Florida Attorney General election took place on November 5, 2002, to elect the Attorney General of Florida. The election was won by Charlie Crist who took office in January 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31014994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31014994" title="Supa Dupa Diva">
Supa Dupa Diva

"Supa Dupa Diva" is the debut mini-album by South Korean girl group Dal Shabet. "Supa Dupa Diva" was used as the lead single.
Release.
The official music video for "Supa Dupa Diva" was released on January 3, 2011. The physical mini-album was released hours later.
Promotions.
Promotions for "Supa Dupa Diva" began on January 6, 2011, on M! Countdown. 

</doc>
<doc id="31015008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015008" title="Murder of Heather Strong">
Murder of Heather Strong

In February 2009, Heather Strong was kidnapped and murdered in Marion County, Florida. Her killer, Emilia Lily Carr, was found guilty in December 2010 and sentenced to death by lethal injection in February 2011. Carr is one of five women on death row in the state of Florida. Another suspect, Joshua Fulgham, Strong's husband, was also convicted of first-degree murder and kidnapping in her death. He received two consecutive sentences of life in prison with a chance of parole.
Background.
Emilia Lily Carr was born Emilia , the second of three sisters. A psychologist estimated her IQ to be 125. At the age of 15, she reported abuse by her father to her school, but withdrew her statement to officials. In February 2004, Carr's father was convicted of attempting to solicit the murders of his family and was sentenced to four years in prison. Carr had been married twice and filed a restraining order against one of her ex-husbands for domestic violence. She was sentenced to two years of probation for her involvement in her ex-husband's grand theft of exotic birds. Carr had three children at the time, one of them with ex-boyfriend Jamie Acome.
In November 2008, Carr became engaged to Joshua Damien Fulgham, who instead married Heather Strong one month later. However, Carr maintained contact with them and babysat Strong's two children, according to Carr's family. In January 2009, Fulgham was arrested for threatening Strong with a shotgun, but was released after the charge of aggravated assault with a firearm was dropped. Investigators later discovered that Carr had threatened Strong with a knife to force her to withdraw her criminal complaint. Carr and Fulgham re-established their relationship while Strong began seeing someone else. Fulgham and Strong became involved in a legal battle over the custody of their two children.
Murder.
In February 2009, Heather Strong, then a 26-year-old resident of Citra, Florida, disappeared while employed at an Iron Skillet restaurant at a Petro gas station next to Interstate Route 75 in Reddick. She was reported missing on February 15. Her remains were discovered on March 19, in a shallow grave by a storage trailer in Boardman, near McIntosh, Florida. Carr was arrested on March 24, after investigators noted the frequency of her statements to authorities, ten in all without the presence of an attorney. Detectives also recorded undercover audio of Carr discussing details of the crime with Fulgham's sister. Carr, who at the time was seven months pregnant with Fulgham's child, tricked Strong into the storage trailer behind the home of Carr's mother Maria and placed a plastic bag over her head after unsuccessfully trying to break her neck. Strong eventually died of asphyxiation while bound by duct tape to a computer chair. Strong's estranged husband Joshua Fulgham was arrested on suspicion of fraud for using her credit cards after she had disappeared. Later in March 2009, Carr gave birth to her fourth child while in custody at Marion County Jail; Her family gained custody of her 3 children and her daughter by Fulgham has since been adopted. Carr provided a confession to investigators, but claimed that she had only done so in the hope of being reunited with her children.
Trials of Emilia Carr and Joshua Fulgham.
Emilia Carr and Joshua Fulgham waived their right to a speedy trial during their arraignment for murder in April 2009. Prosecutor Rock Hooker immediately filed notice of his intent to pursue the death penalty because of the heinous nature of the crime. In November 2009, State Circuit Judge Willard Pope declined Emilia Carr's request for a continuance of the trial because of her concerns over the preparedness of defense attorney Candace Hawthorne. A jury found Carr guilty of first-degree murder and kidnapping after two and a half hours of deliberations on December 7, 2010. During the penalty phase of the trial, Carr's family testified on her behalf that she had been traumatized since her early childhood by sexual abuse from her father and grandfather. However, the jury voted 7-to-5 on December 10 in favor of the death penalty for Carr. She was formally sentenced to death by lethal injection on February 22, 2011. 
More than a year after Carr's conviction for the murder of Heather Strong, her co-defendant Joshua Fulgham went on trial for his alleged participation in the murder in April 2012. Carr, on death row at the Lowell Correctional Institution Annex, would not testify at the trial. The prosecution detailed the gruesome aspects of the crime. Both the prosecution and Fulgham's defense attorneys agreed that the motives for Heather Strong's murder were jealousy and betrayal. At the conclusion of his trial, Fulgham was convicted of first-degree murder and kidnapping. Despite the death sentence of his co-defendant, Joshua's jury voted 8-to-4 to sentence him to life in prison with a chance of parole and the judge followed the jury's recommendation.
Carr was placed in the annex at Lowell Correctional Institution in Marion County on February 23, 2011. She is one of five women on death row in Florida, the other four being Tiffany Cole, Margaret Allen, Ana Marie Cardona and Tina Brown. Carr also became the first woman to be sentenced to death in Marion County since the 1992 sentencing of Aileen Wuornos.

</doc>
<doc id="31015030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015030" title="Exposition Internationale d'Anvers (1894)">
Exposition Internationale d'Anvers (1894)

Exposition Internationale d'Anvers was a World's Fair held in Antwerp, Belgium between 5 May and 5 November in 1894.
It covered , attracted 3 million visits and made a profit
Participating Nations.
There were several participating nations:
Germany,
Austria,
Bulgaria,
China,
Congo,
Denmark,
Spain,
USA,
United Kingdom,
Greece,
Hungary,
Italy,
Luxembourg,
Mexico,
Persia,
Portugal,
Kingdom of Romania,
Russia,
South African Republic,
Switzerland and the Ottoman Empire.
There was also a joint presence from Sweden and Norway.
As well as Netherlands itself there were presentations of the Dutch East Indies including Java, parts of Sumatra and Madura.
Fair officials.
The Count of Ursel was the Commissioner General and the Count of Pret Roose of Calesburg the President of the Executive Committee
See also.
http://www.slv.vic.gov.au/miscpics/0/0/6/doc/mp006678.shtml shows an engraving of the expo grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="31015046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015046" title="Heather Kalenchuk">
Heather Kalenchuk

Heather Mary Yvonne Kalenchuk (born March 14, 1984, in Edmonton, Alberta as Heather Seeley) is a Canadian curler from Regina, Saskatchewan. She previously played lead for Amber Holland.
Career.
Juniors.
In 2002 Kalenchuk won the provincial high school mixed championship. In 2003, 2004 and 2005, she played in the provincial junior championship, but did not win. In 2005 and 2007, Kalenchuk played at the University national championships.
2005-2012.
In 2008, the team won their only Grand Slam event, the 2008 Players' Championships.
In 2009 the team would earn a spot in the Canadian Olympic Curling Trials, after defeating Marie-France Larouche in the C Qualifier. The team would finish round robin with a 4-3 record, tied for third place. They would lose the second tiebreaker to Krista McCarville in an extra end.
Together the team played in their first Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts in 2008 and again in 2009. They would not find success until the 2010 Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts, when they would finally break through and represent Saskatchewan at the 2010 Scotties Tournament of Hearts. They would miss the playoffs, finishing with a 6-5 record. The team would repeat as Saskatchewan champions in 2011. At the 2011 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the team would finish round robin first with a 9-2 and advance to the playoffs. They would lose the 1-2 game to team Canada, before winning the semi-final, over team Ontario. In the final, they would again face team Canada (Jennifer Jones), and this time would come out victorious, stealing the win in the 10th end, winning the Canadian Championship. This was the first time since 1997, that a team from Saskatchewan would win the National Championship. Together the team would win a silver medal at the 2011 Capital One World Women's Curling Championship.
Returning to the Scotties in 2012, the team was looking to repeat and win their second Canadian Championship, however they would finish the tournament with a disappointing 6-5 round robin record, failing to reach the playoffs. This was the first time since 2008, Team Canada did not reach the playoffs.
After seven years of playing with her Canadian Championship winning team, Holland announced that she would leave her squad. Holland told her team she wants to go in another direction. Kalenchuk has since decided to step away from the game for a few years, leaving Kim Schneider and her sister Tammy Schneider pondering their curling future. This departure by Holland left the four players ineligible for $72,000 worth of federal funding earned from winning the 2011 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, and they will forfeit their spot earned in the Olympic Curling Pre-Trials.
Personal life.
Kalenchuk is a French Immersion High School Teacher at Archbishop M.C. O'Neill High School.

</doc>
<doc id="31015047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015047" title="ISIRI 6672">
ISIRI 6672

ISIRI 6672 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2009 based on Directive 76/761/EEC. It defines "motor vehicle headlamps which function as main-beam and/or dippedbeam headlamps and to incandescent electric filament lamps for such headlamps.".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31015058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015058" title="La falena (film)">
La falena (film)

La falena is a 1916 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. The film is considered to be lost, with only a fragment surviving in the film archive of the Cineteca Italiana.
Plot.
Thea (Borelli) is sculptor who is diagnosed with phthisis before she marries Filippo (Habay). After abandoning him, her health begins to decline. She organises a final party, inviting along her estranged husband. He fails to show, as he's now married to another woman. Thea appears naked in front of her guests, before she kills herself.

</doc>
<doc id="31015062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015062" title="Ancistrocladus tectorius">
Ancistrocladus tectorius

Ancistrocladus tectorius is a species in the monogeneric family Ancistrocladaceae found in China (Hainan), Cambodia, India (Andaman and Nicobar Islands), Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam. The Vietnamese name is "trung quan"; , "gou zhi teng". 
These are palaeotropical, climbing, twining plants, found in lowland to submontane, wet to seasonal evergreen tropical forests in valleys and on slopes from sea level to 1600 m. Good specimens can be found in Cát Tiên National Park, Đồng Nai Province, where leaves are used as roofing material by minority people.

</doc>
<doc id="31015070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015070" title="1971 European Amateur Boxing Championships">
1971 European Amateur Boxing Championships

The 1971 European Amateur Boxing Championships were held in Madrid, Spain from 11 June to 19 June. The 19th edition of the bi-annual competition was organised by the European governing body for amateur boxing, EABA. There were 194 fighters from 27 countries participating.

</doc>
<doc id="31015071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015071" title="The Voice (TV series)">
The Voice (TV series)

The Voice is a reality television singing competition franchise. It is based on the reality singing competition "The Voice of Holland", which was originally created by Dutch television producer John de Mol. Many other countries have adapted the format and began airing their own versions since 2011. It has become a rival to the "Idols" franchise, and "The X Factor".
History.
John de Mol, creator of "Big Brother", first created "The Voice" concept with Dutch singer Roel van Velzen. The show distinguishes itself as different from "The X Factor" and "Idols" as "The Voice" primarily focuses on singing ability and prowess of an artist alone. 
In September 17, 2010, "The Voice of Holland" began to air on RTL 4 with Angela Groothuizen, Roel van Velzen, Nick & Simon, and Jeroen van der Boom as the mentor-judges (dubbed as "coaches") of the show. The show proved to be an instant success in the Netherlands. 
The format was later sold to different countries.
Format.
Contestants are aspiring singers drawn from public auditions. The show's format features four stages of competition. The first is the blind auditions, in which the four coaches, all noteworthy recording artists, listen to the contestants in chairs facing opposite the stage so as to avoid seeing them. If a coach likes what they hear from that contestant, they press a button to rotate their chairs to signify that they are interested in working with that contestant. If more than one coach presses their button, the contestant chooses the coach he or she wants to work with. The blind auditions end when each coach has a set number of contestants to work with. Coaches will dedicate themselves to developing their singers mentally, musically and in some cases physically, giving them advice, and sharing the secrets of their success.
The contestants who successfully pass the blind auditions proceed to the battle rounds, where the coaches put two of their own team members against each other to sing the same song together in front of a studio audience. After the vocal face-off, the coach must choose only one to advance. If no specific winner can be identified the competition turns to a game of fate via a coin toss. In some versions, there are steals where opposing coaches can steal a contestant who was voted off by their own coach by pressing their button. As in the blind auditions, if more than one coach presses their button, the contestant chooses which coach they want. Each coach has a set number of steals (usually one or two).
In some versions, the winners of the battle rounds proceed to the knockout rounds. As in the battle rounds, coaches pit two of their own team members to compete against each other. This time, the contestants choose their own song to perform individually while the other watches and waits. After that, the coach chooses one to advance while the other is sent home. At the end of the knockout rounds, the strongest members of each coach's roster proceed to the live stage shows. In this final performance phase of the competition, the top contestants from each team compete against each other during a live broadcast. The television audience vote to save one contestant on each team, leaving the coach to decide on live television who they want to save and who will not move on. In the next round, the public chooses between the two artists left on each team, and the coach also has a vote that weighs equally with the public vote.
Finally, each coach will have his/her best contestant left standing to compete in the finals, singing an original song. From these four, one will be named "The Voice"—and will receive the grand prize of a recording contract.
In some versions, all contestants perform each week and only the public's vote determines which contestants advance in the competition, a format similar to both "Idol" and "The X Factor". This means that any contestant can be eliminated and no coach is guaranteed a spot in the finals.
One of the cornerstones of "The Voice" format is the social media participation via Twitter, Facebook and the especially designed platform "connect." Users are able to log in via their Facebook account and retrieve background information about the show. The platform also offers the possibility to stream the show online as well as to vote, interact with friends and to discuss various topics and questions asked by the producers throughout the show.
Versions.
Since the inception of "The Voice", the franchise had produced 103 winners. The recent winner is from "Hlas Česko Slovenska", Lenka Hrůzová. With "The Voice Kids", the franchise had produced 18 winners. The recent winner is from the German version, Danyiom Mesmer.

</doc>
<doc id="31015112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015112" title="2011 Malaysian Open – Singles">
2011 Malaysian Open – Singles

Alisa Kleybanova was the defending champion, but she lost to Michaëlla Krajicek in the second round.
Jelena Dokić claimed the title, defeating 5th seed Lucie Šafářová 2–6, 7–6(11–9), 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31015115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015115" title="Troy Wolverton">
Troy Wolverton

Troy Wolverton (born June 13, 1971) is an American journalist and the personal technology columnist for the San Jose Mercury News. He is an occasional commentator on news programs such as PBS' NewsHour. 
Prior to his current post, Wolverton was a senior writer for TheStreet.com and a writer for CNET. He began his career in journalism as a Web editor at the Mercury News.
Wolverton has a bachelor's degree in government from the University of Texas at Austin and a master's in journalism from the University of Missouri.
Professional.
Wolverton is a technology and business journalist who writes Tech Files, a weekly consumer technology column in the San Jose Mercury News. In addition to Tech Files, Wolverton writes articles about the digital home and certain cutting edge technologies. 
Previously, Wolverton covered Apple and the video game industry for the Mercury News and, before that, for TheStreet.com. He began his tenure at TheStreet as a retail and e-commerce reporter. During that time, he wrote a series of stories about eBay's use of stock options that won a Best in Business award from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers and was a finalist for a Loeb award. 
Wolverton joined TheStreet after working as an e-commerce reporter for CNET News.com.
Awards and honors.
Journalism awards:

</doc>
<doc id="31015116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015116" title="Ernst-Marcus Thomas">
Ernst-Marcus Thomas

Ernst-Marcus Thomas (Born March 23, 1973) is a German television host, radio DJ and journalist. He currently hosts the "Afternoon Show" on WDR 4 in Germany. 
Thomas has been standing in front of a camera mainly in live shows in Germany and Switzerland for the last 15 years; amongst others in the national entertainment show "ZDF Fernsehgarten". Prior to that, Thomas was the host of the daily TV cooking show "ARD Buffet" that airs Monday through Friday in Germany on the national TV channel ARD. 
He studied drama and psychology at the University of Munich and finished his studies with a Master of Arts. Additionally he followed an education as a newspaper editor at "Augsburger Allgemeine Zeitung".
Ernst-Marcus Thomas currently works as a communication trainer. With his company Charismedia, Thomas trains CEOs and Managers all over Europe and is - besides that - lecturer at the Zurich University of Applied Sciences and the ARD.ZDF.Media-Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="31015123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015123" title="Langanes Air Station">
Langanes Air Station

Langanes Air Station (ADC/NATO ID: H-2/H-2A) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located northeast of Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland. The new station (H-2A) was closed on 28 June 2006 as part of the closure of United States military facilities in Iceland.
History.
Langanes Air Station (H-2) was established in 1951, shortly after the return of United States military forces to Iceland. The site was operated by the 667th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, and was equipped with AN/FPS-3 and AN/FPS-20 radars.
The Greenland, Iceland and United Kingdom air defense sector, better known as the GIUK gap, was routinely utilized by the Soviet Union's long range heavy bombers and maritime reconnaissance platforms as a transit point towards the Atlantic Ocean. From bases located at Archangel and Murmansk, Soviet aircraft would stream down to the North Cape in Norway towards the Gap which was use as a doorway to the vast Atlantic. Most of the Soviet missions were destined to probe United States’ air defense along the North Atlantic and after 1960 in the Caribbean where Cuba, the USSR’s most important satellite state outside continental Europe, was located. Such was the perceived treat from the Soviet incursions that it became a priority for NATO to demonstrate to that the strategic Giuk passage would be monitored at all times. 
In January 1961, the H-2 search radar bubble was blown down during a storm. The site was closed as a radar base and the 667th AC&W Squadron was moved to Hofn Air Station (H-3), where it replaced the 933d Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron. (note: the original site was used for several years as a communications site and for submarine detection)
In 1992 "Langanes Air Station" was re-opened at a new site (H-2A) at Gunnolfvikursfjall, located a few miles to the southwest on a cliff along the coast. the 667th Air Control Squadron operated an AN/FPS-117v5 radar from that site until 2006, when the station was closed. 
The original H-2 site today is abandoned, long since left to the elements. Some foundations remain however the location is desolate and windswept. The AN/FPS-117 radar tower remains at the H-2A site, but it is presently unused.

</doc>
<doc id="31015126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015126" title="Fishing in Yemen">
Fishing in Yemen

The fishing industry in Yemen has considerable potential but is vastly under-exploited. In 1998, the fishing sector employed some 41,000 people, mainly family-owned businesses operating small vessels. In 1998, 127,000 tons of fish were caught in Yemen. Proximity to the havens of the Somali pirates has had a discouraging effect. 
Popular culture.
Paul Torday wrote a comic novel, "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen", about a westerner's commission to introduce salmon to the wadis of the Yemen highlands. The book was adapted into an eponymous film in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31015127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015127" title="The Voice (U.S. TV series)">
The Voice (U.S. TV series)

The Voice is an American reality television singing competition broadcast on NBC. Based on the original "The Voice of Holland", the concept of the series is to find new singing talent (solo or duets) contested by aspiring singers, age 15 or over, drawn from public auditions. The winner is determined by viewers by voting through telephone, Internet, SMS text, and iTunes Store purchases of artists' performances. They receive US$100,000 and a record deal with Universal Music Group for winning the competition. There have been six winners of the show to date: Javier Colon, Jermaine Paul, Cassadee Pope, Danielle Bradbery, Tessanne Chin, and Josh Kaufman.
"The Voice" began airing on April 26, 2011, as a spring TV season program. The show proved to be a hit for NBC and was subsequently expanded into the fall cycle when season three premiered on September 10, 2012. The series employs a panel of four coaches who critique the artists' performances. Each coach guides their teams of selected artists through the remainder of the season. They also compete to ensure that their act wins the competition, thus making them the winning coach. The original coaching panel consisted of Adam Levine, Blake Shelton, Christina Aguilera and CeeLo Green. Shakira and Usher took the places of Aguilera and Green in seasons four and six. Similarly, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani will assume Green and Aguilera's positions as coaches in season seven.
Conception.
An adaption of "The Voice of Holland", NBC announced the show under the name "The Voice of America" in December 2010; its name was soon shortened to "The Voice". In each season, the winner receives $100,000 and a record deal with Universal Republic Records (seasons 1 & 2), Universal Music Group (season 3–).
Coaches and hosts.
CeeLo Green of Gnarls Barkley and Adam Levine of Maroon 5 became the first confirmed coaches in February 2011, followed by Christina Aguilera and Blake Shelton in March. Aguilera and Green did not return for season four and were replaced by Shakira and Usher as substitute coaches. Aguilera and Green then returned for season five, while Shakira and Usher returned for season six respectively. In an interview with Ellen DeGeneres in February 2014, Green revealed that he will not be returning to "The Voice". On March 31, 2014, it was announced that Pharrell Williams would become Green's replacement. On April 19, 2014, it was announced that No Doubt's Gwen Stefani will replace Aguilera in season seven due to her pregnancy. On May 20, 2014, Shakira and Usher confirmed that after season six, they would focus on their music. However, they did not eliminate the possibility of returning.
Carson Daly has hosted the series since the inaugural season. Alison Haislip served as the original "backstage, online and social media correspondent" and was replaced by Christina Milian. Milian did not return for season five, due to her commitments as a contestant on season 17 of "Dancing with the Stars", at which point Daly assumed her duties as the social media correspondent.
Selection process and format.
Each season begins with the "Blind Auditions", where coaches form their team of artists (8 in season one, 12 in seasons two, four, five & six, and 16 in season three) whom they mentor through the remainder of the season. The coaches' chairs are faced towards the audience during artists' performances; those interested in an artist press their button, which turns their chair towards the artist and illuminates the bottom of the chair to read "I want you." At the conclusion of the performance, an artist either defaults to the only coach who turned around, or selects their coach if more than one coach expresses interest.
In the "Battle Rounds", each coach pairs two of his or her team members to perform together, then chooses one to advance in the competition. In each season, coaches are assisted by celebrity mentors that are different each season. A new element was added in season three; coaches were given two "steals", allowing each coach to select two individuals who were eliminated during a battle round by another coach.
The Knockout Rounds were also introduced in season three. A pair of artists within a team are selected to sing individual performances in succession. They are not told until a few minutes prior to their performances who their partner is. The artists get to choose their own songs in this round, although they continue to get help and advice from their respective coaches. At the conclusion of the performances, coaches would decide which one of each pair gets to advance to the next round. Just like in the battle rounds, the coaches can steal one eliminated artist from another coach starting with season five.
The "Battles, Round 2" were introduced to replace the Knockout Rounds in season six. Similar to the Knockout Rounds, each singer will be paired randomly within their team. One celebrity key adviser will also assist all four of the coaches and their teams in preparation of these rounds. Coaches give each Battle pairing a list of songs and each pair must agree on which song to sing. Each coach would still decide which of their singers in each pair will advance to the next round. The coaches will also be allowed one steal as well.
In the final live performance phase of the competition, artists perform in weekly shows, where public voting narrows to a final group of artists and eventually declares a winner. The coaches have the power to save one artist that had not received the public's vote that week. As of season two, these artists would give a last chance performance to win their coach's save. However, in deciding who moves on to the final four phase, the television audience and the coaches have equal say 50/50. With one team member remaining for each coach, the contestants compete against each other in the finale where the outcome is decided solely by public vote. In the first two seasons, one contestant from each team would advance to the final four. Due to the possibility of having multiple potential winners on the same team, eliminations were adjusted in season three to eliminate contestants who earned the lowest number of votes, thus not guaranteeing a coach a contestant in the (reduced) final three.
Voting system.
In a first for a music competition series, NBC and Universal Republic Records offered fans of the show the ability to vote for their favorite artists by purchasing the studio versions of the songs that they perform on the live show each week via the iTunes Store. Alternative methods of voting can be done through toll-free phone calls, text messaging (provided by Sprint), and through online votes via NBC.com and Facebook. Each method is limited to ten votes per user. Voting lasts for twelve hours after the live shows.
As of the top 12 results show of season three, producers made changes in the voting system with regards to iTunes singles purchases. Previous voting via iTunes purchases of contestant performances had previously only counted singly during the official voting window and only accredited to the live show in concern. If a competitor's performance charts within the Top 10 of the iTunes "Top 200 Singles Chart" during this window, it will be given an iTunes bonus that multiplies iTunes votes made in the 12-hour voting window by ten. Starting in season five, the iTunes bonus multiplier is now five for the studio versions of the songs performed by the competitors. The finale's vote count will include a 'Cumulative iTunes Vote Total' of all singles (from top 12 onwards) purchased during and outside of the various voting windows, with iTunes bonuses previously earned.
Only the studio recording of the contestants' performances, not the live performance, are available on iTunes. In the first season, the battle rounds were recorded in the studio with both artists in the pairing. However, from season two onwards, only the winner's version of the song from the battle round is released. With the introduction of the Knockout Rounds in season three, where each contestant sang a separate song, only the winner's single is released.
Also introduced in season five is the Instant Save. During the live elimination episodes, viewers are given a five minute window to vote for the contestants in danger of elimination by using their Twitter account to decide which contestant will move on to the next show starting with the Top 12.
Season synopses.
Season 1.
The first season of "The Voice" premiered on April 26, 2011, and concluded on June 29. The coaching panel consisted of Christina Aguilera, Cee Lo Green, Adam Levine, and Blake Shelton. Carson Daly and Alison Haislip respectively appeared as the host and social media correspondent. Contestant auditions were held in Chicago, New York, Miami, Nashville, Minneapolis, Austin, Los Angeles, and Seattle during January and February.
It delivered the highest 18–49 rating for a series premiere on a major broadcast network since "Undercover Boss" debuted after the Super Bowl in February 2010. It became the first new primetime series of the season (from ABC, CBS, NBC, or Fox) to increase in adults 18–49 and total viewers from its first week to its second. Owing to the strong performance of "The Voice", NBC offered expanded two-hour live episodes of the show beginning June 7, following "America's Got Talent", and added an additional results show.
Each coach was allowed to advance four contestants to the live shows:
Four contestants were advanced to the final round. Colon was announced as the winner of the season, while Frampton was declared the runner-up. Third and fourth places were a draw between McClellan and Martinez.
Season 2.
The second season of "The Voice" premiered on February 5, 2012 as the lead-out program after Super Bowl XLVI; it concluded on May 8. The original coaching panel remained intact, while Haislip was replaced by Christina Milian as the social media correspondent. Its regular time slot held a 6.7 rating, 17 share in adults 18–49, 17.8 million viewers overall and winning every half-hour in adults 18–49, adults 18–34, adults 25–54 and total viewers versus first-run competition on ABC, CBS, Fox and CW. The shows' continued premiere on Monday delivered NBC's highest 18–49 rating in this time period, excluding Olympics, in nearly eight years (since February 16, 2004) and the network's biggest overall non-Olympic viewership in the slot since January 15, 2007. That season, Kia Motors, Sprint and Starbucks became the official sponsors of "The Voice".
Each coach was allowed to advance six contestants to the live shows:
Four contestants were advanced to the final round. Paul was announced as the winner of the season, while Simms was declared the runner-up. Lucca and Mann placed third and fourth, respectively.
Season 3.
The third season of "The Voice" premiered on September 10, 2012, and concluded on December 18. All personnel returned from the previous season.
Each coach was allowed to advance five contestants to the live shows:
Three contestants were advanced to the final round. Pope was announced as the winner of the season, while McDermott and David placed second and third, respectively.
Season 4.
The fourth season of "The Voice" premiered on March 25, 2013, and concluded on June 18. The coaching panel was modified for the first time in the series' history, with Shakira and Usher replacing Aguilera and Green during their hiatuses from the program. Daly and Milian continued appearing for their respective positions. 13.64 million viewers tuned in, up from last season by 1.36 million viewers.
Each coach was allowed to advance four contestants to the live shows:
Three contestants were advanced to the final round. Bradbery was announced as the winner of the season, while Chamuel and The Swon Brothers placed second and third, respectively.
Season 5.
The fifth season of "The Voice" premiered on September 23, 2013, and concluded on December 18. The original coaching panel was reinstated with the returns of Green and Aguilera which was promoted with an advertisement featuring the coaches' cover version of "Reunited" by Peaches & Herb. However, Milian left her position as the social media correspondent before production began, at which point Daly assumed her former duties.
Each coach was allowed to advance five contestants to the live shows:
Three contestants were advanced to the final round. Chin was announced as the winner of the season, while Lee and Champlin placed second and third, respectively.
Season 6.
The sixth season of "The Voice" premiered on February 24, 2014. After four seasons, Green departed the show and Aguilera took a hiatus. Shakira and Usher then returned to join Levine and Shelton as coaches, and Daly returned as host. New to this season were the replacement of the Knockout Round with the "Battles, Round 2" as well as the elimination of the live interactive component of the Playoffs.
Each coach was allowed to advance three contestants to the live shows:
Three contestants were advanced to the final round. Kaufman was announced as the winner of the season, while Worthington and Grimmie placed second and third, respectively.
Season 7.
The seventh season of "The Voice" is scheduled for Fall 2014. Levine and Shelton will return as coaches, with Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani completing the panel.
Reception.
Ratings.
The first season premiered strong at 11.78 million viewers, and actually grew upon that audience through its first season. In the 18–49 demographic, the show constantly found itself in the top 5. For its average season rating, the show landed itself as No. 20 with total viewers at nearly 12 million viewers. In the 18–49 rankings, the show was No. 4 at a 5.4 ranking.
The second season premiered on Super Bowl Sunday, February 5, 2012, and for a while managed to keep a 6.0 in the adults 18–49 demographic and 17 million viewers. Partnering "The Voice" with "Smash" (NBC's musical drama) helped NBC win the Monday night ratings. However, by Monday, April 9, the ratings had fallen to a 4.0 rating in the adult 18–49 demographic.
The third season premiered on Monday, September 10, 2012 to 12.28 million viewers and a 4.2 rating in the 18–49 demographic and has since then grown to a season high 4.8 rating in the 18–49 demographic on October 8, October 15 and 29, 2012 and a 4.9 rating in the finale. "The Voice", along with NBC's new drama, "Revolution" has once again led NBC to win every Monday night of the season so far, just like it did last season. On Tuesdays, comedies "Go On" and "The New Normal" have been successful thanks to "The Voice", leading NBC to be the only network of the "Big 5" to grow in ratings from last season.
The fourth season premiered on Monday, March 25, 2013 to a 13.64 million viewer audience, scoring a 4.8 in the 18–49 demographic but fell back to a 12.41 million viewer audience. In the 18–49 demographic, this first episode had a 4.1 score.
The fifth season premiered on Monday, September 23, 2013 scoring 14.98 million viewers and a 5.1 in the 18–49 demographic.
The sixth season premiered on February 24, 2014 and was watched by 15.74 million viewers with a 4.7 rating in the 18–49 demographic. It was up from last season's premiere by .76 million viewers.
† Including an episode that aired after a live broadcast of the Super Bowl:
"La Voz Kids".
In 2013, American Spanish-language network Telemundo (a subsidiary of NBCUniversal Television Group) introduced a children's version of "The Voice" in Spanish called "La Voz Kids". It featured contestants, ages 7 to 15. Prizes include $50,000 cash for their education and a recording contract with Universal Music Group. The show debuted on May 5, 2013, and is hosted by Jorge Bernal (from "¡Suelta La Sopa!") and Daisy Fuentes. The coaches in season one were Prince Royce, Paulina Rubio, and Roberto Tapia. The first season aired 13 episodes with the season finale airing on July 28, 2013.
Season two saw Natalia Jiménez replace Paulina Rubio as one of the coaches. The other coaches and hosts remained the same.
"The Voice: Kids".
It was confirmed that NBC would follow Telemundo and do a children's version of the show in early 2015. and confirmed coach Travie McCoy. It was later rumored that Cher Lloyd or Hayley Williams would join the show. It was later confirmed that Benn Zarin McCord & Cee Lo Green would join as coaches. It was later confirmed that they in fact would both join the show. Jewel was confirmed as a last minute coach because she had a contract with NBC meaning she would have to judge at least the first series of the show, although producers did not want her as coach feeling she was not current enough. Cee Lo Green confirmed that Rihanna was originally in talks. it was reported that the court ruled that Jewel would have to judge due to her pending unfulfilled contract with the network. 
Broadcast.
The show premiered in Canada on April 26, 2011 on CTV. In Asia, the series aired on August 21, 2011 on AXN. It premiered in New Zealand on July 16, 2011 on TV2, Australia on August 9, 2011 on Go!, South Africa on October 5, 2011 on SABC 3, and in Ireland on January 8, 2012 on RTÉ One. It eventually aired in the United Kingdom on March 24, 2012 on BBC One and on March 31, 2012 in the Philippines on Studio 23. Subsequently, RTÉ and BBC moved on to produce their own versions of "The Voice".

</doc>
<doc id="31015131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015131" title="Utricularia spinomarginata">
Utricularia spinomarginata

Utricularia spinomarginata is a terrestrial lithophytic carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus "Utricularia". It is endemic to the northern Thailand province of Phitsanulok on Phu Soi Dao, where it is only known from the type locality. It grows on wet cliffs at altitudes around . "Utricularia spinomarginata" is easily distinguished from other members of section "Phyllaria" by its deeply dissected yellow-white to pink-white 5-lobed corollas and the marginal spine-like hairs on the obovoid seeds. It has been found growing in the presence of "U. phusoidaoensis". It was first formally described by Piyakaset Suksathan (of the Queen Sirikit Botanic Garden) and John Adrian Naicker Parnell (of Trinity College, Dublin) in 2010 from collections made by Suksathan in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31015143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015143" title="UKW – UK Wrestling Experience">
UKW – UK Wrestling Experience

UKW – UK Wrestling Experience is a professional wrestling promotion based in Wakefield, United Kingdom, founded in 2008. Its weekly television program, "UK Wrestling Experience: Mayhem" is currently broadcast on My Channel (Sky Channel 203) every Thursday at 8pm, with replays broadcasting on Sundays at 8.30pm.
Company history.
Jonathan Sedgwick and Gillian Flowers formed UKW in February 2008, after running "The Squared Circle Wrestling Store" (2007–present) for the previous 12 months. There appears to be some ambiguity regarding the role played by both Flowers and Sedgwick in the formation of the company. However, it is highly likely that both played some role in its formation, even though the exact extent of each is unclear.
Jonathan Sedgwick was a pro' wrestling fan as a child. After leaving school, he completed a Household Electrical Course at Loxley College. As the job market for his trade had dried up, however, Jonathan sought out a new career. He eventually settled into the mobility industry, selling, servicing and repairing many types of mobility equipment. In October 2002, Jonathan and his father started their own mobility company, which is still in operation. But, it wasn't until 2007 when Jonathan and his new business partner, Gillian Flowers, began "The Squared Circle Wrestling Store", specialising in wrestling merchandise, that he finally stepped into the wrestling business. In February 2008, UKW debuted.
In July 2009, UKW opened the doors to the only full-time Wrestling Academy in the county of West Yorkshire. Since then, a number of events predominantly featuring graduates of the academy have been hosted under the title of "Academy Wars".
UKW often host their events, including TV tapings, at the "UKW Thunderdome" in Horbury Bridge, Wakefield. However, events have also taken place in nearby Ossett and even in the Blackpool Tower, Blackpool. The talent roster for events often includes homegrown UKW talent, in addition to popular talent from around the United Kingdom, such as former three times UKW tag team champion Sheik Abdul Hassan and Prince Ameen, and a couple of international stars per show. The British Bash with stars davey boy smith jr, dynamite dan and dynamite doll are coming down
Production.
Previously, the opening theme song on "UK Wrestling Mayhem" was "Shakedown" by Kiss Kiss Bill, which was heard on the television programme from 3 February 2011. A brand new theme song has since been written by the band "Broken" which was released as a single at the "Wrestlebration 3" event, a 3 day live event on July 15, 16 and 17th at the Ossett Albion Football Club.

</doc>
<doc id="31015146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015146" title="Malombra (1917 film)">
Malombra (1917 film)

Malombra is a 1917 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. The film was shown as part of the Silent Divas of the Italian Cinema programme at the 38th New York Film Festival in 2000. It is an adaptation of the 1881 novel "Malombra" by Antonio Fogazzaro, which was later adapted into a 1942 film of the same name.
Plot.
Marina di Malombra (Borelli) lives in a castle prior to her wedding. She begins to read letters written by an ancestor called Cecilia. She finds out that Cecilia was driven to her death by her uncle. Marina identifies with Cecilia and take revenge on her behalf by murdering her uncle. After she has done this, Marina commits suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="31015165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015165" title="Railways of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Railways of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

Željeznice Federacije Bosne i Hercegovine (ŽFBH) is the railway company of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is one of the two rail companies of Bosnia and Herzegovina (the other is the ŽRS, operating in the Republika Srpska). The company operates 608 km of railroad.
Overview.
The company, public and owned by the government of the Federation, was founded in 2001 by the fusion of some public enterprises with the company ŽHB (Željeznice Herceg-Bosne). The network is 601 km long, out of which 392 km is electrified and is built in standard gauge. After extensive rehabilitation, more than 85 percent of the network is now classified as D4 in terms of UIC load categories, allowing maximum loads of 22.5 tons per axle, or 8.0 tons per linear meter.
Basic activity:
Public transport of passengers in domestic and international rail traffic, public transport of cargo via domestic and international rail transport and combined transport; maintenance, reconstruction, modernisation, construction of wagon stock and other equipment necessary for offering of transport services; maintenance, remont, modernisation and development of railway infrastructure; organisation and safety of railway transport.

</doc>
<doc id="31015175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015175" title="The miller, his son and the donkey">
The miller, his son and the donkey

The miller, his son and the donkey is a widely dispersed fable, number 721 in the Perry Index. Though it may have ancient analogues, the earliest extant version is in the work of the 13th-century Arab writer Ibn Said. There are many eastern versions of the tale and in Europe it was included in a number of Mediaeval collections. Since then it has been frequently included in collections of Aesop's fables as well as the influential "Fables" of Jean de la Fontaine.
The fable.
The basic situation in this fable is of a man and his son who are accompanied by their donkey and meet constant criticism from passers by of the way it is used or treated by them. The story's purpose is to show that everyone has their own opinion and there is no way one can satisfy all. There are four or five different elements to the story that are ordered differently according to version. When both walk beside the donkey they are criticised for not riding it. When the father rides, he is blamed for making his young son walk; when the son rides, he is blamed for leaving his elderly father on foot. When both ride, they are berated for overburdening their beast. In later versions the father then exclaims that the only option left is to carry the donkey on his back; in others he does so, or father and son tie the donkey to a pole which they carry on their shoulders. This action causes general mirth and has an unhappy outcome, resulting in the donkey's death through one cause or another.
History.
Although there is no ancient source for the tale, there may be some link with a dialogue in Aristophanes' "The Frogs", produced in 405 BC. Dionysos is talking to his slave Xanthias, who is riding on a donkey but also carrying a burden himself. Xanthias says the donkey is no help with that weight on his shoulders. "All right, then," answers Dionysos, "Since you claim the donkey’s useless to you, why not take your turn and carry it?"
Eastern.
The oldest documented occurrence of the actual story is in the work of the historian, geographer and poet Ibn Said (1213-1286), born and educated in Al-Andalus.
There are many versions of the tale in the East. It occurs in the "Forty Vezirs" translated from Arabic into Turkish by Sheykh Zada in the early 17th century, summarised as:
The story occurs in the Mulla Nasreddin corpus, where it is the Mulla and his son who are subject to the advice and comments of passers-by. After the experience is over, the Mulla advises his son:
Many Nasreddin tales are also told of Goha in the Arab world, and sure enough, Goha features in a similar story, popular as a subject for the patchwork story cloths of the tentmakers of the Street of Tentmakers (Sharia al Khiyamiya) in Cairo. The story is framed as a deliberate lesson on the part of the father. As Sarah Gauch comments in "The adventures of Goha, the Wise Fool", a book illustrated with the tentmakers' creations, "every tentmaker has a Goha... but whatever the Goha, it seems the favourite story is the tale 'Goha Gives His Son a Lesson About Life'."
European.
In Mediaeval Europe it is found from the 13th century on in collections of parables created for inclusion in sermons, of which Jacques de Vitry's "Tabula exemplorum" is the earliest. Among collections of fables in European tongues, it makes its earliest appearance in the Castilian of Don Juan Manuel. Titled "What happened to a good Man and his Son, leading a beast to market" (story 23), it is included in his "Tales of Count Lucanor" (1335). Here it is the son who is so infirm of will that he is guided by the criticisms of others along the road until the father expostulates with him that they have run out of alternatives. The moral given is:
In this version the episode of the two carrying the ass is absent, but it appears in Poggio Bracciolini's "Facetiae" (1450), where the story is related as one that a papal secretary has heard and seen depicted in Germany. The miller and his son are on the way to sell the ass at market but finally the father is so frustrated by the constant criticism that he throws the ass into the river. The same story is told among the "100 Fables" ("Fabulae Centum") of Gabriele Faerno (1564) and as the opening poem in Giovanni Maria Verdizotti's "Cento favole morali" (1570). It also appeared in English in "Merry Tales and Quick Answers or Shakespeare's Jest Book" (c.1530) with the same ending of the old man throwing the ass into the water.
A slightly later version by the German meistersinger Hans Sachs was created as a broadsheet in 1531. In his retelling a man is asked by his son why they are living secluded in the woods and replies that it is because there is no pleasing anyone in the world. When the son wishes to test this, they set off with their ass and meet criticism whatever they do. Finally they beat the ass to death, are criticised for that too and retreat back into the forest. In drawing the lesson that one should stick to one's decisions despite what the world says, Sachs refers to the story as an 'old fable', although it is obviously not the one with which Poggio's fellow secretary was acquainted. The Latin version created in Germany by Joachim Camerarius under the title "Asinus Vulgi" ("The public ass") follows the standard story with the single variation that father and son throw the ass over a bridge when they reach it. It is this version too that the Dane Niels Heldvad (1563-1634) used for his translation of the fable.
When Jean de La Fontaine included the tale in his work ("Fables" III.1, 1668), he related that it had been told by the poet François de Malherbe to his indecisive disciple Honorat de Bueil, seigneur de Racan. The order of the episodes are radically altered, however, and the story begins with the father and son carrying the ass between them so that it will arrive fresh for sale at market. The laughter of bystanders causes him to set it free and subsequent remarks have them changing places until the miller loses patience and decides he will only suit himself in future, for "Doubt not but tongues will have their talk" whatever the circumstances. Earlier on he had reflected that 'He's mad who hopes to please the whole world and his brother'. Robert Dodsley draws the same conclusion in his version of 1764: 'there cannot be a more fruitless attempt than to endeavour to please all mankind', a sentiment shortened by later authors to 'there's no pleasing everyone'.
The applied and decorative arts.
The fable has been illustrated in a number of connections, including on a 1960 Hungarian postage stamp. In around 1800, a composite version of the episodes in the tale appeared as a design for printed cotton fabric in France and in 1817 Hippolyte Lecomte designed a lithograph of the fable suitable to be displayed in people's homes. Later in the 19th century it was the subject of cards issued by the Liebig meat extract company and Guérin Boutron chocolates. An educational postcard was also issued with the text on the back. Elsewhere, the American Encaustic Tiling Company of Zanesville, Ohio, produced in 1890 a series of printed decal tiles taken directly from the original plates of Walter Crane's "Baby’s Own Aesop". The fable was one of these and featured a composite design of its episodes.
At the start of the 18th century, French artist Claude Gillot produced a coloured drawing of father and son riding side by side on the donkey. In 1835 it is recorded that the French Baron Bastien Felix Feuillet de Conches, a collector and great enthusiast of La Fontaine’s fables, got a colleague to commission a miniature of this and other fables from the Punjabi court painter Imam Bakhsh Lahori. The composite design shows the group positioned sideways along a street of handsome Indian buildings. It is now on exhibition at the Musée Jean de La Fontaine at Château-Thierry, as well as Hortense Haudebourt-Lescot's oil painting of the father riding through the town with the son holding onto the bridle. Other minor artists who painted the subject were Jules Salles-Wagner (1814-1900), Jules-Joseph Meynier (1826-1903) and Emile Louis Foubert (1848-1911).
Some artists painted more than one version of episodes from the fable. One was Honoré Daumier, whose painting of 1849/50 is now in the Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum. This shows a group of three women turning back to mock the miller and son as they cross the end of the street; but another version has them watched by a woman and her children as they take the road round the edge of the town. Another such artist was the American Symbolist painter Elihu Vedder, whose nine scenes from the story (dating from 1867/8) are in the Metropolitan Museum of Art and follow the donkey's course through an Italian hill town until it topples over a bridge into a ravine. European Symbolist painters who treated the subject include the French Gustave Moreau, who made it part of a set of watercolours dedicated to La Fontaine's fables, and the Swiss Ferdinand Hodler (1853-1918). In the 20th century there has been an etching by Marc Chagall and a coloured woodcut by André Planson (1898-1981).

</doc>
<doc id="31015180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015180" title="F-1 (satellite)">
F-1 (satellite)

F-1 is a 1U CubeSat built by FSpace laboratory at FPT University in Vietnam, in partnership with Angstrom Space Technology Center (ASTC), Uppsala University and NanoRacks LLC. Its mission is to train young engineers and students about aerospace engineering and evaluate an advanced 3-axis magnetometer (SDTM) designed in Sweden by ASTC.
F-1 was launched on 21 July 2012 and delivered to International Space Station (ISS) aboard Kounotori 3 along with the Raiko, We Wish, Niwaka and TechEdSat cubesats. Then, on October 4, 2012, it was deployed into orbit from ISS using JEM Small Satellite Orbital Deployer (J-SSOD) which was attached to the Kibo module's robotic arm.
As of November 2, 2012, F-1 failed to confirm communication after the orbital deployment.
F-1, We-Wish, Raiko, FITSat 1, and TechEdSat travelled to orbit aboard HTV-3.
Communication Subsystem and Packet Format.
1. Backup UHF channel (only operational in daylight):
Pulse-Width-Modulation Morse code telemetry beacon
2. Main VHF channel (operational during night time but may be turned on in daylight later)
F-1’s KISS packet format
Note:

</doc>
<doc id="31015196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015196" title="AIQ">
AIQ

AIQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31015198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015198" title="List of fictional people of the Three Kingdoms">
List of fictional people of the Three Kingdoms

The following is a list of fictional people significant to the Three Kingdoms period (220–280) in Chinese history. The list includes mainly characters in Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" and those found in other cultural references to the Three Kingdoms.

</doc>
<doc id="31015207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015207" title="Audioprosthology">
Audioprosthology

Audioprosthology (ACA) is a term used to refer to the profession of the fitting of a hearing aid, or auditory prosthesis. An audioprosthologist is defined as “a aid-fitting specialist who has completed a course in audioprosthology.” This term was adopted by a group of hearing instrument specialists and an organization named the International Hearing Society (IHS). 
Definition.
The roots of the term make its definition self-explanatory: audio for hearing, prosthetic for device, and ology for science. “Audio” as used in both “audiology” and “audioprosthology,” is clearly a derivation from the Latin term “audire,” which means “to hear,” and is commonly used in numerous other English words that are related in varying ways to hearing and sound. Audioprosthology was originally formed by the International Hearing Society (IHS). 
Audioprosthologists, Audiologists, and Hearing Instrument Specialists all provide services and testing for the hearing impaired. All are required from each individual state to pass certain requirements and regulations, most of which the same practical exam must be taken by Audioprosthologists, Audiologists and Hearing Instrument Specialists. Only Doctors of Audiology can diagnose hearing loss.
Origins.
Founded in 1976 by Harold Williams, EdD, and Robert Briskey, the ACA program was developed in response to a need for advanced training for hearing instrument specialists. The name was believed to be an accurate description of the course of study – the application of prostheses, that is hearing aids, to ameliorate auditory impairments. The first graduates of the program in 1978 realized the benefits of the coursework immediately and recommended that the ACA program be offered nationwide.
In 1993 the International Hearing Society (IHS) assumed control of the curriculum and applied to the American Council on Education (ACE) for an assessment of the program’s university credit equivalence. ACE determined that completion of the ACA course of study was the equivalent of 15 upper level baccalaureate semester credits. That equivalency meant that colleges and universities that recognized the ACE credit-equivalence paradigm would accept those 15 credits toward an undergraduate degree. The ACA program was launched at sites across the U.S. and continues to be offered today.
Hearing aid specialists have typically learned their profession through an apprenticeship in that they’re trained and supervised by another licensed individual. When qualified they take their state’s examination, and upon passing, they’re granted a license to practice. This apprenticeship provides them with the skill set necessary for entry level, safe practice. The original intent of the ACA Program was to provide current practitioners with the scientific foundation for their vocation, thus taking them to an advanced practice designation through formal coursework, laboratory exercises, and summative examinations.
Purpose.
The ACA Program is an opportunity for adult learners to supplement their skill set with the knowledge and theoretical background that could move them to a higher level of proficiency and professionalism, that is, to an advanced practice status. The use of the term audioprosthologist is a privilege of successful completion of the course of study. An individual must complete and pass a 13-month course and a subsequent practicum prior to being granted this privilege. 
The intent of the American Council on Education (ACE) process was to provide an opportunity for practitioners to gain access to a college degree through lifelong learning and workplace skills. The ACA Program has been determined to be equivalent to 15 semester hours of upper level baccalaureate credit by the ACE College Credit Recommendation Service. ACE will only evaluate courses of study that are comparable to the learning offered at the college level in terms of course content, learning methods, and assessment procedures. Over 1800 academic institutions accept the ACE credit recommendations. In the field of hearing instrument sciences, Spokane Falls Community College has provided advanced standing for ACA graduates, have accepted all ACA credits, and have granted an automatic one-third fulfillment toward the requirements for the two-year associate's degree in hearing instrument sciences.
The ACA Program embraces the concept that working adults should have access to academic credit for formal courses and examinations taken outside traditional degree programs with 100% relevance to their chosen careers. Institutions of higher learning embrace these non-traditional approaches because they facilitate adult learners in earning undergraduate degrees. The ACA Program has been embraced by hearing instrument specialists because it provides an opportunity for them to achieve an advanced practice status, and a few have gone on to use this experience for college credit.
Course of Study.
The ACA educational program contains five courses structured to conform to a semester-hour format common to universities. Each of the five courses is held over three two-day sessions (weekends) for a total of 42 classroom hours per course. The core faculty consists of individuals with extensive knowledge and experience in the academic and/or business world. It is the core faculty’s responsibility to teach the courses in the ACA program, evaluate student performance and attainment of learning objectives, make suggestions about additional faculty, periodically review curriculum, and make recommendations for curriculum revisions in light of new knowledge, methodologies, and advancements in hearing aid engineering.
Students are required to attend all classes and complete all class assignments with a grade of 70% or better. Failure requires that the course be repeated. Official transcripts are available to each student who completes the ACA through the ACE Transcript Services in Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="31015208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015208" title="Lew Bradford">
Lew Bradford

Lew Bradford (24 December 1916 – 1984) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half.
Career.
Born in Swadlincote, Bradford played for Preston North End, Kilmarnock, Bradford City and Newport County, making a total of 97 league appearances.
He later played non-league football for Trowbridge Town.

</doc>
<doc id="31015209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015209" title="Journal of Power Sources">
Journal of Power Sources

The Journal of Power Sources is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of electrochemical energy conversion (like fuel cells, batteries, supercapacitors). The current editors-in-chief are C. K. Dyer, D. Rand, Z. Ogumi, B. Scrosati and P. Moseley. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 4.951.

</doc>
<doc id="31015213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015213" title="Amleto Novelli">
Amleto Novelli

Amleto Novelli (18 October 1885 – 16 April 1924) was an Italian film actor of the silent era. He appeared in 110 films between 1909 and 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="31015217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015217" title="Debits and credits (disambiguation)">
Debits and credits (disambiguation)

Debits and credits are formal bookkeeping concepts, fundamental to any accounting system.
Debits and credits may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31015241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015241" title="Sea Level (album)">
Sea Level (album)

Sea Level is the 1977 eponymous debut album by Sea Level and was released on the Capricorn Records label.
Personnel.
Source: Sea Level "Sea Level" album cover

</doc>
<doc id="31015246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015246" title="U5 (Frankfurt U-Bahn)">
U5 (Frankfurt U-Bahn)

The U5 is a line on the Frankfurt U-Bahn. At the time of the line's inauguration in 1974, it ran from the central railway station to the Konstablerwache and then continued along the Eckenheimer Landstrasse all the way up to Preungesheim. After Konstablerwache the line is running above the ground towards Preungesheim.

</doc>
<doc id="31015259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015259" title="2011–12 Buffalo Sabres season">
2011–12 Buffalo Sabres season

The 2011–12 Buffalo Sabres season was the 42nd season of operation (41st season of play) for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on May 22, 1970. Their season began October 7, 2011 against the Anaheim Ducks in Helsinki, Finland. In Helsinki the team named Jason Pominville the 13th full-time captain in team history. Pominville filled the vacancy left by Craig Rivet who was claimed via waivers by the Columbus Blue Jackets during the previous season.
Off-season.
The Sabres signed several free agents. This was due to the new ownership giving permission to the managing staff to bid for free agents. The previous ownership allowed free agents to leave rather than pay for free agent contracts. The Sabres home also underwent a makeover. The interior of the arena was painted Sabres colors, blue and gold. The players locker rooms also received an extensive multi-million dollar upgrade. The naming right were transferred from HSBC to First Niagara Bank and the arena took on the name First Niagara Center.
Regular season.
The Sabres participated in the 2011 NHL Premiere, playing their first two regular season games in Europe. After a 2–0 start in Europe the Sabres returned home and continued to play well. They had a record of 10–5 going into a November 12 game against the Boston Bruins. In the 1st period of the game Ryan Miller left his crease to play a puck and was hit by the Bruins Milan Lucic. Miller suffered a concussion and neck injury on the hit and would go on to miss nine games. Lucic was penalized for charging on the play but was not suspended or fined by the league. During the middle part of the season injuries plagued the team. By the All Star break the Sabres sat in 14th place in the Eastern Conference and had 225 man games lost to injury. Jason Pominville was the only Sabre named to the All-Star Game roster. Luke Adam was one of twelve rookies selected to participate in the All-Star Skills Competition.
During the 33 game stretch from the Bruins game November 12 to January 24 the Sabres had a record of 9–19–5. The poor play included a team record 12 game road losing streak and a run of 5 consecutive regulation loses on a single road trip.
Things then began to turn around with a shootout win at the New Jersey Devils January 24, the final game before the All-Star break. The Sabres then went on an 18–5–5 run going from 14th in the Eastern Conference back into the 8th and final playoff position on March 24 with a 3–1 win at home against the Minnesota Wild. On March 27 the Sabres faced the Washington Capitals for a pivotal game for the final playoff position. The teams entered the game tied at 84 points with the Capitals holding the tie breaker advantage. The Sabres won the game by a convincing 5-1 score. In the second period of the game the Sabres were ahead 3-1 and down injuries to two defensemen. Christian Ehrhoff and Andrej Sekera were both injured in the period and the Capitals were going on the power play when Robyn Regehr took a hooking penalty. The penalty left the Sabres with only three available defensemen. On the power play Alex Ovechkin bobbled a pass at the blue line. Jason Pominville took the puck and scored a short-handed goal to put the Sabres up 4-1. Ryan Miller made 44 saves improving to a personal record of 8-0-2 in his last ten games and 14-1-3 in 18 games. The win put Buffalo in sole possession of the 8th playoff seed and even in games with Washington.
The Sabres time in 8th place was short lived due to two consecutive regulation loses first at home to Pittsburgh and then at Toronto. At home on the back end of the home and home with Toronto the Sabres fell behind 3-0 in the first period and 5-3 in the third. The Sabres then rallied to score two goals in the final 5 minutes of the third to tie the game at 5. In overtime Dion Phaneuf took a delay of game penalty. Derek Roy ended the game on the ensuing power play with his second of the game. The win pulled Buffalo even in points with Washington at 88. Washington still held the tie breaker advantage. Each team had two games left.
The Sabres would go on to pick up only 1 point in their final 2 games ultimately failing to make the playoffs.
On April 3, 2012, following their final regular season home game, the Sabres announced a new record for average paid attendance of 18,272 per home game.
Playoffs.
The Sabres attempted to qualify for the playoffs for the third consecutive season. The attempt fell 3 points short and the Sabres finished in 9th place.
Player statistics.
Goaltenders.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Sabres. Stats reflect time with Sabres only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Sabres only.
Awards and records.
Records.
On October 25, 2011, Brad Boyes played in his 500th consecutive NHL game, becoming the 20th player in NHL history to reach that mark. This streak ended at 513 when he was injured in the November 23 game.
Final roster.
Updated April 7, 2012<br>
Transactions.
The Sabres have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season:
Draft picks.
Buffalo's picks at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="31015263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015263" title="Stephanie Skabo">
Stephanie Skabo

Stephanie Skabo (born May 23, 1983 in Greenwich, Connecticut, USA), is an American/Norwegian figurative painter and photographer. Themes and styles in Skabo´s work reference anecdotes and narratives, while primary influences by Andy Warhol and Robert Rauschenberg, place her work as a contemporary "Pop Art" artist. Skabo works with mixed medias, her main tools are photography and painting.
The picture composition is mainly made out of iconic motives with textual reflection. Typical motives are cars, buildings, monuments and commodity products. There is a hint of political agenda in her pictures with a strong aspiration towards feminine ideals.

</doc>
<doc id="31015264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015264" title="List of Important Intangible Folk Cultural Properties">
List of Important Intangible Folk Cultural Properties

This is a list of Important Intangible Folk Cultural Properties of Japan.
Designated cultural properties.
Manners and customs.
Manufacture, livelihood.
6 designations. All were designated under Criteria 1.
Life rituals.
6 designations. All were designated under Criteria 1.
Those dates marked with an * follow the traditional calendar.
Amusements, contests.
7 designations
Social life (knowledge of folk customs).
2 designations
Annual functions or events.
30 designations.
Religious festivals and beliefs.
56 designations. All were designated under Criteria 1.
Those dates marked with an * follow the traditional calendar.
Folk performing arts.
Kagura.
There have been 30 designations, all under Criteria 1.
Dengaku.
There have been 30 designations, all under Criteria 1.
Fūryū.
The most common surviving example of these dances is the Bon Odori.
There have been 33 designations, all designated under Criteria 1.
Storytelling.
5 designations. All were designated under Criteria 1.
Ennen and Okonai.
There have been 5 designations, all under Criteria 1.
Entertainment from Abroad and Performance Arts.
36 designations. All were designated under Criteria 1.
Other.
16 designations. All were designated under Criteria 1.
Folk Techniques.
Manufacturing and Production.
8 designations.
Necessities of life.
2 designations.

</doc>
<doc id="31015268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015268" title="Voice of America (disambiguation)">
Voice of America (disambiguation)

"Voice of America" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31015289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015289" title="Liu Rengong">
Liu Rengong

Liu Rengong (劉仁恭) (died 914) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who controlled Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) from 895 (when his one-time lord Li Keyong conquered Lulong and left him in charge of it) to 907 (when he was overthrown by his son Liu Shouguang and put under house arrest). He was initially a Lulong officer, but later fled to Li Keyong's Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi). After Li conquered Lulong and left him in charge, he turned against Li and became an independent warlord, although at times he and Li would still act in concert. His domain later became the basis of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Yan that Liu Shouguang established. In 913, however, Li Keyong's son and successor Li Cunxu the Prince of Jin conquered Yan and captured both Liu Shouguang and Liu Rengong; he put them to death the next year.
Background.
It is not known when Liu Rengong was born — although he was said to be spreading the rumor that he would become a military governor ("Jiedushi") at age 48 when he later served Li Kuangwei, indicating that he was not yet 48 by that point. His family was originally from Leshou (樂壽, in modern Cangzhou, Hebei), which was not a part of Lulong Circuit, although he would follow his father Liu Sheng (劉晟) to Lulong Circuit, as Liu Sheng served under the military governor Li Keju. It was said that Liu Rengong was already shown to be full of tactics in his youth, and often made military suggestions. When Li Keju sent the officer Li Quanzhong to attack Yi Prefecture (易州, in modern Baoding, Hebei), which belonged to neighboring Yiwu Circuit (義武, headquartered in modern Baoding) in 885, Liu Rengong served under Li Quanzhong. When Li Quanzhong's subordinate Yu Yan (于晏) put Yi under siege but could not capture it for months, it was Liu who came up with the idea of digging a tunnel into the city to capture it. For this act, he became known under the nickname of Liu Kutou (劉窟頭, i.e., "Liu who headed into the tunnel"). Later that year, when Yiwu forces recaptured Yi, Li Quanzhong, in fear of punishment by Li Keju, overthrew Li Keju and took over the circuit; Li Quanzhong then died in 886 and passed the circuit to his son Li Kuangwei.
It was said that Liu was ambitious, and he spread rumors that he dreamed of a giant Buddha banner coming out of his fingers, and that he was told in the dreams that he would be a military governor at age 48. When Li Kuangwei heard this, he disliked Liu; he stripped Liu of his military position and made him the magistrate of Jingcheng County (景城, in modern Cangzhou). At one point, when a mutiny at the prefectural capital of Ying Prefecture (瀛州, in modern Cangzhou) resulted in the prefect's death, Liu conscripted a thousand inexperienced soldiers and put down the mutiny. Li Kuangwei was very pleased, made him an army officer again, and gave him command of a garrison at Wei Prefecture (蔚州, in modern Zhangjiakou, Hebei).
It was said that, as the soldiers at Wei were not promptly rotated back to Lulong's capital You Prefecture (幽州) after a number of years, they became resentful, as they missed their families. In 893, when Li Kuangwei was himself overthrown in a coup by his brother Li Kuangchou, Liu decided to take advantage of the confusion by leading his army to attack You Prefecture. However, when he reached Juyong Pass, the headquarter's army defeated his. He thereafter fled to Hedong Circuit, where he was treated well by Hedong's military governor Li Keyong.
Service under Li Keyong.
Liu Rengong was said to carefully serve both Li Keyong and Li Keyong's chief strategist Gai Yu, and through Gai, he made repeated suggestions to Li Keyong that Lulong could be conquered, and he asked for 10,000 men for the campaign. However, as during this time Li Keyong was dealing with the rebellion of his adoptive son Li Cunxiao at Xingming Circuit (邢洺, headquartered in modern Xingtai, Hebei), he was only able to give Liu several thousand men, and the campaign failed. This caused Li Kuangchou to become arrogant and feel free to harass Hedong's borders. In anger, in winter 894 (after he had defeated and executed Li Cunxiao and reabsorbed Li Cunxiao's territory), he personally launched a major attack on Lulong. You Prefecture fell quickly to him; Li Kuangchou fled to neighboring Yichang Circuit (義昌, headquartered in modern Cangzhou) and was killed by Yichang's military governor Lu Yanwei.
In spring 895, Li Keyong formally entered You Prefecture, and he had Liu and an adoptive son, Li Cunshen, surveil and pacify the region. He left Liu in charge of Lulong as acting military governor, and then returned to Hedong. He left an army detachment and a group of associates, headed by Yan Liude (燕留德), at Lulong, to accompany Liu. However, the Hedong soldiers soon ran into conflicts with the Lulong officer Gao Siji (高思繼) and Gao Siji's brothers, as they bullied the Lulong people. The Gao brothers executed a number of them, drawing Li Keyong's displeasure, and Li Keyong rebuked Liu. Liu, blaming all of the executions on the Gao brothers, delivered them to Hedong, where Li Keyong executed them. Liu, however, in order to pacify the Lulong people, took in the Gao brothers' sons as officers in the Lulong army. In summer 895, then-reigning Emperor Zhaozong formally made Liu the military governor of Lulong.
Through the years that Liu served as Li Keyong's vassal, the officers that Li Keyong left at Lulong managed much of the affairs of the circuit. They collected taxes from the circuit, and, except for what was needed for the Lulong army's supplies, they delivered the rest to Hedong, contrary to the prior customs during Lulong's independence periods where Lulong kept its own revenues. In 897, by which time Emperor Zhaozong had fled from the imperial capital Chang'an to Zhenguo Circuit (鎮國, headquartered in modern Weinan, Shaanxi) due to attacks by the warlord Li Maozhen the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), Li Keyong planned a campaign to assist the emperor. He thus requisitioned troops from Lulong, but Liu declined his requisition request, claiming that the soldiers were needed to defend against Khitan incursions. For several months, Li Keyong sent repeated letters, and Liu continued to decline. When Li Keyong sent a harshly-worded rebuke, Liu threw the letter onto the ground, put the Hedong emissary under arrest, and tried to kill the Hedong officers stationed at Lulong, who fled and escaped death, according to the "Zizhi Tongjian". (The "History of the Five Dynasties" and the "New History of the Five Dynasties" indicated that Liu did in fact kill a number of them, including Yan.)
As independent warlord.
In fall 897, angry at Liu Rengong's betrayal, Li Keyong commanded the army himself and attacked Lulong. He engaged the Lulong forces commanded by Liu's son-in-law Dan Keji (單可及), but was defeated when his army was ambushed by the Lulong officer Yang Shikan (楊師侃) at Mugua Creek (木瓜澗, in modern Baoding), at great losses; it was only the inclement weather at the time that prevented the Lulong forces from inflicting greater damage. Li Keyong was forced to abandon this attempt to retake Lulong. Thereafter, Liu formed a relationship with Li Keyong's archrival Zhu Quanzhong the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan), and under Zhu's recommendation, Emperor Zhaozong bestowed the honorary chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事) on Liu. However, Liu also wrote a letter to Li Keyong apologizing for what happened.
Meanwhile, Liu had a running dispute with Lu Yanwei over the two circuits' control of the salt trade. In 898, Liu sent his son Liu Shouwen to attack Yichang's capital Cang Prefecture (滄州). Lu, unable to resist, abandoned it and fled to Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), allowing Liu Shouwen to take the circuit. Liu Rengong commissioned Liu Shouwen as acting military governor, and then made a request to Emperor Zhaozong that Liu Shouwen be given a formal commission as military governor, the imperial government initially refused. In response, Liu Rengong made an irreverent statement to the imperial emissary:
In any case, it was said that after the victory over Yichang, Liu Rengong, believing in his military strength, began to have ambitions of controlling the entire region north of the Yellow River. In spring 899, he launched a major attack on Weibo. When he captured Weibo's Bei Prefecture (貝州, in modern Xingtai), he slaughtered the population of the entire city and threw the bodies into the river. In response, all of the subsequent Weibo cities he attacked defended themselves to the death. He decided to, instead, directly attack Weibo's capital Wei Prefecture. Weibo's military governor Luo Shaowei sought aid from both Zhu and Li Keyong. When Zhu's generals Li Si'an (李思安) and Zhang Cunjing (張存敬) arrived first, Liu had Liu Shouwen and Dan engage them, but the Xuanwu forces defeated them, killing Dan and nearly killing Liu Shouwen as well. When Xuanwu generals Ge Congzhou and He Delun (賀德倫) subsequently arrived as well and again engaged Lulong forces along with Weibo forces, the Lulong forces were again defeated, and the Lulong officers Xue Tujue (薛突厥) and Wang Guilang (王鄶郎) were captured. Liu Rengong and Liu Shouwen were forced to flee back to their territory.
In 900, Zhu further had Ge command armies of four circuits (Xuanwu, Weibo, and two other circuits under Zhu's control — Taining (泰寧, headquartered in modern Jining, Shandong) and Tianping (天平, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong)) to attack Liu Rengong's territory. Ge quickly captured Yichang's De Prefecture (德州, in modern Dezhou, Shandong) and put Liu Shouwen under siege at Cang Prefecture. When Liu Rengong sought aid from Li Keyong, Li Keyong responded by sending his officer Zhou Dewei and his nephew Li Sizhao to attack the Xingming region (which had fallen to Zhu earlier) to try to divert Zhu's forces. When Liu Rengong himself tried to lift the siege by engaging Ge, Ge defeated him. However, when weather turned against the siege army, and mediators were sent by Wang Rong the military governor of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), Ge withdrew.
In winter 900, after forcing Wang to become a vassal, Zhu again had Zhang lead an army, with supplements from Weibo, to attack Liu. Zhang quickly captured Lulong's Ying and Mo (莫州, in modern Cangzhou) Prefectures and Yichang's Jing Prefecture (景州, in modern Cangzhou). (In the latter battle, the prefect Liu Renba (劉仁霸), who might have been a brother to Liu Rengong, was captured.) Zhang prepared to next attack You Prefecture, but subsequent weather conditions stopped him, and he instead attacked Yiwu and forced that circuit into submission (despite Liu Shouwen's attempts to assist Yiwu).
In 901, Emperor Zhaozong bestowed the greater honorary chancellor title of "Shizhong" (侍中) on Liu Rengong.
In 903, after Emperor Zhaozong (who had fallen effectively to Zhu's control by that point) ordered a general massacre of eunuchs, Liu did not execute Zhang Juhan the eunuch monitor of the Lulong army; rather, he hid Zhang, and executed a prisoner in Zhang's stead.
Also in 903, Wang Jinghui (王敬暉), an officer at Li Keyong's Yun Prefecture (雲州, in modern Datong, Shanxi) assassinated the prefect Liu Zaili (劉再立) and submitted to Liu Rengong. Li Keyong sent Li Sizhao and Li Cunshen to attack Wang. Liu sent forces to aid Wang, forcing Li Sizhao and Li Cunshen to retreat some distance, allowing Wang to abandon Yun and flee to Liu Rengong's territory.
Over the years, it was said that Liu Rengong gained great understanding on Khitan's military operations, and he often sent armies to pillage the Khitan lands, as well as to burn the grazing fields to prevent the Khitan horses from grazing properly. In winter 903, when the Khitan leader Yelü Abaoji sent his brother-in-law Shulü Abo (述律阿缽) to attack Shanhai Pass, Liu Rengong's son Liu Shouguang, who was then defending Ping Prefecture (平州, in modern Qinhuangdao, Hebei), pretended to be parlaying with the Khitan officers and invited them to a feast, but ambushed them there once they became drunk and captured them. The Khitan were forced to pay Liu Rengong a large ransom to get them released.
In 906, when Zhu again put Cang Prefecture under siege, Liu Rengong, after repeatedly losses against Zhu's army, felt that he needed even more soldiers, so he ordered all men from age 15 to 70 to serve, tattooing their faces. He also sought aid from Hedong. Li Keyong initially refused to help him, but later, under the advice of his son Li Cunxu, relented; as per Li Cunxu's advice, he requested Liu to sent an army to attack Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi) — which had previously been Li Keyong's territory but had fallen to Zhu earlier — with him, to divert Zhu's army. Liu agreed, and the Hedong and Lulong forces attacked Zhaoyi. Ding Hui, the Zhaoyi military governor that Zhu commissioned, surrendered, forcing Zhu to lift the siege on Cang Prefecture and withdraw.
it was said that over the years, as Liu Rengong became more entrenched in his rule of Lulong, he became even more arrogant, wasteful, and violent. Believing the headquarters in You Prefecture to be insecure, he built a grand mansion at Mount Da'an (大安山, in modern Beijing), which was built like an imperial palace. He selected many beautiful women and put them in the Da'an mansion. He also retained alchemists to try to achieve immortality. He hoarded the money from the people of the circuit, instead making coins out of clay, and he prohibited purchasing tea leaves from south of the Yangtze River, instead using the leaves of the circuit's trees as tea substitutes.
Overthrow by Liu Shouguang and subsequent house arrest.
In or sometime before 907, Liu Rengong discovered that Liu Shouguang had been having an affair with Liu Rengong's favorite concubine Lady Luo. He caned Liu Shouguang, threw him out of the household, and disowned him.
In spring 907, Zhu Quanzhong sent Li Si'an to make a surprise attack on You Prefecture. As Li Si'an approached, Liu Rengong was still at the Mount Da'an mansion, and the city was left nearly defenseless. It nearly fell, but Liu Shouguang took troops and entered the city to defend it; he then engaged Li Si'an in battle, forcing Li Si'an to withdraw. He then claimed the title of military governor and had his generals Li Xiaoxi (李小喜) and Yuan Xingqin attack Liu Rengong's mansion at Mount Da'an. Li Xiaoxi defeated the troops that Liu Rengong sent to defend against the attack, and then captured Liu Rengong and returned with him to You Prefecture, where Liu Shouguang put him under arrest. Liu Shouguang killed many of Liu Rengong's close associates whom he did not like. Therefore, a number of officers, including Liu Shouguang's younger brother Liu Shouqi (劉守奇), nephew Wang Sitong, and the officer Li Chengyue (李承約), fled to Hedong Circuit.
Hearing of what Liu Shougguang did, Liu Shouwen launched his troops to attack Liu Shouguang, with initially inconclusive results. (In this fraternal war, Liu Shouguang received aid from Li Cunxu, who had succeeded Li Keyong as the military governor of Hedong and the Prince of Jin after Li Keyong's death in 908, while Liu Shouwen was assisted by the Khitan and the Tuyuhun tribal armies.) In 909, they had a battle at Jisu (雞蘇, in modern Tianjin), where Liu Shouwen initially prevailed. However, Liu Shouwen then stepped out onto the battlefield and stated, "Do not kill my brother!" As he did, Yuan, who knew that it was Liu Shouwen, made a surprise attack and captured him. Liu Shouguang put Liu Shouwen under house arrest as well, and then put Cang Prefecture, which was defended by Liu Shouwen's son Liu Yanzuo, under siege. The city fell in 910, so Liu Shouguang took Yichang under his control as well. He then had Liu Shouwen killed, while submitting a petition to Zhu Quanzhong (who had seized the Tang throne by this point and established a new Later Liang as its Emperor Taizu) in Liu Rengong's name, seeking retirement. The Later Liang emperor approved of Liu Rengong's retirement, bestowed the title of "Taishi" (太師) on Liu Rengong, and subsequently created Liu Shouguang the Prince of Yan.
Death.
Liu Shouguang, however, was not satisfied with the princely title under Later Liang suzerainty. In 911, he claimed the title of Emperor of Yan. Subsequently, Li Cunxu, who was by that time allied with Wang Rong and Wang Chuzhi the military governor of Yiwu, had Zhou Dewei command a major operation against the new Yan state. By late 913, nearly all Yan cities had fallen to the Jin army, except for You Prefecture. Liu Shouguang claimed that he would surrender to Li Cunxu if Li Cunxu personally arrived to accept his surrender, but when Li Cunxu arrived, Liu Shouguang again refused to surrender, under Li Xiaoxi's advice. However, Li Xiaoxi then himself surrendered to the Jin army and revealed the desperate state the Yan army was in. Li Cunxu then ordered a final attack, and the city fell. Liu Rengong, his wife, and his concubines were taken captive. Liu Shouguang tried to flee to Cang Prefecture (which was then defended by Liu Shouqi, who had become a Later Liang general), but was captured on the way there. (When he was brought back to You Prefecture, Liu Rengong and his wife both spat on him and stated, "Rebellious bandit! Look at what you did to our household!")
In spring 914, Li Cunxu took the Liu household, including Liu Rengong and Liu Shouguang, on a victory tour through Yiwu and Chengde Circuits, at Wang Chuzhi's and Wang Rong's invitation. When they arrived at Chengde Circuit, at Wang Rong's request (as Wang Rong wanted to finally meet Liu Rengong in person), Li Cunxu temporarily removed the shackles from Liu Rengong and Liu Shouguang, and had them attend a feast that Wang Rong held for him. After they arrived back at Hedong's capital Taiyuan, Li Cunxu first executed Liu Shouguang in the capital, along with his wives, and then had his deputy military governor Lu Rubi (盧汝弼) transport Liu Rengong to Li Keyong's tomb at Dai Prefecture (代州, in modern Xinzhou, Shanxi). There, his chest was first pierced, with the blood sacrificed to Li Keyong, and then he was decapitated.

</doc>
<doc id="31015323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015323" title="Journal of Language Contact">
Journal of Language Contact

The Journal of Language Contact is a peer-reviewed academic journal published in English and French. It covers research on language contact, use, and change. This includes linguistic, anthropological, historical, and cognitive factors. The journal was established in 2007. The editors-in-chief are Alexandra Aikhenvald (The Cairns Institute, James Cook University) and Robert Nicolaï (University of Nice Sophia Antipolis).

</doc>
<doc id="31015356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015356" title="Shtrafbat">
Shtrafbat

Shtrafbats (штрафбат, штрафной батальон) were Soviet penal battalions that fought on the Eastern Front in World War II.
The "shtrafbats" were created by Joseph Stalin on July 1942, via the infamous Order No. 227 (Директива Ставки ВГК №227). Order No. 227 was a desperate effort to re-instill discipline after the panicked routs of the first year of combat with Germany. The order—popularized as the "Not one step back!" (Ни шагу назад!, Ni Shagu Nazad!) Order—introduced severe punishments, including summary execution, for unauthorized retreats.
In his order, Stalin also mentioned Hitler's successful use of penal battalions (See: Strafbattalion) as a means to ensure obedience among regular Wehrmacht units. This observational remark led directly to the creation of a parallel system for the Soviets.
Organization.
Pursuant to Order No. 227, the first penal battalions were originally planned at 800 men; penal companies were also authorized, consisting of between 150 and 200 men per company. In addition to the battalions already serving with Armies, other battalions, subordinated to Fronts, were introduced. The first penal battalion deployed under the new policy was sent to the Stalingrad Front on August 22, 1942, shortly before German troops reached the Volga river. It consisted of 929 disgraced officers convicted under Order No. 227 who were demoted to the lowest enlisted rank and assigned to the penal battalion. After three days of assaults against the Germans, only 300 were alive.
Soviet penal units were formally standardized in the order entitled 'Status of Penal Units of the Army' ("Положение о штрафных батальонах действующей армии") of November 26, 1942 by Georgiy Zhukov, then a Deputy Commander-in-Chief. Penal battalions or "shtrafbats" were set at 360 men per battalion, and were commanded by midrange and senior Red Army officers and political officers ("politruks"). Penal companies (штрафная рота, 100 to 150 per unit) were commanded by sergeants (NCOs) and privates.
The total number of people convicted to penal units from September 1942 to May 1945 was 427,910, very few of which were known to have survived the war. However, these totals should be viewed in comparison to the nearly 34.5 million men and women who served in the Soviet armed forces during the entire period of the war.
Categories.
Men ordinarily subject to penal military unit service included:
Infantry battalions.
Penal battalion service in infantry roles was the most common use of "shtrafniki", and viewed by many Soviet prisoners as tantamount to a death sentence. The term of service in infantry penal battalions and companies was from one to three months (the maximum term was usually applied to those qualifying for the death penalty, the standard punishment for Order No. 227). Standard rates of conversion of imprisonment terms into penal battalion terms existed. Convicts sentenced to infantry units were eligible for commutation of sentence and assignment to a Red Army line unit if they either suffered a combat injury (the crime was considered to be "cleansed in blood") or had accomplished extremely heroic deeds in combat. They could also theoretically receive military decorations for outstanding service and if released were considered fully rehabilitated, though those suspected of political disloyalties remained marked men.
In reality, the promise of rehabilitation was (in most cases) pure propaganda; penal battalions were administered and commanded by the field units of the NKVD secret police, who treated "shtrafniki" as a worthless subspecies of soldier, useful only for absorbing heavy casualties that would otherwise be inflicted on a more worthy Soviet unit. They were used in attempts to break through particularly stubborn enemy defenses; to perform hazardous patrols in large groups (reconnaissance-in-force) to determine enemy strength; as sacrificial rearguards during retreats; and as decoys (e.g., wearing dark, instead of snow camouflage clothing to draw enemy fire away from regular Red Army units). They were often sent into battle unarmed, or with sticks to mimic rifles. Most prisoners were transferred to the mine-clearing battalions for trampler duty if they survived infantry combat long enough to risk returning to a regular unit.
"Trampler" mine-clearing detachments.
Smaller detachments were established out of the infantry units to clear minefields as 'tramplers' - unarmed men who ran through the minefields ("trampled") ahead of regular assault forces to detonate land mines.
Air force.
Pilots or gunners serving in air force penal squadrons were at a marked disadvantage in obtaining remission of sentence via a combat injury since the nature of air combat usually meant that any injury was fatal. Pilots received no credit for missions flown, and were normally kept in service until they were killed in action. Former Soviet Air Force pilot Artiom Afinogenov recalled the use of air force penal squadrons near Stalingrad:
The death rate among gunners serving in penal squadrons was exceptionally high. While prisoners assigned as gunners could theoretically clear their sentences after surviving ten missions, like the infantry they were frequently transferred to penal mine-clearing units before reaching this total.
Combat service.
Pursuant to Order No. 227, any attempt to retreat without orders, or even a failure to advance was punished by barrier troops ('zagraditel'nye otriady') or "anti-retreat" detachments of the Soviet special organization known as SMERSH ("Smert shpionam"), Russian for "Death to spies". SMERSH units were used to shoot retreating men serving in penal units should the latter commence a retreat after failing either to advance to secure an objective, or to stop a German attack via counter-attack. As a result, with nowhere else to go, the penal battalions usually advanced in a frenzy, running forwards until they were killed by enemy minefields, artillery, or heavy machine-gun fire. If the men survived and occupied their objective, they were rounded up and used again in the next assault.
The battalions were headed by staffs or ordinary soldiers and officers. While out of the line, discipline was enforced by an armed guard company, backstopped by NKVD or SMERSH detachments. Staff and guards were highly paid and got special pension benefits for their unpleasant and sometimes dangerous work. During the war, Soviet penal units were widely employed. Some units achieved considerable fame; General Konstantin Rokossovsky's well-regarded 16th Army was composed completely of penal infantry units. Rokossovsky himself had been "rescued" from the Gulag by Stalin in 1940 after being imprisoned and tortured for 4 years for supporting Mikhail Tukhachevsky; after the onset of Blitzkrieg proved Tukhachevsky's theories of armored warfare correct, Rokossovsky was quietly released from prison and restored to his rank by Stalin, who even bemusedly commented on Rokossovsky's missing fingernails (which had all been pulled out during his torture) while assigning him the command.
The simultaneous formation of penal units and ancillary rearguard blocking troops in Order No. 227 has occasionally led to a modern misconception that penal units were rearguarded by regular units of the Red Army. Although the practice of using regular army troops as a rearguard or blocking force was briefly implemented, it was soon discovered that the rearguard did not always carry out their orders with regards to penal unit personnel who retreated or fled from the Germans. Consequently, until the end of the war, the task of preventing unauthorized withdrawal of penal unit personnel from the battlefield was handled by the anti-retreat SMERSH detachments of the Soviet NKVD.

</doc>
<doc id="31015363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015363" title="Penal military unit">
Penal military unit

Penal battalions, penal companies, etc., are military formations consisting of convicted persons for which military service in such units was either the assigned punishment or an alternative to imprisonment or capital punishment.
Saudi Arabia and Syria.
There have been reports that convicts from Saudi prisons have been set free prematurely on the condition that they will join in the Syrian Civil War against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad.

</doc>
<doc id="31015366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015366" title="Martín Andrade">
Martín Andrade

Martín Andrade (born July 20, 1937) is a Chilean - Argentine actor. He starred in the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015371" title="Cacho Espíndola">
Cacho Espíndola

Cacho Espíndola (1940 – August 21, 2004) was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015374" title="Gloria Ferrandiz">
Gloria Ferrandiz

Gloria Ferrandiz (died 1970) was an Argentine actress of the classic Argentine cinema era. She starred in over 40 films, including the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015375" title="Barge Port (Palatka, FL)">
Barge Port (Palatka, FL)

Barge Port is a port facility and industrial development area located in Palatka, Florida, United States. Positioned on the waters of the St. Johns River, tenants enjoy access to navigable waters maintained at 40 feet by the Army Corps of Engineers. The area is also accessible by CSX rail line and US 17. Management and development of the site is conducted through Putnam County Port Authority. Major port facilities are located 60 miles downriver in Jacksonville. 
Existing Users at Barge Port:
History.
In 1970, the Cross Florida Barge Canal was still viewed as viable, with one-third of the project complete. That same year, Putnam County Port Authority completed Barge Port in anticipation of increased development interest. Palatka was seemingly poised to experience maritime growth due to its location on the St. Johns River and the newly constructed canal system. By 1971, serious ecological and environmental concerns were brought to the attention of the public. The threat of saltwater contamination in the fragile freshwater ecosystems of inland Florida subsequently brought the canal project to an end. Barge Port has managed to thrive in the absences of a Gulf of Mexico route.

</doc>
<doc id="31015376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015376" title="Fernando Iglesias 'Tacholas'">
Fernando Iglesias 'Tacholas'

Fernando Iglesias 'Tacholas' (August 25, 1909 – May 14, 1991) was a Spanish - Argentine actor from Ourense. He starred in the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015378" title="Juan Carlos Lamas">
Juan Carlos Lamas

Juan Carlos Lamas (October 13, 1921 – July 27, 2004), born Rafael Velázquez, was an Argentine actor from Rosario. He starred in the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015379" title="Alejandro Maximino">
Alejandro Maximino

Alejandro Maximino was an Argentine actor. His last film was the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015380" title="Pablo Moret">
Pablo Moret

Pablo Moret was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015383" title="Rodolfo Onetto">
Rodolfo Onetto

Rodolfo Onetto was an Argentine actor. He was born in Chile in 1913 and died in April 1983 (complications from Parkinson) in Argentina.
He starred in the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015384" title="Polymera (company)">
Polymera (company)

Polymera, Inc. of Hebron, Ohio is a compounder of standard and custom wood and/or natural fiber polymer composite (WPC) materials used in injection molded, extruded and compression molded products. The Hebron, Ohio location houses both corporate headquarters and the manufacturing facility.
Wood/natural fiber polymer composites are materials made by combining wood particles or other fibrous materials with polymeric resin and additives to improve performance. The composite is used as an alternative to wood or plastic in a wide range of products. Composite materials are typically manufactured by combining the fiber and polymer materials. Through a process of melting, extruding or molding, a product is manufactured that can be used in place of wood or plastic, making it an ideal replacement in applications such as decking, siding, furniture, window frames and pallets, and automotive parts.
Founded in 2010, the company is privately held and maintains a facility. The company is a member of the US Green Building Council, the American Architectural Manufacturers Association, the Plastics Industry Society and Forest Products Society.

</doc>
<doc id="31015386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015386" title="Carlos Pamplona">
Carlos Pamplona

Carlos Pamplona was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015389" title="Nathán Pinzón">
Nathán Pinzón

Nathán Pinzón (1917-1993) was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015390" title="Javier Portales">
Javier Portales

Javier Portales, whose birth name was Miguel Ángel Álvarez, (Tancacha, Córdoba, Argentina, 21 April 1937 - Buenos Aires, 14 October 2003) was an Argentine actor with work in television, film and theater.
Portales started to work early in life in the theater, then moved to television on a program that dealt with the troubles a group of young people had in high-school in ""Quinto Año Nacional"" by Abel Santa Cruz. it was in 1964 when his career took an important turn when he was hired for the hit comedy ""Operación Ja-Já"", where he joined several established comic actors such as Fidel Pintos, Juan Carlos Altavista, Adolfo García Grau and Jorge Porcel. It was in that program that he met his future television friend and colleague Alberto Olmedo.
He did some work in film, starring in 1962 in "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".
Portales and Olmedo, along with Porcel worked together in a series of successful projects for the movies and for the comedy theater and musicals, also in television, during the 1970s and 1980s.
He achieve his highest success during the 1990s in the TV sitcoms ""Son de diez"" and ""Un hermano es un hermano"".
In his last years his health deteriorated and had to be in a wheelchair.
Theater work.
Javier Portales wrote a play ""La sartén por el mango"", directed by Manuel Antín. During the political turmoil of the military dictatorship in Argentina this play was banned by the authorities.
The play became a movie, with Claudio García Satur in the principal role, and with other renowned actors as Alberto Argibay and Víctor Laplace.

</doc>
<doc id="31015394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015394" title="Luis Rodrigo">
Luis Rodrigo

Luis Rodrigo was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015397" title="Edmundo Sanders">
Edmundo Sanders

Edmundo Sanders was an Argentine speaker and actor. He starred in the 1962 film "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

</doc>
<doc id="31015411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015411" title="Pearl Stewart">
Pearl Stewart

Pearl Stewart was the editor of the "Oakland Tribune" for one year beginning December 1992, the first African-American woman editor of a metropolitan daily newspaper. Said to be "well known for her dogged reporting," she was hired by David Burgin, who took a seven-month absence. Stewart resigned when Burgin returned, saying that she respected him "but it is not possible for me to work with" him. 
Later, she was director of career development and an instructor at Florida A&M's School of Journalism and Graphic Communication, and in January 2005 she became managing editor of the "black-oriented "Chicago Defender."" She resigned two months later.

</doc>
<doc id="31015436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015436" title="William Douglass (physician)">
William Douglass (physician)

William Douglass (c. 1691–1752) was a physician in 18th-century Boston, Massachusetts, who wrote pamphlets on medicine, economics and politics that were often polemical.
Personal life.
Douglass was born in Gifford, Scotland in about 1691. Douglass studied at Edinburgh (MA, 1705), Leyden, Paris, and Utrecht, where he received his MD in 1712. He first arrived in Boston in 1716, with letters of introduction to Increase Mather, Cotton Mather and Benjamin Colman. After travelling in the West Indies, Douglass returned to Boston in 1718, where he lived for the rest of his life. Douglass prospered in Boston, and put his money into property, both in the city and in remote parts of the Massachusetts Bay colony. Although he owned houses in Boston, he lived at the Green Dragon Tavern, which he also owned. In 1746 Douglass offered the town of New Sherburn, where he had purchased a large quantity of land, $500 and thirty acres, with a house and barn, to be used to establish free schools in the town, in exchange for the town changing its name to Douglas.
In common with other educated men of the time, William Douglass pursued a wide range of interests. He corresponded with Cadwallader Colden for twenty-five years about subjects such as botany and geography, as well as medicine. He knew five languages, accumulated a collection of 1,100 American plants, observed the weather, and studied magnetic deviation and astronomy. His almanac "Mercurius Novanglicanus," published in 1743, has been called "useful" and "good". His map of New England, which was published posthumously, was, at least in part, the basis for every map of New England published over the following fifty years.
Douglass did not always fit in well with Boston society. He was a self-proclaimed "rationalist", and quickly joined in the growing dissent against official Puritanism in Boston. He was probably a member of the group of freethinkers (the "hell fire club") that contributed to "The New-England Courant" published by James Franklin. He engaged in economic, political and medical controversies. Douglass never married, but had an illegitimate son (born in 1745) whom he adopted, causing a scandal in society.
Although Douglass was a member of what may have been the first medical society in America, formed in Boston around 1735, he did not always get along with his fellow physicians. In 1721 Douglass described himself as the only physician in Boston with a medical degree. He complained about the system that allowed someone with as little as a one year apprenticeship with any sort of medical practitioner to present himself as a physician. He claimed that his fellow physicians were a major cause of death for their patients, and that they too often relied on a single treatment, such as bloodletting or emetics, for all conditions. He is believed to be the author of a pseudonymous proposal in 1737 to register all medical practitioners in the Province of Massachusetts Bay.
William Douglass died in Boston on 21 October 1752.
Smallpox inoculation controversy.
In 1721, while smallpox was spreading through Boston, Cotton Mather learned of the Turkish practice of inoculation to control the severity of smallpox, accounts of which had been published that year in the "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society" (William Douglas claimed to have loaned those issues of the "Transactions" to Mather). Mather urged that inoculation for smallpox be practised in Boston. William Douglass, along with almost all of Boston's physicians, opposed inoculation. Mather and Douglass attacked each other personally, but by the next year Douglass admitted that the inoculations were safer and more effective than he had believed they would be in 1721, and he eventually performed them himself, although he remained on bad terms with Mather.
Epidemic of 1735/1736.
In 1735 and 1736 an epidemic of diphtheria or scarlet fever struck Boston. Douglass's account of the disease, "The Practical History of a New Epidemic Eruptive Miliary Fever, with an Angina Ulcusculosa, Which Prevailed in Boston, New England, in the Years 1735 and 1736," has been called "one of the most valuable essays upon diphtheria up to that time", and "the first adequate description of scarlet fever in English." The "Practical History" was reprinted in "The New England Journal of Medicine" in 1825, as "one of the best works extant on the subject." Cadwallader Colden wrote that Douglass had published the "only successful method of cure" for the disease.
Economics.
Douglass wrote several pamphlets condemning the use of paper money by the American colonies. His "Summary of ... the British Settlements in North America" attracted favorable notice from Adam Smith, who cited the work in "The Wealth of Nations," and called Douglass "honest and downright." Douglass also wrote about wampum, the Bank of Amsterdam, the ideas of John Law, the South Sea Bubble, taxation, and "political arithmetic."
Louisbourg.
The capture of the Fortress of Louisbourg in 1745 by forces from New England caused great excitement and joy in Massachusetts. Douglas had been opposed to the expedition against Louisbourg from the beginning, and continued to criticize it afterwards. Douglass held that the expedition had been poorly planned and inadequately manned for an attack on the powerful fortress at Louisbourg, and had succeeded only by a string of lucky turns of events. Critics have cited Douglass's continued criticism of the Louisbourg expedition as evidence of his stubbornness and failure to acknowledge the errors of his opinions. Bullock, however, notes that historians largely agree with Douglass's assessment of the inadequacy of the preparations for the expedition against Louisbourg, and the role played by luck in it.
Libel.
Douglass repeatedly attacked William Shirley, Governor of the Province of Massachusetts Bay, over Shirley's support of paper money in the colony, and over his leadership in the expedition against Louisbourg. In 1747 Royal Navy Captain Charles Knowles, who had served as governor of Louisbourg after its capture, sought to impress American seaman from Boston to bring the ships in his squadron up to strength. The press gangs were heavy-handed, and Boston was still smarting from an incident two years earlier in which two American seamen had been killed in a fight with a Royal Navy press gang. Mobs roamed the streets of Boston, threatening naval officers and ships, and Governor Shirley at his home and at the Boston Town House. Douglass used his pamphlets to attack both Shirley and Knowles over the impressment issue. Both men sued Douglas for libel, but the courts found in favour of Douglass in both cases.
Scholarly assessment.
Douglass has been accused of being partial and prejudiced, often in error, careless in writing, and having a "conception of historical method" that was "entirely inadequate." One assessment of Douglass's work was, "Always positive, and sometimes right." On the other hand, Bullock calls Douglass "generally a reliable and valuable authority" on colonial trade, commerce, and money, and states that he gave "intelligent accounts of colonial taxation." Trent and Wells described the "Summary of ... the British Settlements in North America" as "interesting" and "valuable, in spite of its prejudices and inaccuracies."

</doc>
<doc id="31015437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015437" title="Rex Barrat">
Rex Barrat

Rex Barrat was a French artist active during the 20th Century.
Biography.
Rex Barrat was a French landscape painter. He was born in 1914 in Varzy (Nièvre, France) and died in 1974 in Paris.
Artworks.
Rex Paulain Jack Barrat (a.k.a. Rex Barrat) is a French painter, famous for his landscapes of Burgundy. His works belong to several public collections, including the Musée de la Loire in Cosne sur Loire and the public collection of the city Varzy, France.

</doc>
<doc id="31015441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015441" title="Expedition of Bir Maona">
Expedition of Bir Maona

The Expedition of Bir Maona (also spelt Ma'una), took place 4 months after the Battle of Uhud in the year 4 A.H of the Islamic calendar. 
Muhammad sent missionaries to preach Islam, at the request of Abu Bara. Forty (as per Ibn Ishaq) or seventy (as per Sahih Bukhari) of the Muslim missionaries sent by Muhammed were killed.
Background.
Four months after the Uhud battle, a delegation of Banu Amir came to Muhammad and presented him with a gift. Abu Bara stayed in Medina. Muhammad declined to accept that gift because it was from a polytheist and asked Abu Bara to embrace Islam. He requested Muhammad to send some Muslims to the people of Najd to call them to Islam. At first, Muhammad was quite apprehensive of this, as he feared that some harm might befall on these Muslim missionaries. On Muhammad’s hesitation, Abu Bara guaranteed the safety of the emissaries of Muhammad. 
But he replied, "I will protect them."Ibn Ishaq's Biography claims that forty men were sent to them; but Sahih al-Bukhari states that there were seventy — Al-Mundhir bin ‘Amr, one of Banu Sa‘ida, nicknamed ‘Freed to die’ — commanded that group, who were the best and most learned in the Qur'an and jurisprudence.
Attack on Muslims.
At Bir Maunah, the Muslims sent a messenger(Haram bin Milhan) with a letter of Muhammad to Amir bin Tufayl, the cousin of Abu Bara and the chief of Banu Amir. Amir did not read the Message but rather ordered a man to spear Haram bin Milhan in the back. 
Amir bin Tufayl then requested the Banu Amir people to help him fight the Muslims. They refused to his request, as they were reluctant to betray the promise of safety by Abu Bara to the Muslims. 
So, Amir bin Tufayl took the help of Banu Salim against the Muslims. Together, they attacked the Muslims. The Muslims fought back, but in the end, all of them were killed except for Ka‘b bin Zaid bin An-Najjar who was carried wounded from among the dead. He later died in the Battle of the Trench
When the news of this massacre reached Muhammad, he was greatly grieved and sent Amr bin Umayyah and an Aansar to investigate the whole matter. 
On his way back to Qarqara, ‘Amr bin Omaiyah rested in the shade of a tree, and there two men of Banu Kilab joined him. When they slept, Amr killed them both, thinking that by doing that he would avenge some of his killed companions. 
Then he found out that they had been given a pledge of protection by Muhammad. He told Muhammad what he had done. Then Muhammad said to ‘Amr, that he (Muhammad) must pay a debt for the killing of those he pledged protection to (the Dhimmi's) 
Muhammad was so deeply moved by this tragedy that he used to invoke God's wrath against those people and tribes who killed his Companions. Anas reported that for thirty days Muhammad supplicated God against those who killed his Companions at Ma‘una Well. 
Every dawn prayer he would invoke God's wrath against Ri‘l, Dhakwan, Lihyan and ‘Usaiyah tribes. He would say, 
Usaiyah disobeyed Allâh and His Messenger. Al-Bukhari 2/586-588 
A new Qur’ânic verse was revealed that he kept on reciting till it was abrogated later on:"Inform our folk that we have encountered our Lord and He is satisfied with us and we are satisfied with Him" (Quran 3:169-173).
Motives for attacking Muslims.
According to William Montgomery Watt, the motives of the Banu Lahyan for attacking Muslims, was that the Banu Lahyan wanted to get revenge for the assassination of their chief at Muhammad's instigation.
Islamic sources.
Biographical literature.
This event is mentioned in Ibn Hisham's biography of Muhammad. The Muslim jurist Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya also mentions the event in his biography of Muhammad, Zad al-Ma'ad. Modern secondary sources which mention this, include the award winning book, Ar-Raheeq Al-Makhtum (The Sealed Nectar). The event is also mentioned by the Muslim jurist Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya in his biography of Muhammad, Zad al-Ma'ad.
Hadith literature.
The event is mentioned in the Sunni hadith collection Sahih Bukhari, as follows:
The event is also mentioned in the Sahih Muslim hadith collection as follows:
Quran.
According to Mubarakpuri, Quran 3:169-173 is related to the event, and the verse was later abrogated.

</doc>
<doc id="31015447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015447" title="Frank Shufflebottom">
Frank Shufflebottom

Frank Shufflebottom (born 9 October 1917, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer who played as a right back.
Career.
Born in Chesterfield, Shufflebottom began his career at Margate, before turning professional with Ipswich Town in June 1936. Over the next three seasons Shufflebottom made a total of 43 appearances in the Southern Football League. His career was interrupted by World War Two; he signed for Nottingham Forest in September 1942, but didn't make an appearance until the Football League began again in 1946. He moved to Bradford City in October 1946, making 56 league appearances over the next two years.

</doc>
<doc id="31015460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015460" title="Greg Burdine">
Greg Burdine

Greg Burdine is a Democratic member of the Alabama House of Representatives, representing the 1st District. He was elected on November 2, 2010. Burdine earned his BS in Finance from the University of North Alabama in 1982. He went on to receive his JD from Cumberland School of Law in 1988. Burdine was a Finance Officer from 1982 to 1985. He is a partner in the law firm of Suttle, Mitchell, & Burdine since 1989.
Committee assignments.
Burdine serves on the following Alabama House of Representatives committees: 
Elections.
2010.
Burdine defeated Hermon T. Graham and Candy Haddock in the June 1 primary. He then defeated Quinton Hanson in the November 2 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="31015466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015466" title="Straumnes Air Station">
Straumnes Air Station

Straumnes Air Station (ADC/NATO ID: H-4) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located north of Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland. It was closed on 30 June 1992.
History.
Straumnes Air Station was established in late 1956 as a general surveillance radar station, located atop Mount Straumnes in Iceland. The site was operated by the 934th Aircraft Control and Warning (later Air Defense, Later Air Control) Squadron]], and was equipped with AN/FPS-3, AN/FPS-8 and AN/FPS-4 radars.
The Greenland, Iceland and United Kingdom air defense sector, better known as the GIUK gap, was routinely utilized by the Soviet Union's long range heavy bombers and maritime reconnaissance platforms as a transit point towards the Atlantic Ocean. From bases located at Archangel and Murmansk, Soviet aircraft would stream down to the North Cape in Norway towards the Gap which was use as a doorway to the vast Atlantic. Most of the Soviet missions were destined to probe United States’ air defense along the North Atlantic and after 1960 in the Caribbean where Cuba, the USSR’s most important satellite state outside continental Europe, was located. Such was the perceived treat from the Soviet incursions that it became a priority for NATO to demonstrate to that the strategic Giuk passage would be monitored at all times. 
The mission of the station was to intercept and shadow all Soviet aircraft in transit in and from the Gap which passed through the detection range of its radars and pass the information to interceptor aircraft deployed at Keflavik Airfield. Routine operations continued until 1992 until the site was closed, and a new facility was opened at Latrar AS (H-4A).
After the site was closed(Sept., 1961), the facility was abandoned. The buildings remain in a deteriorating condition, most without windows abandoned to the elements.

</doc>
<doc id="31015476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015476" title="The Sydney Mail">
The Sydney Mail

The Sydney Mail was an Australian magazine published weekly in Sydney. It was the weekly edition of "The Sydney Morning Herald" newspaper and ran from 1860 to 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="31015483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015483" title="Kirill Horoshenkov">
Kirill Horoshenkov

Kirill Horoshenkov ("") is Russian-born British academic, professor at Bradford University. He is an expert in outdoor sound propagation, acoustic materials and instrumentation. In recognition of his contribution to the field of acoustics, he was awarded the prestigious Tyndall Medal by the Institute of Acoustics in 2006.
Horoshenkov holds a degree in Acoustics and Ultrasonic Engineering from Moscow State Institute of Radio-engineering Electronics and Automation (1989) and a PhD in Acoustics from the University of Bradford (1997). He has been an academic at the University of Bradford since 1995 and currently holds the position of Professor of Acoustics.
He has been involved actively in the professional life of the acoustic community in the UK and overseas, serving as a member of the Engineering Division Committee of the Institute of Acoustics (IOA), member of the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) Peer Review College, Associate Editor of the Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, Journal of Applied Acoustics and the Journal of Acta Acoutsica (United with Acustica). He has authored/co-authored two books, over 100 journal and conference papers and has successfully submitted four patent applications.

</doc>
<doc id="31015499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015499" title="Cubi XII">
Cubi XII

Cubi XII is an abstract sculpture by David Smith.
Constructed of stainless steel, completed on April 7 1963, it was purchased from his estate by the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in 1968. 
It is a part of the Cubi series.
He used the shiny finish to contrast with the landscape. The circular grind marks change in varying lighting conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="31015500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015500" title="Homer Dopp">
Homer Dopp

Homer Dopp (November 25, 1875 – April 18, 1949) was an American Republican politician from Wisconsin.
Homer R. Dopp was born in Oconomowoc, Wisconsin. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin in 1902, married the same year Gertrude Ross in Beloit, a native of that city and a graduate of Beloit College, and taught high school for two years. He was a farmer. He was elected to Wisconsin State Assembly in 1922 receiving 3,267 votes to 1,020 for the independent Democratic candidate Judson Hall. He served in Wisconsin State Assembly in 1923 representing Waukesha County, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="31015501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015501" title="Lee Baldwin (ice hockey)">
Lee Baldwin (ice hockey)

Lee Baldwin (born April 26, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Danish club, the Odense Bulldogs in the Metal Ligaen. 
Playing career.
Undrafted, on March 22, 2010, Baldwin was signed as a free agent by the New York Rangers to a two-year entry-level contract. He was assigned to the Rangers affiliates, the Connecticut Whale of the American Hockey League and the Greenville Road Warriors of the ECHL for the duration of his contract.
On August 9, 2012, Baldwin was signed to a one-year ECHL contract to remain with the Greenville Road Warriors.
In the 2013–14 season, on December 13, 2013, Baldwin was traded by the Road Warriors to the Stockton Thunder in exchange for Brayden Irwin.
On May 27, 2014, Baldwin signed his first contract abroad, agreeing to a one-year contract with Danish club, Odense Bulldogs of the Metal Ligaen.

</doc>
<doc id="31015523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015523" title="Nuestra Belleza Michoacán">
Nuestra Belleza Michoacán

Nuestra Belleza Michoacán is a pageant in Michoacán, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2000 and 2001 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization hasn't had a national winner in Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Michoacán, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31015536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015536" title="Jhumur">
Jhumur

" Manbhum's Jhumur folk"
Jhumri or Jhumur ragini has been mentioned in "SANGEET DAMODAR". This is a folk tune.
In west bengal the people of Purulia, Bankura, Birbhum, West Burdwan and Midnapore.
Jhumur () () is a traditional dance form, existing in eastern part of India, basically in Assam and West Bengal. The dance is performed by young girls. They are also acconpanied by fewer male members, who by and large maintain the rhythm with musical instruments and vocals.
Performance.
The dance is mostly performed in open places (now-a-days in cultural gatherings also). The male members wear long traditional dresses and keep the rhythm with few traditional instruments: generally a drum, hung on shoulder; a flute and a pair of "Taal" (two metallic discs). The girls mostly perform the dancing part, holding each other's waist and movnig hands and legs forward and backward synchronously.
Lyrics.
The lyrics of Jhumur are built on day-to-day languages and mostly depict love and or pleasures and pains of day-to-day life.
Locations where performed.
Traditionally Jhumur is a dance form of certain tribes of eastern India.
Philosophy.
The dance gets its name from the cluster of bells worn round the ankles, which make a clanging noise. There are many variations of Jhumur. This dance is some times performed as a ritual worship of gods and goddesses, sometimes for courting and lovemaking, and yet again as a prayer for rainfall. This dance incorporates songs and dialogues, which depict the joys and sorrows, yearning and aspirations of the everyday lives of the common people. It is believed that Jhumur was originally a means of recreation between phases of tedious agricultural work. Probably the most entertaining form of Jhumur is the Bhaduria, performed as thanksgiving for a bountiful monsoon.

</doc>
<doc id="31015542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015542" title="Hondh-Chillar massacre">
Hondh-Chillar massacre

The Hondh-Chillar massacre ( ) refers to the killings of at least 32 Sikhs on November 2, 1984 in a village in the Rewari district of Haryana, allegedly by the members of Indian National Congress during the 1984 anti-Sikh riots. The local police did not intervene in the massacre, pursue a First information report filed by survivors or help resettle the survivors. The mass graves at the massacre were rediscovered in January 2011. A similar massacre occurred in nearby Pataudi.
Background.
During the Partition of India, Hondh village was settled by 16 families who migrated from Pakistan. Hondh was a "dhani", or cluster of farmhouses, outside the main village of Chillar. The families were influential and prior to the massacre the Sarpanch, or mayor, of Chillar had been one of the residents of Hondh.
After the October 1984 Assassination of Indira Gandhi, thousands of Sikhs were killed in the 1984 Anti-Sikh pogroms by Indian National Congress mobs being aided by government officials who provided "trucks and state busses" as well as "weapons-including oil, kerosene, and other flammable materials".
Hondh-Chillar massacre.
The attack happened in two waves. On November 1, 1984 a group of Indian National Congress memberss attempted to storm the village but the Sikh villagers were able to fend them off. However, at 10 AM on November 2, a truck and a bus carrying "200-250" young men arrived at the village. They began attacking the Sikhs armed with rods, lathis, diesel, kerosene, and matches as well as chanting slogans in favor of the Congress (I) party. For four hours the Congress members mob beat to death and burned alive 31 Sikh villagers. They continued to burn down the Sikhs' bungalows and Gurdwara until the villagers who were able to escape the initial attack tried to find shelter in three different houses. The mob then set two of the houses on fire by pouring kerosene through the roof. One villager, Balwant Singh, retaliated by killing one of the rioters with a sword and another group of villagers ran out of their burning house to fight back. Once the villagers started fighting back the massacre "came to an abrupt halt".
On the night of November 2, the 32 surviving Sikhs found shelter in the house of a Hindu family in Dhanora, a nearby village. Under the cover of night they escaped to Rewari in a tractor trolley. Once the villagers started fighting back the massacre "came to an abrupt halt". The survivors now reside in Ludhiana and Bathinda in Punjab 
A FIR was filed by Dhanpat Singh, the then sarpanch, or mayor, of Chillar at police station Jatusana in Mahendragarh district, which is now in Rewari district. It reveals the killers first came from Hali Mandi around 11 AM but were persuaded by the villagers to turn around. When they came in the evening they had several more trucks of reinforcements and a group of three Hindus had tried to persuade the killers to leave the village but were intimidated into leaving. It reports that 20 of the dead Sikh villagers' bodies were burned beyond recognition.
On February 23, 2011, the local police claimed to have lost the First information report, however "The Times of India" was able to find a signed copy of the report which had been obtained from the same police station just days earlier.
Pataudi massacre.
At 6 PM on November 1, 1984 after Indira Gandhi was shot, a mob under the guidance of Congress leader Lalit Maken set fire to Pataudi's Gurdwara which created a panic in the city. As the armed mob rampaged through the town and set fire to Sikh homes in the city, one group of Sikhs escaped to the outskirts while another found shelter in local Hindu Ashram.
On November 2, the Sikhs returned to the city to see the damage done to their homes. Left tired and crying in front of their homes, they became separated from each other, and at 10 AM the mob returned and began burning people alive. Many of the Sikhs were able to escape but the Congress mob captured 17 of them, murdered them, and burned their remains to remove evidence.
Although the survivors filed multiple FIRs with the police, none of the assailants were captured or prosecuted. After the massacre many Sikh families fled and only five families remain out of thirty that were settled prior to the massacre.
GURGAON MASSACRE 
Rediscovery.
On January 22, 2011, an engineer in Gurgaon, Haryana, Manwinder Singh Giaspur, struck up a conversation with a delivery boy who talked about a "deserted village of Sardars" near his own village. When the boy began talking about arson, Giaspur realized he was talking about the 1984 anti-Sikh pogroms. The boy further told him that recently people had begun to steal wood and bricks from the site so on January 23 Giaspur drove to Chillar and found the site of the massacre. After seeing bones inside a building and quotations from the Guru Granth Sahib on the walls he realized the building was a Gurdwara. Giaspur then uploaded "50-60" pictures of the village onto Facebook and sent appeals to various Punjabi language newspapers to investigate and preserve the site. After not receiving help from the SGPC, Giaspur contacted the All India Sikh Students Federation and Sikhs for Justice.With help of President Santokh Singh and members of Prabhdhank Committee of Guru Singh Sabha Gurudwara Road, Gurgaon. Ardas was held at Hondh Chiller by Sri Guru Singh Sabha where several leaders from SGPC Amritsar were also present. On March 13, the man who discovered the site of the massacre was asked to resign from his position as general manager of V&S International Pvt Ltd, allegedly for his role in exposing the massacre.
Reactions.
On March 2, 2011 members of Akali Dal, the main Sikh political party in India, demanded that the Lok Sabha, India's parliament, form a probe to look into the massacre.
Dal Khalsa (International) is attempting to appeal to United Nations officials in Delhi to send a team to investigate. The American Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee organized a meeting with the US State Department to discuss related human rights violations and legal action.
Sikhs for Justice has maintained that the 1984 anti-Sikh pogroms were an organized attempt at genocide and that government commissions set up to investigate them have purposely not investigated violence outside of Delhi to cover up systematic patterns of violence against Sikhs throughout India. In response to this discovery the AISSF and Sikhs for Justice have established a trust to find other sites like Hondh-Chillar throughout India.
On March 4, an Ardās was held at the Akal Takht for the victims of the massacre.
On March 12, Sikhs for Justice met with UNESCO director general Irina Bokova in New York to discuss preserving the ruins as a heritage site. They also consulted with archeologists who had worked on Holocaust sites for advice.

</doc>
<doc id="31015552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015552" title="Olga Umnova">
Olga Umnova

Olga Umnova ("") is Russian-born British academic, lecturer in Theoretical Acoustics in the Acoustics Department at the University of Salford. In recognition of her contribution to the field of acoustics, she was awarded the prestigious Tyndall Medal by the Institute of Acoustics in 2010.
Umnova holds a degree in Applied Physics and Mathematics from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology and a PhD in Acoustics from General Physics Institute, Russian Academy of Science (1994). She has been a research fellow at the Open University, University of Hull and since 2004 she is an academic at the University of Salford.
She has been involved actively in the professional life of the acoustic community in the UK and overseas, serving as a member of the Institute of Acoustics (IOA), member of the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) Peer Review College, Associate Editor of the Journal of Applied Acoustics and the Journal of Acta Acoutsica (United with Acustica).

</doc>
<doc id="31015553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015553" title="Bimbia">
Bimbia

Bimbia was an independent state of Isubu people of Cameroon, in 1884 annexed by the Germans and incorporated in the colony of Kamerun. 
It lies in Southwest Region, to the south of Mount Cameroon and to the west of the Wouri estuary. Is situated at the East coast of the Limbe Sub Division.
Bimbia consists of three villages:
In 1932 when the population of Bimbia was about 2500 peoples.
Bimbia was the first place whitemen, the Jamaican and English Baptist missionaries led by Rev. Alfred Saker set foot on the Cameroon shore in 1858, from Fernando Po. There he built the first schooland first church. Later he went to Victoria where he built the Ebenezer Baptist church. The Bimbia man was the first person to go to Saker's school and the first to become christian.
History.
Origins.
The predominant Isubu oral history holds that the ethnic group hails from Mboko, the area southwest of Mount Cameroon. 
Tradition makes them the descendants of Isuwu na Monanga, who led their migration to the west bank of the Wouri estuary. When a descendant of Isuwu named Mbimbi became king, the people began to refer to their territories as Bimbia.
Early European contacts.
Portuguese traders reached the Wouri estuary in 1472. Over the next few decades, more Europeans came to explore the estuary and the rivers that feed it, and to establish trading posts. The Isubu carved out a role for themselves as middlemen, trading ivory, kola nuts, and peppers from the interior. However, a major commodity was slaves, most bound for plantations on nearby islands such as Annobon, Fernando Po, Príncipe, and São Tomé.
Some Bimbia legend grants Ekum’a Makundu, a former Dikolo chief, to have said that "it was when 
Alfred Saker came with his christian religion we stopped the slave trading. The Bimbia used to catch some none natives and sell them as slaves to the Spanish ships that came to Bimbia but never landed because they were afraid of the natives whom they termed “savages” ". Ekum’a Makundu used to be a pirate and fought the Spanish people for their properties. The Spanish people got furious and decided to bomb Dikolo - Bimbia. When the information reached the locals, they made visible peace signal; when the Spaniards came back, some indigenes went to the sea to meet them and make a peace pact and promised never to worry them again.
By the 16th century, the Isubu were second only to the Duala in trade. The earliest Isubu merchants were likely tribal chiefs or headmen. 
Bimbia, the primary Isubu settlement, grew quickly.
Europeans traders did their best to support friendly chiefs against their rivals, adulating them with titles such as "King", "Prince", or "Chief". In exchange, these indigenes offered trade monopolies to their patrons and sometimes ceded land. An Isubu chief named Bile became leader of the Isubu as King William, although Dick Merchant of Dikolo village and other chiefs eventually opposed his dominance.
British influence.
British traders became the dominant European presence in the region by the mid-19th century, and the Crown used them to enforce abolition of the slave trade in the Gulf of Guinea. In 1844 and 1848, King William signed anti-slavery treaties. In exchange, the traders provided him with annual gifts of alcohol, guns, textiles, and other goods. 
William was also asked to forbid practices the British viewed as barbaric, such as sacrificing a chief's wife upon his death. 
With William's blessing, Bimbia became a haven for repatriated slaves and escapees from the illicit trade, which continued for many more years.
The British also endeavored to educate and Christianise the Bimbians. 
King William rebuffed the earliest missionaries because he did not agree with their insistence on prayer and opposition to polygamy. In 1844, however, Joseph Merrick convinced William to let him open a church and school in Bimbia. 
In 1858, the Spanish ousted Protestant missionaries from their base at Fernando Po. King William sold a portion of his domains to the missionary Alfred Saker, who then founded Victoria (today known as Limbe). By 1875, numerous missions and schools sprung up in Victoria and other settlements. Victoria came to be a mixture of freed slaves, working Cameroonians, and Christianised Cameroonians from the various coastal groups. Cameroonian Pidgin English began to develop at this time.
Isubu society was changed fundamentally by the European trade. European goods became status symbols, and some rulers appointed Western traders and missionaries as advisors. Large numbers of Isubu grew wealthy, leading to rising class tensions. Competition escalated between coastal groups and even between related settlements. Between 1855 and 1879, the Isubu alone engaged in at least four conflicts, both internal and with rival ethnic groups. Traders exploited this atmosphere, and beginning in 1860, German, French, and Spanish merchants had established contacts and weakened the British monopoly. The Duala had gained a virtual hegemony over trade through the Wouri estuary, and the Isubu had little power left. Young King William was virtually powerless when he succeeded his father in 1878.
Treaties.
On 17 February 1844, King William I of Bimbia and the chiefs of Bimbia concluded a treaty with Lieutenant Edward Charles Earl, commander of the English brig "Rapid" in which the slave trade was prohibited in exchange for goods worth $1,200, and free trade was guaranteed.
On 19 December 1850, a further treaty with Thomas Rodney Eden, captain of the "Amphitrite", regulated trade terms, covering subjects such as payment of "comey", a customary fee paid by trading vessels to chiefs in exchange for permission to trade.
On 7 February 1855, the British Acting Consul, J.W.B. Lynslager, witnessed an engagement in which the chiefs of the Boobee (Bubi) Islands, adjacent to the Amboise (Ambas) Islands, settled the recent dispute and acknowledged King William of Bimbia's authority.
German protectorate.
A German protectorate over the Cameroons was declared on 12 July 1884.
In a communication of 15 October 1884 the German Government described the territories included in the protectorate, which included Bimbia.
Economic activities.
Fishing and Farming.
The Bimbia are mostly fishermen. 
In the thirties the fishing industry was florishing. Fishing is a communal labour as it was not possible for one man to be able to set up his fishing 
equipment. Therefore the men of the village came together and made the equipment of one person then went to the other.
Technics.
The Bimbia man fishes in many different ways namely: Ndemba, Ngoto, Mbunja, Efese
and Moleke.
The women are yam planters. People come to buy benyanya, smoked njanga, smoked mwanjamoto and other fish. Women come from chop 
farm with raw food to exchange for fish and bring things like accra banana, groundnuts and koki beans.
The women dry all the fish, sell it or battler for household needs. During the dry season, the men go to sea in the night. The women work until morning on the efefe to sort out the fish in their different species, put on very big baskets called ‘ndenge’ and start drying them on the ‘wokas’. Woka is a stab make of bamboos from the palm tree. Then carry the wokas to the ‘etaka’ or bandas where a long fire is made to smoke the fish at night. The dried benyanya is stored away to give way for other fish to be dried also. When the season for meyo is over, the season for mwanjamoto and crayfish (njanga) starts.
Women are from the sale of fish responsible for looking after of all the house needs such as soap, oil, salt, kerosene etc. 
Men are responsible for the sale of the big benyanya to pay school fees.
Chiefs.
Dikolo has six quarters : Mbeng’a Liwoka, Bali, Wona Wonanya, Wona Ngowe, Wona 
Mbimbi and Mabetefutu with their family heads and a traditional chief.
Bimbia chieftaincy stool dose not rotates. It is in the same family for all generations. 
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31015555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015555" title="R. W. Ryde">
R. W. Ryde

Reverend Robert William Ryde (died 8 August 1909) was an English clergyman and member of the Church Missionary Society (CMS). He was Principal of Trinity College, Kandy, Sri Lanka and St. John’s College, Jaffna. The Ryde Gold Medal, awarded in Trinity College to the best all round boy, and the highest honour that the School can bestow, is named after Rev. Ryde. He was a scholar of Jesus College, Cambridge, and taught classics at Monkton Combe School before travelling to Sri Lanka (then Ceylon) with the CMS.
Career in Ceylon.
Rev. Ryde took over as Vice Principal of Trinity in 1895. He married Miss E M Loveridge in 1897, and left in 1899 for St John's, Jaffna as Principal, with Rev A.A. Pilson filling his vacancy at Kandy. Upon the resignation of Principal Rev Napier-Clavering in 1900, Ryde returned to Trinity College as Principal. He held this post for a brief 2 years, leaving in 1902, but the impression he left on the boys of the era was a lasting one. His stint in Jaffna was also marked by the latter feature, so much so that he was invited to assume duty as President of the St John's College Old Boys' Association in 1904, and that of the Trinity OBA (Colombo) in 1908.
Following his period at Trinity, Rev Ryde took charge of the Sinhalese Women Teachers Vernacular Training School, in Cotta, Colombo. He was preparing to move his family to the mission house in Anuradhapura to assume duties at St. Andrews Church when he was taken ill. Rev Ryde died in Colombo in 1909.
Legacy.
His loss was felt deeply in both Trinity and St John's. The Colombo OBA of Trinity College has been honouring his name since by presenting the Ryde Gold Medal. It is also recorded by the St. John's OBA that "in 1910 the late Dr. S. V. Vairakiam offered to present annually a medal, in memory of the late Rev. R. W. Ryde, M. A., who was Principal of the College in 1899, to the boy who stood first in order of merit in the College in the Cambridge Senior Local examination. The medal was called the "Ryde Medal" and bore a splendid impress of the likeness of Mr. Ryde".

</doc>
<doc id="31015556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015556" title="Latrar Air Station">
Latrar Air Station

Latrar Air Station (NATO ID: H-4A) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located north of Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland. It was closed on 28 June 2006 as part of the closure of United States military facilities in Iceland.
History.
Latrar Air Station was established as a North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) radar station in 1992, replacing the original NATO AC&W radar site at Straumnes AS, (H-4). The station is located atop a mountain named Bolafjall near the village of Bolungarvik, about 21 air miles to the north-northeast of H-4.
It was operated by the 934th Air Control Squadron and was equipped with an AN/FPS-117v5 radar.
The mission of the station was to intercept and shadow all Soviet aircraft in transit in and from the GIUK gap which passed through the detection range of its radars and relay to the NAS Keflavik Radar Operations Control Center (ROCC).
Straumnes Air Station was inactivated on 28 June 2006 and presently remains unused.

</doc>
<doc id="31015578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015578" title="Shenyang Zhongze F.C.">
Shenyang Zhongze F.C.

Shenyang Zhongze F.C. () is a professional Chinese football club that currently participates in the Chinese League One division. They play their home games in the 60,000 capacity Shenyang Olympic Sports Center Stadium.
History.
The club was founded in August 2009 as Tianjin Runyulong and were initially set-up as an amateur football team to take part in the amateur leagues. At the beginning of the 2011 league season, Tianjin Runyulong would decide to take over Anhui Jiufang and took their position in the China League One division. The club would make Liu Zhicai their first professional manager and play in the 18,000-seat Minyuan Stadium in Tianjin while wearing an all red strip within their debut season. The club would quickly find out that the full acquisition of Anhui Jiufang as well as the running cost of the club would cost them 540 million yuan, more than the club expected and that they would need to quickly find investment if they were to pay their players on time. The investment would come from the local Shenbei government who wanted them to move into the 30,000-seat Tiexi Stadium in Shenyang. On July 2011, Tianjin Runyulong moved to the city of Shenyang and the name changed to Shenyang Shenbei.
Results.
All-time league rankings
"As of the end of 2013 season." 
Key 
Current squad.
"As of 10 March 2014" 
Notable players.
Had international caps for their respective countries.
Europe

</doc>
<doc id="31015587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015587" title="Aurora (sculpture)">
Aurora (sculpture)

Aurora is a public artwork by American artist Mark di Suvero. It is in the collection of the National Gallery of Art and on display at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C., United States. 
Description.
"Aurora" consists of 8 tons of steel, resting on three diagonal supports. Certain "linear elements converge within a central circular hub and then explode outward."
Information.
The name of the sculpture comes from a poem by Federico Garcia Lorca about New York City.
Acquisition.
The sculpture is a gift from the Gift of Morris and Gwendolyn Cafritz Foundation.
Reception.
According to the National Gallery of Art the supports and steel "combine massive scale with elegance of proportion," and "imparting tension and dynamism."

</doc>
<doc id="31015592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015592" title="Blake Parlett">
Blake Parlett

Blake Parlett (born May 13, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently with the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect for the Florida Panthers organization in the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
Parlett played Major Junior Hockey in the Ontario Hockey League. Upon playing his overage season with Mississauga St. Michael's Majors, he was signed to an American Hockey League contract with the Hartford Wolf Pack for the 2010–11 season.
Parlett split his first professional season between the Wolf Pack/Whale and ECHL affiliate, the Greenville Road Warriors, earning a starting position in the 2011 ECHL All-Star Game.
He was signed to a two-year entry level contract by the Whale's parent club, the New York Rangers on June 2, 2011.
During the 2012–13 season with the Connecticut Whale, Parlett was included, along with Steven Delisle, in the deadline trade of Marian Gaborik by the Rangers to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Derick Brassard, Derek Dorsett, John Moore and a sixth-roud pick on April 3, 2013. Parlett was immediately re-assigned to AHL affiliate, the Springfield Falcons.
On February 7, 2014, Parlett was traded to the Boston Bruins in exchange for Carter Camper. He was directly assigned to AHL affiliate, the Providence Bruins for the remainder of the season.
On July 2, 2014, Parlett signed a one-year, two-way contract with the Florida Panthers.

</doc>
<doc id="31015613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015613" title="Prospect Harbor, Maine">
Prospect Harbor, Maine

Prospect Harbor is an unincorporated community in Hancock County, Maine, United States. Its ZIP code is 04669.

</doc>
<doc id="31015623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015623" title="Mary Margaret Whipple">
Mary Margaret Whipple

Mary Margaret Whipple (born May 26, 1940) was a Democratic member of the Senate of Virginia, representing the 31st District from 1996 - 2012.
Political career.
She was the Chairman of the Senate Democratic Caucus, and she was the first woman to hold a leadership position in the Virginia General Assembly. On February 25, 2011, Whipple announced that she will not be seeking reelection. Whipple also serves as a member of the Eighth District Democratic Committee and the State Democratic Committee
Perhaps Whipple's most notable achievement in the 2007 legislative session was inserting renewable energy portfolio requirements in legislation applicable to Virginia electric utilities. Her committee assignments in the 2010-11 legislative sessions were: Agriculture, Conservation and Natural Resources; Education and Health; Finance; Privileges and Elections; and Rules. Whipple believes Virginia's tax system is "grossly regressive" and has sponsored bills to change it. Her bills would share state income tax revenues with localities and would increase the cigarette tax to 60 cents per pack. In 2001-02, Whipple served on the Commission on the Structure of Virginia's State and Local Tax System and Service Responsibilities.
Whipple was raised in College Station, Texas and attended Rice University. She holds a B.A. in English from American University and an M.A. in American Studies from George Washington University. She was appointed to the Arlington School Board in 1976 and served as Chair in 1978-79. Whipple was elected to the Arlington County Board in 1983-95, and was Chair in 1986. While on the County Board, she served as the Arlington representative to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ("Metro") Board in 1985 and in 1988-1995, serving as chair in 1990.
Among the possible successors in the 31st Senate District were Delegates Patrick Hope and Robert Brink, former Lieutenant Governor candidate Mike Signer, County Board member Barbara Favola, and lawyer Jaime Areizaga. Barbara Favola eventually won the seat.

</doc>
<doc id="31015646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015646" title="2011 ECHL All-Star Game">
2011 ECHL All-Star Game

The 2011 ECHL All-Star Game was played on January 26, 2011. it was hosted by the Bakersfield Condors at Rabobank Arena. The format featured the host team Condors taking on the ECHL All-Star Team.

</doc>
<doc id="31015647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015647" title="Nuestra Belleza Michoacán 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Michoacán 2010

Nuestra Belleza Michoacán 2010, was held in Malecón Río Balsas, Lázaro Cárdenas, Michoacán, Mexico on June 25, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Karla Paulina Gutiérrez of Morelia and "Victoria Sánchez Elizalde Romo of Pátzcuaro were crowned the winners. Gutiérrez and Sánchez were crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Michoacán titleholder, Itzel García"'. Ten contestants competed for the state title.

</doc>
<doc id="31015661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015661" title="W. R. Holway">
W. R. Holway

William Rea Holway (April 29, 1893 – April 23, 1981), commonly known as W. R. Holway, was an American civil engineer who became prominent in Oklahoma. He is best known for his work on major water supply projects for the city of Tulsa, and on the Pensacola Dam at Grand Lake o' the Cherokees.
Holway came to Tulsa in 1918, where he became the city waterworks engineer. In 1920, he was hired as a consulting engineer to plan a pipeline to carry water from Lake Spavinaw to Tulsa. Holway was chief engineer for the Pensacola Dam, which created the Grand Lake o' the Cherokees on the Grand River (the lower Neosho River), in northeastern Oklahoma. Construction began in 1938 and was completed in 1940. At the time, this was the longest multiple-arch dam in the world. In 1952, W. R. Holway and Associates was the engineering firm that built Lake Eucha, which functions as additional storage and as a buffer for Lake Spavinaw.
Early life.
Holway was born in Sandwich, Massachusetts to Augustus Holway and Helen Freeman Nye on April 29, 1893. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1916 with a Bachelor of Science degree in civil engineering and married Frances Hope Kerr on July 28, 1916.
Engineering career.
Holway's first jobs were as assistant engineer in Providence, Rhode Island and then as engineer for a waterworks plant in Alliance, Ohio. These were apparently uneventful, and the Holways moved to Tulsa in 1918.
In 1918, W. R. became a city waterworks engineer for Tulsa, in charge of a water treatment plant that filtered silt from the Arkansas River water that was then distributed for residential use. The filtration plant never performed as designed. He then went into business for himself on a paving project in nearby Sand Springs. He founded the firm W. R. Holway and Associates in 1922.
Spavinaw project.
Civic leaders had long realized that the Arkansas River was an unreliable source for Tulsa's water supply. Starting in 1908, they studied many different approaches to solving the water supply problem. One study concluded that Spavinaw Creek could provide ample water that could flow by gravity at least as far as Catoosa, Oklahoma. They had decided to build a reservoir on Spavinaw Creek, a tributary of the Verdigris River, over fifty miles northeast of Tulsa. Holway was selected as chief engineer for this project in 1920. He is credited with designing a 55-mile long pipeline that could carry water to Lake Yahola in Tulsa using a gravity flow system alone. The line became operational in 1924, and was the longest such line in the U. S. at that time. The construction was not simple. Holway had to build railroad and telephone lines from Tulsa, where the 60-inch and 84-inch diameter pipes were made, to the dam site.
Engineering issues were not the only problems Holway faced. The Ku Klux Klan had become a powerful political force in Oklahoma by the 1920s. While Holway was assembling a 40-man team to oversee the Spavinaw project, three representatives of the Klan confronted him to demand that he fire three Roman Catholics. He refused to do so, even though he recognized one Klansman as his own banker. Knowing the Klan's reputation for violence, he thereafter kept a loaded weapon handy, even strapping it to the steering wheel of his car.
The Spavinaw system exceeded the original design requirements, which called for meeting Tulsa's water needs for 25 years. It actually could deliver 60 million gallons per day by gravity flow. Pumps and a second pipeline were added much later, to meet peak summertime consumption. By 2009, Tulsa still received over half of its water from the system Holway designed.
Pensacola Dam project.
The Grand River Dam Authority selected Holway as the chief engineer for the Pensacola Dam (also known as Grand River Dam) project. This dam would create the Grand Lake o' the Cherokees in northeastern Oklahoma on the lower Neosho River. Construction began in 1938 and was completed in 1941. At the time, this was the longest multiple-arch dam in the world.
Lake Eucha.
In 1952, Lake Eucha was created by completion of the Eucha dam upstream from Lake Spavinaw. It functions as additional storage and as a buffer for Lake Spavinaw. W. R. Holway and Associates was in charge of engineering work for this project.
Personal life.
As a boy, Holway was baptized in the West Barnstable Congregational Church. He earned money by delivering milk, herding cows and working in his father's livery stable. He graduated from Sandwich Academy, attended Dartmouth College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology. While in high school, W. R. fell in love with Hope Kerr, who was seven years older than he. She had graduated from Radcliffe College in 1910, then came to Sandwich to teach school. They married July 28, 1916, right after he had graduated from MIT.
Both of Holway's sons also graduated from MIT with a degree in civil engineering and joined their father in W. R. Holway and Associates. William Nye "Bill" Holway (1920–2007) succeeded his father as president of the consulting firm, which later was acquired by The Benham Group of Oklahoma City. The family firm continued to play a role in variety of water and power projects in the area.
Holway died in Tulsa on April 23, 1981.
Legacy.
In 1921, W. R. Holway was a co-founder of All Souls Unitarian Church in Tulsa. The church later grew to become the largest congregation in the Unitarian Universalist Association, W. R. Holway's grandson, Bill Hamilton-Holway, is co-minister of the Unitarian Universalist Church of Berkeley with his wife, Barbara.
Lake W. R. Holway, also known as W. R. Holway Reservoir and formerly known as Chimney Rock Reservoir, was named for this man. It is northwest of the town of Locust Grove, Oklahoma.
External links.
</pre></code>

</doc>
<doc id="31015662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015662" title="Environment of Luxembourg">
Environment of Luxembourg

The environment of Luxembourg has been affected by the country's rapid polulation growth (9% between 2000 and 2007, 34% in economy), its heavy road traffic (75% of fuel for vehicles from outside Luxembourg) and its lack of renewable energy resources.
Air.
While emissions of nitrogen and sulphur oxides (NOx and SOx) as well as NMVOC (non-methane volatile organic compounds) have been reduced since 2000, limit values for the protection of human health from nitrogen dioxide (NO2) are being exceeded in Luxembourg City, primarily because of road traffic. Concentrations of ground-level ozone are regularly above the pre-alert threshold for the protection of human health at several sites. Sulphur dioxide emissions are however well below the authorised limit. Dioxins and furans (PCDD/F) near steel plants sometimes exceed health standards. In data compiled for 140 countries by the International Energy Agency in October 2010, the 2007 carbon dioxide emissions for Luxembourg at 22.8 metric tons per capita are the highest in Europe and substantially higher than those in the United States.
Action is being taken at the national level to reduce CO2 emissions, to promote better practice in the use of energy and to control leaks of fluorides and GHGs from refrigeration systems.
Water.
The Water Management Administration programme of the Ministry of the Interior and Greater Region was created in 2004 for integrated water management. The national nitrogen balance has improved significantly. Despite legal requirements from the mid-1990s, drinking water sources have not been protected with the result that sources have been contaminated by nitrates and pesticides. At least 40% of surface water is likely to fall short of 2015 EU targets for chemical and biological quality. Only 22% of the population is connected to a tertiary-level waste water treatment plant, even though the entire country is classified as a sensitive zone.
Waste management.
Luxembourg has an effective waste management plan in accordance with EU legislation. Industrial waste is also effectively managed. Municipal waste production per capita, however, is among the highest in the OECD and the target of 30% reduction in specific disposable waste and bulky waste has been missed. The polluter pays principle is only partially applied. There has been little progress in managing waste from the health sector.
Energy consumption.
Luxembourg is uber-dependent (99% in 2005) on energy imports of oil and of natural gas, the latter increasingly contributing to electricity generation since 2002. Energy consumption and CO2 emissions per capita are the highest in the EU-27. Use of fuel for road transport is around double the EU-27 average. While electricity production from small-scale hydro power has stabilized in recent years, contributions from onshore wind, solar PV, and biogas have now started to increase.
Sustainable development.
Despite its growing GDP and population, Luxembourg has made progress in decoupling environmental pressures from economic growth and has developed a National Plan for Sustainable Development. The annual vehicle tax is now calculated as a function of CO2 emissions. A National Plan for Energy Efficiency has been introduced, together with economic incentives targeted at the construction industry. A national body has been created to provide information and advice on energy savings and renewable energy. However, there are still problems in connection with CO2 emissions, especially as Luxembourg's economy is the most carbon-intensive in the OECD in per capita terms even though this is partly due to the sales of fuel to non-residents.
Current status.
The 2010 OECD review of Luxembourg's environmental performance highlighed areas requiring special attention. In 2007, GHG emissions were at their 1990 level. Luxembourg's action plan will not be able to achieve the ambitious target (-28% below 1990 levels) set under the Kyoto Protocol and the EU burden-sharing agreement. CO2 emissions per capita are the highest in the OECD, with a significant portion from international road transport. GHG emissions from the steel industry have sharply declined with replacement of blast furnaces by electric arc furnaces while transport emissions have risen with the growing number of crossborder travellers and higher sales of diesel and gasoline as a result of Luxembourg's comparatively low prices. The country is unlikely to meet its NOx emission reduction goals (52% below 1990 by 2010) set under the Gothenburg Protocol to the Convention on Longrange Transboundary Air Pollution. Compliance with international commitments is lagging, particularly with respect to the EU environmental directives. Luxembourg has been cited on several occasions for infractions of European environmental legislation (urban waste water, nitrates, integrated prevention and reduction of pollution).

</doc>
<doc id="31015671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015671" title="Martin Heydon">
Martin Heydon

Martin Heydon (born 9 August 1978) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kildare South constituency at the 2011 general election. He was a member of Kildare County Council for the Athy electoral area from 2009 to 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31015674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015674" title="Charles William Kelsey">
Charles William Kelsey

Charles William Kelsey (1877–1975) was a Canadian artist best known for his stained glass work. He was born in 1877 in England.
He trained in England. He emigrated to Montreal, Quebec in 1922. He designed and painted stained glass windows with the Montreal Art Glass Works.
Works.
His stained glass designs can be found in England, Australia, the United States and in over sixty-eight churches in Canada. His main patrons were the Anglican and United Churches.

</doc>
<doc id="31015676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015676" title="Arthur Humbles">
Arthur Humbles

Albert Arthur Humbles (c. 1911–19x) was an English cyclist who set the world endurance cycling record by covering 36,007 miles during the calendar year of 1932. He broke the previous best mark that had stood since Marcel Planes completed 34,366 miles in 1911 in response to "Cycling" magazine's 'Century Competition'.
In 1933, Humbles entered the Golden Book of Cycling as the greatest long-distance rider in the world. He rode in a year, averaging 100.019 miles per day for the 360 days that he rode.
Personal life.
Humbles lived in North London during the time of his record bid. In later life he ran a bicycle shop on Bridge Street in Whitby, Yorkshire.
World endurance record.
In 1911 the weekly magazine "Cycling" began a competition for the greatest distance cycled in a single year. The first holder was Marcel Planes of France, with . The record has been established nine times. A tenth claim, by the English rider Ken Webb, was later disallowed.
Humbles wanted to demonstrate that an ordinary clubman could break the long-standing world endurance record, so in 1932 cycling became a full-time occupation.
His daily average for 360 days was 100.019 miles per day for the 360 days that he rode. His longest ride in a single day was 172 miles and the shortest was 35 miles. His usual routes were out of London along the Great North Road, the Cambridge Road and the Newmarket Road. He also toured England and Wales, visiting places such as Alnwick, Clovelly, Bury St. Edmunds and Bere Regis.
He broke Marcel Planes' record by riding the 34,367th mile through Hyde Park, London, on December 11, reportedly followed by 3,000 cyclists.
The Golden Book.
Humbles' achievements were celebrated in 1933 when Cycling Weekly awarded him his own page in the Golden Book of Cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="31015681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015681" title="Hamza Boulemdaïs">
Hamza Boulemdaïs

Hamza Boulemdaïs (born November 22, 1982 in Constantine) is an Algerian football player. He is currently playing for CS Constantine in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Club career.
On July 6, 2011, Boulemdaïs announced that he would be joining JS Kabylie at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="31015722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015722" title="Cecil De Pauley">
Cecil De Pauley

William Cecil de Pauley (1893-30 March 1968) was a Church of Ireland bishop and author in the 20th century.
De Pauley was born in Portrush and educated at the Coleraine Academical Institution and Trinity College, Dublin. He was a curate at Enniscorthy and Booterstown before becomingProfessor of Systematic Theology at St. John's College, University of Manitoba in Canada. His next positions were incumbencies at St Peter’s Athlone and St John’s Sligo before becoming Professor of Systematic Theology at Trinity College, Toronto from 1932 to 1939 and then the rector of St Matthias’ Dublin. He was Dean of St Patrick’s Cathedral, Dublin from 1950 to 1958 before becoming the Bishop of Cashel and Emly, Waterford and Lismore. He was still the diocese's bishop when he died on 30 March 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="31015726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015726" title="Seba">
Seba

Seba or SEBA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31015761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015761" title="Plain of Kosovo">
Plain of Kosovo

The plain of Kosovo is a plain which lies in the eastern part of Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="31015763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015763" title="Vrabec">
Vrabec

Vrabec is Czech surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31015765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015765" title="Moontaxi Media">
Moontaxi Media

Moontaxi Media Inc. was the first company in Canada to offer online music subscription services backed by licensing deals with major record labels in April 2002. In October 2003, the company would be the first to offer licensed music for sale in a digital format through its online store at Puretracks.com. Apple would launch its iTunes Music Store in Canada a year later in December 2004.
Founded in 2000 by Alistair Mitchell and Derek van der Plaat, Moontaxi started as an online stream hosting and music production company servicing radio stations such as JazzFM, i95.5, and EDGE 102.1; record companies, such as Universal Music and EMI, and brands such as The Beer Store, Park Hyatt Hotels and Air Canada. Moontaxi signed its first licensing deal with EMI Canada in December 2001 and launched its commercial web site around that time. The site made its channels search-able through the IE radio links as well as at the Windows Media web site and player driving tremendous traffic to its channels.
Rise to Top Ten Online Music network in North America.
By 2002 Moontaxi had licensing deals with Universal Music Canada, EMI Canada and Sony Canada to stream their songs on Moontaxi's Internet radio stations and later that year Moontaxi.com had grown to one of North America ’s most popular destination music streaming sites, featuring over 100 Internet music channels across a wide range of music genres.
Launch of Puretracks and Pureradio.
Moontaxi launched the Puretracks music download service in October 2003 accompanied by a national media campaign featuring eye-catching icons such as a baby in KISS make-up and a lamb in a Madonna bustier. The service included content from all of the major record companies as well as numerous independent labels. The music format was a rights managed Windows Media Audio (WMA) CODEC mostly of 192 kbps compression quality. Prices started at $0.99 per song but would later range from $0.79 to $1.39 per song. Puretracks sold over 1 million songs in its first six months.
Prepaid Cards.
The company sold prepaid cards in over 3,000 retail outlets and used them to promote Canadian artists such as k-os.
Music Promotion.
Puretracks ran an active consumer product promotional business providing free music downloads with consumer products.
CD Burning Kiosks.
Puretracks also placed music burning kiosks in music stores and clubs. The kiosks held several hundred thousand licensed songs that could be burned to a personalized CD. 
Sale to Bell Canada.
In 2006 Moontaxi changed its name to Puretracks and a controlling stake was sold to Bell Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31015794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015794" title="HMIS Rajputana (J197)">
HMIS Rajputana (J197)

HMIS "Rajputana" (J197) was a "Bangor"-class minesweeper which served in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) during World War II.
History.
HMIS "Rajputana" was ordered from Lobnitz & Co. originally for the Royal Navy as HMS "Lyme Regis" in 1940. However, before she was launched, she was transferred to the Royal Indian Navy and eventually commissioned as "Rajputana". She served in the RIN during World War II.
Operations in World War II.
"Rajputana" was a part of the Eastern Fleet, and escorted numerous convoys between Africa, British India and Australia in 1943-45. She took part in Operation Dracula, the invasion of Rangoon, in May 1945, and in September 1945, carried out minesweeping operations off Singapore prior to the formal surrender of Japanese forces in South East Asia.
Post-war service.
In 1947, the Partition of India resulted in the Royal Indian Navy being split between India and Pakistan. Of eight "Bangor"-class minesweepers in the pre-partition navy, four were transferred to Pakistan, with "Rajputana" one of the ships that remained in the Royal Indian Navy, which was renamed the Indian Navy in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="31015796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015796" title="Michael Snediker">
Michael Snediker

Michael D Snediker is a well-known poet and a scholar of American literature and disability theory. He was a Queens National Scholar and Associate Professor of American Literature at Queen’s University, in Kingston, Ontario. His poetry has appeared in "The Cortland Review",1 The Paris Review,2 "Blip Magazine", "The Beloit Poetry Journal", "Blackwarrior Review", "Court Green", "Crazyhorse", "Jubilat", "Margie", "Pleiades". He has been nominated twice for the prestigious Pushcart Prize. His widely reviewed book "Queer Optimism: Lyric Personhood and Other Felicitous Persuasions" (University of Minnesota Press, 2008). offers new readings of the poetry of Emily Dickinson, Hart Crane, Elizabeth Bishop, and Jack Spicer. He is currently at work on a new book, on “The Aesthetics of Disability: American Literature and Figurative Contingency.” He received his Ph.D in English from The Johns Hopkins University. He currently teaches at the University of Houston. 
Poetry.
"The Apartment of Tragic Appliances" (Punctum, 2013)
"Bourdon" (White Rabbit Press, 2010).
"Nervous Pastoral" (Dove/tail Press, 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="31015812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015812" title="Double Trouble (Lynyrd Skynyrd song)">
Double Trouble (Lynyrd Skynyrd song)

"Double Trouble" is a song by Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, written by Ronnie Van Zant and Allen Collins, which was recorded in 1975. It appears on the band fourth album, "Gimme Back My Bullets", and was released as a single in the United States. It peaked at number 80 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and at number 86 on the Cash Box Top 100 Singles.
Content.
The song features Ronnie Van Zant singing about how he is a troublemaker. Lyrics include "Double Trouble, is what my friends all call me". The song also features backup vocals from The Honkettes.

</doc>
<doc id="31015819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015819" title="Veréb">
Veréb

Veréb, Vereb is Hungarian surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31015823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015823" title="Soe">
Soe

Soe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31015839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015839" title="Bombing of France during World War II">
Bombing of France during World War II

Between the German victory in the Battle of France and the liberation of the country, the Western Allies bombed many locations in France. In all 1,570 French cities and towns were bombed by Anglo-American forces between June 1940 and May 1945. The total number of civilians killed was 68,778 men, women and children. (including the 1,700 civilians killed in Royan). 
The total number of injured was more than 100,000. The total number of houses completely destroyed by the bombings was 432,000, the number of partly destroyed houses 890,000. The most destroyed cities were the following:
The bombings in Normandy before and after D-Day were especially terrible. The famous French historian Henri Amouroux in "La Grande histoire des Français sous l’Occupation", says that 20,000 civilians were killed in Calvados department, 10,000 in Seine-Maritime, 14,800 in the Manche, 4,200 in the Orne, around 3,000 in the Eure. All together, that makes more than 50 000 killed. During the year 1943 alone, 7,458 French civilians died under allied bombs. The most terrible allied bombings during the German occupation were these: Boulogne-Billancourt near Paris (2–3 March 1942, more than 600 killed people), Saint-Nazaire (9, 14, 17 and 18 November 1942, 228 dead), Rennes (8 mars 1943, 299 dead), Boulogne-Billancourt again (4 April 1943, 403 dead), Le Portel (8 September 1943, 510 dead), Paris western suburbs (9 and 15 September 1943, 395 dead), Nantes (16 and 23 September 1943, 1,247 dead), Toulon (24 November 1943, 450 dead), Lille (9–10 April 1944, 450 dead), Rouen (18–19 April 1944, 900 dead), Noisy-le-Sec (18–19 April 1944, 464 dead), Paris-La Chapelle (20–21 April 1944, 670 dead), Sartrouville (27–28 May 1944, 400 dead), Orléans (19 and 23 May 1944, 300 dead), Saint-Etienne (26 May 1944, more than 1,000 dead), Lyon (26 May 1944, 717 dead), Marseille (27 May 1944, 1,752 dead), Avignon (27 May 1944, 525 dead), Lisieux (6–7 June 1944, 700 dead), Vire (6–7 June 1944, 400 dead), Caen (6–7 June 1944, more than 1,000 dead), Le Havre (5–11 September 1944, more than 5,000 dead), Royan (5 January 1945, 1,700 dead), etc. During the day of May 27 alone, 1944, 3,012 French civilians were killed by Anglo-American bombings on Marseille, Avignon, Nîmes, Amiens, Sartrouville, Maisons-Laffitte and Eauplet.

</doc>
<doc id="31015841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015841" title="Waris">
Waris

Waris may refer to:
Meaning: Waris is a urdu word which means "belongs to the last one"
Example: He is waris of the whole property.

</doc>
<doc id="31015850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015850" title="Diaphorina">
Diaphorina

Diaphorina is an Old World genus of sap-sucking hemipteran bugs in the family, Liviidae. It includes an important pest of citrus: the Asian citrus psyllid, "D. citri". The genus contains some 68 to 74 species.

</doc>
<doc id="31015851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015851" title="Allen Blairman">
Allen Blairman

Allen Blairman (born August 13, 1940, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American jazz drummer best known for his collaboration with Albert Ayler and Mal Waldron
Allen Blairman has lived in Heidelberg, Germany since 1971.
Career.
In 1968 Blairman moved to New York, where he worked with Charles Mingus, Chet Baker and Archie Shepp. In 1970 he played with Albert Ayler at the Fondation Maeght in France. In 1972 he toured Europe with Karl Berger. He recorded with Mal Waldron for Enja, and with Albert Mangelsdorff. In 1976 he played with German Jazz rock groupe Embryo. In France he collaborated with Bireli Lagrene. In 1991 he recorded "Life at the Montreux Music Festival" in trio-formation with Günter Lenz and Uli Lenz.

</doc>
<doc id="31015852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015852" title="Vorobey">
Vorobey

Vorobey, Vorobei () is Ukrainian surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31015866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015866" title="John Digby (MP)">
John Digby (MP)

John Digby (1618 – 17 March 1664) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1642. He fought on the Royalist side in the English Civil War and died as a priest at a convent in France.
Digby was born in London, the son of John Digby, 1st Earl of Bristol, and his wife Beatrix Walcot, daughter of Charles Walcot of Walcot Shropshire. He matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford, on 12 May 1634, aged 16.
In November 1640, Digby was elected Member of Parliament for Milborne Port in the Long Parliament. In 1641 after his brother George Digby was accelerated to the House of Lords, John perched himself on a ladder at the door of the chamber which the speaker, William Lenthall took as an act of disrespect and insubordination and told him to take his place, and not to sit upon the ladder as if he were going to be hanged. Another MP Richard King complained that the Speaker had transgressed his duty in using so disgraceful a speech to so noble a gentleman and after some turmoil obtained a conditional apology. 
During the civil war Digby supported the King and was disabled on 5 August 1642. He was a general of horse under Ralph, Lord Hopton.
In 1660, Digby "a most holy devout person" became a priest at a convent of English Benedictines at Pontoise which was built that year. In March 1666 members of the community including Digby planned a visit to England. It was noted that "Mr Digby was a severe man to himself, and fasted Lent most strictly and having a great weakness in his head by the many wounds he had received in the wars, was subject to pains in his head in those wounds; and fasting this Lent with nothing but a mess of peas porridge and bread, being a corpulant man became weak of his head by it. And some day or two before the designed journy, in the night fell into an apoplex, was annealed and died the next day." The convent at Pontoise contained his tomb which was inscribed "Hic jacet umbra, et pulvis, et nihil."

</doc>
<doc id="31015872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015872" title="William Herbert Fowler">
William Herbert Fowler

William Herbert Fowler (28 May 1856 – 13 April 1941), also known as Bill Fowler and Herbert Fowler, was an English amateur cricketer who played 26 first-class cricket matches during the 1880s, principally for Somerset County Cricket Club. He was an all-rounder who was best known for his big-hitting when batting. He was also a famous golf course architect, and designed Walton Heath Golf Club among many others in the United Kingdom and United States.
Early and personal life.
Fowler was born in Tottenham, London as the son of William Fowler, a barrister, and Rachel Maria, née Howard. In 1893, he worked as a banker, and during this time, he invested heavily, especially in the Americas.
Cricket career.
Fowler began his county cricket career at Essex County Cricket Club in 1877. A move to Somerset in the late 1870s saw him switch counties, and he began playing for Somerset County Cricket Club in 1879. His first-class debut was not for a county team, but instead for the well-known Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in 1880. Facing Cambridge University, Fowler scored 36 runs in his only innings. He passed 50 for the first time in his following match, also for the MCC, scoring 61 runs after opening the innings against Oxford University. He played in Somerset's first ever first-class match in 1882, opening the innings alongside Edward Sainsbury, but his scores of 9 and 18 were the county's highest in each innings as they lost the match by an innings. Later that season, playing against the MCC at Lord's, Fowler had his best bowling performance in first-class cricket, claiming four wickets during his seven overs, conceding just eight runs. In the same match, having scored a duck in the first innings, he scored 23 in the second, which included a boundary which travelled a reputed 157 yards before landing, leaving the ground. When the MCC visited Taunton that season, he reached his highest total in first-class cricket, totalling 139, his innings scattered with boundaries.
The 1882 season was Fowler's best with the bat in first-class cricket; the following year he failed to score a half-century, despite batting in 18 innings, and his average of 12.27 was significantly lower than the 21.36 he had managed the previous season. He only appeared twice for Somerset in 1884, and also played a side representing the South of England, and the MCC during the year. During the match for the MCC, played against Oxford University, he struck his final half-century, top-scoring for his side in the first innings with 60 runs. His final appearance in first-class cricket came the following season during the same fixture, during which he scored 8 and 20. He played occasionally for Somerset in 1887 and 1888, when they had lost their first-class status.
Fowler was known as a bit-hitter of the ball, his 157-yard strike at Lord's in 1882 was reckoned to be one of the longest hits in first-class cricket at the time. A tall player, he was reckoned to weigh around 14 or 15 stone. David Foot describes him as "perhaps the earliest Somerset batsman to parade the fundamental skills of slogging." His drive was compared to his golf drive.
Golf career.
Cricket dominated Fowler's free time during his early years, and he played golf for the first time in 1879, aged 23 after a business trip to Bideford, Devon. A Royal Navy Captain took him to a course at Westward Ho!. He played the game with borrowed clubs, but after enjoying it he became a member of the club and continued to play. He won the handicap prize in the club's autumn tournament, but his cricketing commitments curtailed his involvement in the game during the 1880s. He returned to the game a decade later, winning a medal at Westward Ho!, playing as a scratch golfer. His improvement was marked; a 1901 newspaper described it: "A few years ago he was unknown and as he is now in his mid-forties his recent exploits appear particularly brilliant. He drives almost as far as James Braid, the Open champion." He finished joint 26th in the 1900 Open Championship, and competed for England against Scotland in each year from 1903–1905. He was known as an eccentric player, often varying the size of the balls and clubs with which he played: "Mr. Fowler putts sometimes with a driving iron but often uses a mallet which looks like a sandwich box with a stick stuck through the middle."
Fowler's brother-in-law, Sir Cosmo Bonsor approached him in 1899 about the possibility of making a golf course on Walton Heath, in Surrey, England. Three years later, Bonsor bought the ground and gave Fowler the task of designing the course. Fowler's first opinion was that "there was very little to make one suppose that a first-class course could be made upon it [Walton Heath]." When the course was opened in 1904, it was an instant success. He believed strongly that courses should follow the contours of the land, and have a natural feeling, shunning the use of "man-made contrivances", believing that topography could test the world's best golfers just as adequately. He had strong views on many aspects of a golf course, including bunkers, which he believed should have gradual slopes to allow the ball to roll to the base. Contemporaries suggested that he designed large courses that would favour big hitters such as himself, but Fowler strenuously denied this, always claiming that they were designed with fairness in mind. He was described in a book by Bernard Darwin as "perhaps the most daring and original of all golfing architects, and gifted with an inspired eye for the possibility of a golfing country". He designed a number of other golf courses in the United Kingdom and the United States, including the Crystal Springs Course, Beau Desert Course, and in 1922 he redesigned the 18th hole of the Pebble Beach Golf Links. He had been hired to redesign the Del Monte Golf Course, but also made some suggestions to update the Pebble Beach course, which were ignored. However, during a 1921 championship, the course owners received complaints about the short 18th hole, and asked Fowler to resolve the problem. He added just under 200 yards to the hole, transforming it from a 379-yard par 4 to a 548-yard par 5.

</doc>
<doc id="31015880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015880" title="Dagfin Werenskiold">
Dagfin Werenskiold

Dagfin Werenskiold (16 October 1892 – 29 June 1977) was a Norwegian sculptor and painter. 
He was born in Bærum as son of Norwegian painter and illustrator Erik Werenskiold, and brother of geologist Werner Werenskiold. He first learned drawing from his father. In 1911, he first went on a study trip to Paris and in 1913 to Provence. Werenskiold had further study in France from 1920 to 1923. 
Dagfin Werenskiold made several relief works, including the bronze doors of the Oslo Cathedral in 1937 with scenes from the Sermon on the Mount. He also made decorations at St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota and altarpieces for Hornindal Church at Hornindal in Sogn og Fjordane County and Sandefjord Church at Sandefjord in Vestfold county.
Among his works are the painting "Jørgen Tjønnstaul" in the National Gallery of Norway, a head sculpture of Fridtjof Nansen, and "Yggdrasilfrisen" in Oslo City Hall. He illustrated the 1939 edition of Nordahl Rolfsen's readers, and editions of Norwegian fairytales.

</doc>
<doc id="31015885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015885" title="TGS Hates Women">
TGS Hates Women

"TGS Hates Women" is the of the fifth season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", and the 96th overall episode of the series. It was written by co-executive producer Ron Weiner and directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller. The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) network in the United States on February 24, 2011. Guest stars in this episode include Cristin Milioti and Chloë Grace Moretz.
In the episode, "The Girlie Show with Tracy Jordan" ("TGS") is accused of being misogynistic, so Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) hires a female writer, Abby Flynn (Cristin Milioti) in order to prove that it isn't. However, she becomes frustrated when it turns out that Abby is provocative and extremely stereotypical. At the same time, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) formulates a plan to one day become the CEO of Kabletown, but to do that he needs to eliminate his competition, the current CEO's granddaughter, Kaylee Hooper (Chloë Grace Moretz).
This episode of "30 Rock" received mixed reviews from television critics. According to Nielsen Media Research, "TGS Hates Women" was watched by 4.501 million viewers during its original broadcast, and received a 2.3 rating/6 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic.
Plot.
A feminist blog entitled "Joan of Snark" accuses "The Girlie Show with Tracy Jordan" ("TGS") of being misogynistic due to their lack of female writers and detracting, stereotypical portrayal of female characters. Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) takes the accusation to heart, and begins to wonder if it is true, when she remembers that the last show, in the absence of Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan), had focused entirely on Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) getting her period in different guises, including those of Amelia Earhart and Hillary Clinton. In order to address the criticism, Liz decides to hire an up-and-coming comedienne named Abby Flynn (Cristin Milioti), but becomes frustrated when she turns out to be an embarrassing female stereotype, and so seeks to uncover her real personality.
Meanwhile, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) plots to someday become the CEO of Kabletown, but in order to do that he must first eliminate the competition: the current CEO's granddaughter, Kaylie Hooper (Chloë Grace Moretz). He decides to meet Kaylie, whereupon he discovers that she has little interest in following in her grandfather's footsteps, wanting instead to become a marine biologist. Jack further encourages her along this career path, even introducing her to Bob Ballard, the man who discovered the wreck of the "Titanic". However, his efforts begin to work against him, as he yearns for his own childhood dreams of marine biology.
Both Liz and Jack's respective plans backfire. Liz discovers that Abby Flynn's real name is Abby Grossman, and that the real reason she is hiding her identity is because her psychopathic ex-husband is hunting her down. This revelation causes a panicked Abby to rush out of the "TGS" writers room, screaming that Liz is a Judas to women everywhere. Meanwhile, Jack discovers that Kaylie has no interest in marine biology. She had, in fact, found out about his own interest by reading his book, "Jack Attack", and was attempting to use it against him in the same way he was against her.
Cultural references.
The blog "Joan of Snark" and its criticism of "The Girly Show" (TGS) refers to a spat between the blog Jezebel and "The Daily Show" over the hiring of model and former G4 TV co-host Olivia Munn as a correspondent.
The character of Abby Flynn/Abby Grossman may refer to comedian Janeane Garofalo (SNL Season 20), who quit "Saturday Night Live" after a year, accusing the show's producers and cast of treating female talent poorly.
Abby Flynn/Abby Grossman says that her ex-boyfriend tried to run her over with her car after being electrocuted while watching "Sleeping with the Enemy", to which Jenna says that she was cut out of it. Afterwards, Abby receives a box in which her ex suggests putting her head and also saying that he was electrocuted again while watching "Se7en".
Production.
This episode of "30 Rock" was written by co-executive producer Ron Weiner and directed by Beth McCarthy Miller. This was Weiner's eighth writing credit, and McCarthy-Miller's twelfth directed episode. "TGS Hates Women" originally aired in the United States on February 24, 2011, on NBC as the sixteenth episode of the show's fifth season and the 96th overall episode of the series.
Actresses Cristin Milioti and Chloë Grace Moretz guest starred in the episode, the latter playing Kaylee Hooper, the granddaughter of Hank Hooper. Actor Tracy Morgan was absent from the episode, his second absence after the previous episode "It's Never Too Late for Now". Morgan had undergone a kidney transplantation, and would miss several episodes of the series whilst recovering. Some of the exterior shots of Chloë Grace Moretz's character's school were filmed outside the Museum of the City of New York, the same location formerly used by CW TV show "Gossip Girl"
Reception.
According to Nielsen Media Research, "TGS Hates Women" was watched by 4.501 million viewers in its original American broadcast. It earned a 2.3 rating/6 share in the 18–49 demographic. This was an increase from the previous episode, "It's Never Too Late for Now", which was watched by 4.072 million American viewers.
The episode received generally, though not universally, positive reviews from television critics. Alan Sepinwall of HitFix praised Moretz's performance, describing Kaylee Hooper as "wonderfully played" and opining that "Alec Baldwin is often at his funniest in this role when Jack is going up against a completely ridiculous foe or obstacle, and I think a 14-year-old schemer makes a better foil for him than, say, Devon Banks has been". Ian McDonald of TV Overmind agreed, calling Jack's plot the "saving grace of the episode", and describing Liz's plot as "a chore to sit through, mostly because Milioti played the role of the female gross-out comic so believably that it became grating on nerves."
Kelsea Stahler of Hollywood.com remarked: "the plot resembled a little spat between "The Daily Show" and feminist blog Jezebel a while back when the blog railed on "The Daily Show" for being anti-feminist for hiring hottie correspondent Olivia Munn". However, she concluded that the episode was a "downward shift" and that, despite the interesting subject matter, it ultimately had not accomplished anything.
Rebecca Traister at Salon.com said: "To dig deeply – and wittily – into these ultimately unsolvable but real issues, especially with direct tributes to places like Jezebel and more broadly the feminist critique of media powerhouses like Stewart's "Daily Show" or of Fey herself, is to pay them the honor of taking them seriously – seriously comedically." Traister characterized the episode as "Fey's clever, direct admission that she's been paying attention.".

</doc>
<doc id="31015908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015908" title="HMIS Orissa (J200)">
HMIS Orissa (J200)

HMIS "Orissa" (J200) was a "Bangor" class minesweeper which served in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) during World War II.
History.
HMIS "Orissa" was ordered from Lobnitz & Co. originally for the Royal Navy as HMS "Clydebank" in 1940. However, before she was launched, she was transferred to the Royal Indian Navy and eventually commissioned as "Orissa". She served in the RIN during World War II.
Operations in World War II.
HMIS "Orissa" was a part of the Eastern Fleet, and escorted numerous convoys between Africa, British India and Australia in 1943-45.
On 11 June 1942, "Orissa" rescued 20 surviving crew of British tanker Geo H. Jones which had been torpedoed and sunk by German Navy U-boat U-455, northeast of the Azores in position 45º40'N, 22º40'W.
On 22 February 1944, "Orissa" with HMAS Tamworth rescued the surviving crew of the American tanker E.G. Seubert which was torpedoed and sunk by the German Navy U-boat U-510, about 200 nautical miles east of Aden in position 13º50'N, 48º49'E.

</doc>
<doc id="31015913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015913" title="Knut Hauge (writer)">
Knut Hauge (writer)

Knut Hauge (31 May 1911 – 13 April 1999) was a Norwegian writer.
He was born in Vestre Slidre, and worked as a farmer in addition to writing novels, children's books and plays. He also chaired Noregs Ungdomslag from 1955 to 1959. His first novel was "Krossen under Torfinnshø" in 1948, and his last novel was "Prolog til ei svunnen tid" in 1989. He won the Mads Wiel Nygaard's Endowment in 1967, the Aschehoug Prize in 1977 and the Dobloug Prize in 1986. 

</doc>
<doc id="31015936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015936" title="Sparv">
Sparv

Sparv is a Swedish surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31015941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015941" title="Charles Thomas Thomas">
Charles Thomas Thomas

Charles Thomas Thomas (master stone carver) (July 26, 1820-December 25, 1867) was a prominent Anglo-Canadian stone carver and builder in the mid 19th Century. He was the son of a stonemason (Charles Thomas, senior) and at least one brother (Frederick Thomas) was also a stonemason.
Early Life/Work.
Born in London, he trained in England under William Cubitt (1791-1863) and Company, one of England's prominent Victorian building contractors. Charles Thomas apprenticed with Cubitt and Company in the 1840s. William Cubitt and Company had several important commissions including: Covent Garden Market, Euston Station, repairs to Westminster Bridge, extension to National Gallery, etc.
Career.
1851.
In 1851 Charles Thomas travelled to North America. He was appointed foreman of works with the Works Department of the British Royal Navy, responsible for development of the strategic Royal Naval Dockyard, Bermuda.
1853-1856.
In 1853 Charles Thomas travelled to Canada to work with Worthington Brothers, a well known Toronto-based building contractor that specialized in sandstone construction. Charles Thomas supervised the stone work and is possibly responsible for stone carvings on the second Brock's Monument, (Queenston, Ontario) - a high profile public works project in Victorian Canada. Brock's Monument was designed by noted Toronto architect, William Thomas (no relation).
1857-1859.
In 1857 C.T. Thomas relocated to Cobourg, Ontario to become the master stone carver and contractor for the stone cutting on Cobourg's Victoria Hall, designed by Toronto architect, Kivas Tully. Again, Thomas was working with Worthington Brothers, using Cleveland sandstone quarried from a quarry owned and operated by John Worthington. The Victoria Hall stone carvings and ornamentation are considered among the finest in Canada. 
The Cobourg Star for July 7, 1858 reported on the progress being made by Charles Thomas on the main entrance to Victoria Hall (see photo, right), saying: 
""a vast amount of stone cutting has been accomplished ... The carvings on the spandrels of the chief entrance are exceedingly fine. They comprise the national emblems of the three United Kingdoms - the rose, the thistle, and the shamrock disposed on either side by an ancient lyre. These carvings together with the fine bearded face which forms the keystone of the arch photo above are the work of Mr Thomas, contractor for the stone cutting and they certainly do him very great credit"".
A handful of articles published between the 1960s to 1980s, incorrectly attributed credit for Victoria Hall's stone work to Toronto architect William Thomas, presumably based solely on the July 7, 1858 Cobourg newspaper article noted above (with its vague reference to "Mr. Thomas"). There is no documentation linking architect William Thomas to either the design or construction of Cobourg's Victoria Hall. Clearly the "Mr. Thomas" being referenced in the local newspaper is Charles T. Thomas considering the range of documentation outlined in this article.
C.T. Thomas was also contractor for the stonework on an impressive Bank of Montreal (demolished in 1960) in downtown Cobourg, designed by Montreal architect James H. Springle. 
While in Cobourg, Charles T. Thomas also established a stone masonry business. It was in operation from 1857 to 1859. Two works from this private enterprise are known to survive - an ornately carved sandstone grave marker for Thomas Lloyd in the form of a sandstone Celtic cross (located in St. Peter's Anglican Cemetery at 890 Ontario Street in Cobourg) and a white marble wall plaque honouring a prominent Cobourg citizen found inside St. Peter's Anglican Church in downtown Cobourg. Both of these surviving monuments are signed. "C.T. Thomas". In September 1858 the Cobourg newspaper reported on the production of the Celtic cross (see below). The article stated that the same "Mr. Thomas" that carved the Celtic grave marker was also responsible for the stone carvings on Victoria Hall.
1859-1866.
In 1859 Port Hope, Ontario building firm, Jones, Haycock and Company (principals: Ralph Jones, Edward Haycock and Thomas Curtis Clarke) won the contract to build the East and West Blocks of the Parliament Buildings in Ottawa, Ontario. Charles T. Thomas was recruited as Chief Superintendent of Works on this national public works project. The Canadian Parliament Buildings project was among the largest public works efforts in 19th Century Canada.
1866-1867.
On December 1, 1866 Charles T. Thomas relocated to Quincy, Illinois to become Master Stonemason and Superintendent of Stone Masonry on the construction of a massive railway bridge over the Mississippi River for the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railway. The bridge was designed by Thomas Curtis Clarke of Port Hope, Ontario, Canada, who would soon become one of the most celebrated civil engineers in North America. C.T. Thomas met Clarke while living in Cobourg (only a few miles east of Clarke's town of Port Hope). C.T. Thomas first joined Clarke on the Ottawa Parliament Buildings project then the Quincy Bridge (which opened in 1868).
Death.
In the Fall of 1867 Charles Thomas was supervising the lifting of rocks on a derrick when the structure collapsed, crushing his left leg. It had to be amputated but an infection set in and he died on December 25, 1867. His remains were returned to Ottawa where he was buried.
Obituary.
His obituary was published in the December 28, 1867 issue of the Ottawa Times newspaper:
""A short time since it became our painful duty to record a sad accident to our late fellow townsman, Mr. Charles T. Thomas, which rendered necessary the amputation of a leg. Subsequent to the amputation he suffered very greatly, and afterwards a fever set in which ended in death on Christmas Day. The remains will be brought to this city for interment, arriving next Tuesday morning. The funeral will be at- tended by the Masons and members of the St. George's Society, of which due notice will be given. The deceased gentleman was, during the erection of the Departmental Buildings in this city, Chief Superintendent of Works, under Messrs. Jones, Haycock and Co., and in that capacity earned for himself a high reputation for zeal and integrity. He was a skilled and experienced stonemason, several years of his life having been passed in the employ of Messrs. Cubit and Co., the eminent contractors of London, England. Mr. Thomas was for sometime Superintendent of Public Works under the Imperial Government of Bermuda, which place he left for Canada about the year 1852; since then and up to the moment of the sad accident resulting in his death, he was engaged as subcontractor in the erection of many important buildings on this continent. The present national monument at Queenston reared by a grateful people to the memory of the "Gallant Brock," was erected under his supervision, so was the Montreal Bank and Town Hall in Cobourg, the latter considered to be one of the handsomest buildings in the Dominion. The subject of our notice was in every respect an excellent man. In business he was strictly correct in all his transactions; as a husband and father, most affectionate, as a philanthropist, his peer was not to be found in this city. In his death the St. George's Society experience the loss of a most indefatigable member, and with us, they mourn over the sad event which has removed him from our intercourse, and deeply sympathize with his bereaved widow and afflicted family"."
References.
·Bermuda Pocket Almanac, 1851. 
·"Who Was T.C. Clarke, C.E.", SSAC Bulletin, Vol. 17, No. 4, December 1992, Journal of the Society for the Study of Architecture in Canada (SSAC), Ottawa.
·Quincy Daily Herald, 27 October 1867 and 27 December 1867.
·Cobourg Star, 3 August 1859 (from original bound volume, Baldwin Room, Metro Toronto Reference Library). 
·The Cobourg Star of 15 September 1858 noted, in an article about the Thomas Lloyd's Celtic grave marker, carved and signed by C.T. Thomas:
“This beautiful monument consists of an upright block of Ohio free-stone, most admirably carved by Mr Thomas, whose ability as a Sculptor has already been displayed upon our Town Hall … we cannot but express our sincere hope and desire that the erection of this truly ornamental monument may be the means of introducing a better and more tasteful style of gravestone than at present encumber and disfigure our public cemeteries."” (Note: From original bound volume among the holdings of the Baldwin Room, Toronto Reference Library. The base of the gravemarker is signed: "C.T. Thomas, Cobourg". If there is any lingering doubt about who rendered Victoria Hall's stone work then this newspaper article is, in evidentiary terms, the proverbial "smoking gun".
·"Who Was T.C. Clarke, C.E.", SSAC Bulletin, By Jim Leonard, Vol. 17, No. 4, December 1992, Journal of the Society for the Study of Architecture in Canada (SSAC), Ottawa.
·Charles Thomas - A Stonemason's Legacy Restored", By Jim Leonard, SSAC Bulletin, Vol. 14, No. 3, December 1989, Journal of the Society for the Study of Architecture in Canada, (SSAC), Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="31015957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015957" title="St. Thomas' School (New Delhi)">
St. Thomas' School (New Delhi)

St Thomas’ School, New Delhi (or STS) is located at Karol Bagh and Mandir Marg, India. It is an institution run by the Diocese of Delhi, Church of North India, dedicated to the education of girls. STS is recognized by the Department of Education, Delhi and is permanently affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education and prepares students for the All India Senior School Certificate Examination.
Mrs. Anuradha Amos is the principal and Mrs. Cynthia Manoharan is the manager and former principal of the school. The motto of the school is Light To Lighten.
History.
St.Thomas' School was founded in 1930 by an English missionary, Miss Helen Jerwood, at Mandir Marg and Karol Bagh. The aim of Jerwood was to establish an institution for the girl child.
Campus.
The school is divided into two, the junior school is in Karol Bagh and the senior school is in Mandir Marg. Junior school has classes till Grade V and the rest are in the senior building. Each school has a library. The senior library has 18000 books, 40 periodicals and magazines and 6 daily newspapers. The senior school has an auditorium, the Helen Jerwood Auditorium named after the founder of the school. Both the buildings have a playground and a garden.
The senior school has four science labs, two computer rooms, a music and dance room, a geography lab, a home science lab, an art room and a theater room. The junior school has a science lab, and a music and dance room. Both the schools have open stages for theater.
School magazine & E-newsletter.
The school magazine - The Jyoti Magazine - covers events organized by the schools and also features students articles, poems, and jokes. It is published in English, Hindi, Sanskrit and French.
The school E-newsletter - Impact- is made by the students of the school and edited by the editorial board of the school.
School Cabinet.
The school elects a cabinet every year. The cabinet has a Prime Minister as the head. A ceremony is held each year announcing the cabinet election results. The school encourages leadership skills and also introduces students to the democratic system of government.
present prime minister-Nishtha Sanduja.(2013–14)
Uniform.
The summer uniform is a white shirt, a light green skirt, white nylon socks and black adidas shoes.
The winter uniform is a full sleeves white blouse with a dark green and brown check skirt, a brownish mustard blazer with the school emblem, a full sleeves sweater of the same color as the blazer and green woollen socks. There is a green muffler in addition to the uniform.
Houses.
The school is divided into four houses honouring four women icons:

</doc>
<doc id="31015962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015962" title="Ster van Zwolle">
Ster van Zwolle

The Ster van Zwolle is a single-day bicycle road race held annually in Zwolle, in the Dutch region of Overijssel. Since 2011, it is organized as a 1.2 event on the UCI Europe Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="31015971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015971" title="Lovebox Live Tour">
Lovebox Live Tour

Lovebox Live Tour is the second live CD by singer Beni. The album contains a bonus song named "ONLY ONE" and is the insert song for the movie "ランウェイ☆ビート" (Runway Beat). This release also contains a DVD that contains live footage of Beni's tour on 4 November 2010 in Zepp Tokyo hall.

</doc>
<doc id="31015973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015973" title="Bad Night for the Blues">
Bad Night for the Blues

Bad Night for the Blues is a 15-minute comedy film written and directed by Chris Shepherd and produced by Maria Manton. First transmitted on the BBC on the 27 February 2011 and later in France on the 2 April 2011 as a part of Mickrocine on Canal+ Cinecinema. Other countries to transmit the film include Spain, Italy and Africa. Its the last film to be made by production company Slinky Pictures.
Based on a real life event. Chris takes his Aunty to her local Conservative Club for Christmas party only to find his Aunty has a grudge with another club member Elizabeth. As the night unfolds Chis has trouble controlling his Aunty as the night descends further into embarrassing conflict. 
Awards.
2011.
UK Film Council and BBC Film Network presents a Slinky Pictures production made in association with vision+media.

</doc>
<doc id="31015979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015979" title="Iran (journal)">
Iran (journal)

"Iran: Journal of the British Institute of Persian Studies" is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering Iranian studies. It is published by the British Institute of Persian Studies and the editors-in-chief are C. Edmund Bosworth and Cameron A. Petrie.

</doc>
<doc id="31015985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015985" title="Peter Mathews (politician)">
Peter Mathews (politician)

Peter Mathews (born August 1951) is an Irish politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South constituency at the 2011 general election. He sits as an independent TD, having lost the Fine Gael parliamentary party whip in July 2013. He left the Fine Gael party in October 2013.
He has been a panelist on "Tonight with Vincent Browne" during the Irish financial crisis.
Mathews attended Gonzaga College and went on to study Commerce at University College Dublin. He is married to Susan and they have four children. Mathews joined the Progressive Democrats on its foundation but left shortly afterwards.
He is a qualified Chartered Accountant, and has worked for Coopers & Lybrand (now PwC) and ICC Bank. Before entering politics, he was a consultant on banking and finance, and a media commentator.
On 14 March 2012, the Government was defeated in a vote taken at a meeting of the Oireachtas finance committee after numerous Fine Gael TDs went missing. The motion, tabled by Mathews who was then forced to vote against it following threats from his colleagues, proposed that Central Bank Governor Patrick Honohan be forced to appear before the Oireachtas finance committee by the end of the month.
Mathews was expelled from the Fine Gael parliamentary party on 2 July 2013 when he defied the party whip by voting against the "Protection of Life During Pregnancy Bill 2013". On 13 September 2013, he and six other expellees formed the Reform Alliance, described as a "loose alliance" rather than a political party.
On 3 October 2013, he resigned from the Fine Gael party.

</doc>
<doc id="31015988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015988" title="Bydgoszcz Główna railway station">
Bydgoszcz Główna railway station

Bydgoszcz Główna (Polish for Bydgoszcz Main station, sometimes also translated as Bydgoszcz Central) is the principal railway station serving the city of Bydgoszcz, the largest city and co-capital of Poland's Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship.
History.
The first station building in Bydgoszcz was established in 1851 during construction of the Prussian Eastern Railway from Krzyz to Königsberg. On 25 July 1851 the station was inaugurated upon the event of the official opening of the railway east of Krzyz - Bydgoszcz (145 km) by the Prussian king, William IV. Before the opening, the station was decorated and a show was held on the square in front of it, during which a regional folk band from Kujawy, who sang in Polish, performed. The first passenger train available for travellers departed from Bydgoszcz on 27 July 1851. In 1853, officials of the Eastern Railway Division moved from the station to purpose-built premises on the New Market.
With the development of rail and transport growth there was demand for an extension of the railway station. One of the main reasons that made the extension necessary was the need to ensure adequate space to base the burgeoning Eastern Railway Headquarters in Bydgoszcz, which managed the construction, operation and maintenance of railway traffic in the eastern provinces of Prussia (east of Berlin).
The station was again rebuilt in 1861 and 1870, the latter providing the station with increased passenger processing facilities.
In 1888, the station was linked with the centre of the city by trams, initially using horse traction, and then, from 1896, using a new electrically operated and powered generation of trams. In 1889 officials of the Directorate of Railways left the station premises and moved to a newly built building on Dworcowa Street.
In 1910, after a fire at the station, work began on an entirely new building. This was completed in 1915. The new station building was of massive construction with a hipped roof and square tower in the middle of which was a large clock. On the square in front of the station the decorative lawn was retained, for the use of city residents and visitors; this was then replanted in 1926 in a more ornate form. The railway station building survived the whole interwar period in that design, sustaining only minor damage during the course of World War II.
The final reconstruction of the station was carried out in 1968, giving it a modern form. The steep roof of the building with its clock tower was removed, and the glazed front elevation reconstructed. A pedestrian subway was built beneath Sigismund Augustus street, and the station lawn was removed in favour of a parking lot for cars and buses.
In 2013 PKP appointed Ernst & Young and WS Atkins to undertake a feasibility study for an EU-supported modernisation of the station, planned for in 2013-15.

</doc>
<doc id="31015994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015994" title="Čáp">
Čáp

Čáp is Czech surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31015995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31015995" title="Motley Theatre Design Course">
Motley Theatre Design Course

Motley Theatre Design Course is a one-year independent theatre design course in London. It was founded at Sadler's Wells Opera in 1966.
History of the School.
Sadler's Wells Opera & English National Opera.
In 1962, Sadler's Wells Opera announced the appointment of their first permanent creative team of Glen Byam Shaw as Director of Productions, John Blatchley as his assistant and Margaret 'Percy' Harris MBE (of the Motley Theatre Design Group) as Head of Design, stressing that "apart from their eminence in the world of theatre, they have been connected with teaching, both on the dramatic side and design." This referred to their involvement in the Old Vic Theatre School (1946–1948), founded by Michel Saint-Denis, George Devine and Glen Byam Shaw. Percy Harris had previously taught at Michel Saint-Denis' experimental London Theatre Studio (1936–1939). Percy had taught Jocelyn Herbert RDI at the London Theatre Studio, and Jocelyn herself was to teach Percy's students from 1966 onwards. As Motley biographer Michael Mullin noted, Percy's aims for the school "hearkened back to the London Theatre Studio ideal of a ‘company’ who work in happy collaboration, rather than a group of individuals in creative competition with each other".
In 1966 a room was found for Percy to teach in, in nearby St John Street, and the Sadler's Wells Theatre Design Course began with 8 students. Students were to come from various parts of the world and disciplines so they could learn from each other. They were taught the techniques of their craft by staff at Sadlers Wells Opera and others. Projects were to be mainly led by directors. In an interview with Michael Billington in 1991, Percy Harris explained her philosophy of teaching: “It’s all based on the work of Michel Saint-Denis…(who) believed that the most important person in the theatre was the dramatist, then the actors,and then the director and designer. He argued that the designer’s job was to show the play and the actors to the best possible advantage. Also that they should not decorate: they should design. I suppose that is why our designers are very popular with dramatists. Edward Bond said that he couldn’t have written for the theatre if it hadn’t been for the Course, especially Hayden Griffin.” Hayden Griffin is the co-director of the school.
In 1969, Sadlers Wells Opera moved to their present home at the London Coliseum and became English National Opera. For a time the school moved into the vacated space at the top of the Sadler's Wells Theatre. In 1971, the school moved to Camperdown House, Aldgate to be near the company, and at this point became the English National Opera Theatre Design Course. Teachers at this time included Bill Bryden and Maria Björnson and students were also taught by the creative team at English National Opera who worked in the same building.
Riverside Studios and the Almeida Theatre.
In 1979, organisational changes at English National Opera necessitated the school moving to the Riverside Studios, then under the lively directorship of David Gothard. It became the Theatre Design Course at the Riverside. The aims and training of the school were in harmony with the Riverside ethos and the school developed further ideas and flexibility. Students had access, either through formal teaching or observation, to Samuel Beckett, Andrei Tarkovsky, Angela Carter, David Leveaux, Anselm Kiefer, Sir Jonathan Miller, Sir David Hare, Tadeusz Kantor, Elijah Moshinsky, Sir Peter Hall, Michael Bogdanov and Percy's collaborator Elisabeth Montgomery. Students collaborated with young directors at the Drama Centre.
This arrangement lasted until 1987, when management changes at Riverside led to Artistic Director Pierre Audi welcoming the school at the Almeida Theatre which was also far-reaching in its ethos and exposed the young designers to Pierre's experimental programming of drama, contemporary music and opera. Teachers and visitors included Danny Boyle, Simon McBurney, Alec Guinness and Simon Callow.
Royal National Theatre and Covent Garden.
By 1991, Pierre Audi had become Artistic Director of De Nederlandse Opera, and the school once again found itself without a home. It temporarily resided at the Royal National Theatre Paint Frame, and then, in 1992, in a warehouse in Shelton Street, Covent Garden. Finding itself for the first time independent of a producing theatre, the school renamed itself the Motley Theatre Design Course, after the Motley Theatre Design Group, the collective Percy Harris had formed with Sophie Harris and Elizabeth Montgomery. Alison Chitty RDI OBE joined Percy as co-director. As Jocelyn Herbert noted, "the school went through numerous financial crises, and many changes of venue; the fact that it survived was due to the loyalty, generosity and hard work of a small group of supporters inspired by Percy's dogged determination to keep it going."
Theatre Royal Drury Lane.
In 1994 the school moved to the scene dock in the Theatre Royal Drury Lane where it still remains. The end of year exhibitions were held first at the Theatre Museum in Covent Garden and subsequently at the Royal National Theatre Paint Frame. Former students Anthony Lamble and Ashley Martin-Davis joined the school as Associate Directors. During this period, the school also taught visiting students from the British American Drama Academy. Teachers at this time included Jane Howell, William Gaskill, Jocelyn Herbert, Sean Holmes and Simon Usher.
In early 2000, Percy Harris, who was still teaching at the age of 95, fell ill and died a few months later. The school continued to adhere to Percy's teaching philosophy. 
With an intake now of 11 students, the school initiated an annual project with students on the MFA Theatre Directing Course at Birkbeck, University of London. Teachers during this period included Lindsay Posner, Mike Leigh, James Macdonald, Steve Tompkins, David Eldridge, Simon Stephens, Martin Duncan, Philip Langridge, Michael Attenborough, Steven Pimlott, Katie Mitchell.
In 2007 Alison Chitty RDI OBE was awarded the Misha Black Award for Innovation in Design Education. According to Professor Frank Height, "Misha Black had a powerful belief in the creative interaction of all design disciplines and removed previously perceived barriers in design education. In my opinion, Alison Chitty has taken this belief into her chosen field of design and used it to achieve international recognition for the excellence of the application of the creative process in both traditional and new fields of entertainment and is an exemplar of advanced design education which is being fostered in so many UK institutions".
In December 2010, Alison Chitty and Ashley Martin-Davis announced that they would be leaving at the end of the academic year. The Chairman, John Simpson, announced that the school was facing difficulties in the current political and economic climate and might have to close. In January 2011, the Alumni and Friends of Motley Theatre Design Course formed to support the school through the next testing period in its long history.

</doc>
<doc id="31016014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016014" title="Mr. Britling Sees It Through">
Mr. Britling Sees It Through

Mr. Britling Sees It Through is H.G. Wells's "masterpiece of the wartime experience in England." The novel was published in September 1916. 
"Mr. Britling Sees It Through" tells the story of a renowned writer, Mr. Britling, a protagonist who is quite evidently an "alter ego" of the author. The garrulous, easy-going Mr. Britling lives with family and friends in the fictional village of Matching's Easy, located in the county of Essex, northeast of London. The novel is divided into three parts. Book the First, entitled "Matching's Easy At Ease," is set in June–July 1914 and is at first narrated from the point of view of an American, Mr. Direck, who visits Mr. Britling's establishment in Dower House and falls in love with Cissie, the sister of Mr. Britling's secretary's wife. Also in the company are Mr. Britling's son Hugh and a visiting German student, Herr Heinrich, who is forced to leave when war breaks out. Book the Second, "Matching's Easy at War," covers August 1914 to October 1915, when Mr. Britling's son Hugh is killed at the front. In Book the Third, "The Testament of Matching's Easy," Mr. Britling learns that Herr Heinrich has also been killed, and writes a long letter to the dead German soldier's parents.
Mr. Britling is a complex character whose conflicts are the chief concern of the plot. Mrs. Britling (Edith) runs the household, but she does not engage her husband's affections entirely. On the one hand, he is involved in "his eighth love affair" with a Mrs. Harrowdean (though this affair does not survive the beginning of the war). At a deeper level, he feels himself "profoundly incompatible" with Edith, his present wife, whom he married after the death of his first wife Mary, with whom he had been "passionately happy." His deep love of the son they had together, Hugh, is inflected by his continued emotional attachment to the memory of his first wife.
It is the obliviousness to Prussian militarism, and then the collective resolve British society to confront it (through most the novel blame for the First World War is blamed on this), that is the principal theme of "Mr. Britling Sees It Through", although in the final pages the protagonist wins through to a larger, religious interpretation of the tragedy. Much of the first book is devoted to discussions of the character of English society, and much of the second and third to discussions of England's response to the challenge of the war. Mr. Britling is a critical but not radical observer of the national and international scene. He regards British life in general, for example, as an unplanned, organic development, and believes that the British Empire came into existence in a haphazard, unintentional manner.
"Mr. Britling Sees It Through" is of note for its extended exposition of Wells's non-sectarian religious faith: "Religion is the first thing and the last thing, and until a man has found God and been found by God, he begins at no beginning, he works to no end. He may have his friendships, his partial loyalties, his scraps of honour. But all these things fall into place and life falls into place only with God. Only with God. God, who fights through men against Blind Force and Night and Non-Existence; who is the end, who is the meaning." The novel was used as a text at chaplains' school, and was embraced by military officers and religious leaders.
"Mr. Britling Sees It Through" was one of the most popular novels in the United Kingdom and Australia during World War I. Wells's American publisher paid ₤20,000 for it. Maxim Gorky called the novel "the finest, most courageous, truthful, and humane book written in Europe in the course of this accursed war . .  at a time of universal barbarism and cruelty, your book is an important and truly humane work."

</doc>
<doc id="31016016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016016" title="List of rivers of Yorkshire">
List of rivers of Yorkshire

There are twenty five rivers of at least in total within the boundaries of the four ceremonial counties that form Yorkshire. All officially designated Rivers are listed below, including the shortest Main River in England, the River Bain measuring . The majority of these waterways lie wholly within the county boundaries, except for; the Ribble, which flows into the Irish Sea at Lytham; the Rother, whose source is located in Derbyshire Peak District; the Greta, which flows into Lancashire to join the River Lune; and the Tees, which flows partly within County Durham and forms some of the boundary with North Yorkshire.
The direction of stream flow in Yorkshire is influenced by the three major drainage divides. The Pennines in the west and south, the North York Moors in the north-east and the Yorkshire Wolds, the coastal range of hills on the east. This represents a large drainage area that mostly flows into the Vale of York and into the North Sea via the River Humber. Though named a river, the Humber is considered to be an estuary.
The Humber river system is tidal as far inland as Naburn Lock on the River Ouse, Knottingley on the River Aire and Askern on the River Don. The River Humber has the second largest tidal range in the UK at . The largest is the Bristol Channel at nearly double that range.
Source data for the table below came from the National Environment Research Council Centre for Ecology and Hydrology, Ordnance Survey, Environment Agency and Google Earth. In the table, total lengths are given in miles (mi) and kilometres (km), and elevations are in feet (ft) and metres (m). River lengths are taken from actual source when wholly within the Yorkshire County boundary, else measured from where the river enters or leaves the county.
List.
The use of the term "source" in this list is taken to mean the point at which the name of the river is first used on Ordnance Survey maps.

</doc>
<doc id="31016018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016018" title="Pivert">
Pivert

Pivert may refer to:

</doc>
