<doc id="31196111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196111" title="Carlos Carbonero">
Carlos Carbonero

Carlos Mario Carbonero Mancilla (born 25 July 1990) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a midfielder for River Plate in the Argentine Primera División.
Club career.
Colombia.
Carbonero began his career in in the Categoría Primera B with Academia. Due to his impressive performances, he was sold to first division team, Atletico Huila.
In the month of January 2011, it was confirmed that Carbonero would join Once Caldas. This meant that he would dispute the 2011 Copa Libertadores. His consistency and high potential would be taken notice by Argentinian side, Estudiantes de La Plata.
Argentina.
Eventually, he signed for Estudiantes in 2011. He would only make 10 league appearances before going on loan to Arsenal de Sarandí.
He noticeably scored a goal for Arsenal in the 2012 edition of the Copa Libertadores, the match being a 3-0 triumph against Zamora. This was his first goal for the club in all competitions. Finally, he netted a goal in the 2012 Tornero Clausura against San Martín in an away game that ended 4-1 favoring Arsenal. Carbonero would be a fundamental part of Arsenal, helping them earn their first league title in history as they won 2012 Tornero Clausura. In the 2012 Supercopa Argentina, Carbonero failed to score in the penalty shoot-out against Boca Juniors. Despite this, Arsenal were still able to beat Boca 4-3 thus claiming the title.
On June 4, 2013, it was confirmed that Carbonero would go on loan once more, this time to play for Argentine giant River Plate.
International Career.
Carbonero made his first appearance for Colombia in 2011. In 2014, he was named the surprising late replacement for Aldo Leão Ramírez for Colombia's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad by José Pékerman.

</doc>
<doc id="31196132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196132" title="Warp (2012 video game)">
Warp (2012 video game)

Warp is a video game developed by Trapdoor and published by EA Partners on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The game allows the player to warp through doors and objects and cause creatures in the game world to explode. It was released on February 15, 2012 on Xbox Live Arcade as part of the second "Xbox Live Arcade House Party", with PlayStation Network and Microsoft Windows releases to follow on March 13, 2012.
Plot.
The game opens from a first person view of the player being pulled out of what appears to be an underground cave by a group of scientists. The player's character, "Zero", is confused and dazed as they take him to a military-grade secure facility. Zero fades in and out of consciousness, and eventually awakens to see two scientists performing surgery on him and extracting a disk-shaped object.
Soon after, a fellow alien contacts Zero through telepathy and says that it can sense other aliens in the facility and that they should escape together. The scientists then put Zero through an obstacle course where Zero is reunited with the disk they extracted, giving him back his power to teleport. After reabsorbing the disk, the player's goal is to escape the facility and help any fellow aliens on the way out.
The game has three endings
Bad ending: kill more than 170 humans to get this ending. It shows zero heading outside in the rain and getting killed by a sniper.
Good ending: kill less than 7 humans to get this one. It shows zero heading outside in the sun and running in victory.
Neutral ending: kill more than 7 humans but less than 170 humans to get this ending. It shows zero leaving the ship but is ambushed by 4 guards however he got a new chain frag ability and walks away while the guards explode.
Gameplay.
Despite being a 3D game, the gameplay remains similar to a top-down 2D game that features puzzle solving and stealth.
The first power Zero acquires is the ability to teleport short distances, also known as the titular "Warp". Zero is able to warp through open spaces, through objects, into objects, and into living things. The speed between warps is dependent on whether Zero moves into an object or into open space. Moving into open space gives Zero a slight timed penalty before it can warp again. From inside an object (or person), Zero can move around vigorously and eventually make it explode. This is known as a Frag. 
Guards, scientists, and turrets attempt to stop Zero's escape. Upon sight of Zero both turrets and guards will attempt to shoot, while scientists will cower and run away. Once spotted by one human they will most likely alert other humans of Zero's presence. Alarms that are activated can be turned off by destroying the alarm coil or moving it off the alarm pad.
Sound and sight also play a prominent role in the game. Zero is about half the size of the average human and so is able to hide behind many objects that are scattered across the map without being seen. Sound will also alert the guards to Zero's presence. Footsteps, knocking into objects, and Zero's powers will create sounds audible to the human ears prompting an investigation, though many of these sounds can be made inaudible through upgrades.
Upgrades can be purchased at stations throughout the game. Upgrades cost grub energy that has been collected throughout Zero's journey. Grubs are small parasite-like creatures that cling to objects and give off a purple glow. This glow makes them easier to spot, although many of these grubs are located in hard to reach places and require extra skill or more powers to reach. Once a grub is found, Zero consumes it and absorbs its energy.
Zero will come across puddles of water early on in the game and discovers that being exposed to small amounts of water will nullify his powers temporarily. This is indicated by Zero having a sudden loss of color and a different walking animation. Unfortunately for Zero, the scientists also discover this weakness. They exploit this weakness by creating a malleable water substance that they primarily use as a shield. Zero can't walk, warp, echo, or use a hologram to get past these shields. When exposed to large quantities of water, Zero will die. The facility is located underwater.
Throughout the game, Zero will find remains of other aliens and will be able to absorb their old powers in order to aid his escape. The second power Zero unlocks is a solid hologram, known as Echo. Zero's echo ghost will move independently from him, but Zero is unable to move when this power is activated. All enemies can see Zero's echo but they can't tell it apart from the real Zero. If Zero's echo is killed, it will dissipate. The hologram can pass through all objects and move across gaps but will also dissipate when it comes into contact with water. The echo's movement is restricted to within a certain radius around Zero's position. When Zero activates this power inside an object, the hologram will take on the image and properties of the object. Guards, scientists, and turrets will only notice the object if it is not stationary. When Zero activates this power inside a person, whether the human is alive or dead, the echo will be of that person walking and enemies won't notice anything wrong. 
The third power is known as Swap. This power is an extension of the echo and allows Zero's echo to swap places with an object of the player's choice. The swap power can be used as an extended warp in many situations. The power will only work when the end destination is an object. If Zero is inside an object while swap is used, the destination object will be placed inside the original object. This causes the internal object to destroy the external object and take its place. This technique can be used to destroy objects/humans and create distractions.
The fourth power is known as Launch. Launch allows Zero to fire an object at a high velocity. The launched object won't be affected by gravity during this time. Launch will only launch an object when Zero is already warped inside of it and will leave Zero in the position of where the object was launched from. This power is primarily used to destroy power generators to access different levels of the map. It can also be used to place objects strategically so Zero can use echo to cross large spaces that were previously unreachable.
Game modes.
There are two game modes featured in "Warp". The first is the story mode where players spend their time solving puzzles and ultimately escaping from the facility. During the story, players can discover challenge orbs which can be activated by warping into them. Once Zero is warped into them, they are unlocked and accessible through the main menu.
The challenge mode places Zero in a training room and gives the player one objective. The rewards for completing these objectives are tiered: a bronze grub, a silver grub, and a gold grub. The bronze grub is always given for completing the objective and is the lowest tier of reward. The silver and gold grub is often given out in reward for completing the objective in shorter times respectively. These challenges are often placed in the story mode to help train the player for a new type of challenge/puzzle that is coming up. They often require critical thinking or advanced skills in order to attain the silver grub. The times that players complete the challenges are recorded and put up on a leader board to see how a player compares to others.

</doc>
<doc id="31196166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196166" title="Vitaly Vulf">
Vitaly Vulf

Vitaly Yakovlevich Vulf (Russian: Вита́лий Я́ковлевич Вульф, 23 May 1930 – 13 March 2011) was a Russian art, drama, film critic, literary critic, translator, TV and radio broadcaster and critic.
Biography.
Vitaly Vulf was born in Baku, where his father Yakov (who died in January 1956) was a lawyer. Vulf's mother, Helen Yelena Belenkaya, graduated from Baku University and was a teacher of Russian language. She died in 1974.
Vitaly Yakovlevich dreamed of going to GITIS. However, his father insisted that he received a serious education. So after graduating from high school Vitaly Vulf enrolled at the Moscow State University law school. However, owing to Antisemitism, Vitaly Vulf could not obtained a position as a lawyer. For the same reason he failed to obtain admission to the graduate school, in spite of getting straight A's on the admission exams in 1955.
Death.
Vulf died in Moscow on March 13, 2011 at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="31196181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196181" title="Nuclear energy in Portugal">
Nuclear energy in Portugal

Nuclear energy in Portugal is very limited and strictly non-commercial. Portugal has one research reactor located in the National Nuclear Research Centre. Further nuclear energy activities are not planned in the near future. Other nuclear activities include medical applications such as radiology, radiotherapy and nuclear medicine, as well as use of industrial radioactive sources.
In 1971, Portugal planned to build an 8,000 MW nuclear power plant to be completed by 2000. Plans were delayed until 1995 when it was decided to not proceed with the project. In 2004, the Government of Portugal rejected a proposal to reconsider its decision. After the Carnation Revolution, a military coup in April 1974 which overthrew the Estado Novo regime, projects for the construction of nuclear power plants have since been postponed or dismissed by the government.
Presently Portugal has no spent fuel. In September 2007, the core of the Portuguese Research Reactor (RPI) was converted from high enriched to low enriched fuel, all enriched uranium as well as all spent fuel has been shipped to the USA in the framework of the “United States Foreign Research Reactor Spent Nuclear Fuel Acceptance Program”. Liquid effluents produced in the RPI, as well as effluents of medical applications are stored locally, and later discharged in accordance with national law. Solid radioactive waste and discarded sealed sources are centrally stored in the national intermediate radioactive waste storage.
History.
1948 to 1954.
Portugal first began developing nuclear energy in 1948, when the Instituto para a Alta Cultura (Superior Culture Institute) proposed the creation of a commission of geologists and physicists to study uranium supplies and mining technologies to the Ministry for National Education. The project was declined. At the same time, the 2nd National Engineering Meeting suggested the meeting participants to propose a general plan for the future utilization of atomic energy in Portugal.
The first approved proposal arrived in 1952, after an early rejection in 1950, when the National Education Ministry presented an item for the National General Budget to specifically finance studies related to the development of nuclear energy in the country. During October 1952, the temporary Commission for Nuclear Energy Studies was created and formed a partnership with the Portuguese universities, becoming the first centers for nuclear energy research in Portugal, both pure and applied.
In March 1954 the Nuclear Energy Board (Junta de Energia Nuclear, or JEN) was created; its role consisted initially in an inspection of the current situation of uranium supplies both in Portugal and its overseas territories (particularly the vast mineral potential of both Angola and Mozambique in Africa). Later on, the JEN created the Laboratory for Nuclear Engineering and Physics (Laboratório de Física e Engenharia Nucleares, or LFEN), which was inaugurated in 1961 as the first Portuguese center for education and research for the benefit of both universities and industry.
1955 to 1969.
In 1955 the first proposal for building a nuclear plant was made, professor Alberto Abecassis Manzanares, of the Instituto Superior Técnico, stated the importance of building an experimental low power reactor (between 5000 and 10000 kW), which would serve to gather enough experience for handling higher power reactors. In 1957, at the 2nd Portuguese Industry Meeting, Armando Gilbert presented a communication in which he underlined the importance of beginning to use nuclear energy, starting from 1965. Later on, in the first Meeting of Portuguese Technicians for Nuclear Energy, this deadline was extended by about 10 years.
The first concrete step was taken in April 1958, when the Portuguese Association of Nuclear Companies (Companhia Portuguesa de Indústrias Nucleares, or CPIN) was created. CPIN was a joint venture of several companies, including the Portuguese conglomerate Companhia União Fabril (CUF). CPIN, in 1959, began to intensify the studies and to train engineers for the installation of a first pilot nuclear plant, with approximate power of 50 MWe, to be completed by 1965. Three years later it presented the preliminary studies for a 230 MWe nuclear plant equipped with a boiling water reactor.
In 1964 CPIN sold its assets to the Portuguese thermo-electric company (Empresa Termoeléctrica Portuguesa, or ETP), which one year later presented a joint project with Electricity Company of Sevilla (Spain) for a nuclear plant close to the Guadiana River. In 1969, ETP presented preliminary studies regarding the choice of a site for the first Portuguese nuclear plant. From the six originally proposed locations, the final choice was between Ferrel and Sizandro. A nuclear plant was to be made operational by the end of the 1970s in Sizandro.
1970 to 1979.
In 1972 the Portuguese electrical company (Companhia Portuguesa de Electricidade, or CPE) foresees 1979 as the year in which the first Portuguese reactor would start its activity. The plan was to build four reactors at different times between 1981 and 1989, with an investment of about 30 million contos, at 1972 prices (about 350 million euros at 2010 prices). In 1974 CPE contracted a consulting firm to evaluate the best site for the installation of the first Portuguese nuclear power plant. Ferrel, near Peniche, was chosen as the best option. In April 1974 the Estado Novo, the authoritarian righ-leaning regime of Portugal, was overthrown due to a leftist military coup. Another study was exposed in December 1977 to the secretary for energy and mines, which presented the possibility of building 4 to 7 4000 MWe nuclear reactors between 1990 and 2000. The government though decided to delay the decision.
1980 to 1986.
The national energy plan in 1982 included the opening of a nuclear plant that generated 950 MWe power in 1995, which would lead to a nuclear program that would bring up to 9000 MWe of installed power by 2010. The VIII Constitutional Government did not approve this plan, but sent it to be discussed in a public debate. The following version of the National Energy Plan, in 1984, also planned the installation of three 950 MWe reactors between 1998 and 2010, but the decision process stopped while doing location analysis because the International Atomic Energy Agency would not reach a formal position on the issue.
The official halt to a possible nuclear energy plan came from the State Secretary of Environment of the X Constitutional Government in 1986. Although the Minister for Industry and Commerce and the State Secretary of Industry did not agree with this position, the then Prime Minister of Portugal Aníbal Cavaco Silva rectified it, becoming an official government decision.
20-year hiatus.
In the following 20 years, nuclear energy became a taboo for Portugal. The XIII Constitutional Government (1995–1999), lead by António Guterres, decided to adopt an energy policy focused on renewable energies. At the end of that parliamentary term, the government emitted the joint order number 531/99, in which it formalized the position of Portugal on the nuclear energy issue at international level. The overal position is a gradual retirement from both the industry and the research and development scene in this field. These propositions are popular amongst the people, who 70% do not want nuclear plants built in their country.
2005 to present.
It was only in February 2005 that nuclear was brought once again to attention when the businessman Patrick Monteiro de Barros, together with other promoters, proposed the construction of a 1600 MWe EPR reactor. The possible location for that plant was not revealed, although rumours stated that Mogadouro, close to the Douro river could be the one. The project never reached a debate stage. The strong opposition from the environmentalist organisations and companies involved in the renewable energy business forbid not only the further development of Monteiro de Barros project, but of the nuclear option in any form (Correia et al. 2009).
Nuclear regulatory authority.
The Independent Commission for Radiological Protection and Nuclear Safety (CIPRSN), created by Decree Law 139/2005 of 17 August, is an independent body currently working towards the creation of a national regulatory authority. The President of the CIPRSN is nominated by the Prime Minister, and is entitled to represent Portugal in the European Nuclear Security Regulators Group (ENSREG).
The Portuguese representatives in ENSREG are members of the following institutions:

</doc>
<doc id="31196205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196205" title="Nuclear energy in Hungary">
Nuclear energy in Hungary

The first Hungarian nuclear reactor was built at Csillebérc (located in Budapest's 12th district) in 1959. Construction on the first commercial nuclear reactors began in 1975 after the oil crisis and the first was completed in 1982. Currently, in the Paks Nuclear Power Plant, Hungary has four nuclear reactors with a net output capacity of 1,826 MWe. Originally, these plants had expected lives of 30 years; however, the Hungarian government decided to complete 20-year life extension projects on the reactors. The cost of these projects will amount to approximately $900 million but will also increase total capacity to 2,000 MWe. Hungary also had plans to build two more reactors with capacities of 950 MWe each but cancelled the plans due to decreased power demand in the early 1990s.
Hungary receives all of its fuel, uranium, from TVEL in Russia. Spent fuel normally is disposed without reprocessing, though there are instances of spent fuel sent to Russia for reprocessing. For the spent fuel that is not reprocessed, it is kept at the nuclear reactor site for five years in pools and then sent to dry storage. Additionally, in 2005 the residents of Bataapati, in the south of the country, approved construction plans for low and intermediate-level waste storage facility. Parliament approved this construction in November 2005. The costs of this construction will be covered by the Central Nuclear Financial Fund, the fund the nuclear power companies pay into. In December 2012, the storage facility started operation by receiving its first batch of nuclear waste. The construction costs are estimated at 68 billion forint (approx. 310 million US Dollars).

</doc>
<doc id="31196219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196219" title="Haensel">
Haensel

Haensel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31196243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196243" title="Golden Madonna">
Golden Madonna

Golden Madonna is a 1949 British drama film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring Phyllis Calvert, Tullio Carminati and Michael Rennie. It is considered a lost film and is on the BFI 75 Most Wanted list. Filmed on location, a group of original negatives and contact prints taken by Francis Goodman are in the possession of London's National Portrait Gallery.
Plot.
A young British woman who owns a villa in Italy offends the village she lives in by throwing away a painting that they consider lucky. To redeem herself she goes out in search to try to recover it.

</doc>
<doc id="31196244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196244" title="Orcs Must Die!">
Orcs Must Die!

Orcs Must Die! is a strategy video game developed by Robot Entertainment. It is a tower defense game that eschews the traditional top-down view of similar games, instead using a third-person action-oriented viewpoint. After being demonstrated at Penny Arcade Expo East 2011, the game was released via Xbox Live Arcade on October 5, 2011, and for Windows PCs on October 12, 2011.
Gameplay.
"Orcs Must Die!" is a variant of a tower defense game; the player as the War Mage must defend one or more Rifts on each level from an onslaught of orcs and other creatures that emerge from one or more entrances and traverse the level. Generally, each orc that reaches a Rift deducts a point from the starting Rift Score while specialized orcs may take off more points; if the Rift Score drops to zero, the level is lost and the player will have to start again.
The orc armies arrive in increasingly more difficult waves, with each level having between four to twelve waves. In general, waves will begin a few seconds after the player defeats the prior one, but roughly every three waves on all bar Nightmare difficulty, the player is given a break where they can set up traps and initiate the next wave when they are ready.
As the War Mage, the player has the ability to place numerous traps and arm themselves with weapons and equipment to defeat the orcs. The player selects a number of traps and equipment (up to ten) from their current Spellbook; once the player starts placing traps they will be bound to this selection. Traps can be placed on any appropriate surface, but each trap costs in-game currency to place, and traps will have variable costs based on their effectiveness. Traps typically work once and then have a reset period before they will activate again. Such traps include floor, wall, and ceiling traps, and several Guardians that will act on their own accord. The player is given an amount of money to spend on trap placement at the start, and earns more by defeating the orcs and after completing waves; money can also be dropped by certain monsters that must be collected by the player. Traps can be placed at any time, including in combat, and between waves, placed traps can be removed and refunded for their cost. Later, the player gains access to Weavers, who for various costs can boost certain effects on the player or traps placed in the manner of a technology tree; these effects only last for that level.
Once the player initiates a wave, they can run about the level to participate in combat or place additional traps. The player must watch their health and mana used for their weapons but orcs may drop health and mana potions that will replenish these; alternatively the player can heal while in proximity of the Rift. If the player should lose all their health or fall off the level, they will respawn back at the Rift but this will cost them a number of Rift Points.
After defeating the last wave, the player is awarded a number of skulls, up to 5 (or on Apprentice difficulty, limited to two), based on their score (reflecting how many Rift points remain) and the time needed to defeat all the waves. Skulls are used to buy improvements to traps and weapons in the player's spellbook, such as increasing damage, reducing cost, or making them more effective against the orcs. The player, after completing each level the first time, is also rewarded with a new trap type for their Spellbook they can use in subsequent levels. These improvements remain with the player, so that they may return to earlier levels with these improved traps to earn more skulls.
Plot.
The story revolves around the Order, an elite faction of wizards and warriors who guard the Rifts, magical openings between the human world and the 'Dead World', which provide a source of magical power throughout both worlds. Using this power, the Order is able to maintain a perfect world for humanity by using magic to manipulate nature. In order to protect the human world, they have constructed magically-empowered fortresses throughout the Dead World to guard the Rifts, particularly from the adversarial faction known as 'the Mob' - a brutish horde of creatures such as Orcs, Ogres and Gnolls which, despite being unintelligent, would otherwise pose a major threat to the human world due to their vast numbers.
After a surprise attack by the Mob, the player character, known only as 'the Apprentice', finds himself as the last living member of the Order, as the Mob appears to have suddenly obtained a surge in both strength and intelligence. Taking it upon himself to defend the human world, he defends the fortresses from the Mob one by one (much to the bewilderment of his teacher, who narrates the storyline). The Apprentice eventually learns that the Mob has been empowered by the Sorceress, a past student of the Order who, despite showing overwhelming potential to help defend humanity, instead chose to seek power for herself and used magic to seize control of the Mob.
As the Mob's attacks become more and more aggressive, the Apprentice eventually chooses to ensure the safety of the human world by stepping back through a Rift and closing them all forever by means of a simple spell. Although this means that the Mob can never reach the human world, it also means that humanity is no longer able to use magic to sustain itself, and the whole world, which has become dependent on magic, begins to deteriorate. In the Dead World, the Sorceress is rendered powerless as the Rifts can no longer provide her with magic, and she is left at the mercy of the Mob, who have been reduced to their original state.
Reception.
Joystiq gave it a 4 out of 5 star rating, calling it a finely-tuned whirling chamber of death. IGN praised the length of the campaign as well as the combat system. It sold over 50,000 units on Xbox and substantially more on PC.
Sequel.
"Orcs Must Die! 2" was announced by Robot Entertainment on April 2, 2012 and released on July 30, 2012. The sequel includes 2 player co-op with the introduction of a new character, the Sorceress.

</doc>
<doc id="31196253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196253" title="Nuclear energy in Belgium">
Nuclear energy in Belgium

The country’s first commercial nuclear reactor began operating in 1974. Currently, Belgium has seven nuclear reactors operating in the country with a net MWe of 5,761. Electricity consumption in Belgium has increased slowly since 1990 and nuclear power provides 54%, 45 billion kWh per year, of the country’s electricity.
Two of those seven reactors are scheduled to be taken out of service in 2015. Belgium decided to phase out nuclear power generation completely by 2025.
History.
Belgium has a long industrial history in the nuclear sector. With Biraco in Olen, which regularly 
hosted Marie and Pierre Curie, it was at the start of the
industrial production of radium in 1922.
The Uranium ore used was discovered in 1913 in Katanga in then Belgian Congo by UMHK. The ore found in the Shinkolobwe mine was exceptionally rich. Even before the second world war the United States expressed an interest in it. However it wasn't until 1942 when the United States required uranium for the Manhattan Project, and Belgium was one of the few countries with an appreciable stock of uranium ore, that Edgar Sengier struck a deal. For the following decade Belgium through its colony was one of the main suppliers of uranium to the United States. This trade relationship resulted in Belgium being granted access to nuclear technology for civil purposes.
In 1952 this led to establishing SCK•CEN, a study center for nuclear research. The first reactor BR1 (Belgian Reactor 1) became critical in 1956. Construction of BR2 started the following year. The BR2 reactor is one of the five main reactors producing molybdenum-99 which decays into technetium-99m, the radioisotope used in more that 80% of diagnostic imaging procedures in nuclear medicine.
In 1954 Belgium was one of the founding members of Cern, and three years later it was one of the original signatories of the Euratom Treaty.
In 1957 A site in Dessel Belgium, a stone's throw away from SCK•CEN was chosen to be the location for Eurochemic. Thirteen OECD countries (Germany, France, Belgium, Italy, Sweden, The Netherlands, Switzerland, Denmark, Austria, Norway, Turkey, Portugal, Spain) joined forces to built a pilot nuclear reprocessing installation. This made the "atoomwijk", a housing project for workers on private land near the site a unique scientific village in Europe at the time.
In 1958 the world fair Expo 58 in Brussel was to be powered by BR3. The reactor was to be built in Brussels, and open to visitors. Ultimately safety concerns and administrative problems moved the reactor to the SCK•CEN site. The other iconic symbol of the belief in nuclear technology at the time the Atomium housed a photo exhibition.
In 1959, the Trico Center was established in Kinshasa its TRICO I research reactor was the first nuclear reactor on the African continent.
US built BR3 was connected to the grid in 1962. Making it the first pressurized water reactor in Western Europe.
SCK•CEN played a large role in developing MOX fuel. In 1960 near the same site NV Belgonuclaire, a joint venture between SCK•CEN, Electrabel and Tractebel received its first plutonium from the United States, with the goal of industrially producing MOX fuel. In 1963 BR3 was loaded with MOX fuel and was the first reactor in the world to generate electricity this way.
In 1967 the commercial Chooz-A plant in France, close to the Belgian border, was connected to the grid. It had been constructed by a French-Belgian joint venture Sena (Société d'énergie nucléaire Franco-belge des Ardennes) to house a French-Belgian prototype pressurized water reactor, the first one built in Western Europe. It was jointly operated and delivered electricity to both countries.
In 1972 Belgium participated with The Netherlands and Germany in the failed SNR-300 fast breeder reactor. In 1973 Belgium and four other European countries formed Eurodif.
The first commercial nuclear reactor in Belgium, Doel-1, was taken into service in 1974. Six more were connected to the grid during the following ten years. Plans for an eighth reactor were scrapped instead utilities Electrabel and SPE took a 25% participation in the French Chooz-B nuclear power plant.
In 1974 Eurochemics stopped its reprocessing activities. In 1987 BR3 was the first pressurized water reactor to be shut down in Europe. Decommissioning BR3 and Eurochemic has given Belgium significant expertise in the decommissioning of nuclear sites.
Currently Belgium is preparing to contribute to Generation IV reactor research through the MYRRHA project.
Sites.
There are two commercial nuclear power plants operational:
Both stations are operated by Electrabel.
Dessel is home to two sites for the production of nuclear fuel. One operated by FBFC, the other is being decommissioned and belonged to the company Belgonucleaire.
There are several test reactors at the SCK•CEN site in Mol. The Thetis research reactor of Ghent University is being decommissioned, and has had its fuel removed from site. None of these research reactors supply electricity to the grid.
The French nuclear power plant in Chooz is particularly close——to the Belgian border and surrounded on three sides by Belgian territory. The area around the power plant is subject to the same precautions as if there was a Belgian nuclear installation in the center.
Waste.
Past.
Belgium is one of the thirteen countries who have dumped radioactive waste in the ocean. This practise was permanently halted in 1982.
Prior to parliament placing a moratorium on nuclear reprocessing in 1993, 670 tonnes of spent fuel from the commercial reactors was processed in La Hague, France. The last return transport of highly radioactive waste, mainly fission products, took place in 2007. Other types of waste will be returning from La Hague to Belgium until 2019. Spent fuel from the BR2 reactor at SCK•CEN was reprocessed in Dounreay, Scotland.
Current situation.
A national agency is responsible for radioactive waste management(ONDRAF/NIRAS), including transport, treatment, conditioning, storage, and disposal. The main disposal facility is the Belgoprocess (Subsidiary of ONDRAF/NIRAS) site close to the towns Mol and Dessel, which stores short-lived intermediate-level waste and high-level waste. Several shipments of reprocessed Belgian spent fuel, from France and Scotland, have also arrived at the Mol-Dessel site. This Site offers interim storage on the surface.
Synatom, the Electrabel subsidiary that manages the fuel cycle for the commercial power plants, stores spent nuclear fuel on site before it is transferred over to ONDRAF/NIRAS. The commercial reactors produce 120 tonnes of highly radioactive spent fuel annually. In Doel it is stored dry in containers, in Tihange a spent fuel pool is used.
Long-term plans.
For low and intermediate-level waste with a short half-life (less than 30 years) the "cAt project" was chosen in 2006. This entails encasing the waste in modular concrete boxes which will be stacked inside structures resembling tumuli in Dessel. The site is to be actively monitored for 300 years, after which the radioactivity of the waste will have decreased by a factor 1,000. A test version was built in 2011, and the project is awaiting final licensing.
ONDRAF/NIRAS and SCK•CEN run the HADES underground laboratory through EIG EURIDICE (European Underground Research Infrastructure for Disposal of nuclear waste In Clay Environment). Since 1980 this laboratory is researching if layers of clay as found in the North-East of Belgium could be used for permanent storage of nuclear waste.
In September 2011 ONDRAF/NIRAS fulfilled its legal obligation of publishing a "Waste Plan". The 255 page document evaluates all proposed methods of disposal and concludes by recommending storage in the aforementioned layers of clay. The final decision is a political one. No permanent storing is expected to take place prior to 2040.
Effluents.
Nuclear power stations also produce liquid and gaseous effluents. Nuclear effluents contain less radioactivity over a larger volume. To such an extent that compacting and storing them as nuclear waste would not be efficient. Therefore a different disposal strategy is employed. Namely a controlled dispersion into the environment.
This is monitored by FANC. Several freedom of information laws state that the public has a right to its information, and obligate it to actively inform the public.
The liquid effluents of the nuclear activities on the Mol-Dessel sites are discharged via a pipeline into the small river Molse Nete.
Phase-out.
In the year 1999 the policy statement of the Verhofstadt I Government (a coalition including the green parties Groen! and Ecolo) introduced the plan to phase-out nuclear power generation. The following year a government appointed commission reported that nuclear power was important to Belgium and recommended further development. Nevertheless, in 2003 near the end of its term Belgium's government passed phase-out legislation. It stipulates that no new commercial reactors are to be built and that Belgium's seven reactors would be shut down when they reach an operational lifetime of 40 years. All reactors reach this age in the period 2015–2025. When the law was being passed, there was speculation it would be overturned again as soon as an administration without the green parties was in power. A report published in 2005 by the Federal Planning Bureau noted that in many parts of Belgium nuclear power makes up more than 50% of the electricity generated. It would therefore be difficult for Belgium to adhere to the emissions targets of the Kyoto Protocols without nuclear power. In 2007, the Belgian Commission on Energy said that the use of nuclear energy is imperative to meet requirements and maintain economic stability. Furthermore, the commission believed that energy prices would double without the use of nuclear energy. The commission finally recommended that the operating lives of the seven nuclear reactors should be extended. The International Energy Agency also stated that the phase-out should be reconsidered.
In 2009, based on the GEMIX report, the government decided to extend the lifetimes of the three oldest reactors until 2025. In exchange, the owners would be charged an extra €215–245 million (about US$340 million) per year.
This was not yet finalized into law when in 2010 the government resigned over unrelated issues. It was considered to be a formality, that would be taken care of when a new government was formed. However a prolonged period of political instability, without a government being formed, followed. The decision was pushed back further after the Fukushima nuclear disaster happened in March 2011. The caretaker government then decided to postpone any debate or decision in the matter until after the results of a European stress-test of the facilities were known.
A couple of months prior to these results being published however the new government decided in July 2012 that only Tihange-1's lifetime would be extended to 2025. The two oldest reactors at the Doel site (Doel-1 and Doel-2) are set to be closed in 2015.
The remaining Belgian reactors Doel-3, Tihange 2 are set to be closed down in 2022, Doel-4 and Tihange-3 in 2025.
Metallurgic flaw indications.
Less than a month after the decision to extend the lifetime of Tihange-1 it was revealed that planned inspections, carried out in June 2012, using a new type of ultrasound technique detected thousands of quasi-laminar flaws in the forged rings of Doel-3's reactor vessel. The Doel-3 and Tihange-2 reactors were built around the same time (entered into service in respectively 1982 and 1983) using much the same technology and suppliers. Subsequently Tihange-2 was also inspected with this new technique at the next planned inspection. Which coincided with the news becoming public mid August 2012 and revealed that the Tihange-2 reactor vessel is affected in a similar fashion. Although they were set to remain open until 2022 both reactors remain nonoperational pending further inspections and reports from expert panels. The nuclear regulator FANC has warned several times that the detection of these flaws if deemed serious enough could lead to permanent closure of the reactors. In part because neither repair nor replacement of the reactor vessels are viable options.
Shortly after FANC had communicated the news, the government responded angrily. Suggesting they might politicize the agency and stating the director general should have kept quiet until all reports were in. Three months later he was replaced by Jan Bens, a former director of the commercial nuclear powerplant Doel.
Jan Bens' neutrality was questioned by FANC's own experts Pierre Kockerols and Yvan Pouleur. The latter, director of internal affairs, also filed a complaint at the council of state.
December 5 Electrabel, operator of the reactors in question, presented results of its investigation. It states that the reactors could be restarted safely. A month later, at the request of the European Greens Ilse Tweer, materials expert and nuclear consultant, published her findings which claim the opposite. 
The report will be studied by AIB Vinçotte, BEL V, a panel of international experts and by a group of Belgian Professors. Mid January 2013 FANC was expected to formulate whether the reactors can be restarted or have to be shut down permanently. January 15 the agency communicated that it required more information and additional tests from the operator of the nuclear reactors. This is expected to take at least until the end of March.
Jan Bens stated to the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in March that the flaws were hydrogen flakes. He went on to claim that they had been there since construction and did not deteriorate.
In the beginning of May Kristof Calvo of Groen! published the confidential reports compiled by BEL V, and AIB Vinçotte. Both reports, compiled at the end of January, speak of uncertainties. Concerns are also raised due to the break exclusion requirement, and the fact that this level of fractures was unseen.
May 17 FANC announced that it will allow the reactors to be restarted.
Anti-nuclear movement.
Greenpeace Belgium has protested the use of nuclear power on several occasions.
On the 2012 anniversary of the Fukushima nuclear disaster, Belgian group "Nucléaire Stop Kernenergie" organized an event in Brussels calling for an end to the use of nuclear power and the shutting down of Belgium’s nuclear facilities. Protesters insisted that nuclear power is unsafe. Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann expects anti-nuclear petition drives to start in at least six European Union countries in 2012 with the goal of having the EU abandon nuclear power. Under the EU's Lisbon Treaty, petitions that attract at least one million signatures can seek legislative proposals from the European Commission.
Opinion polls in the Flemish part of Belgium showed in 2012 that only 16% of those questioned advocated an end to nuclear power generation.
In January 2013 there was an international protest against the Tihange power plant organized by GreenLeft in Maastricht with about 1,500 participants from the Netherlands, Germany, and Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="31196258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196258" title="Lake Camelot, Illinois">
Lake Camelot, Illinois

Lake Camelot is a census-designated place in Peoria County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 1,686 as of the 2010 census.

</doc>
<doc id="31196259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196259" title="Neonomicon">
Neonomicon

Neonomicon is a four-issue comic book limited series written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Jacen Burrows, published by Avatar Press in 2010. The story is a sequel to Moore's previous story "Alan Moore's The Courtyard" and part of HP Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos. On March 2012 it became the first recipient of the newly created "Graphic Novel" category at the Bram Stoker Awards.
Publication history.
Moore talked about the genesis of the project in an interview with Wired Magazine: "It was just at the time when I finally parted company with DC Comics over something dreadful that happened around the Watchmen film [...] I had a tax bill coming up, and I needed some money quickly. So I happened to be talking to William Christensen from Avatar Press, and he suggested that he could provide some if I was up for doing a four-part series, so I did. So although I took it to pay off the tax bill, I’m always going to make sure I try and make it the best possible story I can."
Moore wanted to elaborate on some of the ideas presented in "The Courtyard" while at the same time telling a modern story that didn't rely upon a 1930's atmosphere. Another idea was to use some of the elements he felt Lovecraft himself and pastiche writers censored or left out of the stories, such as the racism and sexual phobias. Moore explains: "Lovecraft was sexually squeamish; would only talk of ‘certain nameless rituals.’ Or he’d use some euphemism: ‘blasphemous rites.’ It was pretty obvious, given that a lot of his stories detailed the inhuman offspring of these ‘blasphemous rituals’ that sex was probably involved somewhere along the line. But that never used to feature in Lovecraft’s stories, except as a kind of suggested undercurrent. So I thought, let’s put all of the unpleasant racial stuff back in, let’s put sex back in. Let’s come up with some genuinely ‘nameless rituals’: let’s give them a name."
Plot synopsis.
FBI Agents Lamper and Brears visit former Agent Aldo Sax at a psychiatric hospital to discover what led him to commit two murders after a copycat using his same MO arises. Sax speaks nothing but the unintelligible Aklo language, but Lamper and Brears follow his previous investigation to track down drug dealer Johnny Carcosa in Red Hook. Carcosa escapes, mysteriously, into the mural in the courtyard of his apartment building, and the agents track disturbing sex paraphernalia, all related to the writings of H.P. Lovecraft, found in his apartment to a speciality shop in Salem, Massachusetts. Undercover as husband and wife, they attend an orgy located in an underground pool hosted by the owners of the shop, members of a Cult of Dagon who regularly indulge in sex rituals to attract the sexual attention of a race of fishmen. Lamper and Brears are discovered as agents and Lamper is killed by the cultists. One of the fishmen arrives and rapes Brears, and continues to do so for several days after the cultists lock her in with the creature. While imprisoned, Brears has a vision of Johnny Carcosa, who reveals himself as an avatar of Nyarlathotep, one of the Great Old Ones.
The creature sees Brears urinating and then tastes the urine performing a pregnancy test. The creature then helps her escape into the ocean through the sewers leading into the ocean. Brears contacts the FBI to send a raid to the shop and the underground pool. They find the cultists killed by the creature, whom the raiding party kills in turn. Three months later, Brears visits Sax, revealing her newfound comprehension of Aklo and her pregnancy with the child of the fishman, foretold to her by her vision of Carcosa. She realises that the apocalyptic events in Lovecraft's writings are true, but occurred not in the distant past, but will occur in the near future, beginning with the birth of her child, who will be Cthulhu.
Collected editions.
The series was collected into a single volume, available in both hardcover and softcover. Both versions include the coloured edition of The Courtyard.

</doc>
<doc id="31196261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196261" title="Telopea (journal)">
Telopea (journal)

Telopea is a fully open-access, online, peer-reviewed scientific journal that rapidly publishes original research on plant systematics, with broad content that covers Australia and the Asia-Pacific region. The journal was established in 1975 and is published by the National Herbarium of New South Wales, Royal Botanic Gardens & Domain Trust. As from Volume 9, part 1, 2000, full text of papers is available electronically in pdf format. It is named for the genus "Telopea", commonly known as the Waratahs.

</doc>
<doc id="31196262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196262" title="XXIII Army Corps (Germany)">
XXIII Army Corps (Germany)

German XXIII. Corps (XXIII. Armeekorps) was a corps in the German Army during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31196289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196289" title="Saskatoon Electrical System Substation">
Saskatoon Electrical System Substation

The Saskatoon Electrical System Substation is a municipal designated historic building located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. The property contains a two story building in a Modern Classical style, made of No. 2 Redcliff, Light Claybank and Tee Pee Mocha brick construction. The building was constructed in 1929 by Saskatoon Light & Power along with two other such stations to meet the growing electrical demand of the city; declared a heritage site on December 4, 2000; and renovated into offices in the 1990s the building now houses the offices of the architectural firm of "Kindrachuk Agrey Architects". 

</doc>
<doc id="31196293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196293" title="Together (The New Seekers album)">
Together (The New Seekers album)

Together is a 1974 album by British group The New Seekers. It features the No. 1 single "You Won't Find Another Fool Like Me" and the top five follow-up "I Get a Little Sentimental Over You". It was the last album the group released before a much-publicised split.
Overview.
Following the release of their previous album "Now", the group remained busy working in America for much of 1973. This included promotion for their hit single "Pinball Wizard - See Me Feel Me", undertaking a season of concerts in Las Vegas and a live tour with Liza Minnelli. A number of singles were released in the UK during this time, but were met with less success than they had achieved in 1972 - the last of these, "We've Got to Do It Now" failing to chart at all. By mid 1973, member Peter Doyle had left the group and was swiftly replaced by Peter Oliver. Late in 1973, the group returned to the studio to record their next album as well as another single, "You Won't Find Another Fool Like Me". This saw member Lyn Paul take lead vocals for the first time on one of their singles and by Christmas had become their biggest hit for over a year. In early 1974 the single topped the UK charts, becoming the group's second number one. 
In March 1974 the album "Together" was released - their first in a year. It contained their recent hit, but none of the other 1973 releases, which had not featured on any studio album, although it did include an American single "The Greatest Song I've Ever Heard", which had been released several months earlier while Doyle was still with the group. The album coincided with the news that the group had decided to split. Originally, Eve Graham had expressed her wish to go solo, while Paul also decided that she wanted to leave. The story was carried on Newspaper headlines with many suggesting that the real reason was that despite their success, the members of the group were receiving little financial reward. Meanwhile, the album gained markedly improved sales over their previous two and rose to No.12 in the UK charts - their second highest position in the album charts and remained in the top 50 for nine weeks. Unlike their previous releases, this album didn't feature any compositions by the group themselves, but was made up of original tracks interspersed with cover versions covering a variety of genres. Included were covers of The Beatles songs "Here, There and Everywhere" and "With a Little Help from My Friends", Buck Owens' "Crying Time" and Blue Mink's "Melting Pot" - a song which Graham had been offered to record 1n 1969. A review in "Disc" magazine saw favourable mention of a number of tracks with the reviewer commenting that "there's no denying that what they do tackle is seldom less than well-executed and often considerably better than that".
Around the same time as the album, another single was released; "I Get a Little Sentimental Over You". Also featuring Paul on lead vocals, this too became a success by peaking at No.5 in the UK chart. To coincide with their split, the group performed a farewell tour. The final show was performed in May 1974. One further album was released a few months later along with a single, but with the band no longer active, neither made the chart.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="31196295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196295" title="Steven Nixon (technology strategist)">
Steven Nixon (technology strategist)

Steven Nixon (born October 11, 1965) is founder and president of Steven Nixon Consulting, former Chief Technology Officer (CTO) and Director of Science and Technology of the United States Intelligence Community, former first Acting Director of the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity (IARPA), a former professional staff member with the United States House Appropriations Committee, and a former senior civilian analyst at the Pentagon.
Nixon is generally credited with spearheading the creation of IARPA and the Rapid Technology Transition Initiative (RTTI). He has also had significant influence over US defense and intelligence space programs.

</doc>
<doc id="31196302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196302" title="De Bonstetten">
De Bonstetten

de Bonstetten may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31196305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196305" title="Nuclear power plants in New Jersey">
Nuclear power plants in New Jersey


</doc>
<doc id="31196312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196312" title="Anne Karin Dehle">
Anne Karin Dehle

Anne Karin Dehle (born 1942) is a Norwegian figure skater who competed in the 1950s and 1960s. She became Norwegian champion in 1958, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1963, 1965, 1966, 1967 and 1969. She competed at the Winter Olympics in 1964, and participated at several European and World championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31196347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196347" title="The Belton Estate">
The Belton Estate

The Belton Estate is a novel by Anthony Trollope, written in 1865. The novel concerns itself with a young woman who has accepted one of two suitors, then discovered that he was unworthy of her love. It was the first novel published in the "Fortnightly Review".
Plot summary.
Clara Amedroz is the only surviving child of the elderly squire of Belton Castle in Somersetshire. At twenty-five, she is old for an unmarried woman. Her father's income and savings have been dissipated to pay for the extravagances of her brother, who subsequently committed suicide. Since her father has no living sons, his estate, which is entailed, will pass upon his death to a distant cousin, Will Belton.
Despite her poor prospects, she has two eligible suitors. Within four days of making her acquaintance, Will Belton proposes marriage to her. Belton is warm-hearted, kind, and generous, and these qualities make a strong impression on Clara. However, she believes herself in love with Captain Frederic Aylmer, although he has given no clear signs of feeling that way toward her. Aylmer is impeccable in his manners, smooth, urbane, well-read, and a member of Parliament; compared to him, Belton is awkward and unpolished.
Clara rejects Belton's offer, urging him to regard her as a sister. Not long thereafter, Aylmer proposes to her, and she eagerly accepts. However, her happiness is short-lived. Her new fiancé proves shallow and cold, more concerned with his own comfort than with her happiness. Moreover, he expects her to subject herself to his domineering mother.
Mr. Amedroz dies; and although Belton offers to allow Clara to remain at Belton Castle, she goes to live with the Aylmer family in Yorkshire. Lady Aylmer, who wants her son to marry money or a title, exerts herself to make Clara miserable there; and Captain Aylmer offers no support to his betrothed.
For Clara, the final straw comes when Lady Aylmer demands that she sever her ties with a friend. Mrs. Askerton, Lady Aylmer has learned, left an abusive drunken husband in India and lived with Colonel Askerton for several years before the death of her husband freed her to marry him. Clara is duly appalled by her friend's past immorality, but cannot bring herself to cast off someone who has come to depend on her friendship. Pressed relentlessly on the subject by Lady Aylmer, she declares an end to her engagement and returns to Somersetshire, where she accepts the hospitality of the Askertons.
Will Belton has never ceased to show his love for Clara, and she realises that he is worthy of her love. However, she believes that it would be wrong to transfer her affection from one man to another. Only after Mrs. Askerton and Will's sister Mary Belton persuade her that it would be unjust to withhold her affection from Will can she bring herself to put aside her scruples and accept him. Marital bliss ensues.
Major themes.
"The Belton Estate" was written shortly after "Can You Forgive Her?", and the two novels have a principal theme in common: a woman trying to decide between two suitors, neither ineligible but both differing greatly in their desirable and undesirable qualities.
A theme in this novel, not uncommon among other Victorian authors but unusual in Trollope's work, is what John Halperin calls "mediated desire": the desirability of a thing increasing with the difficulty of obtaining it. When Captain Aylmer proposes to Clara, she responds with an enthusiastic affirmative; and this leads him to question the value of his acquisition:
What is there that any man desires,—any man or any woman,—that does not lose half its value when it is found to be easy of access and easy of possession? Wine is valued by its price, not its flavour. Open your doors freely to Jones and Smith, and Jones and Smith will not care to enter them. Shut your doors obdurately against the same gentlemen, and they will use all their little diplomacy to effect an entrance. Captain Aylmer, when he heard the hearty tone of the girl’s answer, already began almost to doubt whether it was wise on his part to devote the innermost bin of his cellar to wine that was so cheap.
Publication history.
In 1865, Trollope, George Henry Lewes, and others founded the "Fortnightly Review". Somewhat against Trollope's judgement, it was decided that the new magazine was always to contain a novel. Trollope, called upon to produce the first novel, wrote "The Belton Estate" between 30 January and 4 September 4, 1865; it was serialised in the "Fortnightly" beginning with its first issue on 15 May 1865, and running through 1 January 1866.
The novel was published in book form by Chapman & Hall in December 1865, with a date of 1866 on the title page. Against Trollope's wishes, it was released in three volumes rather than the two that he had intended.
In his "Autobiography", Trollope reported receiving a total of £1757 for "The Belton Estate". Of this sum £800 came from the "Fortnightly", and another £700 from Chapman & Hall for the first 2,000 copies.
In 1865–66, the novel was serialised in the American "Littell's Living Age". It was published in book form in 1866 by Lippincott of Philadelphia, by Harper in New York, and by Tauchnitz in Leipzig. In 1867, it was serialised in French in the "Revue Nationale" as "L'Heritage des Belton", and a Dutch translation, "Het Huis Belton", was published in two volumes by Brast of Dordrecht. In 1871, a Russian translation was issued in St. Petersburg under the title "Beltonskoy Pomesti"; in 1875, Hachette of Paris released a new French translation as "La Domaine de Belton".
More recently, an edition with an introduction by John Halperin was published in 1923; it was re-released in paperback by Oxford University Press in 1986. In 1991, the Trollope Society released an edition with an introduction by David Skilton.
Reception.
Trollope himself was apparently unimpressed by his work on the novel. In his 1883 autobiography, he wrote: "It is readable, and contains scenes which are true to life; but it has no peculiar merits, and will add nothing to my reputation as a novelist."
Contemporary critics responded negatively to the work. Reviews in the "Athenaeum", the "Spectator", and the "Saturday Review" all expressed disappointment. Henry James was particularly scathing, describing the novel as "a work written for children; a work prepared for minds unable to think".
"The Belton Estate" has received little critical attention in more recent years. Halperin describes it as "one of [Trollope's] most undervalued novels"; he suggests that this is because it was published at a time when Trollope was quickly putting out some of his finest works: "it got, almost literally, lost."

</doc>
<doc id="31196352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196352" title="Lake Holiday, Illinois">
Lake Holiday, Illinois

Lake Holiday is a census-designated place located on Lake Holiday in Northville Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 4,761 as of the 2010 census.
The City of Sandwich and the Village of Somonauk both claim Lake Holiday, with the western banks of the lake being covered by Somonauk Fire Department/EMS and the Somonauk School District, while the entire eastern banks of the lake are covered by Sandwich municipal services (Fire/EMS, CUSD 430). Due to the community's location south of the LaSalle-DeKalb County Line, neither Sandwich Police nor Somonauk Police have any jurisdiction. Instead, the area is patrolled by local Security, which has limited authority, but for serious matters, the community is covered by the LaSalle County Sheriff's Department, which has a substation in the Northville Township Building, located a few miles to the south of Lake Holiday.
Both Lake Holiday and neighboring Wildwood (which sits across C.R. 3 from Lake Holiday), have been seen as a combined area, due to the amount of time the two communities have spent together. Lake Holiday was created in the 1960's as a lake resort community, which may have been a result of Sandwich draining a nearby lake for farmland around 1910. Wildwood was created at the same time as a modular home community just across the street, and starting in the early 1990's, an annex to Wildwood, known as "Wildwood South" or "New Wildwood" was created, and it was eventually finished around 2002. Both subdivisions share a gas station and a small retail area, with a restaurant having been built in 2006-2007 farther north, just south of the County Line.
Lake Holiday was created by damming up Somonauk Creek in 1965, on its continued path south toward its terminus into the Fox River, just north of Sheridan.

</doc>
<doc id="31196355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196355" title="History of prostitution in Canada">
History of prostitution in Canada

The history of prostitution in Canada is based on the fact that Canada inherited its laws from the United Kingdom. The first recorded laws dealing with prostitution were in Nova Scotia in 1759, although as early as 19 Aug 1675 the Sovereign Council of New France convicted Catherine Guichelin, one of the King's Daughters, with leading a "life scandalous and dishonest to the public", declared her a prostitute and banished her from the walls of Quebec City under threat of the whip. Following Canadian Confederation, the laws were consolidated in the Criminal Code. These dealt principally with pimping, procuring, operating brothels and soliciting. Most amendments to date have dealt with the latter, originally classified as a "vagrancy" offence, this was amended to "soliciting" in 1972, and "communicating" in 1985. Since the Charter of Rights and Freedoms became law, the constitutionality of Canada's prostitution laws have been challenged on a number of occasions.
Until the Second World War.
Canada originally inherited many of its laws from England, the first legislation dealing with prostitution in Canada being a Nova Scotia Act of 1759 which allowed imprisonment for "lewd behaviour".
Most prostitution in the early days of Canadian history took place in brothels which were in every city.
Action by the authorities occurred only in the context of other criminal or socially undesirable activity taking place in or in the vicinity of these brothels such as creating a public nuisance. As in many other countries, what control there was of prostitution existed under vagrancy laws designed to keep public places free of "undesirables". Owners or operators of brothels (bawdy houses) could also be prosecuted as vagrants. These were based on the British Vagrancy Act 1824.
Once a federal government came into being following confederation in 1867, it became easier to develop a common criminal code, and women under 21 were protected from 'defilement' from that date, while in 1869, vagrancy provisions were consolidated and extended to include males 'living on the avails' of prostitution. The penalties were increased in 1874, and bawdy houses regulated from 1886.
By a lack of suitable alternatives, women were annexed into the sex industry. Only from about 1890 was there concern about the actual existence of prostitution, with religious groups, early feminists and women's groups such as Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) and the National Council of Women of Canada campaigning for social purity and against prostitution, which was condemned as a 'social evil', and 'white slave trade', a popular concern of the time. This produced an enthusiasm for rescuing 'fallen women'. However, with increasing action against brothels, more and more people working in prostitution carried out their business on the streets.
The Criminal Code was enacted in 1892 and existing provisions included and refined including making it an offence to procure women 'for unlawful carnal connection'. The laws continued to be amended in various ways over the years. From 1892 to 1972, this created an offence under 175(1)(c) for
"a vagrant who: being a common prostitute or nightwalker is found in a public place and does not, when required, give a good account of herself."
Up to the 1880s prostitution was largely tolerated in the Prairie provinces. Before 1909 there were few arrests and even fewer fines for prostitution, in part because those caught were encouraged to leave town rather than be jailed. As the population became more settled, however, public opinion regarding this resource for itinerant men turned hostile. For example, a smallpox epidemic in the red light districts of Calgary ignited a crackdown as demanded by middle class women reformers. Local chapters of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union vigorously opposed both saloons and prostitution, and called for woman suffrage as a tool to end those evils.
Postwar.
The social purity movement became much less prominent after World War I but had had little effect on the extent of prostitution, but there was now less public concern. Throughout enforcement was heavily gendered, with only a few men prosecuted under the avails and procurement laws. In 1947, it became an offence to transport a woman to a bawdy house.
Vagrancy.
The original 1892 Criminal Code described 12 ways in which a "loose, idle or disorderly person or vagrant" might be arrested and upon conviction subjected to a maximum fine of $50 or imprisonment not exceeding six months with or without hard labour. This was directed at the person as "vagrant" (status law). In 1954, amendments made vagrancy the doing of a prohibited act, and these were reduced to five. Three of them dealt with street disorder and were nicknamed "Vag A, B and C" after the respective clauses, and thus the prostitution prohibition as Vag C or "vagrancy (c)".
The original vagrancy laws were discriminatory in that they were applied overwhelmingly to women and criminalised the status of "being a common prostitute" rather than criminalising the behaviours associated with prostitution. For these reasons, the original status offences for prostitution could be said to contravene the current Charter of Rights and Freedoms.[http://laws.justice.gc.ca/en/charter]
Both the judiciary and the 1970 Report of the Royal Commission on the Status of Women complained about this.
In 1972 section 164.1:
No Apparent Means of Support<br>
Every one commits vagrancy who:<br>
was replaced by language prohibiting soliciting (communicating) for the purposes of prostitution (section 195.1), which read:
"every person who solicits any person in a public place for the purpose of prostitution is guilty of an offence punishable on summary conviction."
The new law was now gender neutral and defined an offence based on an act (although not the nature of the act) and was thought to have addressed the social nuisance concerns of residents. However it soon became clear that there were now new problems.
In "Hutt v. R." (1978) 82 D.L.R. (3d) 95 it was held that for the activities of a prostitute to be criminal their conduct must conform to the dictionary definition of "solicit"; it must be importuning, or "pressing or persistent" and constitute more than a mere indication that she was willing to prostitute herself. A plainclothes police officer permitted the appellant to enter his car. She then identified herself as a prostitute and discussed terms. The Court did not believe that this fell within the intent of parliament to prohibit acts "which would contribute to public inconvenience." Four judges indicated that they would not have considered an automobile a "public place," also excluding the actions from section 195.1. Following this there was concern that the police could no longer act against street prostitution unless there was "pressing or persistent" behaviour.
Municipal initiatives.
Residents started to campaign against sex work as a public nuisance, primarily to have it shifted out of their neighbourhoods. The 1978 "Hutt" decision led to public pressure to amend section 195.1 to expand the definition of soliciting. Street prostitution was described as a " plague" and there was pressure to deal with activity that was claimed to blight residential and commercial areas, and to be associated with criminal activity, including drugs and exploitation of children.
The federal government was seen to not be proactive on this prompting some cities to take action. Montreal (1980) and Calgary (1981) enacted bylaws that banned the use of streets and other public areas for prostitution. These cities claimed powers, derived from the provinces, to regulate the streets and restrict criminality. Although police and city officials claimed the bylaws to be effective, they were found to be unconstitutional. In R. v. Westendorp (1983), 32 C.R. (3d) 97, the Supreme Court found the Calgary by‑law was "ultra vires". Similarly for Montreal (Goldwax et al. v. City of Montreal, 2 S.C.R. 525). These rulings therefore nullified other similar bylaws enacted or proposed in Vancouver, Niagara Falls, Regina and Halifax. However, a 1983 Montreal by‑law forbidding the selling of any services on city streets without a permit was upheld in Quebec Superior Court.
Agitation for change continued at the municipal level as being most directly affected by the presence of prostitution. Ottawa and Edmonton created task forces in 1992 while Halifax, Montreal and Toronto police addressed juvenile prostitution and, in particular, exiting schemes.
Ottawa.
Ottawa made 33 recommendations. Many of these focused on enforcement, while others addressed crime prevention, education and crisis intervention programs. Others supported the 1990 C49 report for a re-examination of the Fraser Report. Specifically, these addressed funding for research and more control of harassment or obstruction. The Ottawa report also asked the Minister to work with municipalities to establish a National Crime Prevention Council. In response, the City took action to deter automobile traffic in certain areas.
Edmonton.
Edmonton focused on the juvenile issue, proposing amendments to child welfare legislation and the Criminal Code. It also proposed bylaws to regulate dating and escort services, exotic entertainers and massage parlours, including licensing, which were subsequently enacted.
Toronto.
In response to the 1995 Federal-Provincial-Territorial Working Group on Prostitution report "Dealing with Prostitution in Canada," Toronto's Board of Health advocated decriminalisation in 1995, with the City taking the responsibility of regulating the industry. The City then endorsed these proposals, further specifying that it involved only adult prostitution, supporting the federal report's proposals on juveniles.
Toronto also enacted a bylaw to restrict intimate erotic lap dancing in August 1995 to prohibit physical contact, including touching, between patrons and attendants, with a maximum fine of $50,000, and revocation of licences. Adult entertainment parlours were unsuccessful in having this quashed by the courts. In Ont. Adult Entertainment Bar Assn. v. Toronto, 26 O.R. (3d) 257 , it was held that the bylaw was enacted for valid objectives relating to business regulation, including health, safety and the prevention of crime, and did not usurp the Government's jurisdiction over criminal law. The court did not believe that the bylaw violated dancers' freedom of expression. Close-contact dancing was not a constitutionally protected right. This was upheld at the appellate level.
Other.
Other cities saw Edmonton and Toronto as examples of allowing municipal intervention without being "ultra vires" and the 1990s saw Victoria, Vancouver, Calgary, Winnipeg, Sault Ste. Marie and Windsor following suit. Civil suits, however, were undertaken on the basis of over-charging licence fees In 2002, an Edmonton prostitute commenced an action against the City, demanding it lower the license fee for escorts from $1,600. The action claimed that the City of Edmonton was "living off the avails of prostitution" by imposing such a high licence fee.
Provincial initiatives.
In 1984, the British Columbia Attorney General applied to the B.C. Supreme Court for an injunction to restrain, as a common law public nuisance, prostitution‑related activity in a residential area of Vancouver. The interim injunction (A.G. B.C. v. Couillard (1984), 42 C.R. (3d) 273) prohibited persons from publicly offering or appearing to offer themselves, directly or indirectly, for the purposes of prostitution, in addition it addressed trespassing and disturbance of the peace by prostitutes. Evidence was presented from residents of the West End as to the effect on their neighbourhood. However, the interim measure was rescinded after the enactment of new legislation in December 1985.
In 1984, the Attorney General of Nova Scotia applied for an injunction in the City of Halifax. The application was refused on the grounds of being "ultra vires". The Court of Appeal upheld this in March 1985 (A.G. N.S. v. Beaver (1985), 67 N.S.R. (2d) 281, 155 A.P.R. 281).
The provinces have continued to seek ways of controlling prostitution without infringing Parliament's jurisdiction over the Criminal Code. The Traffic and Highway Acts in several provinces have been amended to allow police to seize, impound and sell vehicles of clients. Manitoba enacted this in 1999. In 2001 and 2002, Nova Scotia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan followed. Ontario went further in 2002 with a civil law allowing the province to ask the courts to freeze, seize and forfeit to the Crown property that is the proceeds of unlawful activity including prostitution, without involving criminal charges. Other provincial Acts authorize the suspension of a driver’s licence on conviction of a prostitution related offence involving a motor vehicle.
Inquiries.
Fraser Committee (1983–85).
The Justice Minister established a committee in June 1983 to enquire into prostitution and pornography, headed by Paul Fraser, which reported in April 1985.
That report stated that prostitution was widespread in Canada, particularly in cities. Although empirical evidence was lacking, it concluded that economic necessity was a major motivation for many women. Public opinion was ambivalent. Most people opposed further criminalization, but there was support for actions to alleviate public nuisance associated with it.
In the report, three strategies were considered; criminalization, decriminalization, and regulation. Further criminalization would prohibit all forms of prostitution but was felt to be impossible to enforce, had little public support, and represented the imposition of moral views through the criminal law. The Committee did not fully support decriminalisation either, on the grounds that it found little evidence that all of the harms would be alleviated. The Committee also rejected regulation by the state.
Instead, the Committee put forward recommendations having elements of all three approaches. For the first time, recommendations addressed underlying economic and social issues, whose alleviation might improve the situation. The Committee recommended addressing social inequalities between genders, assisting women and youth in need, and funding of community groups involved with prostitution.
While the Committee (with one dissension) did not support complete decriminalisation, it suggested thorough revision of the criminal law, with tougher penalties for street prostitution because of the harm of disturbance and nuisance. It suggested a new offence of interfering or attempting to interfere, on more than one occasion, with pedestrian or vehicular traffic for the purposes of offering to engage in prostitution or of employing the services of a prostitute but not the mere offer or acceptance without disturbance.
This was to be balanced by easing restrictions on other activities. Bawdy house provisions were to be amended to allow up to two workers on a premise as out was illogical to permit prostitution but make it illegal to perform it anywhere. The committee thought that a maximum of two persons would be unlikely to be associated with public nuisance and would allow a worker to use their own home. It also proposed that prostitution establishments be permitted to be licensed and operated by provincial or territorial governments, like other businesses.
The Committee recommended repeal of the offences of procuring and living on the avails of prostitution, limiting this to the use of force, threats or other coercive or threatening behaviour. The Committee concluded its report as follows:
"Prostitution cannot be dealt with on a piecemeal basis, but only by carefully linking the provisions on each aspect of prostitution-related activity."
Response was varied. Authorities were positive about strengthening measures against street work, but negative about relaxing sanctions against indoor work, and no support emerged at the Provincial level.
C-49 Review (1987-90).
Bill C-49 (1985) stated its objectives were to remove "street prostitutes and their customers from "downtown neighbourhoods." It also mandated a review within three years. A research study was therefore undertaken in 1987-88 to determine whether C-49 resulted in "a reduction in the nuisance of street prostitution Vancouver, Calgary, Toronto, Montreal and Halifax were chosen as major test sites, with smaller studies in Regina, Winnipeg, London, Niagara Falls, Ottawa, Trois-Rivières and Quebec City. Interviews were conducted with police officers, Crown prosecutors, defence lawyers, judges, prostitutes, customers, pimps, social agency staff, and business people and residents. Baseline data was available from the 1984 report of the Fraser Committee. The report, "Street Prostitution: Assessing the Impact of the Law" was published in July 1989 by the Department of Justice. The report concluded that although the
"practice of street prostitution was modified somewhat by the communicating law ... (i)n most of the cities included in the study, street prostitution was as prevalent as it was before the new law."
In 1989, the Standing Committee on Justice and the Solicitor General conducted a comprehensive review of Bill C‑49, reporting in October 1990. Its three recommendations were the following:
- (1) that the departments responsible for justice, health and welfare, and employment, at all levels of government, develop programs to provide start‑up and core funding to community‑based agencies providing integrated, holistic programs accessible and responsive to the needs of male and female prostitutes wishing to leave the street solicitation trade;
- (2) that the Identification of Criminals Act be amended to allow for the fingerprinting and photographing of those charged under section 213 of the Criminal Code, whether as prostitutes or as customers; and
- (3) that section 213 of the Criminal Code be amended to provide sentencing judges with the discretion to prohibit persons convicted of street solicitation involving a motor vehicle, in addition to any other penalty imposed, from driving a motor vehicle for a period not to exceed three months.
Essentially, in its 1991 response, the government rejected the recommendations and did not amend legislation. It suggested that rather than proceed with developing exit strategies, further consultation should be undertaken, and that further penalties would not enhance exiting. The final recommendation was also rejected as being irrational.
Further amendments to the Federal Criminal Code.
Despite the apparently neutral language of the law, the courts continued to interpret 'person' as woman, requiring a 1983 amendment defining "prostitute" as a person of either sex who engages in prostitution.
The next problem, also relating to gender neutrality, was the issue of whether it was discriminatory, applying only to the seller not the buyer. Case law was inconsistent. The B.C. Court of Appeal held "for the purpose of prostitution" referred only to the seller (R. v. Dudak (1978), 3 C.R. (3d) 68) while the Ontario Court of Appeal held (in R. v. DiPaola (1978), 4 C.R. (3d) 121) that it referred to either party.
C-49 (1985).
It was clear that the law needed to be reviewed, and Bill C‑49 was introduced in 1985, coming into force on 28 December 1985, replacing section 195.1. The new offence (section 213) referred to any person in a public place (or place open to public view) who stopped or attempted to stop a motor vehicle, impeded pedestrian or vehicular traffic, or interfered with the entry to a building, or stopped any person or engaged in
"communicating in a public place for the purposes of prostitution"
"Public place" was defined as including motor vehicles in or on public places. This section was to be reviewed after three years. The Justice Minister stated that further amendments would be forthcoming, but nothing came of this. The section was challenged unsuccessfully in the Supreme Court in 1990. The new section was welcomed by citizens and authorities, but critics claimed it would merely displace the phenomenon, endanger workers, and give the police and court too much discretionary power.
C-15 (1988).
In 1988 Bill C‑15 made it an offence to obtain or attempt to obtain the sexual services of a minor, increasing the maximum penalty to 14 years for anyone convicted of living on the avails of a prostitute under the age of 18 years.
C-36 (2014).
Following the declaration by the Supreme court in December 2013 that certain key provisions were unconstitutional, Peter MacKay the Minister of Justice introduced amending legislation, C-36 the ""Protection of Communities and Exploited Persons Act"" on June 4 2014, which received first reading. Second reading was moved on June 11.

</doc>
<doc id="31196356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196356" title="Sydney Fairbrother">
Sydney Fairbrother

Sydney Fairbrother (1872–1941) was a British actress.
Born Sydney Tapping on 31 July 1872 in London, she was educated at Blackpool and Bonn. She made her stage debut in Birmingham, UK in 1890 with the famous "Kendall Company" and a few years later toured America with them. She came to the screen in 1916 in a film called "Iron Justice" and chiefly appeared in comedy roles. She retired in 1938 and died on 4 January 1941 in London.

</doc>
<doc id="31196365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196365" title="Berit Unn Johansen">
Berit Unn Johansen

Berit Unn Johansen (born 1947) is a Norwegian figure skater. She became Norwegian champion in 1964. She competed at the Winter Olympics in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="31196377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196377" title="Spooks (series 10)">
Spooks (series 10)

The tenth and final series of the BBC espionage television series "Spooks" (known as MI-5 in the United States) began broadcasting on 18 September 2011 on BBC One, and continued until 23 October. It consists of six episodes. The series continues the actions of Section D, a fictional counter-terrorism division of the British Security Service (MI5). In August 2011, Kudos Film and Television, the production company behind "Spooks", announced that the tenth series will be its last, as they wanted the show to end "in its prime."
In this series, former Russian spy-turned-politician Ilya Gavrik (Jonathan Hyde), Harry Pearce's (Peter Firth) opposite during the Cold War, proposes a strategic partnership between Russia and the United Kingdom. Also with Gavrik is his wife Elena (Alice Krige), with whom Harry had an affair during the 1980s. However, over the course of the series Section D must stop those who intend to sabotage the partnership. As well as Firth, Nicola Walker, Max Brown, Shazad Latif, Simon Russell Beale, Lara Pulver and Geoffrey Streatfeild are included as the main cast. The final episode includes a cameo appearance of Matthew Macfadyen, who headlined the first two years of the show.
Ratings for the series generally struggled as it went against "Downton Abbey", a highly successful period drama series from ITV1, which was seen by nearly twice the audience; the series attained a per-episode average ratings of 5.41 million viewers. Reviews of the final series were polarised between positive and negative, with critical opinions ranging from "as impressive as ever" to looking "tattered and tired". The DVD box set of the tenth series was released on 28 November 2011 in Region 2, on 6 March 2012 in Region 1, and on 4 April 2012 in Region 4.
Episodes.
In this table, the number in the first column refers to the episode's number within the entire series, whereas the number in the second column indicates the episode's number within the tenth series. "UK viewers in millions" refers to how many Britons watched the episode on BBC One.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Cast.
Peter Firth returns as Harry Pearce. The tenth series begins with Harry on "gardening leave" after trading Albany, a state secret, for Ruth's safety. Also, Harry recalls an operation during the 1980s where he fell in love with Russian double agent Elena. Firth has said that Harry will not be killed off in the series. Sam Reid will play a younger version of Harry. Nicola Walker returns as Ruth Evershed. Max Brown reprises his role as Dimitri Levendis. Brown has said of his return to "Spooks"; "I couldn't wait to get back under the skin of Dimitri and see what new challenges he faced this year. He's a bit more senior now because he's been on the Grid for a year." Shazad Latif also returns as Tariq Masood, and Simon Russell Beale returns as Home Secretary William Towers.
The series will introduce a number of new characters. Lara Pulver was cast as the new Chief of Section D, Erin Watts. Pulver described Erin as "young", "feisty", and has got "something to prove... but she has a maturity and a delicacy with the matters she's handling that makes her really good at her job." The character is also a single mother. The actress returned to London from Los Angeles to participate in other projects there. When the "Spooks" casting directors heard of her arrival, they approached her. She was back in Los Angeles when she was told she won the part. Geoffrey Streatfeild was cast as Calum Reed, an information technology (IT) expert. Streatfeild researched his role before starting. The actor was a fan of "Spooks" and found it "weird to join a group of people when you know their characters." Jonathan Hyde and Alice Krige will also have roles in the series; Krige plays Elena. Jenni Herzberg will play the younger version of Elena.
Two main characters from the ninth series did not return for the tenth. Richard Armitage did not return as Lucas North. Firth has stated that Lucas "was always going to die" at the end of the ninth series. At the time the series was produced, Armitage was filming for "The Hobbit" film project. Also, Sophia Myles did not return as Beth Bailey as the character was decommissioned between the ninth and tenth series. Myles left the series as she wanted to pursue other projects in America. Matthew Macfadyen, who starred in the first two series as protagonist Tom Quinn, returned for a cameo appearance in the series finale.
Production.
Crew.
Jonathan Brackley and Sam Vincent, who have been the head writers for the previous ninth series of "Spooks", returned to their writing duties for the tenth series. Sean Cook and Anthony Neilson are also writers of the series. Alrick Riley, Julian Holmes and Bharat Nalluri are the series directors, with Nalluri directing the last two episodes. Chris Fry is the series producer, and Jane Featherstone, Simon Crawford Collins and Howard Burch are the executive producers.
Development.
Early on in the series' developmental stage, it was decided that the series would only consist of six episodes. The decision was likely based on budget cuts from the BBC. The series featured a mix of standalone stories, and a "big old arc" that runs through it. The arc focuses on Harry, the only remaining original lead character from the first series. The Harry/Ruth storyline continued, as Firth believed it is "too delicious to stop." The series also saw the pair's relationship enter a new phase, though it may probably be "too late for them to proceed any further." Brackley and Vincent realise that there are fans of the show who will be "immensely cheesed off if they get anything less than Ruth riding in on a unicorn to marry Harry in a white suit," but at the same time know other fans "love the uncompromising toughness of "Spooks". And both viewpoints were always well represented around the table."
The storyline also features Harry and the Section D team forging new relationships with different countries, including Russia, which in the series has a better image in the Middle East. Because of this, the writers storyline a deteriorating "Special Relationship" between Britain and the United States. For the finale episode, the writers went through "countless" ideas for how it would end. Some of the dropped ideas lasted for weeks, one of them being Harry detonating a nuclear weapon in Siberia. Other characters had their own stories as well. Dimitri was the "chief action man" of the series, with his very own centric episode, where he was to honeytrap a young woman in the third episode. Though Myles left the series, there were plans to explore her character's past further should Myles remain on board. On the other hand, it allowed the writers to introduce Erin Watts and Calum Reed. Real world events were often written into "Spooks" episodes, though they do not alter their main plots. Episodes of the tenth series made references to such world events in 2011 such as the 2011 Libyan civil war, and the death of Osama bin Laden. Filming took place from March, to June 2011.
Series conclusion.
In August 2011, Kudos announced that the tenth series of "Spooks" would be the final series. Executive producer Jane Featherstone decided to end the series during its writing stage, stating "It's very tempting to keep going, and we have had ongoing conversations with our partners at the BBC about it, but the heart of the show has become those two characters and Ruth and I feel they own it. We've followed the arc of their personal story and I think they've brought us to a natural end, which you will all see played out later this year." It was also intended to end the series "in its prime." Writers Brackley and Vincent noted "there was always a strong possibility of it being the end, so throughout the process we were looking for ways to infuse it with a sense of finality. We'd done a fair bit of writing before it was made definite by Kudos – but had plenty of time to plot a true conclusion. And crucially, by the time we began to write the final ep, we knew it would be the last." They also stated; "When Kudos asked for our opinion, we said we'd hate to see it cancelled on a cliffhanger – it just wouldn't be right, or fair on the fans. Call us suck-ups, but you have to really admire Kudos for having the confidence to kill off a very successful show – purely because it's the right thing creatively." Firth believed the series is getting to a point where the producers were starting to run out of story ideas, as virtually every type of antagonists have been featured in past episodes.
Broadcast and reception.
Trailers.
A number of trailers were produced before the broadcast of the tenth series. A first look trailer was first released on July 2011 on the BBC, which also consists clips from other BBC programmes including "The Body Farm", "Doctor Who", "The Hour", "Merlin" and "Page Eight". In early September a short teaser trailer was released, which includes clips of the series with the tagline "This is the end." This was followed by a full 30-second trailer a week later.
Broadcast and ratings.
The tenth series began broadcast on Sunday, 18 September 2011, during the 9 pm to 10 pm timeslot, on BBC One. It was considered a move as previous series were often broadcast on a Monday. The move would make the finale series a "special event" by placing it on a Sunday night. However, it emerged that the final series would face off against the second series of the highly successful ITV1 period drama series "Downton Abbey", which averaged nine million viewers in its first year. The BBC however, defended the position by saying that ""Downton" and "Spooks" are very different shows and offer a real alternative for audiences."
After the broadcast of the first episode, "Spooks" received overnight viewing figures of 4.62 million with a 17 per cent audience share. It lost out to "Downton Abbey" which received almost twice the viewers, with nine million and a 34.6 per cent share. Overnight ratings for the series ten premiere was down from the 5.58 million that tuned in for the series nine premiere episode. By the second week, overnight figures for "Spooks" went down nearly half a million to 4.15 million, as "Downton" ratings increased. However despite being trounced by "Downton Abbey", "Spooks" saw a gradual increase in viewership over the subsequent weeks, leading up to a boost of up to 5.13 million viewers for the final episode on 23 October 2011. With consolidated ratings factored in, the last series of "Spooks" was given a per-episode average of 5.41 million viewers.
Critical reception.
Critical reactions towards the series were polarised between positive and negative. Among the positive reviews, Peter Sharples of CultBox rated the series five out of five stars, commending the series for looking "more cinematic than in previous years," adding "any reduction in budget certainly doesn't show, with the action scenes as impressive as ever." Sharples was also appreciative of the "pretty strong" new cast, including Pulver for "making a big impression as a tough action girl juggling responsibilities as section head with those of a single parent," and Streatfeild for being "amusingly cocky and insubordinate." Sharples also commented that "ultimately Series 10 belongs to Peter Firth and Nicola Walker (more so than ever in the final, heartrending moments), confirming that it is they who held Spooks together and, pushed even more to the fore, elevate the series to a new level." Sam Wollaston of "The Guardian's" review was mostly a response to John le Carré who branded "Spooks" as "crap" for its lack of a true representation to MI5; "Lighten up J le C, no one thinks it is actually like that, it's just a bit of fun. And it is fun, exciting too. Plus it deals with important social issues. Look at new section chief Erin Watts, unattached, with a young child. You can be a great spy and a great mum. "Spooks" sends out positive messages about work and single-parenting; you don't get that in "Tinker Tailor" ... OK, it is crap, but good crap." Morgan Jeffery of Digital Spy listed the final series of "Spooks" as "Best of the Rest" for 2011, television shows that failed to make the website's top 25 television series. Jeffery however, gave the series a favourable review, stating that although the show "waxed and waned over the years," the tenth series "saw "Spooks" back on top form," adding "the final run unfolded with a great deal of pace, excitement and emotion."
Adam Sweeting of The Arts Desk however, said that the tenth series "hadn't been the finest of seasons, partly because the death of Richard Armitage's Lucas North at the end of Series 9 left a void which was never successfully filled. Lara Pulver never seemed comfortable as Erin Watts, Section D's new head, because she looked as if she'd been seconded from a modelling agency, while promoting Dimitri (Max Brown) up the batting order merely allowed him to become more faceless by the hour." Andrew Pettie of "The Daily Telegraph" believed that "Spooks" is looking "tattered and tired," with a plot that is "about as up-to-date as the Berlin Wall." Pettie was also critical of the "motion analysis filter," a series-adopted technique for matching people by the way they walk. Pettie "The rare moments of intrigue were dredged from Harry's past affair with a Russian double agent. There will no doubt be more double-dealing to come. But in recent years the most enjoyable bits of Spooks have also been the least plausible, as the scriptwriters really let their hair down and do something silly." he rated the premiere episode two stars out of five. Tom Sutcliff of "The Independent" also rated the premiere episode two out of five, stating ""Spooks" isn't even true to its own account of the world, let alone the one the rest of us inhabit. At one moment, a senior Russian minister was described as virtually unfollowable because of his wily knowledge of tradecraft. At the next, one of Harry's boys was sauntering past the boot of his car to clip on a tracker, in full view of the target and his security men."
Home video release.
The tenth series of "Spooks" was first released on DVD on 28 November 2011 in the United Kingdom (Region 2), and was later released in the United States (Region 1) on 6 March 2012. It will be released in Australia (Region 4) on 4 April 2012. The box set includes all six episodes of the final series on three discs, with two of the episodes containing optional audio commentaries from the show's writers and directors. Other special features include two featurettes; "Spooks' Top 10 Moments", which comprises cast and crew members picking their favourite "Spooks" scenes, and "Harry's Game", which features interviews concerning the story arc of the tenth series. It was released with a "15" British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) certificate (unsuitable for viewers under the age of 15 years).

</doc>
<doc id="31196386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196386" title="Nuclear energy in Croatia">
Nuclear energy in Croatia

Croatia has no nuclear power plants on its territory. Croatia co-owns the Krško Nuclear Power Plant together with Slovenia; the Krško plant was built in the era of Yugoslavia on the territory of present-day Slovenia. In 1978, the Adriatic island of Vir was selected as a location for a future nuclear power plant, but these plans were abandoned. Also, Croatia has been discussing since 2009 the option of building together with Albania a nuclear power plant on the shore of Shkodër Lake, on the border with Albania and Montenegro. However, the Croatian government later denied this initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="31196387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196387" title="Protected areas of Ukraine">
Protected areas of Ukraine

Protected areas of Ukraine () are special areas of Ukraine established with the goal of protecting the natural and cultural heritage of the country from excessive changes as a result of human activity. The protection of the areas is the responsibility of the government of Ukraine, specifically the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine.
Designation and administration.
There are two separate ministries that, together with the Cabinet of Ministers, administer the preservation of protected areas on the national scale. Local preservation is conducted through the regional State Administrations. The areas or landmarks that are designated as protected may carry either cultural or environmental value. Environmentally protected areas and objects in Ukraine are designed in the "Nature Preservation Fund" (PZF, "Природно-заповідний фонд України") which includes national parks, (nature preserves), natural landmarks, biosphere preserves, and other areas. Areas and objects from the cultural heritage, including museums, are also protected. The preservation of these areas and objects is supervised by different government ministries, which designate special agencies for the task of preservation. All objects from the cultural heritage are recorded in the "State Registry for Fixed Landmarks of Ukraine" (sometimes - simply as the Registry).
Since 2010, the governing body responsible for the organization, protection, and use of the "Nature Preservation Fund" has been the Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources of Ukraine, which designated the State Service for Nature Preservation as a specialized department. The governing body responsible for the organization, protection, and use of all recorded nature preserves, museums, and other objects in the cultural heritage is the Ministry of Culture of Ukraine), which designated Derzhkultspadshchyna (abbreviated for the State Cultural Heritage) as a specialized department for this preservation.
Museums.
Cultural preservation in Ukraine is conducted by the Ministry of Culture, as well as by individual museums, which may or not be state-owned. Museums are generally regulated by a special law on museums, which differs from the statutes of the government agency Derzhkultspadshchyna; however, museums that are part of a cultural preserve fall under the jurisdiction of the government and are supervised by Derzhkultspadshchyna. Individual museum objects or collections that are constantly kept on the territory of Ukraine, regardless of their origin and ownership, as well as museum objects or collections that are located outside of Ukraine and are property of Ukraine or subject to return there, according to international laws, are part of the "Museum Fund of Ukraine". The Museum Fund of Ukraine may or not be part of state program for the preservation of the cultural heritage.
Chernobyl Exclusion Zone.
The preservation of the cultural heritage and natural environment in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone is exclusively conducted by the administration of that zone, which is under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Emergencies.
Nature preservation.
History.
The Main Directory of National Nature Parks and Nature Preservation, which supervised the protected areas of Ukraine, was created in 1995. In 2001 the Directory was reorganized into the State Service for Nature Preservation. Of all the different kinds of protected natural areas, the most important are considered to be nature preserves (zapovedniks), national nature parks, and nature reserves (zakazniks). The total area of the protected areas of Ukraine consists of , or around 5.4% of the total area of the country. The largest categories of protected areas are regional nature reserves, which account for over a third of the Nature Preservation Fund, and national nature parks, which represent about a quarter. The smallest are botanic gardens and zoos. In 2010, the Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources, through the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, submitted a proposition for parliamentary review, which outlined a plan for the development of the national ecological program of nature preservation through the year 2020. This proposal would increase the protected natural areas of Ukraine twofold.
Categories of protected natural areas.
The scope of protected natural areas in Ukraine encompasses land and water areas, nature complexes and objects that carry special nature-protecting, scientific, aesthetic, recreational and other value. Areas are designated protected in order to preserve the natural variety of landscapes and the gene pool of their fauna and flora; to support general ecological balance; and to provide background environmental monitoring. Under the laws of Ukraine, these areas are treated as a part of the national heritage, as well as an integral part of the global system of natural areas and objects that are under special protection.
Protected natural areas in Ukraine are divided into one of the following: natural areas and objects, which include nature preserves, biosphere preserves, national nature parks, regional landscape parks, nature reserves, natural monuments, and protected tracts; and artificially created objects, such as botanic gardens, arboreta, zoological parks, and park architecture monuments. Depending on their ecological, scientific, historical, or cultural value, nature reserves, natural monuments, botanic gardens, arboreta, zoological parks, and park architecture monuments may be of nation-wide or local importance.
Nature reserves can have varying degrees of protection, according to their botanical, generally zoological, ornithological, entomological, ichthyological, hydrological, generally geological, paleontological, or karst-speleological features, or their landscape and forestry; natural monuments can be complex, botanical, zoological, hydrological, and geological.
Forms of property.
The territories of nature preserves, biosphere preserves, and other natural resources given to the national nature parks are the property of the Ukrainian people. Regional landscape parks, certain zones of biosphere preserves (buffer, anthropogenic landscapes, regulated preservation regime), and other lands and natural resources of national nature parks, nature reserves, natural monuments, protected tracts, botanical gardens, arboreta, zoological parks, and park architecture monuments may be the property of the Ukrainian people as well as any other forms of property provided by the legislation of Ukraine. Botanical gardens, arboreta, and zoological parks created before June 16, 1992 are not subject to privatization.
In the event of changes to the form of property on land where nature reserves, natural monuments, protected tracts, and park architecture monuments are located, the landowners are required to ensure their continued protection and preservation.
Legal basis for protected designation.
The objective, scientific profile, nature of operation, and protection regimen of protected natural areas are defined by laws set forth by the central body of executive power in the sphere of Environmental Protection. Nature preserves, biosphere preserves, national nature parks, botanic gardens, arboreta, zoological parks of state-wide importance, as well as regional landscape parks are considered legal entities. Botanic gardens, arboreta, zoological parks of local importance and park architecture monuments may be recognized as legal entities in respect to the legislation of Ukraine.
Culture Preservation.
Classification.
There are three major classes for objects of cultural heritage.
There are following types of objects of cultural heritage:
Forms of property.
All monuments except monuments of archeology may be a property of state, community, or individual. All monuments of archeology including the ones that are underwater along with any movable objects related to them are a state property. Such movable objects are attributed to the state part of "Museum Fund of Ukraine", and subject for registration and preservation in accordance with law.
Form of property on a treasury that is considered a monument (attraction) is defined by the Civil Codex of Ukraine. In a document that certifies the form of property on a monument are indicated category of the monument, date and the number of decision for its state registration.
Lands where located monuments of archeology are property of state or withdrawn (sold) to state in the established by law order, excluding the land plots with the monument of archeology as fields of ancient battles.
Organization of objects of cultural heritage.
In order to protect the traditional nature of the environment of populated places they recorded in the List of historical populated sites of Ukraine which is approved by the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine. Any urban, architectural, and landscape transformations as well as building, meliorative, road construction, and any excavations without the permission of the respective authority for protection of cultural heritage is prohibited.
Complex (ensemble) of monuments with its entire collection of components that carry cultural, historic, and scientific value, specially, planned, and functionally allocated within the structure of a populated settlement or localized outside of it, maybe declared a historic-cultural preserve of state or local importance. Historic-cultural preserved territory is declared a historically formed territory, within which remained significant number of objects of cultural heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="31196397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196397" title="Tuoketuo Power Station">
Tuoketuo Power Station

The Tuoketuo Power Station () is the largest coal-fired power station in the world. The plant is located in Togtoh County, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, China. The plant was commissioned in November 1995 by the Tuoketuo Power Company, who currently owns and operates the power station.
The Tuoketuo Power Company is currently owned by three separate companies: 
The units of the facility was commissioned in five separate phases, each phase consisting of two additions, consisting of a total of ten units rated at each, all of which runs on coal. The 1st and 2nd units were commissioned in June and July 2003, the 3rd and 4th units were commissioned in July and September 2004, the 5th and 6th units were commissioned in September and November 2005, and the 7th and 8th units were commissioned in June 2006. Finally the 9th and 10th units were commissioned in 2011. All of the generated power is delivered to Beijing via transmission lines.
The interval of 50 days between the commissioning of the two units of Phase I set a new record of the shortest construction time among comparable units in the North China region.
Two additional units of each were also commissioned, of which the generated power is used to for the operations of the power plant itself, and not used/delivered outside the facility. With the addition of the final stage, it became the largest thermal power station in the world.
Fuel supply.
The power plant exploits coal from the Junggar Coalfield approximately away, and meets its water requirements by pumping its needs from the Yellow River, located away.

</doc>
<doc id="31196402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196402" title="Biopreservation">
Biopreservation

Biopreservation is the use of natural or controlled microbiota or antimicrobials as a way of preserving food and extending its shelf life. Beneficial bacteria or the fermentation products produced by these bacteria are used in biopreservation to control spoilage and render pathogens inactive in food. It is a benign ecological approach which is gaining increasing attention.
Of special interest are lactic acid bacteria (LAB). Lactic acid bacteria have antagonistic properties which make them particularly useful as biopreservatives. When LABs compete for nutrients, their metabolites often include active antimicrobials such as lactic and acetic acid, hydrogen peroxide, and peptide bacteriocins. Some LABs produce the antimicrobial nisin which is a particularly effective preservative.
A bacterium that is a suitable candidate for use as a biopreservative does not necessarily have to ferment the food. But if conditions are suitable for microbial growth, then a biopreservative bacterium will compete well for nutrients with the spoilage and pathogenic bacteria in the food. As a product of its metabolism, it should also produce acids and other antimicrobial agents, particularly bacteriocins. Biopreservative bacteria, such as lactic acid bacteria, must be harmless to humans.
These days LAB bacteriocins are used as an integral part of hurdle technology. Using them in combination with other preservative techniques can effectively control spoilage bacteria and other pathogens, and can inhibit the activities of a wide spectrum of organisms, including inherently resistant Gram-negative bacteria." 
In fish processing, biopreservation is achieved by adding antimicrobials or by increasing the acidity of the fish muscle. Most bacteria stop multiplying when the pH is less than 4.5. Traditionally, acidity has been increased by fermentation, marination or by directly adding acetic, citric or lactic acid to food products. Other preservatives include nitrites, sulphites, sorbates, benzoates and essential oils. 

</doc>
<doc id="31196403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196403" title="List of former members of AKB48">
List of former members of AKB48

Former members of AKB48 are members who were part of the group at one point of time. Members have left for various reasons from focusing on their studies to entering into new careers. The member lineup often changes as when girls get older, they "graduate" from the group, and are replaced by members promoted from the trainees. Yuki Usami was the first member to graduate from the group in March 31, 2006.
Transferred members.
These members were transferred from AKB48 to a different group.
Other.
These former members did not undergo graduation, but left the group for miscellaneous reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="31196409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196409" title="Lake Petersburg, Illinois">
Lake Petersburg, Illinois

Lake Petersburg is a census-designated place in Menard County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 719 as of the 2010 census.

</doc>
<doc id="31196426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196426" title="Nuclear energy in Lithuania">
Nuclear energy in Lithuania

In Lithuania in 1978, construction began on two RBMK reactors (1,380 MWe net) with 30-year lives for the Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant. The light-water, graphite-moderated reactors were of similar design as those at Chernobyl. The nuclear power plant began operating in 1983. The first reactor was decommissioned in 2004 and the second one in 2009. Originally, Lithuania built these reactors to export electricity to its neighbours, with 42% of electricity exported in 1989. This number fell through the 1990s as domestic demand increased.
In 1994, Lithuania accepted US$36.8 million from the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development's Nuclear Safety Account to improve safety at the Ignalina site. Under the grant, both the reactors had to be closed within 15–20 years. Moreover, in order to join the EU, Lithuania had to decommission one reactor immediately and the second by 2009. The EU agreed to pay for decommissioning costs and some compensation through 2013. Strong public opposition followed, because of fear for electricity price hikes.
In 2006, Lithuanian, Latvian and Estonian power companies carried out the feasibility study for construction of the new nuclear power plant in Lithuania to replace existing Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant, scheduled to be shut down in 2009. The study shows that the nuclear power plant project is feasible.
The Radioactive Waste Management Agency, established in 2001, is responsible for disposal of all radioactive waste from Ignalina during operation and decommissioning. A site near the plant has been identified for storage of low and intermediate-level waste. According to the World Nuclear Association, the Lithuanian government is in the process of building a permanent repository, to be completed in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="31196445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196445" title="Niamiha">
Niamiha

Niamiha or Nemiga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31196448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196448" title="Gatling Gears">
Gatling Gears

Gatling Gears is a shooter video game developed by Vanguard Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts. In the game, players control dieselpunk mechs from an isometric perspective to destroy waves of enemies. "Gatling Gears" was released on Xbox Live Arcade in May 11, 2011, June 28, 2011 for PlayStation Network and on August 30, 2011 for Windows.
Gatling Gears was made by the same team that created the turn-based strategy game Greed Corp and is set in the same world. Some iconic elements from Greed Corp are present in Gatling Gears, such as collapsing land and walker mechs.
Reception.
GameZone gave the game an 8/10, stating "It can be a repetitive process because each level requires you to blow up everything in sight, but the combination of challenge and reward makes the repetition a minute issue. If you’re in dire need of a solid twin-stick shooter fix, give Gatling Gears a go."
References.
TRase

</doc>
<doc id="31196467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196467" title="Nuclear power in Albania">
Nuclear power in Albania

Albania presently has no nuclear power plants, but in 2007 the government discussed constructing a nuclear power plant at Durrës. In addition to meeting the domestic energy demands, the plan foresaw electricity export to neighboring Balkan countries and Italy via an underwater cable, which would link the Italian and Albanian electricity networks. In April 2009, Albania and Croatia announced a plan to jointly construct a 1,500 MWe nuclear power plant on the shores of Lake Scutari (Lake Shkodër), near Albania's border with Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="31196469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196469" title="Wasted on the Young">
Wasted on the Young

Wasted on the Young is an Australian thriller, directed by first-time feature filmmaker Ben C. Lucas, and shot by cinematographer Dan Freene, which tells the story of a traumatic high school incident that sets off a fatal chain of events for two brothers. The film was shot in 2009 at an ultra modern mansion in City Beach and at Edith Cowan University’s Mount Lawley and Joondalup campuses. The film received $750,000 in ScreenWest funding through its West Coast Visions initiative, as well as funding from Screen Australia.
Plot.
The film, set in a fictional high school, tells the story of teenage high school student Xandrie (Adelaide Clemens), and two step brothers, Zack (Alex Russell) and Darren (Oliver Ackland).
The film begins with Zack and his friends, Brook and Jonathan, at the beach, where they leave the unconscious Xandrie on the coast. It then rewinds to retell the events leading to this scene.
Darren and his step-brother Zack are complete opposites. Darren likes to spend time in front of the computer, and doesn't associate himself much with other people. Zack is high on the social ladder at their private high school, mainly earning his popularity through his wealth and position on the school swim team - Darren is also on the team but he swims purely for enjoyment, without the social recognition and status. A bubbly and intelligent girl, named Xandrie, takes a liking to Darren. To spend more time with Darren, she decides to attend one of Zack's extravagant house parties with her friend, Ella. Zack and his friends notice her infatuation with Darren.
During the party, Xandrie fails to meet up with Darren as they are unable to find each other in the crowd. Zack's friends, Simone and Karenn, spike Xandrie's drink and take her and Ella down to the basement, where Zack and his other friends are. Xandrie falls unconscious due to the drugs, and Zack and his friends assault and rape her. Meanwhile Darren, barred by Brook from following her, decides to go back to his room and falls asleep. Zack, Brook and Jonathan take Xandrie to the beach, and leave her for dead. The next morning, Darren finds Xandrie's phone in his basement, and searches for her at school but is unable to find her. He approaches Ella, who confides that she also doesn't know where Xandrie is. Darren confronts Zack, who denies knowing her whereabouts.
Wanting answers, Darren questions Jonathan and beats him up, but is unable to get answers from him. He tracks Xandrie's home address and visits her, but she doesn't answer the door. A few days pass, and Xandrie becomes the topic of negative rumours at the school. But Xandrie returns to school, much to the surprise of everyone, especially Darren. While with Ella, Xandrie is approached by Karenn and Simone, with Karenn warning her that it's only her word against theirs.
Darren, still wanting to find out about what really happened, steals Jonathon's laptop to download its contents, as Jonathon often films the escapades of himself and his friends. He is sick to discover footage of the events leading to Xandrie's assault.
Darren finds time to see Xandrie, and offers her phone back, but she declines. Darren swears to her he was not part of what happened. She rejects his apology, saying that everyone's already made up their mind about what really happened. Unable to sway her, Darren returns home. We see a flashback of Zack and Darren's first meeting.
Zack visits Xandrie at her house, and tells her to keep her mouth shut because no one is going to believe her. Zack finally begins to feel anxious as he realises the consequences of his and his friends' actions. Darren meets up with Xandrie late at night, and she tells him that she's planning on leaving, calling their school a parallel universe where nothing is real.
The next day, Xandrie arrives at the school with a gun, and meets with Darren. Zack and Brook agree Darren is a liability, and Zack sends Brooke after him. Darren runs after Brook punches him, and Brook chases him inside the library, past a hidden Xandrie who is holding a gun. The two boys eventually attract a crowd which traps Darren and Brook attacks him. Zack arrives and tells Darren that he deserves it because he went against him. He asks Brook and Jonathan to escort him out and fix the mess. Xandrie arrives in front of him, pointing the gun in his face. Zack warns her that killing him won't change anything; she still won't convince everyone that she isn't crazy and that he's innocent. While outside with Brook still beating him up, Darren hears a gunshot from the inside, with everyone running out. Dizzy, he manages to go in, and sees Xandrie's dead body, who apparently committed suicide, unable to shoot Zack.
To ensure his reputation remains safe, Zack throws another party. Darren devises a plan with his friend, Shay O'Brien, and coerces him into making Zack insult his friends, and films it. Meanwhile, Darren convinces Simone to drug Zack's drink, to which she reluctantly agrees because of his threats. Darren screens his secret video at the party, so Brook and Jonathan hear Shay's conversation with Zack. Various televisions inside house open up, displaying live footage of two empty seats, much to everyone's confusion. Zack follows Darren (whom he sees as Xandrie) in the basement, but he falls unconscious. When he wakes, he is bound in one of the seats, with Darren pointing a gun at him. Everyone in the party watches this on the screens as it unfolds, and Darren requests the votes of all the students via text: which of them should be killed? He sits beside Zack in the second chair and waits as the students cast their votes. A robot devised by Darren automatically shoots the gun at one of them, depending on result of the vote. The gun eventually shoots.
We cut to a figure swimming in the pool at some kind of facility, eventually they emerge: Darren is alive.
Box office.
The world premiere of the film occurred at the 2010 Sydney Film Festival, on 13 June 2010, where it was the only Australian film entered. The film was also screened at the Toronto International Film Festival, the Pusan International Film Festival, the South by Southwest Film Festival and the Torino Film Festival.
The film had its theatrical release to cinema in Australian on 3 March 2011 and grossed $52,118 on its opening week in the Australia cinemas.

</doc>
<doc id="31196475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196475" title="Ole Tom Nord">
Ole Tom Nord

Ole Tom Nord (born 1940) is a Norwegian ski jumper. He was born in Konsmo. He competed at the Winter Olympics in 1960, where he placed 23rd. He became Norwegian champion in ski jumping in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="31196488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196488" title="Consulate-General of Indonesia, Vancouver">
Consulate-General of Indonesia, Vancouver

The Consulate-General of Indonesia in Vancouver is Indonesia's diplomatic mission in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
The building is situated at 1630 Alberni Street, Vancouver, British Columbia. The consulate provides consular services to Indonesians and foreigners in British Columbia, Alberta, Yukon and the Northwest Territories, and promotes Indonesia in Canada. The consulate includes a display of Indonesian arts and crafts including a Becak.
History.
Representation of Indonesia in Vancouver started with the appointing of Honorary Consuls since 1962. In 1982 a consulate was decided to be established. It was located in 1455 West Georgia Street. In 1993 it was upgraded to a Consulate-General and, subsequently, in 1998, the office moved its premises to its current location.
Current Consul General and Senior Staffs.
Bambang Hiendrasto was appointed as the Consul General in 2010 and still remains in office.

</doc>
<doc id="31196494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196494" title="Extended periodic table (large version)">
Extended periodic table (large version)

This is a version of the periodic table of the chemical elements. For the natural isotopic composition of each element it shows "name", "atomic number", "symbol", "atomic weight" (or relative atomic mass) and a link to the element's "isotopes". It also has, by keyed markings, a notification of "occurrence", "state of matter" and "metallic character". It is named extended because it shows elements that are theoretical only (in period 8 an 9), and large means that the table might exceed page width. The presentation is "wide" which means that there are no table parts separated (as is more common in print).
The current standard table contains 7 periods, culminating in ununoctium, which has atomic number 118. The layout of the table has been refined and extended over time, as new elements have been discovered, and new theoretical models have been developed to explain chemical behavior. If further elements with higher atomic numbers than this are discovered, they will be placed in additional periods, laid out (as with the existing periods) to illustrate periodically recurring trends in the properties of the elements concerned. Any additional periods are expected to contain a larger number of elements than the seventh period, as they are calculated to have an additional so-called g-block, containing 18 elements with partially filled g-orbitals in each period. An eight-period table containing this block was suggested by Glenn T. Seaborg in 1969.
It is not clear how many elements are physically possible, if period 8 is complete, or if there is a period 9.
Extended periodic table.
Chemical series information for elements past hassium (except copernicium), is hypothetical and based on periodic trends.
Superheavy elements may not exist, and may not follow the order of this table even if they do.
This periodic table is based on computer modelling of the positions of elements by B. Fricke.

</doc>
<doc id="31196530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196530" title="Aliso">
Aliso

Aliso is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original research on plant taxonomy and evolutionary botany with a worldwide scope, but with a particular focus on the floristics of the Western United States. "Aliso", first published in 1948, is the scientific journal of the Rancho Santa Ana Botanic Garden. The journal is named for the western sycamore, "Platanus racemosa", which was commonly called by its Spanish name "aliso".
It is noted as the journal where Robert F. Thorne first published the Thorne system of flowering plant classification in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="31196543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196543" title="2011 Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma season">
2011 Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma season

The 2011 season was Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma's twenty-third season in the K-League in South Korea. Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma was competing in K-League, League Cup and Korean FA Cup.
Match results.
K-League.
League Table.
1: Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma qualified for the group stage of the 2012 AFC Champions League as 2011 Korean FA Cup winners.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Statistics accurate as of match played 30 October 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31196564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196564" title="1985–86 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1985–86 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1985–86 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illiniois.
Regular season.
Junior college transfer Ken Norman highlighted the 1985-86 season as he set the school record for single-season field-goal percentage (.641).
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31196577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196577" title="Nuclear energy in Luxembourg">
Nuclear energy in Luxembourg

The 1970s energy crisis led Luxembourg to briefly consider constructing a nuclear power plant. In 1972 RWE and the government negotiated a project to build a 1,200 MW nuclear reactors along the Moselle river near Remerschen. In 1974 there were already signs that there was little support for the project among public opinion. The opposition to the project grew, and became more organized, ultimately forcing the government to cancel the project at the end of 1977.
Subsequently the construction of the large French Cattenom Nuclear Power Plant in 1979 close to the Luxembourg border caused tensions between the two countries.

</doc>
<doc id="31196595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196595" title="1973 Gwyn Staley 400">
1973 Gwyn Staley 400

The 1973 Gwyn Staley 400 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series racing event that took place at North Wilkesboro Speedway on April 8, 1973.
The race would take two hours and thirty-four minutes to resolve itself on a paved oval track spanning in the American community of North Wilkesboro, North Carolina. A single caution was given for nine laps. Sixteen thousand people watched Richard Petty defeat Benny Parsons by at least four laps. Parsons would briefly lead the race from lap 85 to lap 90 while Petty would dominate laps 11 to 84 (in addition to laps 91 to 400). A little known fact about this race was that Benny Parsons was the president of a Parent-Teacher Association (based out of an Ellerbe, North Carolina elementary school) and a NASCAR champion at the same time. Out of the drivers in the 30-car grid, 28 of them were American-born while two were Canadian (Vic Parsons and Yvon Duhamel - a French Canadian from Quebec). Rick Newsom would end up being the last-place finisher with an engine problem on lap 2.
Bobby Allison would qualify for the pole position with a speed of while the average race speed was .
Finishing order.
"* Driver failed to finish race"

</doc>
<doc id="31196599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196599" title="Al-Shoalah Club Stadium">
Al-Shoalah Club Stadium

Al-Shoalah Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Al-Kharj, Saudi Arabia. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Al-Shoalah of the Saudi Professional League. The stadium has a capacity of 8,000.

</doc>
<doc id="31196608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196608" title="Reggie Aqui">
Reggie Aqui

Reggie Aqui (born 1977) is an anchor and reporter for KGW Newschannel 8, the NBC affiliate in Portland, Oregon, joining the station in 2011. He previously worked as a reporter or anchor for television stations in several other large cities, including Milwaukee and Houston, and spent four years with CNN before moving to KGW.
Career.
Starting in 1998, Aqui worked as a reporter for WKYT-TV, in Lexington, Kentucky, and subsequently as a reporter or anchorman for WLUK-TV, in Green Bay, Wisconsin; WDJT-TV, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and KHOU-TV, in Houston, Texas. In 2007, Aqui began working for CNN, as an anchor for live online news reports. He was also a news anchor for CNN International. He came to KGW in 2011.
Early life and education.
Aqui was born in Hawaii. He graduated from Perry Hall High School (Baltimore, Maryland) in 1995. While a high school senior, he participated in a program for aspiring journalists, involving WBAL-AM and called the High School Correspondent Program. After high school, he attended the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University in Chicago, Illinois, earning a bachelor's degree. 

</doc>
<doc id="31196642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196642" title="Henry E. Chambers">
Henry E. Chambers

Henry Edward Chambers, Sr. (March 28, 1860 – March 8, 1929), was an educator and historian from New Orleans, Louisiana, known principally for his 1925 work, "History of Louisiana: Wilderness, Colony, Province, Territory, State, People", a principal source for much on the 19th and early 20th centuries.
Background.
Chambers was born to Captain Joseph Chambers and the former Maria Charles. His paternal grandfather was Anthony Chambers, who came from Ireland; his paternal grandmother was Nancy Palmer of Connecticut. Maria Charles was a daughter of Caleb and Sarah Charles of Lovell in Oxford County, Maine, and a descendat of John Charles, pioneer settler in 1636 of Charlestown, Massachusetts. Many of Chambers' descendants fought in the American Revolution. 
Chambers, a Presbyterian, graduated from Boys' Central High School and the Roman Catholic-affiliated Tulane University in New Orleans and years later obtained his Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland, which in 1876 became the first American institution to grant such credentials. U.S. President Woodrow Wilson received a Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins in history and the new field of political science. Chambers studied at Johns Hopkins under Wilson's instruction.
In 1883, Chambers married the former Ellen White Taylor of Crystal Springs in Copiah County in southwestern Mississippi. Her father was killed in the American Civil War in the 1863 Battle of Tebbs Bend near Franklin in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana. Their sons were John Taylor Chambers, a United States Army officer, who married Marion Monroe, the daughter of Frank Adair Monroe, the chief justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court, and Henry Edward Chambers, Jr., who wed the former Fanita McMillan of San Antonio, Texas, a descendant of pioneer Texas families.
Educational career.
Before he was eighteen, Chambers began teaching in rural schools in Louisiana from 1877 to 1881. Soon he was a job hopper, having in 1881–1882 undertaken the principalship of Mineral Springs High School in Mineral Springs in Howard County near Texarkana in southwestern Arkansas. The following academic year, he was principal of the male and female academies in Monticello in Drew County in southeastern Arkansas. He was superintendent of the Monticello graded schools from 1883 to 1884 and then the superintendent in Beaumont, Texas, from 1884 to 1885. Chambers returned to New Orleans to become principal of the McDonogh No. 12 School, having remained in that position from 1885 to 1887. Then he was a teacher at his "alma mater", Boys' Central High School in New Orleans from 1887 to 1890, 1896 to 1900, and 1902 to 1905. In the intervening years, he was assistant professor of science at Tulane University from 1890 to 1893. He spent the 1893–1894 year at Johns Hopkins and was principal of Monroe High School in Monroe in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, from 1894 to 1896. He was affiliated with Northwestern State University in Natchitoches, the normal school in Louisiana from 1900 to 1902.
During the Spanish-American War, the 38-year-old Chambers was a sergeant of the First Troop, Louisiana Cavalry, but the war ended after four months and before the Louisiana troops reached Cuba.
Chambers edited the publication "Progressive Teacher" from 1885 to 1889. From 1893–1894, he was the editor of "Louisiana School Review". For ten years, he was a director of the Louisiana State Chautauqua, a "summer camp" educational organization also promoted by John Keeny, a president of Louisiana Tech University in Ruston. In 1902, Chambers was the state Chautauqua president. Chambers was affiliated with the University Club, Louisiana Education Association, National Education Association, Louisiana Historical Society, Mississippi Valley Historical Association (now the Organization of American Historians), American Historical Association, and Sons of the American Revolution.
Later years.
Faced with potential deafness, Chambers in 1905 at the age of forty-five ended his long educational career. For the next seven years until 1912, he operated his Chambers Advertising Agency, Inc., in New Orleans. He was then affiliated with the Vallière Manufacturing Company from 1914 until his death, having been treasurer and vice president of that company.
Chambers' other varied works, often published by either G. P. Putnam or Johns Hopkins University Press included "Twenty Lessons in Bookkeeping" (1885), "A School History of the United States" (1887), "Questions in American History", "The Constitutional History of Hawaii" (1896), "West Florida and Its Relation to the Historical Cartography of the United States" (1898), and "Legend of the God Votan" (1906). Chambers also wrote short stories and essays. He was affiliated with the New Orleans Chess Club and once played the world champion, José Raúl Capablanca, when the latter visited New Orleans. Chambers died of a stroke in New Orleans at the age of sixty-eight.

</doc>
<doc id="31196657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196657" title="Nuclear energy in Slovakia">
Nuclear energy in Slovakia

Slovakia has four operational nuclear reactors, commissioned between 1984 and 1999. The net MWe is 1,711 and nuclear energy produces approximately 50% of the country’s electricity. Of Slovakia's seven reactors, the three oldest ones have shut down. However, the government is committed to nuclear power, and two more reactors have been under construction at Mochovce since 1985.
Prior to its accession to the European Union, Slovakia had to shut down two of its older reactors at Bohunice, because they did not meet European safety standards. Slovakia spent significant effort to achieve WANO standards, but the EU insisted on the shutdowns. The first plant closed 31 December 2006 and the second on the last day of 2008. The closure of these units, prior to the completion of two new reactors has left the country short on power and Slovakia became an energy importer after the first plant was shut down.
Within the EU, Slovakia is one of the pro-nuclear Visegrád_Group nations.
The two planned reactors at Mochovce are to be of capacity of MWe 405 each and completion dates of 2012 and 2013. Italian power company Enel, a majority shareholder of the Slovak power company, plans investment of €1.6 billion for completion of the Mochovce Nuclear Power Plant units 3 and 4 by 2011–2012. In January 2006 the Slovak government approved a new energy strategy incorporating these plans, with capacity uprates at Mochovce NPP units 1 and 2, and at Bohunice Nuclear Power Plant units 3 and 4.
Radioactive waste in Slovakia is disposed without reprocessing. The spent fuel stays at the reactor site; however, some spent fuel has been exported to Russia. Slovakia has also begun a search for a high-level waste repository and established a fund with approximately €775 million to build it.

</doc>
<doc id="31196667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196667" title="City of Play">
City of Play

City of Play is a 1929 British drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Chili Bouchier, Patrick Aherne and Lawson Butt. It was made by Gainsborough Pictures and produced by Michael Balcon. It was made partly in sound.

</doc>
<doc id="31196668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196668" title="Soft Kha">
Soft Kha

Soft Kha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31196689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196689" title="Liu Jianfeng">
Liu Jianfeng

Liu Jianfeng (劉建鋒) (d. 896), courtesy name Ruiduan (銳端), was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who controlled Wu'an Circuit (武安, headquartered in modern Changsha, Hunan) from 894 to his death in 896.
Background.
It is not known when Liu Jianfeng was born, but it is known that he was from Langshan (朗山, in modern Zhumadian, Henan). At some point, he became an officer at Zhongwu Circuit (忠武, headquartered in modern Xuchang, Henan) and was stationed at Cai Prefecture (蔡州, in modern Zhumadian), which Langshan belonged to, as part of the effort to resist the major agrarian rebel Huang Chao, serving alongside his Zhongwu Circuit colleague Sun Ru, and both served under Qin Zongquan the military governor of Fengguo Circuit (奉國, headquartered at Cai Prefecture). They continued to serve under Qin after Qin had rebelled against the rule of Emperor Xizong and declared himself emperor.
Service under Sun Ru.
In 886, Qin Zongquan put Sun Ru in command of an army to attack Tang's Heyang Circuit (河陽, headquartered in modern Luoyang, Henan); Sun prevailed over the acting military governor of Heyang, Zhuge Zhongfang (諸葛仲方), and took over the circuit. Despite the victory, Zhang Ji (張佶), who also served under Sun, secretly stated to Liu Jianfeng, "Lord Qin is harsh and paranoid, and will soon be destroyed. We have to find a way to avoid this fate ourselves." Liu, who saw the wisdom in Zhang's words, befriended him.
Sun subsequently withdrew from Heyang after Qin suffered a major defeat at the hands of Zhu Quanzhong the Tang military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan). Later in the year, Qin sent his brother Qin Zongheng (秦宗衡), with Sun as his deputy, to advance into Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), to contend for control of the circuit, which by that point had fallen into an internecine struggle between Qin Yan and Bi Shiduo on one side, and Yang Xingmi on the other. Liu, Zhang, and Ma Yin were all in this army commanded by Qin Zongheng. When they arrived at Huainan's capital Yang Prefecture (揚州), Yang Xingmi had captured it and forced Qin Yan and Bi to flee. Qin Yan and Bi then joined forces with Qin Zongheng as well. Soon thereafter, when Qin Zongquan, himself facing military pressure from Zhu, tried to recall Qin Zongheng's army, Sun assassinated Qin Zongheng and took over the army, thereafter executing Qin Yan and Bi. Sun soon defeated Yang Xingmi and took over Yang Prefecture, claiming the title of military governor of Huainan. (Yang subsequently took Ningguo Circuit (寧國, headquartered in modern Xuanzhou, Anhui and became its military governor.) In 889, Sun had Liu attack and capture Chang (常州, in modern Changzhou, Jiangsu) and Run (潤州, in modern Zhenjiang, Jiangsu) from Yang Xingmi's subordinate Tian Jun and Cheng Ji (成及), a subordinate of Qian Liu (who then controlled Hang Prefecture (杭州, in modern Hangzhou, Zhejiang), respectively. In 890, by which time Chang Prefecture had again been taken by Yang Xingmi and was defended by Yang Xingmi's subordinate Zhang Xingzhou (張行周), Liu again captured it and killed Zhang, and then put Su Prefecture (蘇州, in modern Suzhou, Jiangsu), then under the control of Yang Xingmi's subordinate Li You (李友), under siege. Sun subsequently captured Su Prefecture himself and killed Li.
In spring 891, Sun launched the initial phase of an ambitious plan to first destroy Yang Xingmi and then Zhu. He took all of the army available to him and headed for Xuanshe's capital Xuan Prefecture (宣州). Liu was part of Sun's army. Sun's army was initially victorious, and by spring 892 had put Xuan Prefecture under siege. However, Sun was unable to capture Xuan, and soon got bogged down, with Yang sending raiders to cut off his food supplies. Further, his army was soon troubled by torrential floods and illnesses, and Sun himself was suffering from malaria. He was forced to send Liu and Ma out to raid the nearby regions for food. Meanwhile, Yang, hearing that Sun was suffering from malaria, attacked. He crushed Sun's army and killed Sun. Most of Sun's soldiers surrendered to Yang. Liu and Ma took 7,000 soldiers and headed south, toward Zhennan Circuit (鎮南, headquartered in modern Nanchang, Jiangsi); the soldiers supported Liu as their leader, with Ma as his forward commander and Zhang Ji as his strategist. The army's size eventually ballooned to over 100,000.
Seizure of Wu'an Circuit.
Instead of attacking Zhennan Circuit, Liu Jianfeng's army continued to head southwest, toward Wu'an Circuit, which was then ruled by Deng Chuna. When Liu reached Liling (醴陵, in modern Zhuzhou, Hunan) in summer 894, Deng sent his subordinates Jiang Xun (蔣勛) and Deng Jichong (鄧繼崇) to defend Longhui Pass (龍回關, in modern Shaoyang, Hunan) against Liu's advance. Ma Yin advanced to the pass and sent a messenger to Jiang and Deng Jichong. The messenger persuaded Jiang and Deng Jichong that Liu's arrival was foretold by the stars and that their army would be unable to resist his. At the suggestion of the messenger, Jiang and Deng Jichong disbanded their army. Liu then had his soldiers put on the uniforms that Jiang's and Deng Jichong's army wore, and then quickly advanced to Wu'an's capital Tan Prefecture (in modern Changsha, Hunan). When they arrived there, the Tan Prefecture's defenders mistook them for Jiang's and Deng Jichong's army, and therefore took no precautions. Liu's army directly headed for the headquarters, where Deng Chuna was holding a feast. They captured Deng Chuna, and Liu executed him and claimed the title of acting military governor. In summer 895, then-reigning Emperor Zhaozong commissioned Liu as the military governor of Wu'an.
Death.
In winter 895, after Jiang Xun's request to be the prefect of Shao Prefecture (邵州, in modern Shaoyang) was rebuffed by Liu Jianfeng, he and Deng Jichong rose to oppose Liu. They quickly captured Shao Prefecture and tried to pressure Tan Prefecture. In spring 896, Liu sent Ma Yin to attack Jiang and Deng, and Ma had initial successes.
However, while this campaign was still going on, it was said that Liu had become arrogant and alcoholic after he took over the circuit. He also carried on an affair with the beautiful wife of his officer Chen Shan (陳赡). Chen, angry, used a hammer to assassinate Liu. The soldiers initially supported Zhang Ji to succeed Liu, but Zhang declined and eventually supported Ma.

</doc>
<doc id="31196729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196729" title="The Rolling Road">
The Rolling Road

The Rolling Road is a 1927 British drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Carlyle Blackwell, Flora le Breton, Clifford Heatherley and A.V. Bramble. A young woman in a Cornish fishing village has to choose between various suitors.

</doc>
<doc id="31196743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196743" title="Kate Moira Ryan">
Kate Moira Ryan

Kate Moira Ryan is an American playwright.
Among the plays Ryan has worked on are "Leaving Queens"; "The Beebo Brinker Chronicles", an adaptation of three books by Ann Bannon; "Caveweller"; and "Bass for Picasso".
Ryan was the co-writer of comedian Judy Gold's one-woman show, "25 Questions for a Jewish Mother". It is based on a series of interviews with more than 50 Jewish mothers in the United States. Their stories are interspersed with anecdotes about Gold's own mother and her life as a lesbian mother of two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="31196751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196751" title="Epidemiology of binge drinking">
Epidemiology of binge drinking

Binge drinking is more common in men than it is in women. Among students in the USA, approximately 50 percent of men and 39 percent of women binge drink.
Racial differences exist among binge drinking with Hispanics followed by white people having the highest level of binge drinking. Individuals of African descent have a lower level of binge drinking followed by those of Asian descent. In the case of Asians their low level of binge drinking may be due to the presence of the aldehyde dehydrogenase gene ("ALDH2", located on chromosome 12) in many (but by no means the vast majority) that results in poor metabolism of alcohol which leads to severe adverse effects such as facial flushing.
Men are more likely to binge drink (up to 81 percent of alcohol binges are done by men) than women and men are also more likely to develop alcohol dependence than women. People who are homozygous for the "ALDH2" gene are less likely to binge drink due to severe adverse effects which occur even with moderate amounts of alcohol consumption.
Asia.
Singapore.
According to the National Health Survey 2004 conducted by the Health Promotion Board Singapore, binge drinking is defined as consumption of five or more alcoholic drinks over a short period of time.
The survey results showed that the frequency of binge drinking was 15.6% in males, 11.9% higher than that for females (3.7%). The largest proportion of males and females who binge drink fall within the 18 – 29 age group.
In 2007, Asia Pacific Breweries Singapore (APBS) spearheaded Get Your Sexy Back (GYSB), Singapore’s first youth-for-youth initiative to promote responsible and moderate drinking among young adults. The programme seeks to widen awareness and educate individuals about responsible drinking behaviour by raising the social currency of moderation. The programme engages youths in events and activities that are close to their lifestyles, focusing on four major platforms – Music, Fashion, Sports and Friends to spread the message of responsible drinking.
Europe.
The drinking age in most countries is either 16 or 18, though in many countries national or regional regulations ban the consumption and/or the sale of alcoholic drinks stronger than beer or wine to those less than 18 years of age. Licensees may sometimes choose to provide beverages such as diluted wine or beer mixed with lemonade ("shandy" or" Lager Top") with a meal to encourage responsible consumption of alcohol. It is generally perceived that binge drinking is most prevalent in the Vodka Belt (most of Northern and some of Eastern Europe) and least common in the southern part of the continent, in Italy, France, Portugal and the Mediterranean (the Wine Belt). 
Using a "5-drink, 30-days" (5 standard drinks in a row during the last 30 days) definition, Denmark leads European binge drinking, with 60% of 15–16-year-olds reporting participating in this behavior (and 61% reporting intoxication). However, there currently appears to be at least some convergence of drinking patterns and styles between the northern and southern countries, with the south beginning to drink more like the north more so than the other way around.
Malta.
A notable exception to the lower rates of binge drinking in Southern Europe is the Mediterranean island of Malta, which has adopted the British culture of binge drinking, and where teenagers, often still in their early teens, are able to buy alcohol and drink it in the streets of the main club district, Paceville, due to a lack of police enforcement of the legal drinking age of 17. Statistics show that alcohol consumption in Malta exceeds that in the UK (but binge drinking is slightly lower and intoxication is significantly lower), and report that Malta ranks 5th in the world in common binge drinking. Maltese 15–16-year-olds report binge drinking at a rate of 50%, using a 5-drink, 30-day definition, but only 20% report intoxication in the past 30 days.
Spain.
Since the mid-1990s the botellón has been growing in popularity among young people. Botellón, which literally means "big bottle" in Spanish, is a drinking party or gathering that involves consuming alcohol, usually spirits (often mixed with soft drinks), in a public or semi-public place (beaches, parks, streets, etc.). This can be considered a case of binge drinking since most people that attend it consume three to five drinks in less than five hours. Among 15–16-year-olds, 23% report being intoxicated in the past 30 days.
Russia.
Binge drinking in Russia (""Zapoy"" (""Запой"") in Russian), often takes the form of two or more days of continuous drunkenness. Sometimes it can even last up to a week. One study found that among men ages 25–54, about 10% had at least one episode of "zapoy" in the past year, which can be taken as a sign that one has a drinking problem. 
Almost half of working-age men in Russia who die are killed by alcohol abuse, reducing Russia's male life expectancy significantly. Vodka is the preferred alcoholic beverage, and Russia is notably considered part of the Vodka Belt. Using a 5-day, past 30 days definition, 38% of Russian 15–16-year-olds have binged and 27% became intoxicated, a percentage that is on par with other European countries, and even lower than some.
United Kingdom.
In the UK, parallels have been drawn between binge drinking and the Gin Crisis of 18th century England. Some areas of the media are spending a great deal of time reporting on what they see as a social ill that is becoming more prevalent as time passes. In 2003, the cost of binge drinking was estimated as £20 billion a year. In response, the government has introduced measures to deter disorderly behavior and sales of alcohol to people under 18, with special provisions in place during the holiday season. In January 2005, it was reported that one million admissions to UK emergency department units each year are alcohol-related; in many cities, Friday and Saturday nights are by far the busiest periods for ambulance services.
The culture of drinking in the UK is markedly different from that of some other European nations. In mainland Europe, alcohol tends to be consumed more slowly over the course of an evening, often accompanied by a restaurant meal. In Scandinavia, occasional bouts of heavy drinking are the norm. In the UK (as well as Ireland), by contrast, alcohol is commonly consumed in rapid binges, leading to more regular instances of severe intoxication. In this way the British combine Northern European volumes of consumption with frequency resembling that of Southern Europe. This "drinking urgency" may have been inspired by traditional pre-midnight pub closing hours in the UK, whereas bars in continental Europe would typically remain open for the entire night. This may have stemmed from the Defence of the Realm Act 1914, emergency legislation dating back to the first world war regulating pub opening times with the intention of getting workers out of the pub and into the munitions factories. Consequently, it was criticised for being draconian and denying the working classes their pleasures. This is one of the reasons for introducing the Licensing Act 2003 which came into effect in England and Wales in 2005, and which allows 24 hour licensing (although not all bars have taken advantage of the change). Some observers, however, believed it would exacerbate the problem. 
As of 2008, results have been mixed and inconsistent across the country. Among young people (under 25), binge drinking (and drinking in general) in England appears to have declined since the late 1990s according to the National Health Service.
While being drunk (outside of a student context) in mainland Europe is widely viewed as being socially unacceptable, in the UK the reverse is true in many social circles. Particularly amongst young adults, there is often a certain degree of peer pressure to get drunk during a night out. This culture is increasingly becoming viewed by politicians and the media as a serious problem that ought to be tackled, partly due to health reasons, but mostly due to its association with violence and anti-social behaviour.
Using a 5-drink, 30-days definition, British 15–16-year-olds binge drink at a rate of 54%, the fourth highest in Europe, and 46% report intoxication in the past 30 days.
The British TV channel Granada produces a program called Booze Britain, which documents the binge drinking culture by following groups of young adults.
As a reaction to the binge drinking epidemic in Britain, several charities have been created to raise awareness of the dangers of binge drinking and promote responsible drinking. These charities notably include Alcohol Concern and Drinkaware.
The Americas.
Canada.
Canadian binge drinking rates are comparable to the United States, and resemble most the geographically similar states that border on it. For example, 29% of 15–19-year-olds (35% male, 22% female) and 37% of 20–24-year-olds (47% male, 17.9% female) report having 5 or more drinks on one occasion, 12 or more times a year in 2000–01.
In university, binge drinking is especially common during the first week of orientation, commonly known as "frosh week." The first ever known study comparing the drinking patterns of Canadian and American college students under age 25 (in 1998 and 1999, respectively) found that although Canadian students were more likely to drink, American students drank more heavily overall. 
"Heavy alcohol use" was defined as "usually" having 5/4 drinks or more on the days that the person drinks in the past 30 days (American) or 2–3 months (Canadian). Among past year drinkers, 41% and 35% of American and Canadian students, respectively, reported participated in this behavior. Among the total sample, it was 33% and 30%, respectively. Differences included the lack of a gender gap in Canada compared with America, as well some as age-related differences. Canadians exceeded Americans in reported heavy alcohol use until age 19 (especially among the 1% percentage of students under 18), at which point Americans overtook and then began to exceed Canadians, especially among 21–22-year-olds. After age 23, there was no longer much of a difference. In Canada, the legal drinking age is 18 or 19, depending on the province.
A relatively popular drinking game among the Canadian skateboarders and heavy metal culture is "wizard sticks", in which drinkers tape a stack of their empty beer cans to the can from which they are currently drinking. The name comes from the fact that when the stack gets tall enough, it resembles a wizard's staff.
United States.
Despite having a legal drinking age of 21, binge drinking in the United States remains very prevalent among high school and college students. Using the popular 5/4 definition of "binge drinking", one study found that, in 1999, 44% of American college students (51% male, 40% female) engaged in this practice at least once in the past two weeks. 
One can also look at the prevalence of "extreme drinking" as well. A more recent study of US first-semester college freshmen in 2003 found that, while 41% of males and 34% of females "binged" (using the 5/4 threshold) at least once in the past two weeks, 20% of males and 8% of females drank 10/8 or more drinks (double the 5/4 threshold) at least once in the same period, and 8% of males and 2% of females drank at least 15/12 drinks (triple the threshold). 
A main concern of binge drinking on college campuses is how the negative consequences of binge drinking affect the students. A study done by the Harvard School of Public Health reported that students who engage in binge drinking experience numerous problems such as: missing class, engaging in unplanned or unsafe sexual activity, being victims of sexual assault, unintentional injuries, and physical ailments. In 2008 the U.S Surgeon General estimated that around 5,000 Americans aged under 21 die each year from alcohol-related injuries involving underage drinking. Rates of binge drinking in women have been increased; high risk drinking puts these women at increased risk of the negative long-term effects of alcohol.
The population of people who binge drink mainly comprises young adults aged 18–29, although it is by no means rare among older adults. For example, in 2007 (using a 5-drinks definition per occasion for both genders), 42% of 18–25-year-olds "binged" at least once a month, while 20% of 16–17-year-olds and 19% of those over age 35 did so. The peak age is 21. Prevalence varies widely by region, with the highest rates being in the North Central states. 
The annual Monitoring the Future survey found that, in 2007, 10% of 8th graders, 22% of 10th graders, and 26% of 12th graders report having had five or more drinks at least once in the past two weeks. The same survey also found that alcohol was considered somewhat "easier" to obtain than cigarettes for 8th and 10th graders, even though the minimum age to purchase alcohol is 21 in all 50 states, while for cigarettes it is 18.
The following table represents the percentage of those age 12-20 who illegally binge drink in the United States. 
American Indians and First Nations.
Binge drinking is a common pattern among Native Americans in both Canada and the United States. Anastasia M. Shkilnyk who conducted an observational study of the Asubpeeschoseewagong First Nation of Northwestern Ontario in the late 1970s when they were demoralized by Ontario Minamata disease has observed that heavy Native American drinkers may not be physiologically dependent on alcohol, but abuse it by engaging in binge drinking, a practice associated with child neglect, violence, and impoverishment. After binges during which entire families and their friends drink until they are unconscious and their funds are exhausted, they go about their business without drinking.
Oceania.
Australia.
In 2004–2005, statistics from the National Health Survey show that among the general population over 18; 88% of males and 60% of females engaged in binge drinking at least once in the past year, with 12% and 4%, respectively, doing so at least once a week. Among 18- to 24-year-olds, 49% of males and 21% of females did so at least once a week. At the time, the definition for "binge drinking" corresponded to 7 or more standard Australian drinks per occasion for males and 5 or more for females, roughly equivalent to (but slightly less than) the 5/4 (standard American) drinks definition.
In March 2008, the Australian government earmarked A$53 million towards a campaign against binge drinking, citing two studies done in the past eight years which showed that binge drinking in Australia was at what Prime Minister Kevin Rudd called "epidemic levels". On June 15, the Australian Medical Association released new guidelines defining binge drinking as four standard Australian drinks a night.
The last survey of drinking habits by the Australian Bureau of Statistics found there was an increase in drinking outside the home. In 1999, 34 percent of spending on alcoholic drinks took place on licensed premises. By 2004 this figure had risen to 38 percent. This figure is expected to fall in 2008 in Australia because of stricter licensing laws, smoking bans in pubs and the extra premium people have to pay for buying alcohol in a bar.
New Zealand.
Concerns over binge drinking by teenagers has led to a review of liquor advertising being announced by the New Zealand government in January 2006. The review considered regulation of sport sponsorship by liquor companies, which at present is commonplace. Previously the drinking age in New Zealand was 20, then dropped to 18 in 1999. 
In direct conjunction with the age-lowering, the Police were found to strictly enforce the on-license (bar, restaurant) code for underage-drinking, less so for the off-licences (liquor stores, supermarkets). As a result, young people ages 15–17 found it significantly "harder" to get into (or be served at) bars and restaurants than it was before with a poorly enforced (though higher) drinking age of 20. This asymmetric enforcement led to a period of many of New Zealand's youth getting strangers to purchase high alcohol content beverages for them (e.g. cheap vodka or rum) at liquor stores. 
A propensity to consume an entire bottle of spirits developed and led to an instant increase in the amount of youths under 18 being admitted to A&E hospitals. The price of alcohol at supermarkets and liquor stores had also gone down, and the number of outlets had mushroomed as well. Alcohol remains cheap, and sweet, spirit-based ready to drink beverages (similar to alcopops) remain popular among young people.
An example of this binge drinking mentality, often seen amongst university students, is the popularity of drinking games such as Edward Wineyhands and Scrumpy Hands, similar to the American drinking game Edward Fortyhands. A recent study showed that 37% of undergraduates binged at least once in the past week. The New Zealand health service classifies Binge Drinking as anytime a person consumes 5 or more standard drinks in a sitting.

</doc>
<doc id="31196753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196753" title="Steven Gluzband">
Steven Gluzband

Steven Alan Gluzband (born July 27, 1952, Boston) is an American latin jazz trumpeter based in New York City.
Biography.
Steve Gluzband was born in Roxbury, Massachusetts to Frank and Rita Gluzband. His father’s family had emigrated from Havana, Cuba whereas his mother’s family had been in Boston since the 1880s.
At age twelve, Gluzband began playing the accordion and was soon earning money as a solo act, but switched to trumpet at age 14 due to his growing interest in jazz.
Gluzband graduated from the prestigious Boston Latin School and received a Bachelor’s degree from Boston’s Berklee School of Music, where he studied with swing trumpet legend Lennie Johnson (Duke Ellington, Count Basie, Quincy Jones). While attending Berklee, Gluzband performed and toured the east coast with various show bands, but upon seeing a performance of Celia Cruz and Johnny Pacheco in 1975, Gluzband realized it was only a matter of time before he would move to New York City with the intention of playing and recording with the various bands signed with Fania Records.
Gluzband also studied Private Composition with George Russell and Jazz Improvisation with Jaki Byard.
Career.
Recordings and concerts.
Shortly after arriving in New York in 1979, Gluzband joined the popular salsa band “Saoco”. During the next few years he played numerous gigs with latin superstars Tito Puente, Mongo Santamaría, Héctor Lavoe, Machito, Celia Cruz, Sonora Matancera, Orlando Contreras, Vicentico Valdez, Ray de la Paz, Larry Harlow, the Alegre All Stars and recorded 18 albums with the famous Haitian recording group Mini All-Stars.
During this period, Gluzband studied privately with Dr. Donald S. Reihnardt in Philadelphia, Pa.
Steven became a member of the Ray Barretto Orchestra, where he remained for 20 years, recording three albums with Ray for Fania. While a member of Barretto's group, Gluzband toured Europe, North, South and Latin America dozens of times, appearing at the North Sea Festival and at Montreux Jazz Festival as well as major jazz venues throughout Europe and the Americas.
During his tenure with Barretto, Gluzband appeared on over 250 recordings, including the Grammy-winning "Ritmo en el Corazon" (Barretto-Celia Cruz, 1988) and "Naked" (Talking Heads, 1988).
In the mid 1990s, Gluzband was an integral part of the short-lived swing revival, touring with Jet Set Six, and playing with Dem Brooklyn Bums, the Blues Jumpers and Dave's True Story.
At the close of the century, Gluzband became a member of the Jimmy Bosch band. The band performed “Salsa Vivaldi” with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the Denver Symphony in which Gluzband was a featured trumpet soloist.
During this period Gluzband appeared with Marc Anthony and Paul Simon several times at Madison Square Garden.
Film and television.
In the first decade of the 21st century, Gluzband was heard on MTV's "Road Rules" and was staff trumpeter for Nickelodeon’s "Blue's Clues". In addition Steven’s trumpet solos were featured in the films "Mad Hot Ballroom" (2005) and "Happy Accidents" (2000).
Present.
Gluzband has been a member of Johnny Pacheco's band since 2006 and currently leads his own latin-jazz ensemble “Hot House”, whose debut 2008 release, “Cuban Tribute to Charlie Parker” was included in five categories in the Grammy awards.
Gluzband is currently teaching at P.S. 53 in the Bronx, where Gigi Gryce taught from 1963 to 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31196763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196763" title="Vermont Route 106">
Vermont Route 106

Vermont Route 106 is a long state highway in Windsor County, Vermont, United States. The route begins at an intersection with VT 11 in the town of Springfield and runs along the Black River for several miles, crossing through Weathersfield, Reading and Woodstock before reaching the village of Woodstock, where it ends at a junction with US 4.
Route description.
VT 106 begins at a forked intersection with VT 11 (River Street / Chester Road) in the town of Springfield. VT 106 proceeds northwest as River Street, running along the shores of the Black River, past St. Mary's Oakland Cemetery as a two-lane commercial road. Crossing through an industrial section of Springfield, the route crosses over the Black River, which turns to the northeast near Main Street NS. After crossing the Black River, the River Street moniker is dropped, and the route turns west just south of Hartness State Airport. At the end of the western turn, VT 106 turns north while its former right-of-way becomes VT 10, which begins at the intersection. VT 106 continues north through Springfield, passing multiple residences on both sides and reaching a junction with Airport Road, which connects back to Hartness State.
VT 106 crosses into Weathersfield, continuing north past multiple residences and soon reaching the village of Perkinsville. In Perkinsville, VT 106 becomes the main north–south thoroughfare, passing multiple residences before crossing over the Black River once again. Paralleling the river, VT 106 makes a gradual bend north out of downtown Perkinsville, running north into the village of Downers, where it intersects with VT 131. Continuing north, VT 106 parallels the North Branch of the Black River, bending to the northwest through Weathersfield into the village of Greenbush, which consists of a junction with Ascutney Basin Road. Continuing along the branch, the route crosses into the town of Cavendish and soon into Reading.
Now in Reading, VT 106 bends north into the village of Felchville, where it runs as the main north–south road, passing homes in both directions and an intersection with Tyson Road. Leaving Felchville, VT 106 bends northeast, reaching a junction with the western terminus of VT 44. After VT 44, VT 106 bends northwest again, crossing through dense woods through the town of Reading, reaching the village of Hammondsville, which consists of a few homes at a junction with Baileys Mills Road. VT 106 winds northward out of Hammondsville and passes through multiple woods on its way climbing through some hills. Soon gaining the moniker of South Road, the route reaches the town of Woodstock. VT 106 turns northeast through Woodstock, entering the rural sections of Windsor County. 
At Morgan Hill Road, VT 106 turns northward and enters the village of South Woodstock. South Woodstock consists of homes on both sides of the road, while VT 106 turns eastward again, leaving the village and turning northeast near Bryant Road. VT 106 begins turning northward once again, remaining a residential road through Woodstock, passing the western border of Woodstock Country Club, which marks the entrance into downtown Woodstock. At the north end of the country club, VT 106 turns northwest, passing multiple businesses and homes before reaching a junction with US 4 (South Park Street) in the center of Woodstock. This junction marks the northern terminus of VT 106, whose right-of-way ends at the intersection.

</doc>
<doc id="31196774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196774" title="Nuclear energy in the Republic of Ireland">
Nuclear energy in the Republic of Ireland

Ireland currently has no nuclear power plants.
However, a nuclear power plant was proposed in 1968, and resulted in the creation of the Nuclear Energy Board. It was to be built during the 1970s at Carnsore Point in County Wexford by the Electricity Supply Board. The plan envisioned four plants to be built at the site, but was dropped in 1981 after strong opposition from environmentalist groups and because of flattening energy demand, and Ireland has remained without nuclear power.
In April 2006, a government-commissioned report by Forfás pointed to the need for Ireland to reconsider nuclear power in order "to secure its long-run energy security". Relatively small-scale nuclear plants were envisaged. In 2007, Ireland's Electricity Supply Board made it known that it would consider a joint venture with a major EU energy company to build nuclear capacity.
Following the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster, "The Economist" has reported that Ireland is "strongly anti-nuclear".
Upon the completion of the East-West Interconnector in 2012, a submarine cable that connects County Dublin with Wales, Ireland has been supported with electricity from the generation of the Welsh Wylfa nuclear power station.

</doc>
<doc id="31196785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196785" title="Nuclear energy in Malta">
Nuclear energy in Malta

Malta has no nuclear energy facilities and when Silvio Berlusconi suggested that the island nation build such plants to supply Italy with electricity, the suggestion created an outcry in Malta where opinion is strongly anti-nuclear.

</doc>
<doc id="31196800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196800" title="La villanella rapita">
La villanella rapita

La villanella rapita ("The Abducted Country Girl") is an "opera giocosa" in two acts by Francesco Bianchi. The libretto was by Giovanni Bertati.
Performance history.
The opera was first performed at the Teatro San Moisè in Venice in the autumn of 1783. It was then given at the Eszterháza Theater in Süttör on 29 August 1784. It was also produced at the Little Haymarket Theatre in London under Vincenzo Federici on 27 February 1790.
A pasticcio with the same title, with some music by Bianchi as well as Paisiello, Guglielmi, Giacomo Gotifredo Ferrari, Sarti and Soler was performed at Théâtre Feydeau in Paris on 5 June 1789.
Mozart additions.
Mozart contributed a vocal quartet, 'Dite almeno in che mancai?' K479, and a vocal terzet, 'Mandina amabile' K480, for a performance at the Burgtheater in Vienna on 1785. (The former work was first heard in public on 5 November, and the latter on 28 November.) The singers involved were Vincenzo Calvesi (Count), Celeste Coltellini (Mandina), Stefano Mandini (Pippo), and Francesco Bussani (Biaggio), the last named in K479 only.
Synopsis.
The count takes a liking to a young bride, Mandina, at her pre-wedding banquet, lures her away from her bridegroom, Pippo, and then abducts her in a drugged state back to his palace. Mandina, after a little experience of upper-class luxuries, eventually establishes her innocence and marries Pippo after all. 

</doc>
<doc id="31196801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196801" title="Call to Arms (Saxon album)">
Call to Arms (Saxon album)

Call To Arms is the 19th studio album by British heavy metal band Saxon. Call to Arms was released 3 June in Europe; 6 June in Denmark, Finland, and the UK; 8 June in Greece and Poland; 10 June in France. Previously, it was due to be released on 23 May 2011. The album was released on 27 September in North America by EMI. Current Deep Purple keyboardist Don Airey made a guest appearance on the album.
Background and production.
Saxon frontman Biff Byford stated that the band wanted to "get back to roots," and aimed for a "more working-class sound" with the album.
While recording the album in February 2011, the band posted a message to its fans, calling on them to visit the band at the studio on the evening of 10 February. The reason for the appeal was that the band needed a chorus for the track "Back in '79", and decided to offer its fans the chance to be a part of the recording.
Saxon were originally supposed to appear at the Soundwave festival in Australia, but were forced to cancel their appearance due to delays during recording. The band also issued a statement apologizing to fans for the cancellation.
Two of the tracks on the album were written by Saxon for the movie "Hybrid Theory".
The album artwork is derived from Lord Kitchener Wants You, a World War I-era British Army recruitment poster.
Release and promotion.
"Call to Arms" debuted at number 6 on the UK Rock Albums chart. In the US, the album sold about 700 copies in its first week of release and managed to debut at number 51 on the US "Heatseekers" chart.
A digipack version of the album for the North American market featured a seven track bonus disc containing most of Saxon's performance at Castle Donington in 1980.
To promote the album, Saxon have embarked on the "Call to Arms World Tour". The band headlined shows in Europe, North and South America, and Japan. Anvil and Crimes of Passion opened for Saxon in Europe, while the North American shows were opened by Borealis. HammerFall appeared as special guests at the UK shows, while Vanderbuys were presented as special guests at shows in Spain.
"Hammer of the Gods" was released as a single to promote "Call to Arms" on 18 March 2011. In addition two music videos were made ("Hammer of the Gods" and the title track.) to promote the album.
Reception.
"Call to Arms" has received mostly positive reviews from critics. Allmusic rated the album as 3.5/5 stars. Reviewer Eduardo Rivadavia commented that the band seems to have "stripped down" their sound. Rivadavia stated that "Surviving Against the Odds", "Chasing the Bullet" and "Ballad of the Working Man" were "refreshingly raw and direct". He also compared "Hammer of the Gods" and "Afterburner" to proto-thrash. Rivadavia ultimately said that "Call to Arms" can be seen as an "aesthetic cousin" to "Denim and Leather" from 1981.
Music news website Blabbermouth.net, posted a favorable review for the album. Reviewing the North American digipack edition, reviewer Scott Alisoglu called the album "highly recommended" and said that the album would not disappoint any Saxon fan. He further described the album's title track as "epic" and called the 7-track bonus live CD "a high value bonus".
Reviewer Andy Lye, on behalf of Jukebox: Metal, gave the album 3 out of 5 stars. He opined that Saxon sound like "a band out of ideas" on the album, but at the same time he praised the album's last three tracks, "No Rest for the Wicked," "Ballad for the Working Man" and the orchestral version of the title track.
"Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles" reviewer Mark Gromen commended that "Call to Arms" "isn't much of a metal record" but rather ", bluesy hard rock" instead. Gromen compared the album's opening track, "Hammer of the Gods", to "Dogs of War" form the 1995 album of the same name. He also compared Don Airey's keyboard parts on "When Doomsday Comes" to the patterns used on Deep Purple's 1984 album "Perfect Strangers". Gromen ultimately rated the album at 7.5 out of 10.
Track listing.
All songs written by Saxon.

</doc>
<doc id="31196802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196802" title="Ray LaRose">
Ray LaRose

Raymond LaRose (born November 20, 1941) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played parts of two seasons in the World Hockey Association (WHA) for the Houston Aeros and New York Golden Blades/Jersey Knights.

</doc>
<doc id="31196826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196826" title="Reporting of child pornography images on Wikimedia Commons">
Reporting of child pornography images on Wikimedia Commons

On April 7, 2010, Larry Sanger, co-founder of Wikipedia, sent a letter to the FBI stating that Wikimedia Commons was hosting child pornography under Title 18 of the United States Code. His accusations focused on images in the and categories, the latter of which contains explicit by French artist Martin van Maele (1863–1926).
Shortly after Sanger posted the letter in public, criticism came in from multiple sources. This ranged from assertions that he had mislabeled lolicon as child pornography to the contention that his actions were an attack on the Wikimedia Foundation, caused by his history with Wikipedia and his own competing encyclopedia, Citizendium. Sanger denied that the letter was an attempt to undermine Wikipedia, but did confirm it was an attempt to force a policy change for labeling or eliminating "adult" content on Wikipedia.
Things escalated when Fox News began reporting on the issue. In response Jimmy Wales, co-founder of Wikipedia, and other administrators began deleting images en masse, with Fox News reporting that a new policy change was underway. Days later Wales voluntarily relinquished his administrative powers under heavy criticism. Fox News also received criticism for its handling of the reporting, especially for misrepresenting the situation regarding the self removal of administrative powers by Wales as leaving the Foundation without clear leadership.
Reporting.
On April 7, 2010, Larry Sanger sent a letter to the FBI, United States Senators, and Representatives saying that Wikimedia Commons hosted child pornography in the lolicon and pedophilia categories. He later acknowledged that the term "child pornography" may have been misleading because to many people it denotes images of real children and said that with the benefit of hindsight, he would have used the phrase "depictions of child sexual abuse" instead. According to section 1466A(2)(A) of Title 18 of the United States Code, "obscene visual representations of the sexual abuse of children" can be "a visual depiction of any kind, including a drawing, cartoon, sculpture, or painting", and anyone who "knowingly produces, distributes, receives, or possesses with intent to distribute, a visual depiction" of this kind is subject to legal penalties. Section 1466 specifically states, "It is not a required element of any offense under this section that the minor depicted actually exist."
Media in the Wikimedia Commons pedophilia category include by French illustrator Martin van Maele. Sanger's opinion was that the content violated section 1466A(2)(A), although the Wikimedia Foundation might argue that the media were exempted per section 1466A(2)(B), which refers to image that have "serious literal, artistic, political, or scientific value". Sanger referred to an online discussion between educational technologists reporting that filtering software was not picking up the images, making them accessible to children in schools, and stated that this discussion was what first made him aware of the issue. Sanger said that he felt both morally and legally obligated to report the presence of these media, because the statutes implied that once aware of such content, one had to do so or risk prosecution oneself.
Wikimedia's responses.
Mike Godwin, general counsel for the Wikimedia Foundation, dismissed Sanger's claims. Godwin said that Sanger committed a typical layman's error in trying to invoke statutory law without adequate research, confusing several sections of Title 18. Section 1466A, the section invoked by Sanger, does not deal with child pornography, but with obscenity, while child pornography is addressed in section 2252. Godwin further defended the Foundation by citing "Miller v. California" which, according to "The Register", emphasizes "the importance of community standards in defining what qualifies as obscenity". He also pointed out that the Foundation's projects are created by web users, and cited section 230 of the Communications Decency Act – something he notes U.S. Federal obscenity and child-pornography statutes make a similar exception for.
Wikipedian spokesman Jay Walsh said that the Foundation does not harbor illegal material and any such material uploaded by volunteers would be removed.
Sanger's response.
Sanger, a self ascribed libertarian and moralist, stood by his actions and said, "pretending that it's just obvious, even for libertarians, that we have a right to publish such depictions is simply wrong, in my opinion". He told "The Register", "If I n't report this – and it's been up for years, apparently – who will? As the co-founder of the project, I believe I have a special personal obligation to rein in egregious wrongdoing when I see it. Or at least try. It bothers me that something I helped start has come to this."
After the report, several allegations were made against Sanger and picked up by sites such as "Slashdot": that this was an attempt to destroy the Wikimedia Foundation; that there was a conflict of interest in his reporting; and that he listed his own websites in the letter, among others. In response to his actions being seen as an attempt by him to destroy the Wikimedia Foundation Sanger commented that this was not true, although he hoped that by making things public the Foundation could be forcibly persuaded to eliminate or label content as "adult", so that filtering software would pick it up and more schools would allow Wikipedia. On the allegations that the reporting was a conflict of interest Sanger comments that, while he once worked for Wikipedia and was currently running a site in competing against it, the reporting probably did more harm to his personal career. He also contends that he was required by law to make the report, although the manner in which he chose to do so was not.
Sanger also responded to one specific comment on Slashdot, In his response Sanger said he found the response chilling and disparaged the community for rating the comment as "Score: 5, Interesting". Sanger goes on to criticize the industry by stating,
Image purge.
On May 7, 2010, after Fox News had begun informing and putting pressure on dozens of companies that donate to the Wikimedia Foundation, they reported that the Wikimedia Foundation had begun purging its websites of thousands of pornographic images after co-founder of the Wikimedia Foundation Jimmy Wales had been contacted by several of those donors. Fox News also reported that, according to Wales, this was in preparation for a new policy regarding sexually explicit content. However, Wales later denied the shake-up and that the reporter had ever contacted him.
The purge led to infighting throughout the entire Wikimedia community. Contributors complained that the deletions were "undemocratic and taken too quickly" and could result in images with legitimate educational value being accidentally deleted. Fox News claimed that the situation quickly "devolved into an all-out war pitting board members against board members, and with top leadership sparring with lower level administrators." However, the Wikimedia Foundation responded that, while discussions had become intense, it was a normal part of the process.
On May 9, 2010, Jimmy Wales gave up some site privileges in response to protests by contributors who were angered over his deletion of images without consultation. He can no longer delete files, remove administrators, assign projects or edit protected content; however, he is still able to edit as a regular user. Wales had previously asked that such images be removed. Some of the images he and other administrators deleted were restored as they were deemed to have educational value. His stepping down was picked up by various media when Fox News quoted a source as saying that Wales' voluntary redaction of his administrative powers created "chaos" with no one clearly in charge. The Foundation later denied those claims and posted a response on their blog about co-founder Wales' role in the Wikimedia Foundation. They clarified Wales' position as Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Trustees, noting that there were other executives with higher authority. 
Sanger's relations with Wikimedia.
Sanger is one of the co-founders of the Wikipedia, but resigned on March 1, 2002. In September 2006 he founded Citizendium, a competitor to Wikipedia. While Sanger has gone on the record that this was not an attack on Wikipedia, nor a way to boost readership of his own free web-based collaborative encyclopedia, there is a significant level of skepticism that Sanger acted without malice. Sanger has had an antagonistic history against Wikipedia since leaving, including criticism of Wikipedia co-founder Wales, and of the Wikipedia community: "The [...] community had essentially been taken over by trolls to a great extent. That was a real problem, and Jimmy Wales absolutely refused to do anything about it."
Criticism of Fox News coverage.
Fox News was criticized for its handling of their reporting. "The Guardian" reported Mike Godwin criticized them, stating that Fox's releases were "part of its 'self-congratulatory anti-porn-on-the-Internet campaign'." Techdirt also criticized them for their lack of transparency, stating, "While Fox of course plays up Sanger's Wikipedia credentials, they leave out the fact that he has been working on a failed competitor for years (they mention the company name, but not that it's a competitor). They also leave out much of the animosity between Sanger and Wikipedia." Fox News also improperly reported that Wales had a higher position in the Wikimedia Foundation and that his leaving caused a power vacuum. Wales said that the Fox News reporter, Jana Winter, who wrote the article on the alleged stepping down had never contacted him before publishing the article.

</doc>
<doc id="31196831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196831" title="Hugh Smithwick">
Hugh Smithwick

Hugh Smithwick (July 6, 1918 – December 4, 1990) was an American football player and coach in the United States. He was the head college football coach for the Portland State Vikings located in Portland, Oregon. He held that position for three seasons, from 1959 until 1961. His coaching record at Portland State was six wins, seventeen losses and two ties. As of the conclusion of the 2010 season, this ranks him ninth at Portland State in total wins and tenth in winning percentage ().

</doc>
<doc id="31196868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196868" title="Nuclear energy in the Netherlands">
Nuclear energy in the Netherlands

Researchers in the Netherlands began studying nuclear energy in the 1930s and began construction of research reactor Dodewaard in 1955. Researchers’ goal was to introduce nuclear power technology by 1962 and replace fossil fuels. In 1968, a test nuclear reactor was attached to the power grid. This unit was shut down in 1997.
In the 1970s, the Dutch chose a policy that required reprocessing all spent nuclear fuel. In 1984, the government decided to create a long-term (100 years) storage facility for all intermediate and low-level radioactive waste and research strategies for ultimate disposal. In September 2003, the Central Organization for Radioactive Waste created an interim storage facility for high-level waste.
The Netherlands' only commercial nuclear reactor is Borssele, which became operational in 1973 and produces about 4% of the country’s electricity. The older Dodewaard nuclear power plant was a test reactor that later got attached to the national grid but was closed in 1997.
A 2MW research reactor is located in Delft, as part of the physics department of Delft University of Technology.
This reactor is not meant for energy provision, but used as neutron- and positron-source for research. 
In 1994, the Netherlands' parliament voted to phase out nuclear power after a discussion of nuclear waste management. In 1997, the power station at Dodewaard was shut down and the government decided it was planning to end Borssele's operating license in 2003. But in 2003, with a new government in power, the shutdown was postponed to 2013. In 2006 the government decided that Borssele would remain open until 2034, if it complied with the highest safety standards. The owners, Essent and Delta, will invest 500 million euro in sustainable energy, together with the government—money which the government claims otherwise should have been paid to the plants' owners as compensation.
After the 2010 election, the new government was open to expanding nuclear power. Both of the companies that share ownership of Borssele are proposing to build new reactors.
In January 2012, Delta announced it postpones any decision to start building a second nuclear power plant.

</doc>
<doc id="31196912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196912" title="Batwara">
Batwara

Batwara is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by J.P. Dutta. The film stars Dharmendra, Vinod Khanna, Dimple Kapadia, Amrita Singh, Poonam Dhillon, Shammi Kapoor, Mohsin Khan and Amrish Puri.

</doc>
<doc id="31196913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196913" title="Nuclear energy in Norway">
Nuclear energy in Norway

No nuclear power plant has ever been established in Norway; however, the country has a legal framework for licensing the construction and operation of nuclear installations. Also, four research reactors have been built in Norway, the first was JEEP I which was operative from 1951 to 1966. Two research reactors are currently operative, the Halden Reactor and JEEP II at Kjeller. There has been discussions about the possible usage of nuclear energy, which is supported by some industry leaders. Statkraft together with Vattenfall, Fortum and the energy investment company Scatec announced plans to investigate building of a thorium-fueled power plant in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31196925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196925" title="Claude Arnulphy">
Claude Arnulphy

Claude Arnulphy (1697 - 22 June 1786), also spelt Arnulphi, was a French painter, chiefly of portraits, based at Aix-en-Provence in the south of France.
Early life.
Arnulphy is claimed to have been born either at Grenoble or at Lyons, but Aix is also a possibility. He was the son of Charles Arnulphy, a painter at Paris, although originally from the County of Nice in the Italian Duchy of Savoy, by his father's marriage to Madeleine Prongey, and he spent his childhood years in the French capital city. He first trained as a painter in his father's studio, then went to Rome to study under Benedetto Luti (1666–1724), becoming principally a portrait artist.
Career.
Arnulphy established himself in the city of Aix in about 1722, where he enjoyed a long artistic career and where many of his works survive. He was the master of Jean-François Pierre Peyron, and Antoine Gibelin (1739–1813), another native of Aix, also began to study art under Arnulphy.
His work has been compared with that of Hyacinthe Rigaud (1659–1743) and Nicolas de Largillière (1656–1746).
His portrait of Thomas Mathews "(pictured)" is one of four surviving portraits he painted of officers of a Royal Navy fleet lying off Toulon between 1742 and 1744. Three of these are now in the National Maritime Museum at Greenwich. 
In February 1732, Arnulphy married Marguerite Aubaye, and they had ten children, of whom seven were sons. However, only one child, according to different sources a son named Joseph or François Arnulphy (died 1825) survived childhood. 
In 1765, as the result of the Will of Honoré Armand de Villars, a new drawing school was established which became known as the "École de dessin d'Aix-en-Provence", with the painter Charles Marcel Aune as its first principal and Arnulphy as his deputy. In 1785, Aune resigned the headship of the school to travel to North America, and Arnulphy took over from him. However, being by then aged no less than eighty-eight, he chose a successor in the shape of a much younger man, Jean-Antoine Constantin.
Arnulphy also held a variety of public offices in Aix, including those of syndic and treasurer. He died on 22 June 1786 and was buried the next day in the Récollets cemetery at Aix. Constantin duly succeeded him at the "école de dessin".

</doc>
<doc id="31196971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196971" title="Nuclear energy in Poland">
Nuclear energy in Poland

In the 1980s, Poland had four Soviet VVER-440 reactors under construction, but the project was canceled in 1990. The basis of cancellation of Żarnowiec Nuclear Power Plant was public opinion(a referendum had an exit poll of strong "no"), and Chernobyl disaster was up-to-date event.
A new nuclear power plant was approved in the 2005–2025 energy strategy document, and it is expected to be in operation by 2021 or 2022. The Polish company PSE participates in the development of the Visaginas Nuclear Power Plant in Lithuania.
Around 95% of the nation's electricity is currently produced by burning coal (of which Poland has the EU's largest reserves) but with the need to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, in 2006 the nuclear option was reviewed. A 2006 feasibility study suggested it optimal to build an 11.5 GWe capacity nuclear power plant. However, this proving unaffordable in the immediate future, Poland decided to build a 4.5 GWe nuclear power plant by 2030. In 2007, a draft energy policy proposed a 10 GWe nuclear capacity by 2030 to provide 10% of electricity. The deadline gives an estimated ten years for investment and construction and five years of public campaigning.
In July 2006, Poland joined Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia to build a new nuclear power plant in Lithuania to replace the Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant being shut down due to pressure from the EU. Poland would invest 22% with these other countries into the project, which will be operational by 2015. The total costs of the project amounts to EUR 6 billion. Poland is guaranteed to have 1,200 MWe from the power plant and is in the process of upgrading transmission capacity between Lithuania and Poland.
In a public opinion poll, 60% of the population supported construction of a nuclear power plant in Poland to reduce its dependence on foreign sources of energy. Additionally, 48% supported construction of a nuclear power plant in their neighborhood, citing local benefits that include lower energy costs.
The popular Baltic Sea resort Mielno is one of three sites selected, however in February 2012, residents voted overwhelmingly against the plan. Some 94 percent of the 2,389 people who took part in a referendum opposed the plant and only 5 percent supported it.

</doc>
<doc id="31196990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31196990" title="Satellite Sentinel Project">
Satellite Sentinel Project

The Satellite Sentinel Project, or SSP, was conceived by George Clooney and Enough Project co-founder John Prendergast during their October 2010 visit to Southern Sudan. Through the use of satellite imagery, SSP provides an early warning system to deter mass atrocities by focusing world attention and generating rapid responses on human rights and human security concerns.
Activities.
SSP currently produces reports on the state of the conflict in the border regions between Sudan and South Sudan. DigitalGlobe provides satellite imagery and analysis. Their reporting is then released to the press and policymakers by the Enough Project. In 2011, the Satellite Sentinel Project detected images of freshly-dug mass grave sites in the Southern Kordofan state of South Sudan, where Sudan’s Arab military has been targeting a black ethnic minority. SSP was the first to provide evidence consistent with the razing of the villages of Maker Abior, Todach, and Tajalei in Sudan's contested Abyei region, and the project has discovered eight alleged mass graves in South Kordofan, Sudan. SSP also plans to investigate how the illegal trade in diamonds, gold, ivory and other resources funds the activities of human-rights abusers.
Organization and funding.
Not On Our Watch Project provided seed money to launch the Satellite Sentinel Project. The Enough Project contributes field reports, policy analysis and communications strategy, and, together with Not On Our Watch and its SUDANNOW partners, pressures policymakers by urging the public to act. Google and Internet strategy firm Trellon, LLC collaborate to design the web platform.
Limits to effectiveness.
Patrick Meier, a noted scholar in the field of crisis mapping has observed that the deterrent value of any surveillance is diminished in the absence of consequences for the perpetrators of violence. Specific to Sudan, other technologies such as drones are necessary to differentiate threats from nomads in order to generate actionable information.

</doc>
<doc id="31197003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197003" title="Patthar Aur Payal">
Patthar Aur Payal

Patthar Aur Payal is a 1974 Bollywood film directed by Harmesh Malhotra. The film stars Dharmendra, Vinod Khanna, Hema Malini, Ajit, Rajendra Nath, Iftekhar and Jayshree T.

</doc>
<doc id="31197009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197009" title="Nuclear energy in Turkey">
Nuclear energy in Turkey

Turkey presently has no nuclear power plants, however two are scheduled to come online by 2023. In addition to these, the government has announced intentions for three further nuclear power plants with four reactors each, as part of 100 GWe required by 2030. 
Regulation and policy.
In 2007 a bill concerning construction and operation of nuclear power plants and the sale of their electricity was passed by parliament. It also addresses waste management and decommissioning, providing for a National Radioactive Waste Account and a Decommissioning Account, which generators will pay into progressively.
The IAEA has recommended "enacting a law on nuclear energy which establishes an independent regulatory body and putting a national policy in place that covers a wide range of issues, as well as further developing the required human resources". 
Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant.
In May 2010, Russia and Turkey signed an agreement that a subsidiary of Rosatom would build, own, and operate a power plant at Akkuyu comprising four 1,200 MWe VVER units. The first reactor is expected to enter service in 2018. In February 2013, Russian nuclear construction company Atomstroyexport (ASE) and Turkish construction company Özdoğu have signed the site preparation contract for the proposed Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant. The contract includes excavation work at the site.
It will be the first Build Own Operate nuclear power plant. 
Sinop Nuclear Power Plant.
On 3 May 2013, Prime minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe, signed a deal over US$22 billion for the construction of Sinop Nuclear Power Plant that will be carried out by a joint venture consortium of Japanese Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and French Areva.
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Itochu, having top-level safety knowledge and experience against earthquakes, will build the power plant, which will have a capacity of around 4,800 MWe by four pressurized water reactors (PWR). The nuclear plant will be operated by the French electric utility company GDF Suez. According to a goodwill agreement, the Turkish Electricity Generation Corporation (EÜAŞ) will have 20-45% shares in the nuclear plant. 
It is projected that the nuclear plant's first unit will be active by 2023, and the last unit enter service by 2028. 
Third site.
Turkish Minister of Energy and Natural Resources, Taner Yıldız announced that the government is working on the plans of the third nuclear plant, which is projected to be built after 2023 under the management of Turkish engineers.
Reactor evaluation history.
Turkey has repeatedly shown interest in the CANDU reactor, but currently plans to build reactors of a different type. 
Opposition.
There have been anti-nuclear protests in the past, e.g. in April 2006 plans to build a nuclear reactor on the Ince peninsula caused a large anti-nuclear demonstration in the Turkish city of Sinop. Despite opposition, Turkey aims to have five nuclear power plants by 2030.
Greenpeace has concerned over earthquakes and the ability of the authorities to protect the public, have opposed these proposals. However, nuclear reactors are designed to deal with earthquakes.
See also.
Turkish Atomic Energy Authority

</doc>
<doc id="31197018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197018" title="2011 Pohang Steelers season">
2011 Pohang Steelers season

The 2011 season was Pohang Steelers's twenty-ninth season in the K-League in South Korea. Pohang Steelers will be competing in K-League, League Cup and Korean FA Cup.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Statistics accurate as of match played 26 November 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31197022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197022" title="Radical 118">
Radical 118

Radical 118 meaning "bamboo" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 953 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197023" title="Best Of (Between the Buried and Me album)">
Best Of (Between the Buried and Me album)

Best Of is a greatest hits compilation album by the American progressive metal band Between the Buried and Me. The three-disc CD/DVD set was released by Victory Records on March 29, 2011. "Best Of" was also released shortly after the announcement of Between the Buried and Me's signing to Metal Blade Records. The album's packaging features several hidden images that can be revealed by using a decoder.
Jason Lymangrover of Allmusic gave the album three and a half out of five stars, and stated, "Boasting two discs and a bonus DVD with four music videos, as well as some slick packaging, it's a nice collector's item for fans, and a good jumping-off point for people looking to get their feet wet with one of the most versatile prog-metalcore groups in the business." However, Lymangrover also said, "it's not quite the full experience because BTBAM's impressive first self-titled album is not included, and the band's albums often play conceptually from front to end, but these are minor complaints."

</doc>
<doc id="31197040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197040" title="Nuclear energy in Slovenia">
Nuclear energy in Slovenia

Slovenia's only nuclear power plant is the Krško Nuclear Power Plant, which went into commercial operation on January 15, 1983. It was built as a joint venture by Slovenia and Croatia which were at the time both part of Yugoslavia. The operating company Nuklearna Elektrarna Krško (NEK) remains co-owned by Slovenian and Croatian state-owned companies and provides more than one-quarter of Slovenia's electrical power along with roughly a fifth of Croatia's. The plant is scheduled to close by 2023, and there are no plans to build further nuclear plants. Nonetheless, the debate on whether and when to close the Krško plant has intensified since the 2005/06 winter energy crisis. In May 2006 a Slovenian newspaper claimed that the government had held internal discussions on adding a new 1000MW block into Krško after 2020. Nuclear waste is disposed in storage facilities. Slovenia has left the possibility of reprocessing spent fuel open.

</doc>
<doc id="31197051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197051" title="Tom Trevelyan">
Tom Trevelyan

Thomas Trevelyan (born April 8, 1949) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played 20 games during the 1974–75 WHA season with the San Diego Mariners of the World Hockey Association.

</doc>
<doc id="31197057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197057" title="Radical 119">
Radical 119

Radical 119 meaning "rice" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 318 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197060" title="Confetti (1927 film)">
Confetti (1927 film)

Confetti is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Jack Buchanan, Annette Benson and Sydney Fairbrother. It had its trade show in December 1927. The film was shot at Gainsborough Pictures' Islington studios.

</doc>
<doc id="31197081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197081" title="Flyme (Villa Air)">
Flyme (Villa Air)

Flyme is a Maldivian airline launched on March 14, 2011. It has its headquarters on the fifth floor of the Villa House in Malé. The airline is operated by Villa Air, a subsidiary company of Villa Group and began operations on 1 October 2011.
Destinations.
Flyme operates daily scheduled flights between Ibrahim Nasir International Airport and Villa International Airport, and weekly scheduled flights to nine destinations out of ten in Maldives, Thimarafushi Airport being the only current domestic sector yet to be flown.
Fleet.
As of November 2013, the Flyme fleet consists of the following aircraft with an average age of 7.7 years:

</doc>
<doc id="31197093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197093" title="KXL">
KXL

KXL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31197097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197097" title="Radical 120">
Radical 120

Radical 120 meaning "silk" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 823 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197100" title="God's Clay (1928 film)">
God's Clay (1928 film)

"God's Clay" is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Anny Ondra, Trilby Clark, Haddon Mason and Franklyn Bellamy. It is an adaptation of the novel "God's Clay" by Claude Askew and Alice Askew. It had previously been made into a 1919 film of the same name. The film was made at Elstree Studios by the British subsidiary of First National Pictures.
Plot.
A respectable woman's position in society is threatened by a blackmailer.

</doc>
<doc id="31197101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197101" title="Rockhaven, Saskatchewan">
Rockhaven, Saskatchewan

Rockhaven is a special service area in Cut Knife Rural Municipality No. 439, Saskatchewan, Canada. The population was 20 people in 2006. The community is located 56 km west of the City of North Battleford between highway 40 & highway 787 southeast of Cutknife on the Canadian Pacific Railway line.
Demographics.
Prior to December 31, 2007, Rockhaven was a village, but it was restructured as a special service area on that date.

</doc>
<doc id="31197103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197103" title="Ahlfors measure conjecture">
Ahlfors measure conjecture

In mathematics, the Ahlfors conjecture, now a theorem, states that the limit set of a finitely-generated Kleinian group is either the whole Riemann sphere, or has measure 0. 
The conjecture was introduced by , who proved it in the case that the Kleinian group has a fundamental domain with a finite number of sides. proved the Ahlfors conjecture for topologically tame groups, by showing that a topologically tame Kleinian group is geometrically tame, so the Ahlfors conjecture follows from Marden's tameness conjecture that hyperbolic 3-manifolds with finitely generated fundamental groups are topologically tame (homeomorphic to the interior of compact 3-manifolds). This latter conjecture was proved, independently, by and by .

</doc>
<doc id="31197105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197105" title="Brunei's Next Superstar">
Brunei's Next Superstar

"Brunei's Next Superstar" is the Bruneian version of the "Idol" series that started in UK, similar to shows such as "Pop Idol" and "American Idol" in the franchise but it does have a few differences. This show is a contest to determine the best young singer in Brunei. This first season premiered on December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31197106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197106" title="C.I.D. (1990 film)">
C.I.D. (1990 film)

C.I.D. is a 1990 Bollywood film directed by Ajay Goel. The film stars Amrita Singh, Vinod Khanna, Suresh Oberoi, Juhi Chawla, Aftab Shivdasani, Shafi Inamdar, Alok Nath and Kiran Kumar.
Plot.
C.I.D. Inspector Veer (Vinod Khanna) wages war against organized crime. His enemy is Roshan Lala (Kiran Kumar) the overlord of the drug and gold smuggling racket in India. So dangerous a man is Roshan Lala that no witness has ever dared to come forward to give evidence against him in court. Frustrated by the lack of evidence and witness needed to convict Roshan Lala, Inspector Veer manages to have a young undercover officer Raksha (Juhi Chawla) infiltrate Roshan Lala's organization. However she is soon discovered to be a Police officer and ruthlessly shot down by Roshan in a deserted street. Fatefully, this murder is witnessed by Mr. & Mrs. Saxena, a respectable middle-aged couple, whose only daughter Meghna is engaged to be married to Inspector Veer. Is Roshan Lala successful in his design? Does Inspector Veer convict Roshan Lala or does he lose his beloved forever?

</doc>
<doc id="31197121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197121" title="Destrozado y sin control (song)">
Destrozado y sin control (song)

"Destrozado y sin control" is the first single from the EP "Destrozado y sin control", the Peruvian singer and model Shaw. The video was released on May 9, 2010 by MTV Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="31197124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197124" title="Radical 121">
Radical 121

Radical 121 meaning "jar" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 77 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197125" title="The Clinic (2010 film)">
The Clinic (2010 film)

The Clinic is a 2010 thriller film written and directed by James Rabbitts and was shot in Deniliquin, NSW, Australia. It is loosely inspired by true stories of infant abduction and follows the stories of six women and their newborn babies.
Plot.
The Clinic is set in the year 1979 (six years prior to the advent of DNA testing). Young mother-to-be Beth is traveling cross country with her fiancé, Cameron. After a near accident on the road they stop at a motel in the small town of Montgomery. Cameron goes for a midnight stroll and comes back to find his fiancée missing. After a quick search Cameron calls the local police and asks the officer on duty to check the motel, as the owner has been behaving suspiciously towards Beth. Cameron attacks the motel owner out of frustration and is arrested.
Beth later wakes naked in bath tub in a warehouse, and discovers her baby has been removed by C-section. The only clothing in the room is a white smock with the Roman numeral DCVIII on it. Alone and afraid for her child, she wanders outside of the facility where she is discovered by other women who have also been kidnapped and had their babies taken via C-section. Meanwhile, Cameron makes an attempt to save Beth by overpowering the policeman and traveling to the facility where Beth is being held. Beth wanders around before finding 3 other mothers who are in the same situation, wondering around the find 1 mother who appears dead but has her stomach ripped open, she wakes up to tell the mothers her child is blue which confuses the mothers. He drives over a spike strip on the road leading to the facility and has a fatal accident.
As the mothers search around one of them gets killed in the dark and her stomach is ripped open, when the girls find her they find a green tag inside her but they are unaware of what it means, they then continue to search for their children at the warehouses they discover that their babies are alive but locked in a row of crib cages. The babies are wearing colored tags that can only be matched to a colored clip sewn inside the mother's abdomen. The only way to match mother to child is to remove the tag from their abdomens but they cannot do it themselves as they would die from blood loss, but one of the captured women has decided to cut them out of all the other women rather than from herself. One by one, the women are picked off by the crazed mother until Beth catches her and fatally injures her. After holding the last mother until she dies, Beth goes off to find the dying mother. The dying mother tells her of a woman who told her the only way to find out which baby was hers was to kill five other women and remove the tags inside. Before she dies she threatens to drop the remaining tag down a hole so that Beth wouldn't know which is her children unless she promises to take care of her baby as well, she then dies, and Beth takes the tag from the last mother from her hand. Beth then uses the clips to deduce that her baby has the violet tag. She returns to find the babies have been removed from their cage cribs and is knocked out by a hidden assailant.
After regaining consciousness, she finds herself chained to the floor. She is confronted with the sight of a Russian couple inspecting her baby, it is revealed to Beth that the prospective parents receive their baby to adopt based on their mother's performance in the warehouse experiment, the winning mother has the strongest child and that is the one the parents adopt, it is also revealed that Beth wasn't originally in the group but a substitute for another mother who hadn't survived the c-section. As is customary, the adoptive father prepares to kill Beth. He is stopped suddenly by the adoption ring leader's son, duncan, who is mentally handicapped but has remembered Beth's kindness to him, both him and the adoptive father shoot killing Duncan and the parents, The ring leader then takes the baby and runs. Beth frees herself and confronts the woman running the operation, only to discover that she herself was picked up as a baby from this facility by her adoptive parents. Beth takes her final revenge on the woman and escapes with her child. Months later, she visits the grave site of her biological mother (file XXVIII, Lydia Hayes) and makes her way to meet who she believes to be her biological father.

</doc>
<doc id="31197137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197137" title="Somehow Good">
Somehow Good

Somehow Good is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Fay Compton, Stewart Rome and Dorothy Boyd. It was made at Twickenham Studios and premiered in October 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="31197156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197156" title="Radical 122">
Radical 122

Radical 122 meaning "net" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 163 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197165" title="Salim (poet)">
Salim (poet)

Abdul-Rehman Begi Saheb-Qiran (Ebdulrehman Begî Sahibqîran, Kurdish: عەبدولڕەحمان بەگی ساحێبقران) Famous by his pseudonym as Salim or Salem (Kurdish: سالم), he was born in 1800 in Sulaymaniyah, Kurdistan, died 1866. He is one of the most significant classic Kurdish poets. He was the uncle of Nalî and the cousin of Kurdî, two famous poets. He died in 1866 in Sulaimany.
Salim's poems.
The content of Salim's poems mainly consists of philosophy, mysticism and history. Most of his poems are in the form of Ghazal, but he has some quatrains(Ruba'is) and Qasidas. His poems are in Kurdish, Persian and Arabic. He is influenced by Hafez and Kalim Hamedani among Persian poets and Nali among the Kurdish poets. His poetry is meterical, he has used Hazaj meter in his poetry which is too suitable for Sorani poetry. There are many Persian and Arabic words in Salim's Kurdish poems.

</doc>
<doc id="31197172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197172" title="A Night of Neglect">
A Night of Neglect

"A Night of Neglect" is the seventeenth episode of the second season of the American musical television series "Glee", and the 39th episode overall. It was written by Ian Brennan, directed by Carol Banker, and aired on Fox in the United States on April 19, 2011. It features the McKinley High glee club, New Directions, fundraising for a fellow extracurricular activity group by holding a benefit concert, while cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) attempts to thwart them.
Thirteen guest stars appeared in the episode, including Gwyneth Paltrow in her final season two appearance. Several cast members returned after extended absences: Jessalyn Gilsig, Cheyenne Jackson and Stephen Tobolowsky as members of Sue's anti-New Directions "League of Doom", and Charice as student Sunshine Corazon. Four songs were covered and released as singles, and a fifth featured as a dance performance.
Upon its initial airing, the episode was viewed by 9.80 million American viewers, and garnered a 3.8/11 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic. Critical commentary was mixed to negative. Reviewers generally disliked the storyline centered on the under-appreciation of student Mercedes Jones (Amber Riley), though commended her performance of Aretha Franklin's "Ain't No Way". The episode's comedy moments attracted some praise, though the guest stars and League of Doom plot were ill-received, as was the cutting short of a solo by Jenna Ushkowitz, and a rendition of Adele's "Turning Tables" by Paltrow, which critics found inferior to the original.
Plot.
Low on funds for an upcoming competition trip, glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) suggests that the club members sell saltwater taffy to raise money. New Directions members Mike Chang (Harry Shum, Jr.), Artie Abrams (Kevin McHale) and Tina Cohen-Chang (Jenna Ushkowitz) reveal they are on the academic decathlon team, which is also having funding problems. Brittany Pierce (Heather Morris) is the fourth, stand-in member, and proves surprisingly knowledgeable about cat diseases. Will's girlfriend, substitute teacher Holly Holliday (Gwyneth Paltrow), suggests holding a benefit concert for the decathlon team instead of selling additional taffy. Former McKinley student Sunshine Corazon (Charice), who defected to rival glee club Vocal Adrenaline, is awarded the closing number at the concert after promising to bring her six hundred Twitter followers.
Cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) creates a "League of Doom", with members that include Will's ex-wife Terri Schuester (Jessalyn Gilsig), Vocal Adrenaline coach Dustin Goolsby (Cheyenne Jackson), and former McKinley High teacher Sandy Ryerson (Stephen Tobolowsky), to destroy the glee club. Tasked with breaking up Will and Holly, Dustin makes a failed attempt at seducing her. The targeted relationship begins to crumble anyway, when Will helps his former love Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays) with her stress-worsened OCD, after she reveals that her husband Carl Howell has asked for an annulment.
Former New Directions member Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer) attends the concert, accompanied by his boyfriend Blaine Anderson (Darren Criss). They are confronted by closeted homophobic bully Dave Karofsky (Max Adler), who is forced to back down by Santana Lopez (Naya Rivera), in retribution for previously throwing a slushie in her face. Sunshine and her followers pull out of the concert on Dustin's orders, and Sandy and McKinley students Jacob Ben Israel (Josh Sussman), Azimio (James Earl) and Becky Jackson (Lauren Potter)—the only other members of the audience—heckle the glee club. Tina is reduced to tears by their booing; Mike fares better as the hecklers are given taffy to keep their mouths full. During the intermission, Holly talks with the three students about the hidden cost of insults and suggests they cheer as opposed to jeering, but they opt to leave instead. Holly performs Adele's "Turning Tables" to Will. Mercedes Jones (Amber Riley), who on the advice of Lauren Zizes (Ashley Fink) has spent the lead-up to the concert making outrageous demands on her fellow club members to gain greater respect from them, performs the final number: a powerhouse version of Aretha Franklin's "Ain't No Way". She wows a stoned Sandy, who donates some of his drug profits to fund the academic decathlon team.
Holly takes a job in Cleveland, leaving Will free to pursue Emma, while Sue decides to bring Terri further into the game. The episode ends on the academic decathlon final's tiebreaker question, which is in the category "hermaphrodite Nazi sympathizers", a topic earlier taught in an irreverent history lesson by Holly.
Production.
Thirteen guest stars were featured in "A Night of Neglect", including Paltrow, who made her third and final second season appearance as substitute teacher Holly Holliday, following "The Substitute" and "Sexy". Having previously appeared in the second season's first episode, Jackson and Charice also returned, as Vocal Adrenaline's Dustin and Sunshine, respectively. Additional recurring guest characters who appeared were New Directions members Mike Chang, Sam Evans (Chord Overstreet) and Lauren Zizes, school bullies Dave Karofsky and Azimio, school reporter Jacob Ben Israel, cheerleader Becky Jackson, local news anchor Rod Remington (Bill A. Jones), and Blaine Anderson, lead singer of the Dalton Academy Warblers.
The musical focus of the episode was, according to cast member Cory Monteith, "artists that may have been neglected or under-appreciated over the years". He revealed that the series' attempt to clear music licensing rights to a song by Icelandic singer-songwriter Björk was complicated by the fact that she apparently did not have a telephone number. She eventually declined the request, as later revealed by "Glee" creator Ryan Murphy, because she felt the song would not have been appropriate to use in its proposed accompanying scene, but remained open to future suggestions as she mentioned that she had enjoyed the show. The songs covered in the episode were Aretha Franklin's "Ain't No Way" performed by Riley; Celine Dion's cover of Eric Carmen's "All by Myself" performed by Charice; Lykke Li's "I Follow Rivers", performed by Ushkowitz; and Adele's "Turning Tables", performed by Paltrow. This marks the second time "All by Myself", a song Charice previously performed in concert, was covered on the series, the first being in the first season episode "Showmance". Jack Johnson's "Bubble Toes" also featured in the episode, as a dance routine performed by Shum, Jr. All four vocal performances were released as digital singles, though only "All by Myself" and "Turning Tables" charted. The former peaked at number eighty-seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100, while the latter reached number sixty-six in both the US and Canada.
Reception.
Ratings.
"A Night of Neglect" was first broadcast on April 19, 2011 in the United States. It garnered a 3.8/11 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic, and received nearly 9.80 million American viewers during its initial airing. Viewership and ratings were down significantly from those of the previous episode, "Original Song", which was watched by 11.15 million American viewers and acquired a 4.2/13 rating/share in the 18–49 demographic upon first airing. It was the most-watched scripted show for the week of broadcast amongst adults aged 18–49, and ranked 16th amongst all viewers.
The episode's Canadian broadcast, also on April 19, 2011, attained 1.74 million viewers and ranked ninth for the week. It registered a slight decline on "Original Song", which was viewed by 1.81 million, but also ranked ninth. In the UK, the episode was broadcast on May 2, 2011, and was watched by 2.44 million viewers (1.92 million on E4, and 520,000 on E4+1), becoming the most-watched show on E4 and E4 +1 for the week, and the third most-watched show on cable for the week. Broadcast on May 4, 2011 in Australia, the episode attained 943,000 viewers and ranked tenth for the night.
Critical response.
"A Night of Neglect" received mixed to negative reviews. Erica Futterman of "Rolling Stone" deemed it a "very predictable episode", which neglected to take risks with its musical numbers and left her with a "stale feeling". Sandra Gonzalez of "Entertainment Weekly" was confused by the message presented. She approved of the Will–Emma plot and Holly's departure, but was dismayed by the lack of Kurt and Blaine, and criticized Mercedes' storyline for its repetitive nature. "The Washington Post" Lisa de Moraes lambasted the League of Doom plot, which, she wrote, consisted of "characters whom viewers will barely remember, one who is super creepy, and another who fans despised". She suggested that they were included for contractual, rather than storyline reasons, though lauded Jackson's talent for "steal every scene he's in." Futterman also praised Jackson's "long-overdue return".
CNN's Lisa Respers France said the episode failed to meet her expectations. She was concerned that Mercedes' plot may lead towards the character becoming unlikeable, and criticized Holly's sudden departure. Though she enjoyed Sunshine's return, seeing Kurt and Blaine at McKinley and Mercedes' solo, she noted "all of those moments were fleeting and only contributed to the uneven feel of the show." Amy Reiter of the "Los Angeles Times" called it a "quirky mixed bag, packed with amusing bits and pieces but very little emotional (or musical) oomph.". Myles McNutt of "The A.V. Club" graded the episode "C". He suggested that its purpose was to address two criticisms of the show: the under-use of its supporting cast members, and the "maniacal behavior" of Sue. McNutt wrote, "not only was the execution on these endeavors spotty at best and outright obnoxious at worst, but the growing futility of continuity in this series renders any and all developments wholly temporary. This episode was not a step in the right direction so much as it was an escalator to nowhere: A week from now, the chances of any of this resonating in the show itself is slim to none." He felt that Mercedes has become a prop, rather than a character, and criticized the episode for attributing her blame for the marginalization the writers have subjected her to.
MTV's Aly Semigran enjoyed the comedy and conclusion of Holly's plot, in what she deemed a "pretty decent" episode, though found Charice's appearance extraneous. IGN's Robert Canning gave "A Night of Neglect" 8.5/10, and called it "a bright and funny installment". He too praised the comedy storylines, particularly the League of Doom plot and the academic decathlon scenes, as: "it's this type of off-topic shenanigans (read: not about fitting in or Rachel Berry becoming a star) that breathes refreshing life into "Glee" and keeps reminding us how funny and entertaining this series can be." He was less impressed with the benefit concert, which he felt harmed the episode's pacing, and as with Gonzalez, found the nature of Mercedes' storyline repetitive.
Musical performances.
Musical performance in the episode, which "Entertainment Weekly" Emily Exton observed failed to fit the "neglected" criteria, also attracted mixed reviews. Futterman wrote that Charice "pullout all the stops", with her cover of "All By Myself", which reached "power notes [that provided a viable threat to Rachel and Mercedes' diva singing". "The Wall Street Journal" Raymund Flandez commended her vocal "control and efficiency belying her young age", Semigran called it a "stirring rendition", and Gonzalez gave it an "A", her joint highest grade of the episode. Her second "A" was awarded to "Bubble Toes", which she called "one of the best of the season." Semigran concurred, "[Mike's dancing is awesome."
Critics disapproved of the continuing trend for cutting short Tina's solos. Gonzalez gave her rendition of "I Follow Rivers" a "B" and commented: "Will Tina ever get to finish a song? Well, judging by the 20 seconds we saw, she certainly deserves to." Futterman called her performance "mostly spot-on", and "TVLine" Michael Slezak pointed out: "Why is it that every time Tina sings—remember her sobbing "My Funny Valentine"—things end weirdly? I wish we'd gotten a little more vocal and a little less booing in an episode about the club's underappreciated talents." Exton suggested, "Maybe she'll get a chance to do a non-comedic relief song in its entirety by season 5?" Flandez disliked her performance; he commented that she sounded "like a flailing white swan, a poor man's Bjork."
Holly's performance of "Turning Tables" was considered inferior to the original. Futterman named it her least-favorite of Paltrow's covers to date and said that her vocals "lacked the texture that made Adele's version so heartbreaking." Gonzalez gave it her lowest grade of the episode, a "B–", and Semigran opined that while Paltrow is "a nice enough singer," she "in no way has the chops" the song requires. While Flandez called it a "scene-stealing turn" and commended it visually and vocally, he noted that Paltrow lacks Adele's veracity.
Mercedes' "Ain't No Way" was named the best performance of the episode by both Futterman, who enjoyed her "powerhouse vocals", and the "New York Post" Jarett Wieselman, who called it "unbelievable", and praised the focus placed on Mercedes following a season which failed to showcase her. Flandez described the number as being "glamorously sung like star she is", and hoped that she would be better used in future. In contrast, Reiter called it "a restrained rendition", but "prettily sung nonetheless", and Gonzalez struggled to connect with the "uncharacteristically average" song, though noted that for Mercedes that is "still 10 times better than a normal person" and awarded it a "B+".

</doc>
<doc id="31197173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197173" title="Aren't Men Beasts!">
Aren't Men Beasts!

"Aren't Men Beasts!" is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Robertson Hare, Alfred Drayton and Billy Milton. A number of people try and prevent a man getting married.
Production.
The film was based on a play by Vernon Sylvaine. It was made at Elstree Studios by British International Pictures. John Mead worked on the film as art director.

</doc>
<doc id="31197181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197181" title="Radical 123">
Radical 123

Radical 123 meaning "sheep" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 156 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197185" title="Erling Christophersen">
Erling Christophersen

Erling Christophersen (April 17, 1898 - November 9, 1994) was a Norwegian botanist, geographer and diplomat. He participated in and led several notable scientific expeditions in the 20th century, including the fifth Tanager Expedition (1924) to Nihoa and Necker Island and the Norwegian Scientific Expedition to Tristan da Cunha (1937–1938).
Early life.
Christophersen was born in Christiania, Norway (now known as Oslo) in 1898. He attended the University of Christiania from 1918–1921, and received his Ph.D from Yale University in 1924. Christophersen's dissertation, "Soil reaction and plant distribution in the Sylene National Park, Norway", focused on the art and science of applied forest ecology, or silviculture, of alpine plants in Norway.
Career.
Christophersen was a professor of botany at the University of Hawaii from 1929-1932. He was instrumental in developing and leading the scientific expedition to Tristan da Cunha from 1937-1938. His book, "Tristan da Cunha, the lonely island" (1938), is an account of the expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="31197195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197195" title="Maduravoyal (State Assembly Constituency)">
Maduravoyal (State Assembly Constituency)

Maduravoyal is a legislative assembly constituency in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Elections and Winners from this constituency are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="31197204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197204" title="Una vez más (song)">
Una vez más (song)

"Una vez más" is the second single from the EP "Destrozado y sin control", the Peruvian singer and model Shaw. The video was released on November 26, 2010 by MTV Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="31197213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197213" title="Love on the Spot">
Love on the Spot

Love on the Spot is a 1932 British musical film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Rosemary Ames, Richard Dolman and Aubrey Mather. Two criminals are reformed when they meet and fall in love. It was made at Ealing Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="31197216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197216" title="National Audubon Society v. Superior Court">
National Audubon Society v. Superior Court

The case of National Audubon Society v. Superior Court (Supreme Court of California, 1983) was a key case in California highlighting the conflict between the public trust doctrine and appropriative water rights. The Public Trust Doctrine is based on the principle that certain resources (such as navigable waters) are too valuable to be privately owned and must remain available for public use. In "National Audubon Society v. Superior Court," the court held that the public trust doctrine restricts the amount of water that can be withdrawn from navigable waterways. The basis for the Public Trust Doctrine goes back to Roman law. Under Roman law, the air, the rivers, the sea and the seashore were incapable of private ownership; they were dedicated to the use of the public. In essence, the public trust doctrine establishes the role of the state as having trustee environmental duties owed to the public that are subsequently enforceable by the public. There is judicial recognition of this, dictating that certain rights of the public are key to individual common law rights (such as state recognition of the public right or trust for waterways and coastal zones). Judicial recognition of the public trust doctrine has been established for tidelands and non-navigable waterways, submerged land (such as lake beds) and the waters above them, and preservation of a public interest (such as recreation, swimming, access, and sport fishing).
In "National Audubon Society v. Superior Court," it was alleged by the plaintiffs that the public trust doctrine was being violated due to environmental damages to Mono Lake in the form of significant water level declines as a result of water diversions by the City of Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (DWP). DWP based their defense on the fact that they held permits, issued by the state for the diversions, and so the diversions were allowable. The central issue in the case was whether appropriative water rights (granted in the past) must consider the public trust doctrine, requiring protection of natural resources by the state. More specifically, the issue being addressed by the court was whether Mono Lake was subject to a public trust, which would invalidate Los Angeles’ use of the streams feeding the lake. The California Supreme Court held that the state, under the public trust doctrine, had continuing responsibility for the state's navigable waters and that the public trust doctrine, therefore, prevented any party from appropriating water in a manner that harmed the public trust interests. However, the court also recognized that LA depended on these diversions as a critical water source, and this in turn mitigated the rule of law as the court held that water transfers were permissible even though some damage to the environment would occur as long as this was kept to minimal harm to the extent feasible. This ruling established that the public trust doctrine and appropriative water rights are ""part of an integrated system of water law"" and so both must be considered when determining appropriate use of water in California.
Case Summary.
In 1979, the National Audubon Society and others ("Audubon") filed a suit against City of Los Angeles Department of Water and Power "DWP" to suppress their diversion of the four tributaries that originally supplied Mono Lake with water from Sierra snowmelt. The public trust doctrine is the cornerstone and crux of this court case; the doctrine originates from Roman law and has persisted throughout European and English Common law. The Institutes of Justinian from the Sixth Century A.D. stated: "by the law of nature these things are common to mankind -the air, running water, the sea and consequently the shores of the sea". Spanish and Mexican law also recognizes the public trust doctrine; the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo guarantees these rights in California. 
Thus, the public trust doctrine is a philosophical and realized extension of the concept of communal property, which belongs to the people and is to be held in a "trust" by the government. The public trust doctrine holds that our water, fish, and wildlife are shared resources to be held in an exalted position, above that of any industrial, commercial, or private uses in any administrative or judicial review of water allocation, and establishes that the government must uphold and protect this trusteeship as a moral obligation.
Audubon’s original complaint, filed with the Superior Court of Mono County, asserted the diversions were a violation of the public trust doctrine, were both a public and private nuisance, and a violation of California State Constitution Article X, Section 4 & Article XVI, Section 6, which respectively prohibit obstruction of navigable waters and gifts by the state of a state asset. The suit attempted to establish Public Trust rights in Mono Basin, and sought declaratory and injunctive relief. This case eventually reached the Supreme Court of California, where a landmark ruling was handed down in favor of "Audubon", which held that the public trust doctrine applied to the Los Angeles Mono Basin diversions and that the state must exercise continuous supervision to ensure that trust values are continuously considered.
Background.
The leading case that established the public trust doctrine in the U.S. is the 1892 Supreme Court case Illinois Central Railroad v. Illinois. The Court held that "public trust submerged lands belong to the respective States within which they are found, with the consequent right to use or dispose of any portion thereof, when that can be done without substantial impairment of the interest of the public in the waters…." setting a precedent for strict scrutiny of any private taking of public trust land. The Court in Illinois voided the deed because under public trust law it did not promote a primary public purpose. 
This meaning has been supported by Federal and California Court decisions in "Woodruff v. North Bloomfield", "People v. Gold Run Ditch" "Mining Co., People ex rel Ricks Water Co. v. Elk River Mill" and "Lumber Co and People v. Truckee Lumber Co". These cases make it clear as a matter of law one must exercise rights or use property so as not to infringe on the rights, interests or properties of others.
Procedural History.
1928: California State Constitution Article X, Section 2 states that all waters of the state must be put to reasonable and beneficial use. Any waters in excess of the "reasonable and beneficial uses" are considered surplus waters available for use by others, as stipulated under the appropriative water rights administered by California State Water Resources Control Board (SWRCB) Water rights are granted by the SWRBC after an application to appropriate water is approved and a permit is issued. The permit allows construction of a project needed to divert the water according to the terms and conditions of the permit, which includes submission of periodic progress reports by the applicant with SWRCB to ensure the application of the water is for beneficial use. If the conditional terms of the permit are met, SWRCB may issue a license to confirm the appropriative rights to the water.
1940: the City of Los Angeles Department of Water and Power ("DWP") was granted permits allowing appropriation for the entire flows of four out of five of Mono Lake's tributaries (Lee Vining, Walker, Parker, and Rush Creeks) for municipal use and hydropower generation. Mono Lake's tributaries contain glacial fed snowmelt from the Sierra Nevada's and thus convey potable water, whereas the water in Mono Lake itself was and is not potable due to its salinity. Despite being granted permits, "DWP" lacked the appropriate conveyance facilities to physically appropriate and transport the volume of water that was granted at the time. 
1963: The City of Los Angeles authorized the construction of a new aqueduct, the Second Los Angeles Aqueduct to transport surface water from Mono Basin and both surface and groundwater from Owens Basin.
1974: SWRCB issued licenses confirming "DWP's" right to divert water from Mono Lake tributaries, resulting in annual diversions of approximately of water from Mono Basin since the aqueduct was completed in 1970. The diversions from the second aqueduct caused the surface area of the lake to decrease by one-third and the lake level to drop , exposing of lakebed.
1977: A Stanford biologist named David Gaines published a study on Mono Lake’s ecosystem highlighting the dangers of water diversion that garnered national attention to the potentially catastrophic ecological impacts to Mono Lake from the "DWP" diversions. This led to the formation of the Mono Lake Committee and a grassroots movement spanning over 30 years to stop the diversions and restore the basin California Water Wars. 
1979: The California Department of Water Resources (CDWR) and the United States Department of the Interior (USDI) undertook a joint study of Mono Basin. The study concluded that the level of Mono Lake should be stabilized at . To achieve this goal, drastic reductions of water exports from Mono Basin were recommended from the present annual average of to a limit of . Legislation was introduced to implement this recommendation, but was never enacted. 
1979: The National Audubon Society ("Audubon"), Mono Lake Committee, Friends of the Earth, the Los Angeles Audubon Society, and Mono Basin landowners initiated the original lawsuit with the Superior Court of Mono County in 1979 against Los Angeles Department of Water and Power ("DWP"), asserting that the diversions were a violation of the public trust doctrine, were both a public and private nuisance, and a violation of California State Constitution Article X, Section 4 & Article XVI, Section 6, which respectively prohibit obstruction of navigable waters and gifts by the state of a state asset. The suit attempted to establish Public Trust rights in Mono Basin, and sought declaratory and injunctive relief.
The Public Trust Case was originally argued as: National Audubon Society v. Los Angeles. Superior Court of Alpine County No. 6429. 
The case was transferred to Alpine Superior Court; "DWP" filed a cross-complaint seeking adjudication of Basin water rights to all appropriators, naming 117 cross-defendants, including the plaintiffs, the State, United States Forest Service, U.S Bureau of Land Management, and other private water users. 
"DWP" also sought a Congressional declaration stating they consented to the impairment of navigable waters of Mono Lake. Finally, "DWP" asserted that any nuisance at Mono Lake was attributable to the newly exposed lakebed and sought a declaration that conditions resulted from a valid exercise of the police power by the State of California. Simultaneously, "Audubon" sought permission to include a cause of action based on the federal common law of nuisance, asserting that Mono Lake is an “interstate or navigable” water in which there is an overriding federal interest, and "DWP's" diversions were causing water and air pollution. 
Due to the inclusion of federal agencies, the suit was transferred to Federal District Court, where they decided abstention was appropriate and remanded. Accordingly, "Audubon" was instructed to file an action in state court to resolve two key issues: 1.) The interrelationship between the California water rights system and the public trust doctrine: Is the public trust doctrine in this context subsumed in the California water rights system, or does it function independently of that system? Could the plaintiffs challenge the "DWP’s" permits by asserting the public trust doctrine limits their permits and licenses, or argue that the water diversions are not “reasonable or beneficial,” as required under the California water rights system? And 2.) Whether exhaustion of administrative remedies was pursued or is applicable in this context. 
This case eventually reached the Supreme Court of California, carrying this title: National Audubon Society v. Superior Court. 33 Cal. 3d 419 (1983).
Case.
At the beginning of the 20th century, the city of Los Angeles, which lies south of Mono Lake, began to undergo huge growth. As a result of this growth, the city needed additional sources of water. Around 1905, former Los Angeles Mayor, Fred Eaton, and his colleague William Mulholland, began to buy land in the Sierra region to secure water supply. The Owens River was utilized as a water source until 1919, and when the Owens River Valley began to dry up, Los Angeles investigated the Mono Basin area. In the 1930s, Los Angeles purchased of land in the Mono Basin. Over the next decade, Los Angeles took water from creeks and streams in the area. In 1919, Mono Lake had a water surface elevation of above mean sea level. In 1955, the elevation of the lake was reduced to 6,405 and still dropping. The decrease in water volume of the lake subsequently increased lake salinity, adversely affecting the local food chain. In 1980, there was a documented fifty percent reduction in the resident shrimp population, and by the spring of 1981, this reduction reached ninety five percent. Also, as the water level of Mono Lake dropped, an island within the lake that was key nesting habitat for bird species became accessible from shore (effectively becoming a peninsula), allowing coyotes access to the nesting habitat. The subsequent predation on nesting birds significantly reduced population numbers. As the level of the lake continued to drop, shoreline area increased, resulting in airborn dust and sediment transport that covered the lake with very fine silt and impacted water quality.
In 1976, a group of students from the University of California began to study the Mono Lake environment. Their research concluded that the lake’s reduction in water level caused environmental damage, including the loss of the lake’s brine shrimp, loss of migrating and nesting birds, and the destruction of the Mono Lake’s natural beauty. In 1979, the National Audubon Society, Mono Lake Committee, Friends of the Earth, and four Mono Lake landowners filed suit against the "DWP". Plaintiffs claimed that the waters of Mono Lake were protected from the "DWP" diversions by the public trust doctrine. The Supreme Court held that the state has an obligation to protect Mono Lake once the diversions begin to harm public trust interests. The court also held that California water law permitted the State Water Resources Control Board (SWRCB) to objectively study Mono Lake water rights after the agency granted the rights. Audubon claimed that air pollution in the form of alkali dust storms were caused by Mono Lake’s dropping water level. On October 6, 1988, the United States Court of Appeals, Ninth Circuit, held that Audubon could not claim a federal common law nuisance based on air pollution. In 1984, when "DWP" threatened to once again dry the creek, a trout fisherman, Dick Dahlgren, joined by California Trout, filed suit against the "DWP". Plaintiffs argued that not only did "DWP" violate the Public Trust Doctrine, it also violated the California Department of Fish and Game Code § 5937. From this case, the court required the "DWP" to release into lower Rush Creek. In 1986, the Mono Lake Committee brought a similar lawsuit to protect Lee Vining Creek. The court ordered the "DWP" to maintain a flow of to the creek. In 1989, the court halted the case for four years to allow the State Water Resources Control Board (SWRCB) to produce an Environmental Impact Report in order to recondition "DWP’s" water right licenses, and to prove compliance with the Public Trust Doctrine and the Fish and Game codes. On September 28, 1994, the court ordered that the lake must be restored to a height of above sea level within the next 20 years. The "DWP" can continue to divert water during these 20 years, but only an average of per year and the "DWP" must restore waterfowl and stream damage that resulted from past diversions.
Issues.
In this case, the California courts resolved two issues: The first issue was, whether the Public Trust Doctrine functions independently of the California Water Rights System. The public trust doctrine defines its purpose as maintaining, “All of its navigable, commerce, fishing, swimming, and other recreational purposes as trustee of a public trust for the benefit of the people.” Therefore, the waterways cannot belong to just one person as private property; they must be available to all people.
The Public Trust Doctrine has also been expanded to protect lands in their natural state to serve as ecological units for scientific study. Mono Lake is a navigable waterway, and it harvests brine shrimp for sale as fish food. Under the traditional public trust cases, the lake is identified as a fishery. Plaintiffs sought to protect the lake's exceptional recreational and ecological value of the lake and its shore, the purity of the air, and the use of the lake for nesting and feeding by birds. Quoting "Marks v. Whitney", the court said, “There is a growing public recognition that one of the most important public uses of the tidelands and use encompassed within the tidelands trust is the preservation of those lands in their natural state, so that they may serve as ecological units for scientific study, as open space, and as environments which provide food and habitat for birds and marine life, and which favorably affect the scenery and climate of the area.” As a result, Mono Lake is a navigable water, and the beds, shores, and waters of the lake are protected by the public trust. 
During the trial the court brought up two cases that dealt with non-navigable waterways. In 1884, the court considered impairment of navigability in the American and Sacramento rivers due to mining on their non-navigable tributaries. Gold Run Ditching and Mining Company used water cannons to wash gold bearing gravel from the hillsides. As a result, 600,000 cubic yards of sand and gravel went into the American River and washed downstream into the beds of the both the American and Sacramento rivers. The court said “The State holds the absolute right to all navigable waters and the soils under them. The soil she holds as trustee of a public trust for the benefit of the people; and she may, by her legislature, grant it to an individual; but she cannot grant the rights of the people to the use of the navigable waters flowing over it…” In the second case, in 1901, the defendant in "People v. Russ" had built dams on sloughs, which flowed from the Salt River. The dams had been built to prevent water from flowing on to the defendant’s land, but the state said they were a public nuisance. In the National Audubon case, "DWP" argued that when the Water Board approved a permit, the water right became a vested right. The California Supreme Court held that the public trust is “an affirmation of the duty of the state to protect the people’s common heritage of streams, lakes, marshlands and tidelands, surrendering that right only in rare cases when the abandonment of that right is consistent with the purposes of the trust.” 
The second issue in this case was whether plaintiffs must exhaust their remedies before the Water Board prior to bringing action in court. The California Supreme Court determined that remedy can be pursued from the Water Board by challenging the unreasonable or unbeneficial use of appropriated water or by bringing an independent public trust claim. Therefore, the plaintiffs could claim that "DWP’s" use of the water was unreasonable. Plaintiffs also could bring the public trust claim pursuant to section 2501 of the Water Code, which said, “The board may determine, in the proceedings provided for in this chapter, all rights to water of a stream system whether based upon appropriation, riparian right, or other basis of right.” Section 2501 refers to water rights as bringing the proceedings before the Water Board.
Decision.
The California Supreme Court entered its decision in 1983 with the majority opinion written by Justice Broussard with Justices Bird, Mosk, Kaus and Reynoso, concurring. A separate concurring opinion by was entered by Kaus. Justice Richardson issued an opinion concurring in part and dissenting in part. While the public trust doctrine protects navigable waterways like Mono Lake, the question remained whether diversions of non-navigable waters like the Mono Lake tributaries might also fall under the doctrine's scope. The majority concluded that when diversions of non-navigable tributaries impair the public interest in navigable waterways, the scope of the public trust doctrine is sufficiently broad to proscribe such actions. The applicability of the public trust doctrine to the case was described by the court as follows:
"“The principal values plaintiffs seek to protect . . . are recreational and ecological . . . the scenic views of the lake and its shore, the purity of the air and the use of the lake for nesting and feeding by birds. Under Marks v. Whitney, supra, 6 Cal.3d 251, 98 Cal. Rptr. 790, 491 P.2d 374, it is clear that protection of these values is among the purposes of the public trust.”’’ 
In examining the relationship between the public trust doctrine and appropriative water rights in California, the court determined that, in some cases, the public interest served by water diversions may outweigh considerations of harm to public trust sources. The population and economy of California depend on the appropriation of vast quantities of water for uses unrelated to trust values. However, the court held that harm to public trust resources should be avoided or minimized if feasible. The court stated that, under Article X, section 2 of the California Constitution 
"“all uses of water, including public trust uses, must conform to the standard of reasonable use.”’’ 
In concluding, the court stated that the water rights held by Los Angeles were granted in absence of consideration of the effects of the diversions on the public trust resources of the Mono Basin and that the allocation of water from the basin streams should be reconsidered. The state has a ""duty"" to protect the public's ""common heritage of streams, lakes, marshlands, and tidelands."" The court also ruled that the State Water Resource Control Board (SWRCB) and the courts have concurrent jurisdiction to consider the effect of water diversions on public trust resources. The court ordered a study to be prepared to determine the impact of "DWP’s" diversion upon the public trust of Mono Lake. In subsequent proceedings following this decision, "DWP" has been ordered to reduce diversions by approximately two thirds until the water levels in Mono Lake recover to an acceptable level (expected to take decades).
Dissent.
Richardson concurred with parts one through four of the majority opinion (background and history of the Mono Lake litigation; the public trust doctrine in California; The California water rights system; and, the relationship between the public trust doctrine and the California water rights system) and with the analysis of the relationship between the public trust doctrine and the water rights system in this state. However, Richardson entered a dissent from part five of the opinion (exhaustion of administrative remedies) where the majority held that the courts and the California Water Resources Board have concurrent jurisdiction in cases of this kind. Richardson's dissent of part five concluded, ""The majority's suggestion that various statutory provisions contemplate the exercise of concurrent jurisdiction in cases of this kind is unconvincing."" In support of this, Richardson cited the Water Code (§§ 2000, 2001, 2075) as well as " Environmental Defense Fund, Inc. v. East Bay Mun. Utility Dist" (1980) and (1977).
Legal and Policy Implications.
The decision of the court expanded the reach of the public trust doctrine to non-navigable tributaries of navigable waters. This allows for legal challenges to be made to administrative decisions made by the state in regards water appropriations where natural resource values are affected. This potential for legal challenge on the basis of natural resource values forces administrative decisions to include specific consideration of long-term resource impairment in tandem with economic development. Therefore, although the public trust doctrine doesn't preclude the conveyance of water rights to a private party where a natural resource held in the public trust may be affected, following "National Audubon Society v. Superior Court" (1983), it does impose a condition on the future use of waters appropriated to further the public interest (the finding that harm must be minimized to the extent feasible). There are, however, broad discretionary powers for states and legislatures to define exactly what the public purpose is. As technology has advanced, waters of the U.S. have been used less for commerce and navigation, the basis for most current environmental law, and more for recreational purposes. In recognition of this, the public trust doctrine can also be employed, using the discretionary powers enjoyed by states for determining public purpose, as the basis for the preservation of a public interest in recreation. Other states, such as Montana, have integrated natural resource values and the public trust doctrine into appropriative water rights through allowing water to be appropriated for future uses that are protective of the environment or a resource (such as maintaining instream flows for water quality or habitat connectivity). In this way, states may establish an appropriative right for water that is integrated with the system of water law as the water is not "used" in the traditional sense of being diverted for commercial, agricultural, or industrial use, but is appropriated to remain in the stream channel. The overriding legal implication of the courts decision in "National Audubon Society v. Superior Court" (1983) is that traditional use of the public trust doctrine to ensure that valuable public resources are not lost to the public through diversion to public control has been altered to encompass an all-embracing environmental protection mechanism. In cases in which the traditional doctrine evolved to protect common rights of access for commercial purposes, the modern public trust doctrine proclaims conservationist principles.

</doc>
<doc id="31197218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197218" title="Radical 124">
Radical 124

Radical 124 meaning "feather" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 220 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197224" title="Born This Way (Glee)">
Born This Way (Glee)

"Born This Way" is the eighteenth episode of the second season of the American television series "Glee", and the 40th episode overall. It originally aired on Fox in the United States on April 26, 2011. The episode was written by Brad Falchuk and directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon, and is a tribute to Lady Gaga, the second such tribute to the artist in the show's history; the first one was "Theatricality". Most of the major plots of the episode center around the topic of homosexuality, as Kurt (Chris Colfer) lays the groundwork for his longtime bully Dave Karofsky (Max Adler) to come to terms with his sexuality, and Santana (Naya Rivera) plots to run for school prom queen in the hopes of winning her love interest Brittany (Heather Morris) from Artie (Kevin McHale).
"Born This Way" attracted mostly positive reception from most critics of the show, as many felt that it was one of the better episodes of the season. However, the episode came under scrutiny by several conservative media critics who criticized the show's depiction of homosexuality. This episode featured cover versions of seven songs, notably a cover of "Born This Way" by Lady Gaga. Other musical works featured in the episode include cover versions of the Keane song "Somewhere Only We Know" and "I've Gotta Be Me" from the 1968 Broadway production "Golden Rainbow". The musical covers and performances were met with generally positive reception from critics, with several noting that it contained the best musical selection in a while. With the exception of "Barbra Streisand", all cover versions were released as singles available for digital download.
Upon its initial airing, the episode was viewed by 8.62 million American viewers, and garnered a 3.4/11 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic, the lowest ratings and total viewership of the season. The episode's ratings and total viewership significantly declined from the previous episode, "Night of Neglect", which had previously been the low point in viewership.
Plot.
During dance rehearsals for the upcoming Nationals competition, New Directions glee club co-captain Finn Hudson (Cory Monteith) accidentally breaks Rachel Berry's (Lea Michele) nose. Her doctor (George Wyner) recommends septoplasty and elective rhinoplasty; Rachel considers modelling her nose after Finn's current girlfriend Quinn Fabray (Dianna Agron), and the two girls duet on the mash-up "I Feel Pretty/Unpretty". Both Finn and Puck (Mark Salling) oppose her planned transformation. Puck tries to help her accept her nose as part of her Jewish heritage, and recruits Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer), who convinces her to look to her idol Barbra Streisand, who refused to succumb to pressure to alter her nose. Ultimately, Rachel decides against having surgery.
Club member Santana Lopez (Naya Rivera) uses Rachel's broken nose as a launching point to highlight the other group members' physical flaws. Aiming to help them achieve self-acceptance, glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) urges them to embrace their perceived flaws by printing them on T-shirts to be worn during a group performance of Lady Gaga's "Born This Way". He also encourages school guidance counselor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays) to confront her OCD; she begins treatment with a psychiatrist, Dr. Shane (Kathleen Quinlan).
Santana, who is a closeted lesbian, decides to run for school prom queen in the hope that she can win the love of her best friend Brittany Pierce (Heather Morris), who is dating Artie (Kevin McHale). She realizes that popular jock Dave Karofsky (Max Adler) is also in the closet, after noticing him checking out Sam (Chord Overstreet), and hatches an elaborate scheme to attain her goals: she threatens to out Karofsky unless he agrees to stop the bullying that drove Kurt from McKinley and the glee club. The pair form an anti-bullying club to make the school safer in order to entice Kurt back and bolster the glee club's chance at Nationals, though mostly to boost Santana's popularity before the prom. They also become one another's "beard" to bolster their heterosexual facades.
Karofsky issues an apology to Kurt at a group meeting involving Will, Principal Figgins (Iqbal Theba), and their fathers. Though Kurt wants to transfer back to McKinley from Dalton Academy, he is hesitant until Karofsky admits privately that Santana's prom queen scheme is behind his change of heart and the anti-bullying movement; Kurt agrees to return, but only if Karofsky will start a school PFLAG club with him. As Kurt arrives back at McKinley, the Dalton Academy Warblers glee club that he had joined while he was away—fronted by his boyfriend Blaine Anderson (Darren Criss)—serenades him in farewell with a rendition of Keane's "Somewhere Only We Know". Kurt marks his re-entry to New Directions with a solo performance of "As If We Never Said Goodbye" from "Sunset Boulevard".
As the race for prom queen intensifies, Lauren Zizes (Ashley Fink) begins campaigning against Quinn. She discovers that Quinn's first name is Lucy, and that she used to be an overweight outcast who had rhinoplasty before re-inventing herself and transferring to McKinley. Lauren attempts to sabotage Quinn's campaign by revealing her former image to the other students, but it backfires when Quinn's popularity actually increases amongst the girls like Lauren. Lauren apologizes to Quinn, but Quinn commends her for her confidence and pride. Brittany shows off her shirt to Santana, and gives Santana a shirt reading "Lebanese", believing that it reads "Lesbian". Santana balks at wearing it, and the two argue; Brittany finally storms off saying that if Santana loved herself as much as Brittany loved her, she would put on the shirt and dance with her. The episode closes with the club, minus Santana, embracing their identities and performing "Born This Way". During the song, Emma arrives wearing a T-shirt that acknowledges her own problems—it reads "OCD"—and she and Will join the performance. Karofsky and Santana watch from the audience, with Santana wearing her "Lebanese" shirt.
Production.
The episode was extended and ran for 90 minutes, as opposed to the usual 60 minutes. Michael Ausiello of "TVLine" reported that the producers included two extra musical performances to fill the extended time slot. Series creator Ian Brennan stated that he believed the extension was granted as there were two songs which would otherwise have been cut for length. He welcomed the additional 24 minutes of screen time, and commented: "We're always desperately cutting down our episodes. Even when we write them, and then in the editing room we're always throwing away stuff that I really love to get it down to time. [...] It will be just really interesting content-wise for us have an extension."
The focus of the episode is Lady Gaga's song "Born This Way", which she approved for use in "Glee" before the song premiered. This will be the second episode to highlight Gaga's music, the first one being season one's "Theatricality". According to Monteith, the focus of "Born This Way" is the characters "embracing the things about that [they don't like and tailoring performances around that." It features homophobic Dave Karofsky starting to come to terms with his homosexuality. The plot arc, which began in the season's sixth episode, "Never Been Kissed", is intended by series creator Ryan Murphy to have a happy ending. He explained that, while someone like Karofsky could turn to drugs or alcohol or commit suicide, "Glee" is "by nature optimistic", so he plans to conclude the storyline positively. For fellow closeted character Santana, "Born This Way" set up the final three episodes of the season, which will increase focus on her love for her best friend Brittany. The episode additionally marked the first appearance of guest star Dr. Shane, "a very smart, cool and kind psychiatrist" who may become a recurring character. Other characters seen in "Born This Way" include glee club members Mike Chang (Harry Shum, Jr.), Sam Evans and Lauren Zizes, Kurt's boyfriend Blaine Anderson, school bully Azimio (James Earl), Principal Figgins, and Karofsky's father, Paul (Daniel Roebuck).
In addition to "Born This Way", the other songs covered in the episode were Keane's "Somewhere Only We Know", "As If We Never Said Goodbye" from the musical "Sunset Boulevard", a mash-up of "I Feel Pretty" from "West Side Story" and "Unpretty" by TLC, "I've Gotta Be Me" from the musical "Golden Rainbow", and Duck Sauce's "Barbra Streisand". All but "Barbra Streisand" were released as digital singles for the episode. "Somewhere Only We Know" was included on the series' seventh soundtrack, ', and "As If We Never Said Goodbye", "Born This Way" and "I Feel Pretty / Unpretty" were included on the series' eighth soundtrack, '.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Born This Way" was first broadcast on April 26, 2011, in the United States. It averaged a 3.4/11 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic, and also averaged nearly 8.62 million American viewers during its initial airing. The first hour of the show garnered 8.3 million American viewers and a 3.3/9 rating in the 18–49 demographic, despite airing simultaneously with a rerun of "NCIS" on CBS, ' on NBC, "No Ordinary Family" on ABC, and "One Tree Hill" on The CW. The last half hour of the episode had 8.5 million American viewers, as well as a 3.4/9 rating in the 18–49 demographic, despite airing alongside with a rerun of ' on CBS, "Dancing with the Stars" on ABC, "The Voice" on NBC, and "Hellcats" on The CW. The total viewership and ratings were the lowest of the second season of Glee, and was down from those of the previous episode, "Night of Neglect", which was watched by 9.80 million American viewers and acquired a 3.8/11 rating/share upon first airing. In the UK, the episode was watched by 2.52 million viewers (2.087 million on E4, and 433,000 on E4+1), becoming the most-watched show on E4 and E4 +1 for the week, and the most-watched show on cable for the week.
Critical response.
"Born This Way" was given a positive reception by many critics of the show. Erica Futterman of "Rolling Stone" and Sandra Gonzalez of "Entertainment Weekly" both considered it to be an improvement from the previous episode. Futterman wrote that it "gave us the charm, wit and just-zany-enough-to-be-plausible plot lines we were sorely missing after last week's predictable" episode, and added, "Even better: the episode didn't feel as long as the 90 minutes it clocked in at." "IGN" Robert Canning gave the episode a "great" rating of 8 out of 10. While he said the episode was entertaining, he felt that it did not need to be an hour and a half. Emily Yahr of "The Washington Post" agreed about the extended length, and did not like what she called "lame attempts to fill time", which she said "detracted from what started as a decent episode". She did, however, cite several "promising storylines", including Rachel's, and noted, "Usually, New Directions leader Rachel Berry is a caricature of all things annoying—but this episode, we see her genuinely struggling with wanting to love herself the way she is". The "Houston Chronicle" Bobby Hankinson summed it up as follows: "Not an epic episode, just sort of … meh." Amy Reiter of "The Los Angeles Times" reacted more positively and wrote, "The 90-minute episode had a lot of laughs, a lot of heart, some good lessons, character development, a few good numbers and more than a few surprises."
"The A.V. Club" Todd VanDerWerff gave it a "B", and wrote that he "finally got a sense that, yes, this second season has been building toward something and has been trying to tell an emotional story, as well as a humorous one. 'Born This Way', for the first time in a long time, made me feel like I could say I was a fan of "Glee" without a million qualifiers." Gary Mills of the "Florida Times-Union" felt that the episode didn't live up to its hype, but also said that he wasn't disappointed. Brett Berk of "Vanity Fair" reacted positively, and noted that by "focusing on what makes these lovable dorks, well, lovable dorks—and not pop, or high-school, superstars—tonight's episode, if a bit tidily, reminded us that these are supposed to be kids". Matt Zoller Seitz of "Salon" thought that "Born This Way" was "the show's best episode to date", and "an epic about a hero returning from a long journey, walking serenely through halls that once scared him, and performing with such skill and sincerity that his friends stared at him with love and awe." Aly Semigran of "MTV" had mixed emotions. She criticized the abrupt changes of the storylines in the episode, and thought that the episode "was a noble effort" but "it didn't quite work the way it was supposed to." Raymund Flandez of "The Wall Street Journal" stated that the episode "sounded just the perfect notes" and called it "the best episode yet". He continued: "The night held wonderful gems: A clear message. Witty repartee (…). Great character build up. And tailored songs that carried emotional heft."
Several critics praised the development of Santana. Hankinson wrote, "My goodness, Santana. It's as if all the writers sat around a room, identified the best lines of tonight's episode and then decided to give them all to Santana. Fantastic." VanDerWerff called Santana the highlight of the episode: "The best thing about this episode is Naya Rivera's work as Santana and the story the three writers have cooked up for her. Rivera's really come into her own this season, going from just a generic bitchy cheerleader to an actual character who has motivations and might be a better villain for the show than Sue." He added, "the storyline of Santana realizing she was in love with Brittany and, thus, is probably a lesbian has been nicely plotted and surprisingly deep. The reveal about Santana hasn't washed away her less savory qualities; indeed, it's heightened them, to a degree, as she struggles to be true to herself and still maintain her status as the hottest girl in school." Jenna Mullins of "E! Online" wrote of Santana, "This episode just cemented my love for her. The insult spew in the beginning of the episode was awesomely mean." She also said that Santana's "inner monologue is often more entertaining than other characters' outer monologues". "CNN" Lisa Respers France considered Santana the episode's highlight, and went on to write, "She embraced her inner lesbian (sort of) and rattled off the best like 'the only straight I am is straight-up [bitch.' You gotta love that."
Some critics reacted negatively to the episode. Scott Pierce of "The Salt Lake Tribune" felt that the show has jumped the shark starting from this episode. He felt that the Kurt storyline had some major flaws, and that the messages being sent have been mixed. The episode garnered criticism from a number of conservatives, who found the depiction of homosexuality abrasive. In an interview with ABC News, conservative media critic Dan Gainor felt that it was Ryan Murphy's "latest depraved initiative to promote his gay agenda." He added: "This is clearly Ryan Murphy's vision of what growing up should be, not most of America's. It's a high school most parents would not want to send their kids to."
Music and performances.
The musical performances and cover versions in the episode received generally positive commentary. Gonzalez stated that she loved the song choices, and Meghan Brown of "The Atlantic" felt that this episode carried the best selection of music of a "Glee" episode in a long time. Flandez commended that they are "tailored songs that carried emotional heft".
Critics mostly reacted with acclaim for the mash-up of "I Feel Pretty / Unpretty". Gonzalez gave the performance an "A" and commented: "While part of me would have said that pairing Rachel and Quinn for a duet would vocally be like putting a pit bull in a cage match with a Maltipoo, it actually worked! There was a surprisingly balanced and incredibly lovely tone." All three writers of "The Atlantic" review praised the mash-up: Patrick Burns said it was beautiful, and noted that "the arrangement was clever, the ladies sounded great, and the song was placed perfectly into the plot of two characters who were restored a bit of their depth in this episode", Brown stated that the song was lovely, and Kevin Fallon felt that it was "unexpectedly gorgeous and haunting", and noted that it was "yet another example of how skilled the music directors are at these mash-ups." Semigran felt that it was the best performance of the night, and "TV Line" Michael Slezak gave the piece an "A", and said that it was a "vocally and visually stunning set piece for the unlikeliest of duet partners." Flandez commented that the song "floated like gossamer between Rachel and Quinn as they beautifully poured the sentiments of ugly ducklings", and Futterman wrote, "It's a poignant moment, and the inclusion of "West Side Story" 'I Feel Pretty' makes for a great pop/theater mash-up that reminds us of what "Glee" is at its heart."
Kurt's performance of "As If We Never Said Goodbye" was also met with critical acclaim. Brown stated that the song was "absolutely stunning in every conceivable way." She thought that he had the emotional connection, the musicality, and the storytelling ability "down pat". Gonzalez gave the song an "A−" and wrote, "Kurt apparently picked up a few helpful notes ... from his Warbler brothers and emerged an even better solo singer than I recall. ... Most enjoyable, however, was a tenderness Kurt added to the song that I don't think could have been duplicated by any other member of this ensemble." Slezak commended Kurt's voice, gave the song an "A", and said, "I feel like we haven't had too many strong musical moments from Kurt this season, but this number, which pushed Chris Colfer's falsetto to impressive heights, went a long way to erase the deficit." Futterman thought that it was "a sweeter moment than last season's 'Rose's Turn', but the high notes and big vocals are still there." Berk gave it three out of five stars and called it "lovely, and properly sentimental". Zoller Seitz called the performance "spellbinding" and concluded, "Chris Colfer turns 'As if We Never Said Goodbye' into a valentine to self-knowledge and self-improvement—and a young, gay singer's dream of treating the world as a stage and commanding it like a star."
The New Directions' rendition of "Born This Way" was strongly approved by Lady Gaga. On her Twitter account, she wrote, "I really loved Glee Born This Way episode. I admire the show for being brave+fighting for such modern social messaging. Never back down." Gonzalez gave the performance a "B+", and commented that it wasn't her favorite group number, mostly because she felt the song "wasn't Gaga's best effort". Berk was less kind about the song, and called it a "crappy but thematically admirable Gaga tune", though he gave it three stars out of five. Slezak gave it an "A−" and approved of the rendition: "it was nice to see and hear Tina, Mercedes and Kurt on lead vocals—instead of, say, Blaine, Rachel, and Mr. Schue."
The duet of "I Gotta Be Me" by Finn and Mike was considered to be "shockingly adorable" by Berk, who gave it four stars out of five. Slezak was less impressed: "The jazz band arrangement and the Mike-teaches-Finn-some-moves choreography was cute, I guess, but it's not a good sign that I spent half the number focusing on Mike's matching green t-shirt and shoe laces." He went on to question the song's inclusion—"In an episode about confronting one's greatest teenage insecurities, I wonder if there might have been a better choice for a solo than the popular football player with the cheerleader girlfriend lamenting his inability to dance"—and ultimately gave the performance a "B−". Futterman also commented on the song's selection, though from a slightly different angle: "In theory it's charming—and there are definitely moments of the 'I can dance/You can't dance' exchange that were enjoyable—but we couldn't ever imagine this song as something Finn would have voluntarily picked."
"Somewhere Only We Know", as performed by Blaine and the Warblers, received an "A+" from Gonzalez, who loved the song and commented that she was "going to miss the Warblers". Slezak gave the performance a "B", and said that he "can't be too mad at another pretty song sung well by Darren Criss." The performance was acclaimed by Futterman, who wrote, "While the rest of the Warblers maintain their stoic facade, Blaine shows enough emotion to make this bittersweet Keane tune a simple, yet powerful, performance."
The flash-mob mall performance of "Barbra Streisand" was deemed to be pointless by Gonzalez, and she gave it a "C", her lowest grade of the episode. Futterman enjoyed the performance, thinking that it was "the episode's most fun moment and beats out last year's 'Safety Dance' for "Glee" numbers done in a mall." Slezak also reacted positively to the performance, giving it a "B+".
Chart history.
Several of the cover versions featured debuted on numerous musical charts. The show's rendition of "Born This Way" debuted at number forty-four on the "Billboard" Hot 100, on an issue dated for May 4, 2011. It sold 73,000 copies in the United States in its first week of release as a digitally downloadable single. The mash-up of "I Feel Pretty / Unpretty" was the highest charted single featured in the episode, debuting at number twenty-two on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also peaked at number thirteen on the Digital 100 charts and sold 112,000 digital downloads in the United States in its first week of release. It was the highest charting "Glee" single on the "Billboard" charts since "Loser Like Me", which debuted at number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and sold over 210,000 downloads in its first week. "Somewhere Only We Know" peaked at number forty-two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts, and it sold over 75,000 copies within its first week. The fourth single, "As If We Never Said Goodbye", charted at number eighty.
In Ireland, two of the songs debuted on the Irish Singles Charts on an issue dated May 5, 2011. The mash-up peaked at number thirty-seven, while the cover version of "Somewhere Only We Know" trailed behind at number forty-seven. On May 6, three of the singles appeared on the Canadian Hot 100. The "I Feel Pretty / Unpretty" mash-up peaked the highest out of all the singles, debuting at twenty-eight. It was followed by "Born This Way" and "Somewhere Only We Know", which debuted at number thirty-one and fifty-two on the charts, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31197229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197229" title="Punjab Pharmacy Council">
Punjab Pharmacy Council

Punjab Pharmacy Council
is a statutory regulatory body of Punjab Province, established under Drugs Act 1967. It is responsible for issuing Licenses to Pharmacists of Punjab Province in Category-A and for conducting the exams for Category-B, education of Pharmacy Technicians and their documentation regarding supervising the medical stores for pharmacies etc. It is affiliated with the Pharmacy Council Pakistan. The Pharmacy Council Pakistan is the council that handles all the issues related to Pharmacy Education in Pakistan. The approval to Pharmacy Schools / Colleges / Institutes for award of Pharm.D is accredited by the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan. The Pharmaceutical Manufacturing is licensed and monitored by the Federal Government, DRAP (Drug Regulatory Authority of Pakistan), affiliated with the MoNRS (Ministry of National Regulation and Services), Government of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31197241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197241" title="List of Ministers of Agriculture and Land Reclamation of Egypt">
List of Ministers of Agriculture and Land Reclamation of Egypt

The following is a list of ministers of the Ministry of Agriculture and Land Reclamation of Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="31197242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197242" title="Space Infrastructure Servicing">
Space Infrastructure Servicing

Space Infrastructure Servicing (SIS) is a spacecraft being developed by Canadian aerospace firm MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates to operate as a small-scale in-space refueling depot for communication satellites in geosynchronous orbit. Intelsat is a requirements and funding partner for the initial demonstration satellite which, , was planned to be launched in approximately 2015. 
MDA put the launch plans on hold in November 2011 pending finding a second launch partner, beyond Intelsat. Such a customer was not found, and Intelsat dropped out of the collaboration in January 2012. 
In February 2012, MDA indicated that it was waiting on a possible DARPA contract before shelving the project.
History.
MDA Corporation announced in early 2010 that a small-scale geosynchronous-orbit refueling project was under development. The design point was to be a single spacecraft that would refuel other spacecraft in orbit as a satellite-servicing demonstration. The 2010 announcement indicated that MDA had already signed an option agreement "with an unidentified satellite fleet operator that has agreed to provide an aging telecommunications spacecraft for a refueling operation as the inaugural customer." Missions contemplated included not only satellite refueling but also space debris mitigation by including the vehicle capability to "push dead satellites into graveyard orbits."
The early technical design point included a fuel-depot vehicle that would maneuver to an operational communications satellite, dock at the target satellite’s apogee-kick motor, remove a small part of the target spacecraft’s thermal protection blanket, connect to a fuel-pressure line and deliver the propellant. In 2010, it was estimated that "the docking maneuver would take the communications satellite out of service for about 20 minutes."
A potential business model for the service, , would "ask customers to pay per kilogram of fuel successfully added to their satellite, with the per-kilogram price being a function of the additional revenue the operator can expect to generate from the spacecraft’s extended operational life."
In March 2011, MDA announced that Intelsat was to be their inaugural launch partner and that the SIS vehicle could be ready to launch as early as 2015, with Intelsat providing up to over the timeframe that the on-orbit services would be delivered to a portion of the Intelsat satellite fleet.
, MDA suspended the satellite servicing mission while awaiting major decisions due soon on the scope and details on planned satellite servicing missions by US government civilian and defence agencies NASA and DARPA. MDA wants to "see the NASA and DARPA bid requests, see what’s in them, whether can bid as a Canadian company, or as a U.S. company."
MDA Chief Executive Officer Daniel E. Friedmann said "We can’t just go ahead. I know everybody says the government is not a competitor, and yes, literally they are not a competitor. But our whole business is about winning business from the government and then taking that dual-use technology into the commercial market."
In February 2012, MDA said it was awaiting "a decision on a contract bid to the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) before deciding whether to shelve its work on a vehicle to service satellites and perform other chores in orbit."
In a June 2012 article in "The Space Review", a number of approaches to satellite servicing were discussed and contrasted. The MDA Space Infrastructure Servicing concept is reported to be somewhat more complex than the competitive ViviSat Mission Extension Vehicle, and is considered to be similar to the concepts that NASA is investigating experimentally with a test platform called the Robotic Refueling Mission flying on the International Space Station during the Expedition 29–32 timeframe in 2011-2013. MDA's approach "would use its manipulators to refuel or repair the spacecraft. The original announcement of the SIS by MDA in March of 2011 envisioned using it to deploy stuck arrays—like the case of [Intelsat IS-19—or grapple debris. 'Direct refueling, robotically, of a satellite is not trivial, but it’s fully doable.'"
By comparison, the DARPA Project Phoenix program has an even more complex mission concept: "cooperatively harvest and re-use valuable components from satellites in orbit that have been retired. DARPA envisions a servicing spacecraft that could remove a solar array, antenna, or other component from a defunct satellite and transport it to another satellite, either a newly constructed spacecraft or one in need or repairs. 'Phoenix is truly all about going up to retired, non-cooperative, non-controlled satellites that have been left for dead in the graveyard orbit, essentially, and see if we can resurrect capability out of those satellites or those satellite components.'"
, no customers have signed up for an MDA refueling mission.
In-space refueling demonstration projects.
MDA.
, MDA had secured its first major customer for the initial demonstration project. Intelsat entered into a preliminary agreement to purchase one-half of the propellant payload that the MDA spacecraft would carry into geostationary orbit. Such a purchase was projected to add somewhere between two and four years of additional service life for up to five Intelsat satellites, assuming 200 kg of fuel is delivered to each commsat.
SIS was envisioned to carry a toolkit designed to open most of the approximately 40 types of "fueling systems aboard satellites now in geostationary orbit."
Technical details.
The servicing plan for the initial satellite on the demonstration mission was:
Post-demonstration mission extension.
In addition to refueling and servicing geostationary comm sats with the fuel that is initially launched with the vehicle, the SIS vehicle is being designed to have the ability to orbitally maneuver to rendezvous with a replacement fuel canister after deploying the of fuel in the first load, enabling the further refueling of additional satellites after the initial multi-satellite servicing mission is complete.
Technology maturation by NASA.
MDA's commercial interest in robotic in-space refueling got a boost in 2013 when NASA completed a demonstration mission doing robotic refueling of satellite hardware that had never been designed for refuel. In January 2013, an extensive series of robotically-actuated propellant transfer experiments on the exposed facility platform of the International Space Station (ISS) were completed by the NASA Robotic Refueling Mission (RRM).
The NASA Robotic Refueling Mission was launched in 2011 
The set of experiments included a number of propellant valves, nozzles and seals similar to those used on a wide variety commercial and government satellites, plus a series of four prototype tools that could be attached to the distal end of a Space Station robotic arm. Each tool was a prototype of a device that "could be used by future satellite servicing missions to refuel spacecraft in orbit. RRM is the first in-space refueling demonstration using a platform and fuel valve representative of most existing satellites, which were never designed for refueling."
Competitive approaches.
Competitive design alternatives to in-space RCS fuel transfer exist. The ViviSat Mission Extension Vehicle illustrates one alternative approach that would connect to the target satellite in a similar way as MDA SIS, via the kick motor, but will not transfer fuel. Rather, ViviSat will use "its own thrusters to supply attitude control for the target." 
ViviSat believes their approach is simpler and can operate at lower cost than MDA, while having the technical ability to dock with a greater number (90 percent) of the approximately 450 geostationary satellites in orbit.
In September, 2012, the DLR Space Administration announced a funded development project to build a two-vehicle set of spacecraft to demonstrate several technologies necessary for on-orbit satellite servicing, including spacecraft refuelling, to enable satellite mission extension and also controlled disposal of a defective satellite. The project is entititled "DEOS" (German orbital servicing mission), and consists of "two satellites, a 'client' and a 'servicer'. The client acts as the satellite requiring maintenance or disposal. The servicer carries out the necessary work on the client." The two spacecraft will be launched together into low-Earth orbit of . , the mission "will be ready for launch in 2018." EADS Astrium Friedrichshafen is the prime contractor for the definition phase of the DEOS project, with a contract value of approximately €13 million.

</doc>
<doc id="31197243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197243" title="Springwater, Saskatchewan">
Springwater, Saskatchewan

Springwater is a special service area in Biggar Rural Municipality No. 347, Saskatchewan, Canada. Lydden Lake a large lake is to the north, Springwater Lake to the east and Sunny Lake is to the northwest of the community. Springwater is also the location of the Springwater Meteorite found in 1931 near Springwater.
Demographics.
Prior to December 31, 2006, Springwater was a village, but it was restructured as a special service area on that date.

</doc>
<doc id="31197246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197246" title="Muqaddar Ka Badshaah">
Muqaddar Ka Badshaah

Muqaddar Ka Badshah is a 1990 Bollywood film directed by Rama Rao Tatineni. The film stars Vinod Khanna, Shabana Azmi, Vijayshanti, Anupam Kher, Kader Khan and Amrish Puri. Dialogues of this movie became very popular and therefore audio cassette of Dialogues were released it was written by Iqbal Durrani.
Music.
Music is composed By Viju Shah, and lyrics are penned by Sameer.

</doc>
<doc id="31197249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197249" title="Lawrence B. Harkless">
Lawrence B. Harkless

Lawrence B. Harkless, DPM, FACFAS, MAPWCA, is Founding Dean and Professor of Podiatric Medicine and Surgery at the College of Podiatric Medicine, Western University of Health Sciences, Pomona, California, USA. He is a retired Professor, Department of Orthopaedics and former Louis T. Bogy Professor of Podiatric Medicine and Surgery at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio (UTHSCSA).
Dr. Harkless has been described as the "father of diabetic foot care."
Biography.
A native Texan, Dr. Lawrence B. Harkless did his undergraduate work at The University of North Texas and is a graduate of the California School of Podiatric Medicine in San Francisco where he was a member of the honor society. He completed his internship at UTHSCSA and his residency in Podiatric Surgery at Atlanta Medical Center in Atlanta, GA.
His most significant contribution has been his leadership and passion in integrating podiatric medicine in an academic Health Science Center earning the respect and admiration of his physician colleagues. He was the division Chair and Residency Program Director at UTHSCSA. Over the course of his 30-year career, he has trained more than 1,000 students, 176 residents and 15 fellows. Harkless also operated his own private practice, The Alamo Foot Clinic Inc.,
He has chaired the Medical Faculty Assembly, and served as Director of the Podiatric Residency Training Program at (UTHSCSA). He has educated thousands of students, residents, physicians, and health care providers about the complexities of diabetic foot complications and the importance of preventative foot care for people with diabetes. Dr. Harkless pioneered the TEAM Approach to Diabetic Foot Care when he developed the nationally and internationally known seminar, “The Diabetic Foot - A Multidisciplinary Approach” in 1985 which has educated over 7,000 health care providers.
Dr. Harkless, an ACFAS fellow, is a founding member and the 1st chair of the American Diabetes Association (ADA) Council on Foot Care and past member of the ADA Board of Directors. He is also past-president of the National Podiatric Medical Association and the Texas Podiatric Medical Association. Dr. Harkless is a Distinguished Practitioner in the National Academies of Practice.
Dr. Harkless is co-author of the book, "Foot and Ankle Secrets", which has become a staple among podiatric residents and students. He also developed the University of Texas Diabetic Wound Classification together with David G. Armstrong.
Awards.
In 2010, Dr. Harkless received the distinguished Lifetime Achievement Award known as the John Boswick Award and Lectureship given by the Association for the Advancement of Wound Care (AAWC) and Symposium on Advanced Wound Care (SAWC). Additionally, in 2008 he was honored at the Georgetown Diabetic Limb Salvage Conference with the Distinguished Achievement Award in Diabetic Limb Salvage. In 2001, the American Diabetes Association (ADA), the nation's largest and leading voluntary health organization in the fight against diabetes, awarded Dr. Harkless the Outstanding Educator in Diabetes Award. Described by some as "the father of diabetic foot care", he is recognized nationally and internationally for his scientific and scholarly contributions serving on editorial boards, scientific advisory panels, for most of the major pharmaceutical companies and government (United States Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention). He has served on scientific review panels for National Institutes of Health (NIH) and ADA. Moreover, he has edited textbooks and has published more than 130 peer reviewed articles and book chapters. He was a member of the Texas Diabetes Council from 1995 to 2007 and was appointed by then Governor, George Bush, and appoint Chair by Governor Rick Perry in 2001, serving through June 2007.
Dr. Harkless is the recipient of the APMA's Distinguished Service Citation, which is the highest honor given by the profession; the President's Excellence Award in Teaching, given to him by UTHSCSA (1998), the Lifetime Achievement Award and Hall of Fame by Podiatry Management Magazine (2002), and a place on the Wall of Honor at the Texas Diabetes Institute (2003).
Personal life.
Dr. Harkless has been married for 30 years to his wife Gerry. They have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="31197250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197250" title="Stalley">
Stalley

Kyle Myricks (born October 30, 1982), better known by his stage name Stalley is an American rapper from Massillon, Ohio and a member of Maybach Music Group.
Music career.
In 2008, Stalley made his mixtape debut, "Goin Ape", with fellow Ohio-native Terry Urban; 2009 followed with the release of the new mixtape "MadStalley: The Autobiography", and a newfound reputation as a force on stage. Stalley attended the 2010 Iron Mic Competition in Beijing as the featured MC. Shortly after Stalley signed to Rick Ross' Maybach Music Group. Stalley has worked with producers Ski Beatz on the tracks “Address”, "S.T.A.L.L.E.Y.", “Do It Big”, and “Harsh Ave”, Rashad Thomas on album "Lincoln Way Nights", and J. Rawls on track “Babblin”.
He is featured on Curren$y's Universal/Def Jam album "Pilot Talk" (“Address”), released in June 2010, as well as Ski Beatz's Universal/Def Jam projects "24 Hour Karate School" and "24 Hour Karate School, Pt. 2". In February 2011, Stalley completed a sports-themed music project commissioned by ESPN, for future use in television and online programming. Stalley’s "Lincoln Way Nights" (February 2011) received 130K+ downloads and reigned at #2 for Bandcamp hip hop releases. "Lincoln Way Nights" (November 2011) debuted #18 on the iTunes Hip Hop Charts and sold 4K+ copies. Stalley also was featured on the Maybach Music Group albums "MMG Presents: Self Made Vol. 1" and "Vol. 2" along with Rick Ross's "Rich Forever" mixtape. He also appeared on Ross' fifth studio album "God Forgives, I Don't".
His most recent mixtape "Savage Journey To The American Dream" (March 2012) reached 100K downloads in the first week, and was featured as the Stereogum Mixtape of the Week and the Spin Rap Release of the Week (7 out of 10). It was graded an XL by XXL, and HipHopDX awarded it 3.5 out of 5. Stalley released his debut retail single "Swangin" featuring hip hop legend Scarface from his "Honest Cowboy", was released on March 26, 2013. The music video was released on July 9, 2013 and featured a cameo from Paul Wall. Following the mixtape's August 8, 2013 release it was met with generally positive reviews from critics such as PopMatters. Shortly after it was revealed it had received a nomination at the 2013 BET Hip Hop Awards in the "Best Mixtape Category". After receiving a great response from his label he released "Honest Cowboy: EP" to iTunes on September 17, 2013, the same day as the release of "Self Made Vol. 3".
Personal life.
Stalley identifies as being of the Muslim faith.

</doc>
<doc id="31197289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197289" title="List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (France)">
List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (France)

This is a list of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network (France).The channel has shown many programs and movies over the years.The channel airs original and third party content.

</doc>
<doc id="31197299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197299" title="Beautiful Boy (film)">
Beautiful Boy (film)

Beautiful Boy is a 2010 drama film starring Michael Sheen and Maria Bello.
Plot.
The film opens up with home videos of a husband and wife at the beach with their young son. A young man reads a short story about a boy and girl; saying that they didn't know it, but their lives would one day irrevocably change. Bill (Michael Sheen) and Kate (Maria Bello) are a married couple who are tightly wound and devoted to their work. Bill is a businessman, and Kate proofreads books for a living. The only thing keeping them together is their eighteen year-old son Sam (Kyle Gallner), who is having trouble adjusting to college.
One morning, it's reported on the news that there has been a shooting spree at Sam's school. They are then visited by the police who inform them that Sam is not only dead, but that he was the gunman. Kate refuses to believe that their son would do something so horrible, and spends the night tidying up Sam's room as if nothing has happened. As the news media descends upon the couple, Bill and Kate decide to stay with Kate's brother Eric (Alan Tudyk) and his wife Trish (Moon Bloodgood). The next morning, Eric and Trish's son Dylan (Cody Wai-Ho Lee) turns on the television to see a video made by Sam about the impending massacre. Bill then decides to issue a public statement, saying that they are both deeply sorry over what has happened, and ask for their privacy as they endeavor to get their lives back on track. They have a small funeral with only family present.
Trish soon becomes agitated at Kate's nit-picking, and her attempts to mother Dylan, but Eric says that she has to be sensitive to their situation since Sam was her only child. They eventually leave, saying they are going to visit a friend, but check into a motel instead. The manager (Meat Loaf) not knowing who they are, makes a comment about Sam and his "monster family". Bill goes back to the house where he finds a teenage boy (Drake Kemper) in Sam's room. They have a short scuffle where Bill cuts his hand, and the boy calls him a "psycho". He returns to the motel with their laptop, and finds a video from Sam. He and Kate view it together; Sam only says "mom and dad , I'm sorry ,please don't hate me"
Bill and Kate get into an argument about what could have caused Sam to kill all those innocent people. Bill lashes out at Kate for always critiquing every decision that Sam made, but she says that he was never there for them because he was always so busy working. Bill ends up saying that he wishes that Sam was never born, and Kate leaves. 
She goes back to their house for the first time since the shooting, and looks through Sam's room. Bill meets with his boss Harry (Bruce French), who agrees that he can return to work next week. While grocery shopping, Kate runs into her young co-worker Cooper (Austin Nichols). They go back to the house, and she catches him looking through Sam's short stories. He says that he is writing a piece about the shooting, but that he wanted to portray Sam in a more human light by learning more about him. Bill finally returns to work, but feels alienated by the rest of the staff. Harry tells Bill to take more time off to see a therapist, so he quits. 
Bill later visits the cemetery to find Sam's gravestone vandalized, with the word "killer" written on it. He breaks down both physically and emotionally as he tries to scrub the word off with his bandaged hand. Kate reads all of Sam's stories, and goes to Sam's gravestone as well. She gets a call from the motel manager about Bill, and finds him curled up in their old room. Kate embraces the emotionally distraught Bill, and takes him home.
Sam's voice is heard again as he ends his short story about the boy and girl. He says that no matter what they do, their lives will never be the same.
Production.
Filming took place in Los Angeles and Santa Clarita, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31197300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197300" title="Figure skating at the 1998 Goodwill Games">
Figure skating at the 1998 Goodwill Games

The figure skating competition at the 1998 Goodwill Games took place from July 29, 1998 to August 1, 1998 at Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale, New York. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
Results.
Ladies.
On July 24, 1998 Nicole Bobek withdrew from the games.

</doc>
<doc id="31197301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197301" title="Sean O'Brien (ice hockey)">
Sean O'Brien (ice hockey)

Sean O'Brien (born February 9, 1972) is an American former professional ice hockey left winger who played one season in the Finnish SM-liiga for Tappara.
References.
Sean O'Brien Profile

</doc>
<doc id="31197322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197322" title="Radical 125">
Radical 125

Radical 125 meaning "old" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 22 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197324" title="Gelernter">
Gelernter

Gelernter is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31197328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197328" title="2011 Incheon United FC season">
2011 Incheon United FC season

The 2011 season was Incheon United's eighth season in the K-League in South Korea. Incheon United was competing in K-League, League Cup and Korean FA Cup.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Statistics accurate as of match played 30 October 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31197331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197331" title="Baazi (1968 film)">
Baazi (1968 film)

Baazi (Hindi: बाज़ी, Urdu: بازی) is a 1968 Bollywood film directed by Moni Bhattacharjee. The film stars Dharmendra, Waheeda Rehman, Mehmood, Johnny Walker, Helen, Keshto Mukherjee and Chand Usmani.

</doc>
<doc id="31197345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197345" title="Bicycle Dreams">
Bicycle Dreams

Bicycle Dreams is a 2009 documentary film by director Stephen Auerbach about the Race Across America, a 3000-mile cross-country bicycle race. The film has won numerous film festival awards and had a successful screening tour.
Plot.
The film covers the 2005 edition of the Race Across America. It focuses on several riders, including Jure Robic, Bob Breedlove, Christopher MacDonald, and Patrick Autissier. From the starting line in San Diego, the film follows the riders across the country as they endure difficult weather, challenging terrain, and sleep deprivation. Several days into the race, Breedlove, a race veteran and endurance cycling legend, is killed in a head-on collision with a pickup truck. The other riders must deal with the aftermath of the accident and decide whether to continue the race.
Production.
"Bicycle Dreams" was filmed during the 2005 edition of the Race Across America. The crew used 18 cameras, which they embedded within the riders’ crews to get more intimate footage. In an interview about the production, director Stephen Auerbach said he endured stretches of 36 hours without sleep to document the race and to experience the same sleep deprivation as the riders. The crew eventually shot 450 hours of raw footage. Auerbach chose to use little narration in the film, in order to preserve the authenticity of the race and keep the storytelling as “unvarnished” as possible.
Reception.
"Bicycle Dreams" has received exceptionally positive reviews. USA Today's Sal Ruibal noted that the film has "beautiful scenery and inspirational words from riders and coaches" while it "also probes deeper into the sport's heart of darkness."
The film has received a number of film festival awards, including Best Feature Documentary honors at the Yosemite Film Festival, Las Vegas Film Festival, Lake Arrowhead Film Festival, Grand Rapids Film Festival, Solstice Film Festival, Fallbrook Film Festival, Tiburon Film Festival, Red Rock Film Festival, Los Angeles Sports Film Festival, Moscow Sports Film Festival, Canada International Film Festival and the Breckenridge Film Festival.
"Bicycle Dreams" has been screening continuously across the United States since its release in 2009. It has also screened internationally in India, Australia, Turkey, Russia, and the United Kingdom. The film’s current tour, which began in January 2012, has taken it to dozens of cities across the country, often playing to full houses.
"Bicycle Dreams" was released on DVD in 2009 and is available through its website and Amazon.com, where it consistently ranks among the most popular cycling DVDs.

</doc>
<doc id="31197349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197349" title="List of Endgame episodes">
List of Endgame episodes

"Endgame" is a Canadian drama television series that premiered on the cable channel Showcase on Monday, March 14, 2011. The series is developed and produced by Thunderbird Films and Shaw Media. "Endgame" follows former World Chess Champion Arkady Balagan (Shawn Doyle), who uses his analytical skills to solve crimes without leaving his Vancouver hotel. 
__NOTOC__
Series overview.
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31197357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197357" title="Radical 126">
Radical 126

Radical 126 meaning "and" or "but" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 22 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197361" title="Lona">
Lona

Lona may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31197369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197369" title="Zora (vampire)">
Zora (vampire)

Zora, the vampire, better known as Zora la Vampira is an Italian comic book erotic character. The first comic book was published in 1972. published by Edifumetto. The cartoonist, who gave her life and voice were by Giuseppe Pederiali and Birago Balzano.
The comics were published from 1972 til 1985. A movie inspired by her also named "Zora la Vampira" was released in year 2000, directed by Manetti Brothers.
Her real name is Zora Pabst and is shown as an aristocrat of nineteenth century, possessed by spirit of Dracula, where she becomes her servant to satisfy her lust and blood-lust. Her adventures are a mixture of horror, eroticism and pornography.
Zora la Vampira is one of many such characters from the Italian 'fumetti' tradition. Other figures from the same era, and with similarly violent or erotic preoccupations, include Maghella, Lucifera, Biancaneve, Vartan, Jacula, Sukia, Jolanda de Almaviva, and Yra.

</doc>
<doc id="31197378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197378" title="Count Basie and the Kansas City 7">
Count Basie and the Kansas City 7

Count Basie and the Kansas City 7 is an album by American jazz bandleader and pianist Count Basie featuring small group performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "One of Count Basie's few small-group sessions of the '60s was his best". 

</doc>
<doc id="31197401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197401" title="Radical 127">
Radical 127

Radical 127 meaning "plough" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 84 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197412" title="Waverley Harrison">
Waverley Harrison

Waverley Harrison (née Wilson, previously Wallasee) was a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street. She was portrayed by Claire Chitham and was introduced as a love interest for Nick Harrison who she eventually married 8 years after her arrival to the show.
Creation and casting.
Waverley arrived as a love interest for Nick Harrison (Karl Burnett) and as part of the McKenna family unit. 16 year old Claire Chitham auditioned for the role and ended up winning it. After several months on the show, producers decided the character of Waverley had run her desired course and she was written off. Chitham believed her time on the soap was over and finished school, started a degree and began acting in other jobs. However in 1998 Chitham was contacted by the show with a pitch that would see Waverley return in a 3 month stint. Chitham was hugely surprised as nothing of that calibre had happened before in the show and she happily accepted. She stated, "It’s good to be back. When you know how the system of this place operates it’s very easy to slip back in, so it feels like I never was away." In 2004 the character of Waverley was axed from the show, alongside husband, Nick. The Harrison family made their last appearance on 17 March 2005. Chitham found it unusual leaving the soap having worked on it for 8 years, "I understood at that point I was living in a very extreme world. After eight years in the job I was earning great money, with good opportunities and time to spare. Yet I knew I was perfectly capable of coping with reality, and having been there since I was 18, I didn’t know what my reality was."
Storylines.
Waverley arrived to stay with her aunt Alex McKenna (Liddy Holloway) and quickly landed a job at the reception of the clinic. She developed a crush on Stuart Neilson (Martin Henderson) but realised she was too inexperienced sexually and so lost her virginity to Nick (Karl Burnett). But it was not long before Waverley fell for Nick and they became a steady couple. In 1995 Waverley discovered that Nick had married her cousin Rachel (Angela Bloomfield) in a student protest and fled the country in tears. Waverely returned more than two years later and asked Nick to return to her. However by the time Nick realised Waverley was the girl for him, her husband Roger (Brett Coutts) arrived and a frustrated Waverley fled town again. She returned several months later and reconciled with Nick and the two got engaged. In 1999 Waverley discovered that her marriage to Roger was invalid as it was bigamis but nonetheless, slept with him when he returned. Nick forgave her but when she cut his hair off in his sleep, the relationship ended. 
Waverley began to date Fergus (Paul Ellis), but the two broke up and she briefly dated Jed Ferris (Johnny Barker) before she reunited with Fergus. The two prepared to marry, but on the wedding day police arrived to arrest Fergus for his part in an illegal immigration and he fled. Waverley moved on to Adam Heywood (Leighton Cardno) but realised she still loved Nick. The two finally reconciled and married in October 2002. However the happiness was brief when Waverley discovered she had breast cancer. Nick supported her through the ordeal and she fell pregnant, only to suffer a miscarriage. Waverley eventually fell pregnant again and in mid-2004, gave birth to a daughter named Tina-Anne (Libby Reber). When Waverley and Nick's house was broken into in 2005, the family decided to leave Ferndale for Taranaki. Waverley discovered Nick had misplaced the marriage certificate on their wedding day and subsequently Nick organised a vowel renewal shortly before the Harrison's left Ferndale. In 2009 Rachel visited Nick and Waverley for a few days in Taranaki.
Character development.
Relationship with Nick Harrison.
Waverley was introduced to the show as a love interest for established character, Nick Harrison (Karl Burnett). Waverley at first used Nick to get to Stuart Neilson (Martin Henderson), but it was not long before something more serious developed. In 1995 the couple had a pregnancy scare and Nick nervously proposed to Waverley before they found out it was a mistake and he retracted his action. Waverley was devastated to learn Nick had married her cousin Rachel (Angela Bloomfield) during a protest on student allowance and she fled the country. Chitham and Burnett got on well, something which benefitted the couples onscreen relationship, Chitham stated, "Karl’s lovely. He’s very good to work with... I think we’ve got a really good rapport going – you have to if you’re playing a couple on screen." Upon returning after 3 years in 1998, Waverley hoped that Nick had made a substantial change, Chitham stated, "Waverly wants him to have grown up and sorted himself out, have a respectable job and be a man – a suitable man to be her partner and she won’t settle for anything less. She sticks to her morals really strongly and that is one of the aspects in which I think she’s grown up a lot." Speaking of Nick's attempts to meet Waverleys demands, Chitham said, "He makes an effort to meet her requirements. We get there in the end." The two became engaged but Nick was devastated when Waverley cut his trademark hair whilst they slept and they broke up.
Just over a year later, Nick's partner Angela Weaver (Katherine Hubbard) died, leaving him with the care of their son, Lucas (Joshua Adams). Waverley looked after the baby alongside Rachel. As 2001 came to an end, Nick announced his love to Waverley. Waverley turned him down and Nick left Ferndale for England so that Burnett could take a sabbatical. When he returned, Nick and Waverley finally reconciled and got engaged. The marriage was cancelled however when Waverley's ex fiance, Fergus Kearney (Paul Ellis) kidnapped her on the day of the ceremony. She was rescued however and the two finally married in an episode marked by the return of original characters, Jenny Harrison (Maggie Harper) and Marj Brasch (Elizabeth McRae). The following year Waverley was diagnosed with breast cancer and did not tell Nick. Waverley recovered and soon fell pregnant, giving birth to a daughter, Tina-Anne Harrison (Damikah Chancher) on the shows 3000th episode. A fire at Nick and Wave's bar, 'The Dog's Day Inn', nearly saw an end to Lucas and Tina-Anne, but both were rescued by Wave's cousin Eltham Wilson (Kip Chapman). In 2005, the couple's home was struck by a home invader and an increasingly paranoid Nick mistook Wave for a burglar and shook a gun at her. As a result of their insecurities, the Harrison's left Ferndale for Taranaki.
Reception.
Waverely received a hugely positive reception, being labelled one of the shows most; "enduringly popular characters". She has been named as one of the show's most successful comedic characters. The declaration of love made by Adam Heywood (Leighton Cardno) towards Waverley in 2002 was praised by audiences due to its unpredictability, producer Harriet Crampton commented, "People love those sorts of unexpected moments that come out of nowhere." In 2004 a reviewer compared Waverley and Nick's relationship to that of the iconic Coronation Street couple, Ken and Deirdre Barlow. Waverley's run of storylines have been described as "spectacular". Following her axing, Chitham expressed her joy of playing Waverley, "I loved playing Waverley. She was easy to fall in love with, and to play. She had a heart of gold and was harmless. And the best thing was she was this really great comic character. I was grateful that Waverley was a Character with a capital C, and I would love to have a career filled with characters like that."

</doc>
<doc id="31197421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197421" title="Gopinathan Pillai">
Gopinathan Pillai

G Gopinathan Pillai was an Indian politician from Praja Socialist Party who represented Mavelikkara constituency from 1967 to 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31197425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197425" title="Echinocereus viridiflorus">
Echinocereus viridiflorus

Echinocereus viridiflorus is a species of cactus known by the common names nylon hedgehog cactus, green pitaya, and small-flowered hedgehog cactus. It is native to the central and south-central United States and northern Mexico, where it can be found in varied habitat types, including desert scrub, woodlands, dry grasslands, and short-grass prairie.
This cactus has a small spherical or cylindrical stem 3 centimeters to over 30 centimeters tall and up to 9 centimeters wide. It is mostly unbranched but it may occur in squat clusters of several branches. The body of the plant is ridged and lined with many areoles bearing spines. The spines may be red, yellow, white, purplish, or bicolored, sometimes with darker tips. The flower is up to 3 centimeters long and has tepals in shades of yellowish, brownish, greenish, or occasionally red, with darker reddish midstripes. The tepals are thin at the tips.
The taxonomy of the species is uncertain, with authors recognizing several varieties which are sometimes treated as separate species. One variety, var. "davisii" (sometimes called "Echinocereus davisii"), Davis' green pitaya, is federally listed as an endangered species. This taxon is very small, reaching no more than 3 centimeters tall. It becomes smaller when water is scarce, withdrawing under the ground, sometimes leaving just some spines sticking out. It has yellow-green flowers. This rare variety is endemic to Brewster County, Texas, where it grows in beds of "Selaginella" in rocky soils of novaculite origin. There was only one population known as of 1984, and it probably will not expand its range because it is limited to a specific mineral substrate.

</doc>
<doc id="31197450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197450" title="Radical 128">
Radical 128

Radical 128 (meaning "ear" in English) is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 172 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197457" title="Pona">
Pona

Pona or PONA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31197458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197458" title="Ethos (disambiguation)">
Ethos (disambiguation)

Ethos generally refers to a culture's guiding ideals.
Ethos may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31197462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197462" title="Bittermann">
Bittermann

Bitterman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31197464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197464" title="Bitterman">
Bitterman

Bitterman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31197491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197491" title="Lugalbanda in the Mountain Cave">
Lugalbanda in the Mountain Cave

Lugalbanda in the Mountain Cave is a Sumerian mythological account. It is one of the four known stories that belong to the same cycle describing conflicts between Enmerkar, king of Unug (Uruk), and an unnamed king of Aratta. The story is also referred to as “Lugalbanda in the Wilderness” or “Lugalbanda I” and followed by the story known as Lugalbanda and the Anzu Bird, together forming the two parts of one story. The stories, from the composer’s point of view, take place in the distant past. The accounts are believed to be composed during the Ur III Period (21st century BCE), although almost all extant copies come from Isin-Larsa period (20th-18th centuries BCE). Tablets containing these stories were found in various locations of southern Iraq, primarily in the city of Nippur, and were part of the curriculum of Sumerian scribal schools during the Old Babylonian period (20th-17th centuries BCE).
Synopsis.
Sumerian king Enmerkar wants to conquer the land of Aratta. Rounding up his army, Enmerkar marches toward Aratta, a city on the eastern highlands. Amongst the soldiers is Lugalbanda, who falls seriously ill and is left by his brothers to live or die in a cave along with some provisions. Lugalbanda lies ill for two days; he prays to the gods Shamash, Inanna, and Nanna to be healed of his sickness and is eventually healed by them. A few days later he captures a wild bull and two wild goats before lying down to dream. He is sent a dream instructing him to sacrifice the animals he has captured and he proceeds to do so. The end of the text is very fragmented and not well understood, but sheds light on the gods who, although they hold great power, exhibit a dark side.
Comments.
In separate Sumerian traditions, specifically in the text referred to as Sumerian King List, Lugalbanda is known as the successor of Enmerkar as the king of Uruk, but in these Lugalbanda stories there is no such indication, and Lugalbanda appears only as one of the soldiers of king Enmerkar. In other accounts Lugalbanda is also known as the father of the mythical hero Gilgamesh, who succeeds Lugalbanda to the throne of Uruk.
Among Sumerian literary narratives including the four of Enmerkar-Aratta cycle and five known Gilgamesh stories, “Lugalbanda in the Wilderness” and its continuation “Lugalbanda and the Anzu Bird” are considered to be the most elaborate and complex texts of their period with a combined length of 1000 lines, as well as their complicated symbolism, strong mythological elements, and unpredictable plot that moves back and forth between the mundane and divine worlds.
Although earlier generations of scholars have sought behind these stories a historical reality dating back to Early Dynastic Period, such attempts are mostly based on an amalgamation of data from the epic traditions of the 2nd millennium with unclear archaeological observations. It is argued that even if the earlier oral traditions may have had an influence in the origin of these stories, the texts that have reached to us are the highly stylized and literary products of the scribes of the Ur III Period and later, and for such scribes “these texts were about the present, albeit projected into the past; indeed it is this very act of projection that marks them as fiction, not as
ethnography or history.”

</doc>
<doc id="31197500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197500" title="Saint Petersburg Theological Academy">
Saint Petersburg Theological Academy

The Saint Petersburg Theological Academy () is a theological seminary in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The academy grants master and doctorate degrees preparing theologians and priests for the Eastern Orthodox Church. It was founded in 1797 by Gabriel (Petrov), Metropolitan of Saint Petersburg, as part of the Alexander Nevsky Lavra.

</doc>
<doc id="31197506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197506" title="Radical 129">
Radical 129

Radical 129 meaning "ink brush" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 19 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197511" title="The Illuminati Quiz">
The Illuminati Quiz

The Illuminati Quiz is an annual quiz that began in the year 2008 conducted by the students of the Model Engineering College (MEC). The Quiz is organized as a tribute and a memorial to Sandeep Menon (1984-2008), the founder of The Illuminati Quiz Club. In 2004 “The Illuminatus”, or Menon, as he was commonly called, started the community called "The Illuminati", whose aim is to promote and continue the quizzing tradition within college and with the extended community. The Club has conducted over 120 intra- and inter- collegiate quizzes to date. The quiz consists of an online quiz competition and also a live quiz that consists of a preliminary written round in which six best teams qualify to the final round and battle to win the prize.
History.
Sandeep Menon, former student of the Model Engineering College (MEC) at Thrikkakara, died from a brain tumour on May 3, 2008. In his memory, his parents started a foundation called the Sandeep Menon Foundation that helps cancer patients and students who are not able to finance their studies.
First Edition.
The very first The Illuminat Quiz, held on 8 December 2008, had Thejaswi Udupa from the Karnataka Quiz Association as the quiz master.
Online Quiz.
Geo Thomas won the first online quiz of The Illuminati Quiz.
Second Edition.
The Second edition was held on 8 August 2009 at the College Auditorium. The Quizmaster was Nagadarsan Suresh, a well known quizmaster & alumnus of Model Engineering College and IIM-A. Total Prizes worth Rs. 50,000 was given. The winners were Nakul P. Sangoli and Chaitanya G. Hegde from RVCE Bangalore. Rohit S. from College of Engineering, Guindy and Balaji B from SRM University were the runners-up. Rahul Gupta and Sudarshan M. A. RVCE Bangalore stood third.
Online Quiz.
Nakul P Sangolli, RVCE Bangalore, won the online quiz
Third Edition.
In the third Illuminati quiz, held on 7 August 2010, the Quiz Master was Sadashiv N., alumnus of MEC. The winners were Amit R from RNSIT Bangalore and Vineet Raj from RVCE Bangalore. Pramod from NIT Trichy and Harish from SVCE Chennai stood in second place. Varun Rajiv and Raghuram Cadambi, NLS Bangalore bagged the third prize
Online Quiz.
The Online Quiz was won by Karthik Sivaram.
Fourth Edition.
The Fourth Edition of The Illuminati Quiz was conducted on 6 August 2011 at Bharathiya Vidya Bhavan Hall, Kochi. The Quiz Master was Sadashiv N.The quiz was won by Rohit S and Gautham Aditya of College of Engineering Guindy.
Fifth Edition.
The fifth edition was again held at the Bharathiya Vidya Bhavan Hall,Kochi.The quizmaster being Maj. Chandrakant Nair. Deepak Thomas and Prasanth John Abraham of NIT Calicut emerged winners.

</doc>
<doc id="31197521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197521" title="Yona (disambiguation)">
Yona (disambiguation)

Yona is a Pali word used to refer to speakers of Greek.
Yona may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31197522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197522" title="Jen Storer">
Jen Storer

Jen Storer (born 1961) is an Australian children's author. Many of her works have been short-listed for major Australian awards such as, the Prime Minister's Literary Awards, the Children's Book Council of Australia Book of the Year and the Aurealis Awards. Her works feature strong female characters, humour, adventure and, occasionally, elements of horror.
Biography.
The youngest of four children Jen was born in Horsham, Victoria.
Jen graduated from Monash University with a Bachelor of Arts (Honors) degree in 2000. After graduating she worked as an editor and in creative development for a publishing house in Melbourne. Jen then went on to write children's fiction published by Penguin Australia. Her first title " I Hate Sport" was published by Penguin Australia in 2004 as part of their Aussie Chomps series.
Storer lives and works as a writer in Melbourne from a studio at the Abbotsford Convent.
Nominations and awards.
Australian Publishers Association Book Design Awards 
Aurealis Award 
CBCA Book of the Year
Prime Minister's Literary Award
W.A. Young Readers Book Award (WAYRBA) 

</doc>
<doc id="31197541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197541" title="Loafer (1973 film)">
Loafer (1973 film)

Loafer is a 1973 Bollywood film directed by A. Bhimsingh. The film stars Dharmendra, Mumtaz, Padma Khanna, K.N. Singh. 
The film was a "Hit" at the box office and ranked 7th in top grossers on 1973.
Plot.
Ranjit is a shiftless loafer and pickpocket working for a gang. He falls in love with Anju, but does not know she is spying on him for the leader of a rival gang. The gang leader tries to set a trap for Ranjit, but Anju warns him and he escapes. Ranjit also tries to help his friend, an apple vendor, pretend to be rich because he has lied to his daughter and said that he is a wealthy businessman. Meanwhile, Ranjit must steal some jewels before the other gang steals them first. With the aid of a walking dog toy he tries to steal the jewels and Anju tells the gang leader that she will no longer spy on Ranjit since she has fallen in love with him too. 
Music.
Laxmikant Pyarelal has composed the music and Anand Bakshi has penned the lyrics. The song "Aaj Mausam Bada Beimaan Hai" was later used in the 2001 film "Monsoon Wedding". 

</doc>
<doc id="31197568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197568" title="Cortinarius gentilis">
Cortinarius gentilis

Cortinarius gentilis is a deadly fungus of the genus "Cortinarius", normally found in North America and Europe.
Toxicity.
In a study in Finland, dried and homogenized "C. gentilis" and "C. orenallus" mushrooms were orally introduced into a rat. Both species caused renal damage only, the changes of which corresponded to tubulo-interstitial nephritis. "C. gentilis" has been found to be nephrotoxic to rats.

</doc>
<doc id="31197569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197569" title="Toufik Benamokrane">
Toufik Benamokrane

Toufik Benamokrane (born March 22, 1980 in Souk El Ténine, Béjaïa Province) is an Algerian football. He currently plays for MC El Eulma in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Club career.
In 2007, Benamokrane joined MSP Batna after spending one season with JSM Béjaïa. In April 2010, Benamokrane was kicked off the team by team president Messaoud Zidani.

</doc>
<doc id="31197582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197582" title="Giant Baba Memorial Spectacular">
Giant Baba Memorial Spectacular

The Giant Baba Memorial Spectacular was a professional wrestling memorial event produced by the All-Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW) promotion, which took place on January 28, 2001 at the Tokyo Egg Dome in Tokyo, Japan. It was the first memorial event held in memory of AJPW founder Shohei "Giant" Baba since his death in 1999, and subsequently followed by the Giant Baba Memorial Cup and Giant Baba Memorial Six Man Tag Team Tournament a year later. Ten professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card, with two including championships.
The main event was an interpromotional Tag Team "dream match" between IWGP World Heavyweight Champion Kensuke Sasaki and All-Japan's Toshiaki Kawada against Triple Crown Heavyweight Champion Genichiro Tenryu and Hiroshi Hase, a one-time star for New Japan Pro Wrestling and then a member of the Japanese parliament. Another featured bout was a "Legends match" which saw Terry Funk team with longtime rival Atsushi Onita to take on Abdullah the Butcher and Giant Kimala, which Funk and Onita won. The event featured two other interpromotional matches on the undercard; New Japan's Jushin "Thunder" Liger defeating All Japan's Masa Fuchi and Keiji Mutoh beating Taiyō Kea. The team of Johnny Smith, Jim Steele and George Hines defeated Mike Rotunda, Curt Hennig and Barry Windham (substituting for an injured Kendall Windham). The show also included a special in-ring retirement ceremony for Stan Hansen, one of the most dominant "Gaijin heels" in the promotion's history, was honored by several wrestlers including The Destroyer and Mil Máscaras.
The event was highly anticipated according to the professional wrestling section of the Canadian Online Explorer, especially the "dream team" featured in the main event, but later reported that it attracted "a disappointing crowd of 30,000 fans". The show was aired on Nippon TV two days later.
Results.
January 28, 2001 in Tokyo, Japan (Tokyo Egg Dome)

</doc>
<doc id="31197599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197599" title="Nafisa Shah">
Nafisa Shah

Nafisa Shah () is a Member of National Assembly (MNA) from Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians (PPPP) and Vice President of Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA). During the tenure of Pakistan's PPP-led coalition government (2008–2013), Shah served as chair of the National Commission for Human Development (NCHD) and General Secretary of the Women’s Parliamentary Caucus. She has also been a member of parliamentary standing committees on Finance, Minorities, Economic Affairs and Statistics.
Shah frequently writes for publications such as The Express Tribune and The News. Her opinions are often solicited on news channels including Dawn TV, ARY News, Express 24/7, GEO News Business Plus, Samaa TV, Dunya TV, BBC, CNN and others.
Formerly, Shah was the Nazim (mayor) of Khairpur District.
Education and personal life.
Nafisa Shah was born on January 20, 1968 in Sukkur to Husn Afroze Brohi Shah and Syed Qaim Ali Shah Jilani.
She completed her O-Levels at St. Joseph’s Convent School and A-Levels at Karachi Grammar School. Upon finishing her undergraduate studies, Shah worked with Newsline and the Sustainable Development Policy Institute
Her reporting on environmental problems, development and gender issues won her acclaim at home and abroad. In 1993, Shah received All-Pakistan Newspaper Society’s Best Article of the Year award and was included on United Nations’ Global Roll of Honour.
In recognition of her groundbreaking research work, Nafisa Shah was admitted as a Chevening Scholar to the Institute of Social and Cultural Anthropology at the University of Oxford. After completing her Masters in Social and Cultural Anthropology, Shah enrolled in a doctoral program in Anthropology.
Upon returning to Pakistan in 2000 for her field research on Karo Kari (honour killings) in upper Sindh, Shah was drawn into active politics. She contested Khairpur’s local elections and won. From then on, she has worked as a committed public representative.
After spending 10 years conducting research, Shah completed her doctoral thesis on "Honour Violence, Law and Power: A Case Study of Karo Kari in Upper Sindh" at the University of Oxford in 2010. According to news sources, the examiners praised the quality of her Ph.D thesis and “said that the argument and the data mustered to support the theses were original, persuasive and lucidly and coherently presented” Her book on the topic is under publication.
Public life.
Nafisa Shah spent her childhood and teenage years actively participating in her father’s election campaigns along with her siblings. Later, she volunteered with former Prime Minister Shaheed Mohtarma Benazir Bhutto, conducting research for speeches and dealing with policy matters.
Victory during the 2001 local elections for Khairpur’s Nazim (mayor-ship) enabled Shah to implement her vision for inclusive, community supported development. By launching a successful hepatitis vaccination drive and building several schools, hospitals, museums and recreation centers, Shah set the benchmark high for her contemporaries and successors. For her remarkable administrative work in an “exclusively male-dominated” playing field, Shah was nominated for a collective Nobel Peace Prize in 2005 – a rare accomplishment, and a significant first for a Pakistani woman.
Later, she was appointed the chair of Pakistan’s National Commission for Human Development (NCHD). Discharging her responsibilities, Shah has built schools, adult literacy centers, vocational training institutes and relief camps for people displaced by floods and internal warfare. Her organization functions as a vital bridge between public and private sectors, enabling Pakistan achieve Millennium Development Goals.
For her public work, decorations and awards have followed by the dozen. Most notably, she was identified as a Young Global Leader at the World Economic Forum in 2005 and included in Newsweek Pakistan’s “100 Women Who Shake Pakistan” in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31197608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197608" title="Lugalbanda and the Anzud Bird">
Lugalbanda and the Anzud Bird

Lugalbanda and the Anzu Bird is a Sumerian mythological account. The story is sometimes called The Return of Lugalbanda or Lugalbanda II being the second of two stories about the hero Lugalbanda. The first story is known as "Lugalbanda in the Mountain Cave", or sometimes "Lugalbanda in the Wilderness". They are part of a four-story cycle that describes the conflicts between Enmerkar, king of Unug (Uruk), and the king of Aratta. The texts are believed to be composed during the Ur III Period (21st century BCE), but almost all of the extant copies come from Isin-Larsa period (20th-18th centuries BCE). Nevertheless, a few fragmentary bilingual copies (Sumerian and Akkadian) from Nineveh suggest that the texts were still known during the first millennium.
Synopsis.
This story starts with Lugalbanda alone in the highlands of Lullubi. He finds the chick of the giant Anzu (or Anzud) bird, which is described as a lion-headed eagle, and decides to feed the chick. When the Anzu bird returns, it is first startled by the chick not responding to its call, but once it finds out what happened, it is very pleased with Lugalbanda and in appreciation grants him the ability to travel at super speeds. With his newly gained super power Lugalbanda catches up with his comrades who are laying siege to the city of Aratta. But his king Enmerkar is facing problems with the siege and after a year of setbacks without success, decides to seek the advice of the goddess Inana who is back in Uruk (in the story referred to as Unug or Kulaba), pleading for her to assist him once more, as she had assisted in building a wall against the encroaching Martu in the 50th year of his reign. Finally Lugalbanda volunteers for the trip. Lugalbanda is able to travel the incredible distance over seven mountain ranges within a day's time. Inanna responds with a parable instructing Enmerkar how to wrest control of Aratta and its resources.

</doc>
<doc id="31197646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197646" title="Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt station">
Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt station

Bad Cannstatt station is the second largest station of the German city of Stuttgart after Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof and has eight platform tracks. Together with Untertürkheim station, it is the oldest station in Württemberg.
History.
During the planning of the original railway in Württemberg, the Württemberg Central Railway (), it was proposed to provided a station for the city of Cannstatt with its 5,500 inhabitants. The original proposal for the line consisted of a connection between the proposed Stuttgart Central Station to Cannstatt, where it would branch towards Esslingen and Ludwigsburg. Because of Stuttgart’s geographical location, the route via Cannstatt was the only feasible route for a railway with the technology of the time.
On 5 October 1845, the first railway in Württemberg was opened from Cannstatt to Untertürkheim. Following the completion of the Rosenstein Tunnel on 4 July 1846, the first train ran into Stuttgart station on 26 September 1846.
With increasing traffic, Cannstatt needed a new station. The old district town and spa of Cannstatt and Stuttgart had grown together. The current station building was built during the First World War.
Originally there were magnificent hotels for the many guests of the spa. A plastic sculpture, called "Schienenhaufen" (rail piles) by Karl-Heinz Franke, was installed in the forecourt in 1985, commemorating the opening of the first railway in Württemberg 140 years earlier.
A comprehensive modernisation of the station was completed for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in May 2006, after 20 months of work. Lifts were installed to provide barrier-free access to the platforms and the platform paving was renewed, while the listed platform canopies were preserved. The underpass running under the station was rebuilt with granite and the forecourt to the south facing the Cannstatter Wasen was refurbished. The costs were around € 6 million to Deutsche Bahn, with additional funds from the state's Municipal Transport Financing Act ("Gemeindeverkehrsfinanzierungsgesetz"), the City of Stuttgart and the Stuttgart Region.
Prospects.
In the course of the Stuttgart 21 rail project, various modifications to the station are planned. The tracks at the western end of the station will be replaced by new lines being built as part of the project. Platforms 2 (tracks 2 and 3) and 3 (tracks 4 and 5) will be shortened, and according to DB information will no longer be used.
Entrance building.
The first station building in Cannstatt was probably designed by Michael Knoll, who developed Karl Etzel's plans for the First Stuttgart Central Station ("Stuttgarter Centralbahnhof"). The construction of the two-story, small building commenced in 1844 parallel with the Stuttgart station. The extremely simple, narrow building in Cannstatt had ten parallel axes and a side projection. In it, on the ground floor, were the office of the station manager, two waiting rooms, the cash room and a luggage room. On the first floor were living rooms and a conference room. Close to the station building there was a turntable. A carriage and an engine shed were arranged to the left and the right symmetrically. There was also the beginning of a freight shed.
The obligation to save money and the resulting small size of the buildings soon led to problems. The crowded station buildings in Cannstatt and Ludwigsburg were noted by the director of the Württemberg railway in 1849. In 1860 two stories added to the city side of the station building and by 1886 an arcaded porch was added.
Martin Meyer designed a new station that was completed in 1915, including an entrance building with three wings. The raised middle section is covered with a hipped roof. The main facade is divided symmetrically. Three tall windows brighten the lobby. A two storey wing extends to the left and a one-storey wing extends to the right of the central building. The station administration is housed at the higher level of the left wing with its round windows. Also care was taken to build functionally and not in the neoclassical or Art Nouveau styles. The main entrance is decorated with the figures of Zeus, Hermes and Athena.
Current operations.
Bad Cannstatt station is a railway junction, where traffic from Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof on the Fils Valley Railway separates from the Rems and the Murr Railways. Here tracks 1 to 4 are used for regional traffic and tracks 5-8 are used for long-distance traffic. The tracks to and from Waiblingen run in each case between the tracks to and from Esslingen, the tracks are disentangled east of the station. Nowadays tracks 2 and 3 are used only by the S-Bahn, the other tracks are used by regional services.
Bad Cannstatt station is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 3 station.
Stadtbahn.
The station has no direct links to the Stuttgart Stadtbahn. However, it is only 200 metres from the station on Wilhelmsplatz station on the following lines:

</doc>
<doc id="31197697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197697" title="Radical 130">
Radical 130

Radical 130 meaning "meat" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 674 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197733" title="Jack Calfee">
Jack Calfee

John Edward "Jack" Calfee (March 2, 1941 – February 16, 2011) was an American economist and author. He spent 16 years as a resident scholar for the American Enterprise Institute. According to radio host Hugh Hewitt, he was one the great economic historians and regulatory analysts of the last 50 years. He was known for his work on U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulatory policy and the economics of advertising. Calfee worked as special adviser to Wendy Lee Gramm when she was Head of the Bureau of Economics. He had a degree in mathematics from Rice University, a masters degree in international relations from the University of Chicago, and a doctorate in economics from the University of California, Berkeley.
He died on February 16, 2011, at his home in Bethesda, Maryland, after a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="31197736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197736" title="Agalagama">
Agalagama

Agalagama is a village in Belihuloya, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="31197738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197738" title="Loke, Straža">
Loke, Straža

Loke is a small settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Straža in southeastern Slovenia. Traditionally the area was part of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31197756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197756" title="Nuclear energy in Kazakhstan">
Nuclear energy in Kazakhstan

As of 2013, Kazakhstan has no active nuclear power generation capacity. The country's only nuclear power plant, the BN-350 sodium-cooled fast reactor located near Aktau, was shut down in June 1999 after 26 years of operation. However, the plant's primary purpose was desalinization, not electricity generation, so its power output was limited. The country's National Nuclear Center (NNC) also operates three research reactors at the former Semipalatinsk Test Site.
In 2003, the Kazakh Minister of Energy and Mines announced plans for the construction of a new nuclear power plant by 2018. The two- or three-unit plant was to be established on the shores of Lake Balkhash in the Karaganda region of central Kazakhstan. However, these plans were later amended – on January 23, 2013, President Nursultan Nazarbayev gave the government one month to submit new proposals for the construction of a nuclear power plant. In September 2013, the Director General of the NNC, Erlan Batyrbekov, recommended the construction of a nuclear power plant to ensure Kazakh energy security.

</doc>
<doc id="31197758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197758" title="Chakilam Srinivasa Rao">
Chakilam Srinivasa Rao

Chakilam Srinivasa Rao Also Titled as "Sardar" (Feb 20 1922 – July 3, 1996) born in a highly orthodox Niyogi Brahmin family, to Sri. Chakilam Rama Rao and Smt.Chakilam Venkatamma at Vemulapalli village in Nalgonda District on February 22, 1922. He was a very prominent, eminent social and political personality of 20th century in Nalgonda District of Andhra Pradesh, India. 
He was elected thrice to the state's Legislative Assembly and had also served as Member of Parliament. 
He was a very ideal follower of Indian National Congress Party.
He was a very close and dearest associate to the then-Prime Minister's of India, Indira Gandhi, Rajiv gandhi, P.V.Narasimha Rao.
He is renowned for breaking the domination of the communists in Nalgonda district through his daring and people centred approach. Though he was from an orthodox niyogi bramhin family he was not casteist in his mind. He was loved by all strata of society for his simplicity and service-mindedness. His leadership saw the growth of congress party in a communist den. His fearless and humane behaviour endeared him even to his opponents. Several attempts on his life by his political opponents in early 1960s and 70s failed due to his sheer grit and people's loyalty to him. It is said that he was given the title 'Sardar' by people of Nalgonda. He is also lovingly called "Panthulu garu" ( pandit ji ). He was a rationalist and a strong believer in self determination and dignity of labour. His home in Nalgonda was an abode of simplicity, selflessness and service to people. He is a role model for the younger generation of politicians and youth in all fields of public life. 

</doc>
<doc id="31197762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197762" title="Podgora, Straža">
Podgora, Straža

Podgora is a settlement in the Municipality of Straža in southeastern Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region. The entire area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. 

</doc>
<doc id="31197790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197790" title="Matthew Justice">
Matthew Justice

Matthew Hannan (born March 23, 1988) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Matthew Justice. Justice performs primarily on the independent circuit in the Midwest and Eastern United States.
Early life.
Hannan grew up in Streetsboro, Ohio. As a child, he would enjoy watching professional wrestling. Having his father, Tom Hannan, being the coach for the football team at Crestwood High School, Matt was not interested in sports. He would play in local bands, but was looking for a different calling.
Professional wrestling career.
During his junior and senior years of high school, Hannan began professional wrestling when he found out about a training school in Cleveland run by a local veteran of the ring, J.T. Lightning. The school was about 25 miles from where Hannan lived so he had started heading up there a few days a week.
His ring name, Matthew Justice would originate from his first name and "Justice" coming from Hannan's love for the heavy metal band, Metallica's album "...And Justice for All".
The nickname "One Man Militia" would come from Hannan's friend and lifting partner.
He would perform in shows throughout Northeast Ohio. He would later graduate from Streetsboro High School in 2007.
He notes wrestler, Rob Van Dam as an idol and the main reason why he became a wrestler.
Pro Wrestling Ohio / Prime Wrestling (2007–present).
Hannan would debut in Pro Wrestling Ohio in an interview segment. He would soon team with Charles "White Socks" Johnson under the team name "Socks of Justice." The two defeated the team of Brian Bender and Ernie Ballz (The Clash). Later on, Johnson would be assaulted backstage by Bender and Ballz having Justice duel against both competitors unsuccessfully in a 2-on-1 handicap match. Johnson would return a week after as Socks of Justice would defeat The Clash in a tag team match. Socks of Justice would disband for Justice would defeat Jimmy DeMarco on his own.
Eventually, Justice would form another tag team with Morty Rackem, calling themselves "Pirate Justice." The team would defeat The Clash and V-Squared (Virus and Virus Grande) on multiple occasions. At the first annual Wrestlelution, Pirate Justice would unsuccessfully become the first ever PWO Tag Team Champions against Jake Crist and Vincent Nothing and V-Squared. A few weeks later, Justice would defeat Benjamin Boone and unsuccessfully face against Michael Montecarlo.
Going into 2009, Justice would be defeated by Bill Collier, Super Hentai, and Benjamin Boone. Pirate Justice would later lose to the team of Greg Valentine and Jim Neidhart for the PWO Tag Team Titles. At Wrestlelution 2, Justice would defeat Rackem in a Pirate Rules match.
Later in 2011, proior to his departure, Justice would be defeated by Bobby Beverly for the PWO Television Title.
Justice would return to PWO on December 13, 2011. The following week, Justice defeated Benjamin Boone. Justice would seek revenge on The 
Dead Wrestling Society leading up to him being defeated by Kirst at Wrestlelution 5.
On the February 10, 2013 edition of Prime Wrestling, Hannan would return once again being announced as the third man in a 6-Man Tag Team Match at the upcoming Internet pay-per-view, Pressure Rising.
At Pressure Rising, Justice would turn heel on Prime Wrestling Commissioner, Justin LaBar, Matt Cross, and Gregory Iron as he pretended to suffer a knee injury during the match, making it a 3-on-1 handicap match only to later come out and assault Cross with LaBar's stolen laptop to allow Vic Travagliante to become the new permanent Commissioner.
On the April 21, 2013 edition of Prime Wrestling, Justice would defeat Facade for the Prime Television Championship due to an interference by Justice's girlfriend, Marti Belle. The two would have a celebratory kiss afterward.
At Wrestlelution 6 on October 20, Justice would lose the Prime Television Title to Matt Cross.
World Wrestling Entertainment (2010, 2011).
On the May 10, 2010 edition of Raw at the Mellon Arena in Pittsburgh, PA, Hannan lost in a dark match against Dos Caras, Jr.. Hannan made his WWE television debut as a jobber on the June 13, 2010 episode of WWE Superstars where he faced the team of Vance Archer and Curt Hawkins under the ring name Matthew Busch. Hannan once again appeared on the January 28, 2011 edition of WWE Smackdown again facing off against Alberto Del Rio in an exhibition Royal Rumble match under the ring name Mike Stevens.
On March 18, 2011, Hannan signed a WWE developmental contract, and was assigned to their developmental territory FCW (Florida Championship Wrestling) located in Tampa, Florida under the ring name Mack Hetfield. After spending six months in Florida, he was released in September 2011.
Other media.
Hannan has also appeared as an extra in three feature films, "Abduction", starring Taylor Lautner and Sigourney Weaver. He appeared in "Warrior", starring Tom Hardy and Nick Nolte. Finally, he has appeared in "Jack Reacher" as a bartender, starring Tom Cruise.
Hannan is also featured in Cleveland, Ohio based alternative metal band Mushroomhead's music video for their single "Come On" from the album "Beautiful Stories for Ugly Children". The video aired on MTV2's Headbangers Ball.
Before moving back home, Hannan had lived in New York for a year.
In January 2013, Hannan and his family had opened up a gym, "Boro Barbell" in his hometown of Streetsboro, Ohio. Before opening the gym, he would call his dad to tell him about the idea. He would receive help from his dad with financing and help from his twin brothers, Jon and Pete with the construction and painting.

</doc>
<doc id="31197796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197796" title="PhpLiteAdmin">
PhpLiteAdmin

phpLiteAdmin is an open source tool written in PHP intended to handle the administration of SQLite over the World Wide Web. Its feature set, interface, and overall user experience is comparable to that of phpMyAdmin for MySQL. In the same way that SQLite is a flat file database, phpLiteAdmin is distributed in the form of a single PHP file (currently approx. 200 KiB in size). Its ease of installation, portability, and small size go hand in hand with SQLite.

</doc>
<doc id="31197801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197801" title="Radical 131">
Radical 131

Radical 131 meaning "minister" or "official" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 16 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197802" title="2011 Women's National Invitation Tournament">
2011 Women's National Invitation Tournament

The 2011 Women's National Invitation Tournament (WNIT) is a single-elimination tournament of 64 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I teams that did not participate in the 2011 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament. The tournament is played entirely on campus sites. The highest ranked team in each conference that did not receive a bid to the NCAA Tournament received an automatic bid to this tournament. The remaining slots were filled by the WNIT Selection Committee.
2010 Preseason WNIT.
At the beginning of the season, there is a Preseason WNIT.
Semifinals and Finals.
Note: Asterisk denotes home team
2011 Postseason WNIT.
The 2011 Women's National Invitation Tournament (WNIT) is a single-elimination tournament of 64 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I teams that did not participate in the 2010 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament. The 43rd annual tournament was played from March 16, 2011 to April 2, 2011, entirely on campus sites. The highest ranked team in each conference that did not receive a bid to the NCAA Tournament received an automatic bid to this tournament. The remaining slots were filled by the WNIT Selection Committee.
Brackets.
Results to date "(* by score indicates game went to overtime; H indicates host school)":
NIT Semifinals and NIT Championship Game.
Played at host schools

</doc>
<doc id="31197810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197810" title="Nuclear energy in Venezuela">
Nuclear energy in Venezuela

In 2010 Venezuela announced plans to build a nuclear power station, with support from Russia.
After the 2011 Fukushima nuclear incident, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announced a halt to plans on building a NPP. [http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-03-16/chavez-halts-venezuela-nuclear-plans-after-japanese-crisis.html]

</doc>
<doc id="31197814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197814" title="The Road from Elephant Pass (film)">
The Road from Elephant Pass (film)

The Road from Elephant Pass is a 2008 action thriller film, based on the Sri Lankan Civil War, produced, screen played and directed by Chandran Rutnam based on the novel "The Road from Elephants Pass" by Nihal De Silva.
Plot.
A LTTE carder called "Kamala Velaithan" is surrendered to the Sri Lanka Army and she was handed over to captain "Wasantha" in order to bring her to colombo IBM headquarters. She has important inside information for the army which would lead to an attack on the LTTE leader. Her brother was killed by the LTTE for trying to desert it. When they started the journey the jeep was attacked by LTTE. So both of them leave there and arrives Periyumbutur by a boat. Then, due to the attack faced before, his head is injured. So she wraps his head with a cloth and says not to speak anything. Both pass LTTE & ARMY points and continue the journey. Meanwhile both fall love immensely with each other.
At last he goes hand over Kamala to IBM and there she reveals that the things she said about a big news is a lie and asks his pardon. Captain Wasantha was angry, but he couldn't say anything because Brigadier called him to come with Kamala. Both goes and BGD asks the information from Wasantha. He says a date and a time which he pondered. However, SL air force attacked the place and a group of top LTTE leaders were killed. Meanwhile, Captain leaves to Elephant Pass(Alimankada) and it was attacked by LTTE and his mother receives a letter that he is missing while the operation was going. His mother falls on a chair with crying.
After several years, Kamala and Wasantha are smiling and playing with their child at a flat in Toronto, Canada according to the movie.
Cast.
Credited casts
Rest of casts listed alphabetically

</doc>
<doc id="31197822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197822" title="Leonardo's crossbow">
Leonardo's crossbow

Leonardo's crossbow is a type of shooting weapon designed by Leonardo da Vinci, whose drawings are in the "Codex Atlanticus". Never constructed by its designer, it was instead built to a scale of 1:1, as shown in the Discovery Channel documentary "Doing DaVinci". The episode aired for the first time on 23 August 2010. The original idea of Leonardo, as described in the drawings of the "Atlantic Codex" (1488–1489), was to build a giant crossbow in order to increase the range of the dart.

</doc>
<doc id="31197826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197826" title="Nuclear energy in Uruguay">
Nuclear energy in Uruguay

The use of nuclear energy in Uruguay is prohibited by law 16.832 of 1997. Despite this, the country has several institutions that regulate its use, such as the "Centro de Investigaciones Nucleares" (Centre for Nuclear Research) or the "Autoridad Reguladora Nacional en Radioprotección".
Furthermore, for several years Uruguay had a small nuclear reactor for research and personnel training. It was brought from the United States in 1964 and began to work in the building of the Centre for Nuclear Research in Malvin Norte in 1978. It was turned off following the detection of corrosion in 1985 and all nuclear fuel was removed. A year later, the Chernobyl and Goiânia nuclear accidents occurred. This influenced public opinion when in 1988 —during the first presidency of Julio Maria Sanguinetti— a cooperation agreement in atomic energy between Uruguay and Canadawas signed, including the planned construction of a nuclear plant in Paso de los Toros. The announcement caused social unrest and opened a debate on nuclear energy. As a result not only did Parliament not ratify the agreement, but they passed a law prohibiting nuclear energy in the country.
The energy crisis in Uruguay led to Uruguay reopening the nuclear debate under the presidence of Tabaré Vázquez, when the executive branch established a multiparty committee devoted to the study of the use of nuclear energy to generate electricity and the installation of a nuclear power plant. The Fukushima accident also stimulated political and social discussion. In July 2011 the government announced that Uruguay was soon to enter Phase 1 of an evaluation of nuclear energy, providing 10 million Uruguayan pesos from the national budget to hire specialist consultants, consult the population and review the human resources and technology available.
Institutions.
Autoridad Reguladora Nacional en Radioprotección.
The "Autoridad Reguladora Nacional en Radioprotección" (National Regulation Authority on Radiological Protection) depends on the Ministry of Industry, Energy and Mining. It was created by articles 173 and 174 of Law 17930 of December 19, 2005, and is the only one in Uruguay controlling emissions of ionizing radiations. It has technical and professional independence and is not linked to any institution related to nuclear energy except those that control the safety of who are exposed to emissions.
Comisión Nacional de Energía Atómica.
Since adoption of Law 15809 (article 342) which created the National Office of Nuclear Technology, the "Comisión Nacional de Energía Atómica" (National Atomic Energy Commission) came to be chaired by the director of the new executive unit, and became committed to advise the Executive on concerning national and international nuclear policy. In January 1996 the Commission was merged with the National Office of Nuclear Technology.
Dirección Nacional de Tecnología Nuclear.
The Dirección Nacional de Tecnología Nuclear (National Office of Nuclear Technology) was created by Law 15809 (art. 340) in 1986, with the mission to run the «subprogram "Promotion of Nuclear Technology" onto the program "Research for Application of Nuclear Energy", which will be responsible for plan, coordinate and undertake advocacy of nuclear techmology, acting on the basis of general guidelines established by the National Nuclear Policy».
Centro de Investigaciones Nucleares.
The Centro de Investigaciones Nucleares ("Centre of Nuclear Research", abbreviated as CIN) was established in 1966 as a multidisciplinary research institute, within the framework of an agreement between the University of the Republic (Udelar) and Comisión Nacional de Energía Atómica. With the creation of Udelar's School of Sciences in 1990, the Central Directing Council of the university decided to incorporate the institute within the scope of this school. The CIN is the only infrastructure in the country ready, equipped and which has trained personnel to work and handle radioactive materials.
History.
Purchase and installation of a nuclear research reactor.
In 1964 the United States government organized, in the US, a conference titled "Atoms for Peace", to which was brought a small low-powered reactor for research purposes. When finished, the Uruguayan government offered to buy it from the United States. Therefore both governments —with the assistance of the International Atomic Energy Agency— signed a leasing agreement in 1965 under which the United States transferred 16049,57 g of uranium to Uruguay —of which 3182.63 g were of uranium-235— in order to be used as reactor fuel; and fissile materials consisting of a 5-curie-plutonium-beryllium neutron source with 79.98 grams of plutonium and two fission counters each containing 1.51 grams of isotope 235U in 1.68 grams of uranium. In a second agreement, United States transferred to Uruguay the research reactor, and promised to provide technical assistance with installation. In return, Uruguay agreed to pay for the reactor, the fees for the use of nuclear fuel and agreed to not transfer under any circumstances this fuel to third states outside the agreement.
The 100 KW reactor was originally launched between 1959 and 1962 during the exhibition of the Atomic Energy Commission of United States to South America, and was settled in Uruguay in the 1970s for educational, research and technical staff training purposes, placed in the building of the Centro de Investigaciones Nucleares (Malvín Norte). Half of the building was intended for the reactor, manufactured by Lockheed Nuclear Products of Marietta (Georgia), purchased with a state investment of two million Uruguayan pesos of that time, including installation costs. Subsequently Uruguay invested 20 million Uruguayan pesos from the government budget to construct the building and put it into operation. Law 13640, article 259 established that the reactor was the property of Uruguayan government and remained under the purview of the Comisión Nacional de Energía Atómica.
This reactor was operational from late 1970s to 1985, when it was shut down due to corrosion problems; and fuel elements were removed from the core and put into dry storage, waiting to be transported to United States. The installation of this facility did not have any public opinion controversies.
Announcement of a nuclear plant.
A year after Goiânia accident and two after Chernobyl disaster, Uruguay began talks with Canada during the first presidency of Julio María Sanguinetti which advanced until the signing of a cooperation agreement on nuclear energy between the countries in 1988, a fact not known until Earth Summit (1992). The agreement was almost ratified in Parliament in 1992, during presidency of Luis Alberto Lacalle. Also a work group was created, which purpose was to evaluate the possibility of use this way to generate electricity in Uruguay.
Even though the installation of a nuclear power plant was not mentioned in the agreement, the second article of a report - signed by all political parties and elevated to consideration by the House of Representatives at the regular meeting of August 18, 1992 - established that the installation of nuclear power plants that could result from the implementation of article 215 of Law 16.226 based on the agreement, would require approval by law.
The 1992 announcement of the possible construction of a nuclear power plant with loans from the International Atomic Energy Agency in Paso de los Toros caused concern and generated various social movements, which was partially attributed to the recency of the Chernobyl disaster. Mass meetings to inform people about this issue were held in the city of Rivera and the city of Tacuarembó, this latter attended by more than 400 people. Also, the Departmental Board of Artigas made a statement on the matter, and the Local Board of Paso de los Toros declared itself to be against the project. Even children of Paso de los Toros sent letters to senators and representatives of the Uruguayan parliament to vote against the installation of a nuclear power facility. About 6000 people marched in protest occupying the entire road bridge over the Negro River, joined by people from Montevideo and from other places of the country. These social manifestations were held by the citizens themselves without the participation of political parties. These movements ended with adoption in 1997 of Law 16.832, containing article 27, which bans the use of nuclear energy in the country.
Law 16832 and dismantling of the reactor.
Starting from entry into force of the law, the CIN reactor was deactivated, dismantled and returned to United States. After that, 1.2 million Uruguayan pesos from national budget of 2001 were assigned for the dissasembly of the facilities which housed the reactor and for the management and disposal of radioactive waste generated by past use of the device. Since then, the CIN facilities designed to host it remain empty.
In 2004, Senator Sergio Abreu Bonilla submitted a bill to repeal this law in order to allow an investigation into the feasibility of using nuclear power, but this was unsuccessful.
There was no further mention of the nuclear issue at a national level until 2007, when the Executive branch under presidency of Tabaré Vázquez created a multiparty commission (called "Tribunal Ciudadano") devoted to the study of the use of nuclear energy to generate electricity, following standards recommended by the International Atomic Energy Agency. This reopened the national debate on nuclear power and convenience of installing a nuclear plant due to the country's energy crisis.
New debates.
When the issue was reopened, opinions were heard from experts, politicians, media and the military. According to Diva Puig, a consultant in nuclear energy for Latin America of the IAEA, “the discussion about nuclear energy (...) must not exclude any sectors of society”. Justo Laiz, director of CIN, agreed with her, opining that “I do not agree that this issue to be discussed only on a political point of view” because “energy issues should be part of scientific discussions and decisions”.
About the possibility of installing a nuclear power plant, Puig said: "Since Uruguay is in the world, I see no alternative to produce energy on a large scale". Meanwhile, Laiz said: "A nuclear power plant has many advantages, has zero pollution, but has a risk, and before taking the decision it should be studied if a country has the conditions to provide a system with maximum security. Regarding nuclear energy, no possible risk can be discarded ".
Hinia Balter, director of Centro de Energía Nuclear of Udelar's Sciences School, said that “a reactor would be cover the demand, and perhaps energy could even be sold to neighboring countries (...) A nuclear power plant is by far less polluting than thermal” and radioactive waste produced can be “contained, shielded and securely stored, following certain protocols”.
The process of installing the plant and train personnel could take 10 to 15 years, and in 2008 had a cost estimated at around 3,500 million euros. It would require training in diverse fields such as physics and nuclear engineering, lawyers in the field, and a nuclear research reactor for training, like the one used in the 1970s. One of the problem is the total lack of professionals in the area currently available. IAEA helps countries by providing expertise and training if a state decides to create a nuclear power plant with all guarantees.
In 2010, none of the "Tribunal Ciudadano"'s members were in favor of the possibility of launching a nuclear-electric plan from 2030; however, they said that they would accept it if technological advancements minimized the risk associated, or if future studies provided information not currently available.
The issue again became center of public debate after the Fukushima Daiichi incident. In July 2011 the government announced that Uruguay would soon enter Phase 1 of the evaluation of nuclear energy, assigning a budget of 10 million UYU, aimed at the recruitment of specialist advisers chosen by tender. Other objectives are to addess the human resources and technology available, and consult the people.
Moreover, in a less populated country such as Uruguay, the aforementioned costs are not profitable at all due to the scale of the local economy. In addition, the growing investment in renewable energies and exploration of the presence of oil in Uruguay have pushed the nuclear debate to the background. According to Ramón Mendez:
Legislation.
As early as 1937 there was legislation on the matter, as regards retirement benefits for people who by reason of their work must perform tasks that expose them to X-ray or radium radiations, or require to manipulate those elements.
In 1997, Law 16832 —titled "Updating the National Electric System and the creation of the Energy Regulation Unit"— was approved, and in article 27 it established the prohibition of the use of nuclear energy in Uruguay, as follows:
Also was enacted Law 19056 about "Radiation Protection and Safety of Persons, Properties and Environment", which was intended to establish general parameters for prevention and procedures to ""ensure the radiation protection and safety regarding protection of occupationally exposed personnel, to the general public, properties, and the environment, from the adverse effects of radiations, avoiding or minimizing risks and radiation-induced damages, also ensuring the physical protection of the sources and buildings"".
In the context of the obligations assumed by the country internationally, Uruguay signed or ratified the following treaties about nuclear energy and related issues:
Nearby nuclear power plants abroad.
Due to its proximity, the government of Uruguay is closely monitoring Atucha I Nuclear Power Plant, located only 70 kilometers from Colonia del Sacramento and 295 km from Montevideo, which began operating in 1974.
Opinion polls.
Between October 2010 and March 2011, polling company Factum performed a survey on a sample of the population to assess their agreement or disagreement about the installation of a nuclear power plant in Uruguayan territory and their feeling about these nuclear plants, the first one being in October 2010 (before Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster) and the next one being after, in March 2011.
From these, the following data were obtained:

</doc>
<doc id="31197832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197832" title="Radical 132">
Radical 132

Radical 132 meaning "self" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 34 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197834" title="Out of the Blue (1931 film)">
Out of the Blue (1931 film)

Out of the Blue is a 1931 British musical film directed by Gene Gerrard and starring Gerrard, Jessie Matthews and Kay Hammond. It was Matthew's first major film role. A baronet's daughter falls in love with a radio star who is engaged to marry her sister. The film was not a success, but led to Matthews being cast in "There Goes the Bride". John Orton served as a supervising director.

</doc>
<doc id="31197837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197837" title="Development Credit Bank">
Development Credit Bank

DCB Bank (Formerly Development Credit Bank Ltd.) is private sector scheduled commercial bank in India. It has a network of 130 branches and 236 ATMs in the country. It offers products to individuals, small and medium businesses, rural banking and corporates in selective regions. 
The Bank is present in 16 states and 2 Union Territories. Metros having DCB Bank branches are Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Gurgaon, Hyderabad Kolkata, Mumbai and Pune. The Bank has dedicated rural banking branches in Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha and Rajasthan. 
Other DCB Bank locations are; State of Gujarat - Ahmedabad, Ankleshwar, Bhuj, Daman (Union Territory), Gandhinagar, Rajkot, Sidhpur, Silvassa (Union Territory), Surat, Vapi and Vadodara. Branches in the state of Goa - Mapusa, Margao, Panjim and Vasco. Branches in Rajasthan - Jaipur and Jodhpur. DCB Bank has recently inaugurated a branch at Minjur, Tamil Nadu.
The Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED) in the promoter of the Bank with around 18% stake. Public shareholding under the Resident Individual category is approximately 39.4%. The Bank received the Scheduled Commercial Bank licence from the Reserve Bank of India on 31 May 1995.
DCB Bank's financial products and services range from loans for Small and medium enterprises, Wealth Management, banking for Non Resident Indians, Internet Banking, Mobile Banking, Business Finance, Home Loans . It also offers banking solutions for resident Indians such as savings account, current account, fixed deposit, recurring deposit, PayLess Credit Card, international Debit cum ATM card, insurance products and financial services like Electronic funds transfer (NEFT & RTGS), online income tax payment, online bill payment for utilities, card to card money transfer, DCB on the Go - instant mobile banking, SMS banking, telephone banking, Visa money transfer, foreign exchange remittance service amongst others.
History.
Founded in the 1930s, in Mumbai from a series of Co-operative bank mergers with the Ismailia Co-operative Bank Limited and the Masalawala Co-operative Bank respectively. These 2 banks later merged to form Development Co-operative Bank, that changed to Development Credit Bank after it was granted the scheduled bank license by the Reserve Bank of India in May 1995. The Bank went on to successfully offer shares to the public by an Initial Public Offering (IPO) in 2006. DCB Bank Limited is the new name of the Bank, changed with due regulatory approval in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31197841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197841" title="Nuclear energy in Argentina">
Nuclear energy in Argentina

In Argentina, about 4% of the electricity comes from 3 operational nuclear reactors: The Embalse Nuclear Power Station, a CANDU6 reactor, and the Atucha 1 plant, a PHWR German design. In 2001, the plant was modified to burn Slightly Enriched Uranium, making it the first PHWR reactor to burn that fuel worldwide. Atucha originally was planned to be a complex with various reactors. Atucha 2 (similar to Atucha1 but more powerful) began to produce energy on June 3, 2014, is expected to produce 745MWh. Plans for Atucha III, a third reactor in the Atucha complex, have been announced.
Argentina also has some other research reactors, and exports nuclear technology. Nucleoeléctrica of Argentina and Atomic Energy of Canada Limited are negotiating over the contracts and project delivery model for a new 740 MWe Candu  nuclear power plant.

</doc>
<doc id="31197849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197849" title="Mine appollo">
Mine appollo

Mine Apollo is the most famous instant noodle in Mauritius.
They are ready-to-cook packed noodles and are manufactured in Mauritius. The noodles are sold in 85g serving size packets, originally in four different flavours: Chicken, Prawns, Curry and Vegetables which are in a red packaging, blue packaging, yellow packaging and green packaging respectively (Color of the Mauritian flag).
They are exported to countries like England and Ireland.
As of 2012, there are 3 new flavors: Tom Yum, Pepper seafood and Chicken & Corn

</doc>
<doc id="31197854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197854" title="Georgia Keeps Pulling on My Ring">
Georgia Keeps Pulling on My Ring

"Georgia Keeps Pulling on My Ring" is a single co-written and originally recorded by Little David Wilkins. It was released in 1974, peaking at number 50 on the U.S. country singles charts.
It was later covered American country music artist Conway Twitty. Released in October 1977, it was the first single from his album "Georgia Keeps Pulling on My Ring". The song peaked at number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31197863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197863" title="Radical 133">
Radical 133

Radical 133 meaning "arrive" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 24 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197874" title="Buchanan (band)">
Buchanan (band)

Buchanan are an alternative rock band formed in late 2009. The band is the project of English-born Josh Simons in collaboration with friends. The band are currently promoting their debut studio album, "Human Spring", which was first released in Australia and New Zealand on May 10, 2013 and is set for a worldwide release on September 12, 2014.
History.
Early years and "No Photo - EP" (2009–2012).
The band recorded their debut record "The Safety Beach E.P." in April 2010. Featuring production by Tim Cross (former Mike Oldfield collaborator) the collection of demos was released on iTunes in May 2010. The band were shortly after invited to showcase for several record labels. Deciding to steel themselves and avoid hasty commitment, the band headed back to the studio to develop more material and record the follow-up.
Triple J debuted "Mr Keeperman" on Australian national radio on 19 September 2010. The band would go on to be featured on the Triple J Unearthed page and podcast.
In November 2010, the band released a single called "Teachers" independently via TuneCore. The single was a Triple J hit, immediately added to high rotation and gained a five out of five star rating from Richard Kingsmill and multiple additions to The Hype Machine. 
In early 2011, the band played their first full electric shows in Sydney and Melbourne, playing to sold out venues with the likes of Gypsy and the Cat, Kimbra, Georgia Fair and Alpine. In February 2011 the band won the Triple J Unearthed competition and were invited to play the esteemed Laneway festival in Melbourne, playing alongside Foals, Two Door Cinema Club and Cut Copy.
On 29 April 2011, the band released their first mass-produced record, "No Photo - EP", to a strong critical reception. Distributed via Inertia Records, "Zoo Weekly" gave the release four stars, comparing the songs to "Phoenix, with the emotional gravitas of Mumford & Sons and the instrumental dexterity of Sigur Rós." "MX" newspaper gave the release three and a half stars describing the music as "considered indie pop." The band held residency throughout the month of release at Northcote Social Club as well as supporting Tim & Jean to promote the release.
In June 2011, Buchanan embarked on their first national tour in support of second single "Mr Keeperman", playing shows in Adelaide, Sydney and Melbourne including supports with Jinja Safari, Trial Kennedy and Papa Vs Pretty. To promote the tour, the band appeared live on Triple J, Sea FM, Star FM, Joy FM, Channel 31 and on BalconyTV to perform acoustically. On 23 August 2011 the band's single "Mr Keeperman" debuted at number six on the Australian AMRAP community radio charts after being released to air as a single.
"Human Spring" (2012–present).
In March 2012, the band released "Run Faster", a warm-up single for their forthcoming debut album, to positive critical reviews. In May 2012, the song was added to rotation on Austereo's Radar Radio. In July 2012, Buchanan won Austereo's Radar Unsigned Find competition, marking the band as the first to be recognised nationally in unsigned competitions from both Triple J and the Austereo Radio Network. In August 2012, the song was added to high rotation on Triple J. The song spent nine consecutive weeks in the AIR Charts, reaching number 3 on the 100% Independent Radio Charts and number 12 on the Independent Label Radio Charts. The song was the 99th most played song on Triple J in 2012.
In October 2012, the band announced on their social media pages that they were embarking on a national tour of Australia throughout November and December. To coincide with the tour, the band offered a free download of a new B-side from their forthcoming debut album. The track, "When The Sun Comes Round Again", was made available for free from the band's official site.
In April 2013, the band announced their debut studio album, "Human Spring", would go on sale in Australia and New Zealand on May 10, 2013. The album, released under Simons' own label Raw Imagination People Expect, was met with extremely positive critical reviews. "Tone Deaf" gave the album 9/10 calling it a "tremendous debut" while "Zoo Weekly" gave the album an 8/10. The album was produced by Catherine Marks with additional production by frequent collaborator Tim Cross. It was recorded at various studios in Australia and the UK over the past 18 months. Andy Baldwin was hired to mix the record with the band choosing to master the album at Abbey Road with Geoff Pesche. The band released the title track, "Human Spring", on April 12 as the second single off the album. Triple J added the single to high rotation immediately. The song reached number 10 on the AIR 100% Independent Radio Charts where it spent three weeks.
In June 2013, the band performed live on Triple J for Like a Version, performing a cover of Frank Ocean's "Thinkin Bout You". In July, the band released a new single from the album, "Par Avion", to coincide with a national headline tour of Australia. The band was also announced as part of the BIGSOUND Festival lineup for September 2013.
In August 2013, both the band's single and album of the same name, "Human Spring", debuted at number 10 on the FMQB Sub-modern radio charts in North America, peaking at number 8. In April 2014 the band announced the release of the album worldwide, setting a September release date for the record. To promote it, the band are putting out a single from the album every three weeks in the lead up to the September release. "Temperamentally" hit number 30 on the iTunes US Alternative charts following the release of the single's lyric video.

</doc>
<doc id="31197885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197885" title="Trolleybuses in London">
Trolleybuses in London

Trolleybuses served the London Passenger Transport Area for just over 30 years in the mid twentieth century. For much of its life, the London system was the largest in the world. It had 68 routes, and a maximum fleet of 1811 trolleybuses.
History.
The first 60 trolleybuses were operated by London United Tramways (LUT), from a depot at Fulwell in south-west London. They were nicknamed "Diddlers" and first ran on .
In 1933 LUT was absorbed into the London Passenger Transport Board along with other tram operators. The LPTB decided to replace all trams with trolleybuses. This was started in October 1935 with two more former LUT routes, and continued in stages until June 1940, when it was suspended because of the war. By then nearly all the trams north of the Thames had been replaced, but there were still 1100 trams in use in south London. In 1946 it was decided that the remaining trams would be replaced by diesel buses. Trolleybuses were bigger than diesel buses (70 seats compared to 56), and so more diesel buses would be required. It was thought, however, that there would be fewer uncollected fares on the smaller vehicles.
In 1948 a new batch of 77 trolleybuses replaced the Diddlers and trolleybuses that had been destroyed by enemy action. A further 50 new trolleybuses were delivered in 1952 to replace the oldest vehicles, which were then 16 years old.
In 1954, it was announced that all trolleybuses were to be replaced with the exception of the post-war vehicles, which would be retained until about 1970 and run over the original LUT routes. Conversion began in 1959, using RT buses for the first three stages and new Routemasters for the remainder.
A consortium of Spanish operators bought the post-war vehicles. The former LUT routes were the last to be converted to diesel buses, on .
Fleet.
The trolleybuses were designed and built specifically to be worthy tram replacements. Like the trams, they were large high-capacity double deckers, with rapid acceleration. They had three axles (necessary as 30 feet long), and were much quieter in operation than contemporary trams or diesel buses.
Apart from the Diddlers and a few experimental vehicles, most London trolleybuses were near-identical. There was an exception: in 1941 and 1943 London Transport acquired 43 trolleybuses that had been ordered for South Africa but could not be shipped there because of the war. These vehicles were allocated to Ilford depot.
One experimental vehicle was proposed to be the forerunner of a fleet that would use the Kingsway tram subway, but the change of policy after the war meant that this was never carried out.
Some trolleybuses are now preserved in the United Kingdom and abroad.
One of the 1948 vehicles has also been brought back from Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="31197889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197889" title="Radical 134">
Radical 134

Radical 134 meaning "mortar" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 71 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197891" title="Short and Sweet">
Short and Sweet

Short and Sweet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31197898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197898" title="I Can't Love You Enough">
I Can't Love You Enough

"I Can't Love You Enough" is a song written by Troy Seals and Max D. Barnes, and recorded by American country music artists Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn as a duet. It was released in May 1977 as the first single from their album "Dynamic Duo". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31197916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197916" title="Cold Forty Three">
Cold Forty Three

Cold Forty Three (Cold 40*3) is an American Pop/Punk band from Los Angeles, CA. The band consists of vocalist and guitarist Moises Cruz, vocalist and bass guitarist Joshua Cruz, drummer "Ricky" James Acosta. With original lead guitarist Alex Sayes and former drummer Rene Haro, the band achieved moderate success after releasing their debut album "From the Garage to Your Speakers”.
Formation (2006-2007).
Moises Cruz, Joshua Cruz and Ricky James Acosta grew up together on the same street and in 2006, after each of their previous bands split, they formed their own band. Due to prior engagements, Ricky James Acosta was forced to leave the band in early 2007. Not wanting to leave the band without a drummer, he introduced to the band his friend, and fellow drummer, Rene Haro. Rene Haro appeared during rehearsals and was hired soon after. The band also hired Alex Sayes to play lead guitar.
Early Albums and Moderate Success (2008).
The band recorded various demos and filmed a music video for their single "Cheating B**ch." The publicity eventually allowed the band to play many different, legendary Los Angeles venues, including The Whiskey A Go Go, The Roxy Theater, The El Rey Theatre, The Troubadour and other various bars and clubs on the Sunset Strip. In early 2008, the band began writing music for their first, full-length EP, which would eventually become "From The Garage to Your Speakers”. During the writing process, Joshua Cruz contacted Tomas Costanza, producer, vocalist and guitarist for the band, Diffuser, to discuss the possibility of working with the band on the record. After reviewing the band's demos, Tomas Costanza agreed to produce the record.
TV Show, Record Release and Line-up Changes (2008-2009).
While producing Cold Forty Three’s first record, the band was approached by television network, FUSE, to be featured in a series called Rock Bottom. The show focused on, former drummer, Rene Haro's habitual marijuana use and the internal band conflicts that it caused. Meanwhile, the band's lead guitarist, Alex Sayes, was forced to leave the band permanently due to legal issues dealing with sex with a minor. He served time in 2009. While filming for the reality television show, the band signed with Chamberlain Records and finished recording their debut record, "From the Garage to Your Speakers". The band decided to release the record on October 11, 2008, the same day Fuse aired Rock Bottom, featuring Cold Forty Three. After the episode was debuted, reviews were well received by fans and critics alike. 
Through 2009, the remaining members of the band toured the US extensively in support of the new record. Rene Haro's substance abuse continued, as well as his desire to leave the band because of a girl he met on-line, leaving him unable to perform during shows, this forced the band to ask him to leave in July 2009. Ricky James Acosta was tapped by the band to re-join and they continued on with their tour.
Continued Touring, New Record and Warped Tour announcement (2009-2012).
Not wanting to lose the momentum gained from touring, the band decided to follow Blink-182's 2009 reunion tour, as well as, the 2010 Vans Warped Tour. Both of these decisions gained the band veneration with both camps, with the latter allowing the band to play 4 dates on the Kevin Says stage as well as the Ernie Ball Stage. The opportunity to play at the 2010 Vans Warped Tour, as well as, the hard work that they put in behind the scenes prompted Kevin Lyman to invite the band back to play the 2011 Vans Warped Tour. The band also began writing music for their second, full length record while on the road. Recording began in October 2010 and wrapped it up in December 2010. Around this time, the band tapped long-time friend, and fellow musician, Matthew “Machete” Flores, to act as their touring lead guitarist on their upcoming 2011 US tour. On March 9, 2011, Cold Forty Three was officially announced on the 2011 Vans Warped Tour website. CFT completed the 2011 Vans Warped tour and took a much needed break. In Nov. 2011 they announced that Matthew Flores would no longer be touring with the band, and the said that they would be looking for a replacement guitarist. They are scheduled for the "End Of The World" headlining tour that will take them throughout the U.S. and a few dates in Canada, with 200 West from Los Angeles CA, and Last Chance Casanova, from Joplin MO. CFT is currently in the studio working on an EP they hope will be released before the summer of 2012. CFT was officially announced to perform on the 2012 Vans Warped Tour for the entire summer on Feb. 29, 2012. Also the band announced that Johnny Young of the band Hookah Stew, will be joining them on tour in 2012. He rejoined Hookahstew after the summer.
Launch Party Album (2012-2013).
The band has stated that they would be releasing an album in Dec, 2012, but their touring schedule did not allow them to achieve this, so far. The band performed two new songs during the summer on the 2012 Vans Warped Tour, that most likely will be included on the Launch Party Album. The songs were called" never thought we'd make it" and "STYX"; with the latter being released on limited edition download cards, that were included when fans purchased merchandise during the Warped Tour. The reception to "STYX" was a positive one, with the band displaying a much more "hardcore" edge, as Joshua Cruz screams his way thru the bridge. 
"I never knew how to scream, or even tried it. I just kinda...went for it...I suppose. I have a lot to work on, to get to the level of some real screamers, like Austin Carlile, or guys like that."
The band is currently unsigned as their deal with Chamberlain Records expired, with the band saying that "we don't need a label to get our music out there. We have plenty of people listening and we have enough experience, that we can just start our own label and release things ourselves" Moses was quoted as saying. "But if the right deal comes up, then we'll definetely entertain the idea as long as it makes sense for all parties involved". Currently the band is planning on using their time off on working on the album, and finding a producer who is the "best fit" for the band. Ricky James was quoted, "if it takes all year, we'll work on the record all year. We don't want to just put something out, if we're not gonna be happy with it. So, expect us to kinda take our time with it."
In August of 2013, filming for "Hundred Dollar Bail" began and is expected to be released before the holidays. There are also rumors of CFT signing a new deal with another indie label.

</doc>
<doc id="31197919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197919" title="Feridun Hamdullahpur">
Feridun Hamdullahpur

Feridun Hamdullahpur (born in Turkey) is the current president of the University of Waterloo. Hamdullahpur was named the seventh president of the University of Waterloo in March 2011.
Education.
Hamdullahpur attended the Istanbul Technical University earning his undergraduate degree and his master’s in mechanical engineering. He moved to Canada to do a PhD at the Technical University of Nova Scotia, which is now part of Dalhousie University.
Prior to being appointed President, Hamdullahpur was Waterloo's Vice President Academic and Provost, a role which he held for just over a year before being appointed interim President. Prior to this, Hamdullahpur held various roles at Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31197921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197921" title="Radical 135">
Radical 135

Radical 135 meaning "tongue" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 31 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197926" title="Nuclear activities in Brazil">
Nuclear activities in Brazil

Nuclear energy accounts for about 3% of the Brazil's electricity. It is produced by two pressurized water reactor reactors at Angra, which is the country's sole nuclear power plant. Construction of a third reactor begun on 1 June 2010 and it should be operational by May 2018. The sole Brazilian company in charge of nuclear energy production is Eletronuclear.
Uranium exploration, production and export in Brazil is under state control through Indústrias Nucleares do Brasil although the government has announced it is ready to involve the private sector in the nuclear fuel industry.
Brazilian Nuclear Activities.
Early years (1930 – 1960).
In Brazil, theoretical research in the field of nuclear energy began at the University of São Paulo (USP) in the late 1930s. The following decade, Brazil became a supplier of mineral resources (monazite, thorium and uranium) to nuclear experimentation projects in the United States, such as the Manhattan Project.
In 1947, Álvaro Alberto, a Navy official and a vocal supporter of nuclear power, wrote the first Brazilian nuclear policy plan to be approved by Brazil’s national security council, the Conselho de Segurança Nacional (CSN). Implementation of the plan began in 1951, with the establishment of Brazil’s national research council, the Conselho Nacional de Pesquisas (CNPq), and the nomination of Alberto as its president. While the institution’s general purpose was to promote technological and scientific research in all areas of knowledge, CNPq had specific responsibilities related to the development of nuclear energy; such as promoting research on relevant mineral resources and undertaking the necessary measures to boost the industrialization of nuclear energy.
As envisaged by Alberto, the path toward developing a Brazilian nuclear sector included the nationalization of nuclear activities and specific compensations for exporting strategic raw materials. Accordingly, Brazil attempted to negotiate trade agreements that, in exchange for Brazilian raw materials, would include provisions to grant easier access to sensitive technologies and training for Brazilian nuclear engineers. The success of this policy was noticeably limited, but it granted Brazilian scientists and engineers opportunities to undertake academic exchanges and training in the U.S.
CNPq sought to acquire nuclear technology from the U.S. and other countries. Washington, however, rejected Alberto’s request to purchase a cyclotron from General Electric, which would have allowed Brazil to conduct advanced nuclear physics experiments. Alberto also started negotiations for the acquisition of ultracentrifuges from West Germany.
By the mid-1950s Brazil’s nuclear program had not advanced significantly, except for the US$80,000 purchase of 3 West German centrifuges. Although the centrifuges arrived in Brazil in 1956, they only became operational in the 1970s. Limited budgets and political instability were the root causes of the delays.
A Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry (Comissão Parlamentar de Inquérito – CPI) established in 1956 uncovered the illegal exports of atomic materials to the United States. It also revealed that Juarez Távora, chief of the military cabinet in the early stages of the Café Filho administration in 1954, acted in accordance with U.S. requests and adopted a new nuclear policy plan whereby the U.S. was considered the privileged partner of Brazil in the nuclear field.
After the investigation was completed, the CPI argued in favor of a more nationalist approach to nuclear policy, resuming the plans advocated by Alberto and the CNPq. The new nuclear plan adopted by recently elected President Juscelino Kubitschek created a National Nuclear Energy Commission(Comissão Nacional de Energia Nuclear – CNEN) under presidential oversight. It also cancelled all the contracts related to atomic minerals exports.
In 1957 Brazil obtained its first research reactor from the U.S. under the "Atoms for Peace" program. IEA-R1, as it became known when it reached the Institute of Atomic Energy (Instituto de Energia Atômica – IEA) in São Paulo, was the first reactor ever to operate in the southern hemisphere. This was followed in 1960 by the research reactor TRIGA Mark 1, located at the Institute of Radioactive Research (Instituto de Pesquisas Radioativas – IPR) of the Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG), which was used in training and research activities related to radioisotope production.
1961 – 1972.
By 1962 Brazil had built its first indigenous research reactor, the Argonauta, which commenced operations in 1965 at the Rio de Janeiro-based Nuclear Engineering Institute (Instituto de Engenharia Nuclear – IEN). The Argonauta was an adaptation of a reactor designed by the Argonne National Laboratory in the United States.
In the aftermath of the 1964 coup d’état that ousted the popularly-elected government, the ruling military devised a nuclear policy based on the purchase of nuclear power plants in order to generate electricity but also create the conditions for an indigenous nuclear industrial complex inside Brazil. In the long term, stated the plan, Brazil would seek to acquire all the technologies necessary to master the nuclear fuel production cycle.
With regard to international standards mandating a limit to peaceful nuclear explosions (PNE), the military’s nuclear policy affirmed that renouncing the right of independent fabrication of PNEs represented "a price too high to pay", since
Accordingly, in a CSN meeting, President Artur da Costa e Silva voiced arguments in favor of "doing research, mining and building devices that can explode" and added: "We will not call them bombs, we will call them devices that can explode.
In 1968 a new CPI assessed existing mineral resources in Brazil for the nuclear program. Two years later, the parliamentary commission completed its work and concluded that the Brazilian booming industrial growth meant a rising demand of electricity in the country, which confirmed the necessity of nuclear energy.
Also in 1968, the government issued a secret "National Strategic Concept" arguing that the acquisition of nuclear science and technology was a means to overcome Brazil’s peripheral position in world affairs. According to this perspective, Brazil could not accept the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), an international accord perceived by Brazil as an instrument to curtail the national development of nuclear energy in non-nuclear weapon countries, which did not solve the problem of nuclear weapons.
Propelled by a staggering economic growth rate, Brazil invited different companies and consortiums to present projects for the construction of its first nuclear power plant. After receiving five different proposals, Brazil chose the one made by U.S.-based Westinghouse Electric Company involving pressurized water reactors (PWR). Simultaneously, Brazil started conversations with West Germany and a nuclear cooperation agreement was established between Brasília and Bonn.
While CNEN was finalizing the details of the contract with Westinghouse between May 1971 and April 1972, the United States Atomic Energy Commission (USAEC) approved the supply of nuclear fuel for Brazil’s first nuclear power plant, Angra 1. The contract between CNEN and Westinghouse was signed in April 1972 and the construction of Angra 1 began.
1973 – 1978.
The military continued to push for development in the nuclear sector. It was the government’s ambition to acquire all phases of the nuclear cycle through international cooperation. With this in mind, in 1974 the Brazilian Company for Nuclear Technology (Companhia Brasileira de Tecnologia Nuclear – CBTN) was enhanced and became the Brazilian Nuclear Enterprises (Nuclebrás). Headed by Paulo Nogueira Batista, a career diplomat, Nuclebrás was charged with implementing the nuclear program by promoting the creation of indigenous companies to build parts and offer services for the nuclear plants on the pipeline. While Nuclebrás dealt with implementation and funding, CNEN retained the responsibilities of nuclear planning, regulation and inspection. Additionally, CNEN continued to be the Ministry of Mines and Energy’s advisory body for domestic and international nuclear policy.
However, after India tested a nuclear device in 1974, the U.S. slowed down and eventually halted nuclear cooperation with Brazil. Also, in the aftermath of the 1973 energy crisis, USAEC made its provision of fuel to third countries subject to availability. This in turn pushed Brazil to accelerate talks with West Germany and France, eventually signing an agreement with the former on 27 June 1975, that established the transfer of operational know-how regarding reactors. 
The deal represented the largest technology transfer agreement ever signed between an industrialized country and an industrializing one. Bonn committed to export four to eight reactors over a span of 15 years. Likewise, West German firms agreed to construct a complete nuclear fuel cycle in Brazil: uranium prospecting and mining; uranium enrichment (using the jet-nozzle process); manufacturing fuel rods; and reprocessing spent fuel rods. For West Germany’s nuclear industry, this was the most significant contract ever to be established, at an anticipated value of 10 billion marks (roughly US$4 billion). Also, this was the largest single export order in German history.
The deal caused lively international reactions. One of the main reasons for the frenzy was due to the fact that West Germany, an NPT signatory, made a commitment to transfer nuclear technology to Brazil, headed by a military dictatorship that was not party to the NPT. In the years that followed the announcement, Brazil and West Germany were under strong pressure coming from not just the U.S., but also the United Kingdom, Canada, France, and the Soviet Union—countries which supported a restrictive position on nuclear sales and strongly opposed the export of advanced nuclear technology such as fuel reprocessing plants.
In order to overcome the mounting suspicious, and after much negotiation, a tripartite agreement on nuclear safeguards was established between Brazil, West Germany and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Shortly after, President (General) Ernesto Geisel announced the White Book of Brazilian Nuclear Policy (Livro Branco sobre a política nuclear brasileira). The document, intended to clarify aspects of Brazil’s nuclear decisions to the public, affirmed the peaceful nature of the program and justified the nuclear option based on the country’s growing energy demand.
In cooperation with West Germany, the construction of the Angra 2 reactor began in 1976. However, the project faced construction delays and cost overruns that prompted public outcry within Brazil, giving way to the creation of another CPI in 1978 that looked into the nuclear deal between Brazil and West Germany.
The "Autonomous" / "Parallel" Nuclear Program (1978 – 1987).
In 1978, amid frustrations with the nuclear deal with West Germany, the growing restrictions to nuclear technology stipulated by the U.S., and the newly created Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG), Brazil established a secret nuclear project under the coordination of CNEN and implemented by the Institute of Energy and Nuclear Research (Instituto de Pesquisas Energéticas e Nucleares – IPEN), which had replaced the IEA in São Paulo. The original objective of this project was to develop indigenous technology for the production of uranium hexafluoride (UF6).
As this project evolved to comprise an actual program, it encompassed research on all phases of nuclear energy production, the construction of a miniature reactor for naval propulsion, and the development of nuclear explosives. Known as the "Autonomous" or "Parallel" Nuclear Program, it was conducted under tight military control, with each one of the armed forces having dedicated budgets to pursue different methods for uranium enrichment. This parallel military program was conducted concomitantly with the civilian one, the latter managed by Nuclebrás. Unlike the civilian program, the autonomous one was not under safeguards.
Different branches of Brazil’s armed forces had different tasks in the parallel nuclear program. The Navy, which had the most advanced nuclear center – Aramar, located in Iperó, São Paulo – coordinated two projects. Project Ciclone aimed at the development of uranium enrichment technology through the ultracentrifuge method, while Project Remo sought to create a nuclear reactor for a small naval vessel such as a submarine. The Army coordinated Project Atlântico, which tried to develop natural uranium reactors. The Air Force worked on Project Solimões, which researched laser technology for nuclear and conventional purposes as well as the development of "nuclear explosives for peaceful purposes".
In the 1980s, evidence surfaced in the press pointing to the existence of two major shafts in the Air Force base of Serra do Cachimbo, in the northern state of Pará. These raised suspicions over the Air Force’s nuclear activities, as the shafts had been possibly designed as testing sites for nuclear explosives.
Personnel in charge of the secret nuclear program tried to obtain access to technology and materials in the nuclear bazaar. In the late 1970s, amid a domestic shortage of oil in Brazil, Iraq offered to supply oil at a discounted price in exchange for 80 tons of Brazilian uranium. Oral accounts indicate that Brazil accepted the offer and concluded a deal with Iraq. However, it interrupted the uranium export when the Iran-Iraq War intensified, having provided Iraq with less than a quarter of the quantity agreed.
Brazil also reportedly bought highly enriched uranium from China in the 1980s. In December 1982, then-president of CNEN, Rex Nazaré, headed a mission to China with the objective of purchasing enriched uranium from his Chinese counterparts at the China National Nuclear Corporation. Sources have indicated that, a few years later, Brazilian cylinders of hexafluoride were transported to China containing natural uranium. They returned to Brazil in a container that, supposedly, carried porcelain purchased by the First Lady Dulce Figueiredo during the presidential trip. The material was later stored at the IPEN research facility in São Paulo, where the Brazilian Navy was developing technology for uranium enrichment and reactor construction with the ultimate objective of building a nuclear-propelled submarine.
Civilian rule was re-established in the country in 1985, and the administration of President José Sarney publicly revealed two years later that Brazil had achieved uranium enrichment capacity through a secret nuclear program. While Sarney made this announcement, there is no indication that he tried to put an end to the nuclear military activities.
1988 – 2000.
In 1988, Nuclebrás was folded into a newly created institution, the Brazilian Nuclear Industries (Indústrias Nucleares do Brasil – INB), which was linked to the structure of CNEN and responsible for uranium extraction, industrial treatment and processing.
In that same year, the Experimental Center of Aramar (Centro Experimental Aramar – CEA), was inaugurated in Iperó, São Paulo. Under the purview of the Brazilian Navy, the CEA remains one of the country’s main nuclear facilities, where research on the development of a nuclear reactor and pilot-scale uranium enrichment activities are carried out.
Angra 1, which had its first nuclear chain reaction in 1982 and went into commercial operation in 1985, faced numerous problems. Between 1982 and 1992, operations in Angra were halted 16 times for different reasons. The inefficiency of the plant led to a widespread feeling that the nuclear deal with Westinghouse had been a poor decision. Due to the constant interruptions, the power plant of Angra 1 became known in Brazil as the vagalume, or "firefly".
Amid the unfolding political transition post-dictatorship, a new Constitution was drafted in 1987-1988, for which Brazil’s nuclear development program became a focal point of debate. The article approved by the Constitutional Assembly declared: "All nuclear activity within the national territory shall only be admitted for peaceful purposes and subject to the approval of the National Congress." While current official discourse often presents this decree as a unilateral guarantee that Brazil will never build nuclear artifacts, at the time of the new Constitution Brazil was still arguing for the legality of peaceful nuclear explosions—and oral history evidence points to the notion that those drafting the constitution sought to incorporate language consistent with such technologies. Brazil would only renounce nuclear explosions in 1990, two years after the Constitution was passed.
President Fernando Collor de Mello, the first to be elected by popular vote since 1964 and the first ever to be elected after universal suffrage was enacted, officially renounced pacific nuclear explosions and held a public ceremony to seal shut the shafts located at the Air Force base in Serra do Cachimbo, Pará, in September 1990.
That same year, a CPI was established to investigate the military’s autonomous nuclear program. Among the main findings were details of illicit trade of nuclear material, as well as information about illegal financial operations that had served to keep the secret program going. In its final report, the inquiry commission recommended that the parallel program be dismantled with some of its activities to be integrated into the safeguarded civilian program. It also recommended the establishment of accountability mechanisms to increase the safety and security of the program.
The economic crisis that had already affected the development of Brazilian nuclear project in the 1980s continued through the 1990s. Nuclear activities slowed down, the program for developing the nuclear submarine grinded to a halt and plans to build two additional nuclear power plants were put on hold. Only in 1994 did the Brazilian government decide to resume construction of Angra 2.
2001 – Present.
In 2001 more than two decades after the beginning its construction, the nuclear power plant of Angra 2 started its commercial operations.
Under President Lula da Silva (2003 – 2011), the nuclear program was revived. INB’s Nuclear Fuel Factory (Fábrica de Combustível Nuclear – FCN), a commercial-scale uranium enrichment facility, became operational in 2004. However, disagreements between Brazil and the IAEA regarding the inspection procedures delayed the full start of operations. Brazil was reluctant to grant IAEA inspectors full visual access to its centrifuges, which were hidden by 2-meter (6.6-foot) high panels, as Brazilian authorities argued that a superior centrifuge technology had been developed in the country and it was necessary to protect these industrial secrets. After months of impasse, Brazil agreed to allow increased – but not full – visual access to the centrifuges and other industrial equipment by reducing the size of the panels covering the machinery. As a member of the Ministry of Science and Technology reportedly said at that time, Brazil was lifting the skirt and lowering the top a little, but retaining its secrets.
Budgetary constraints also postponed the beginning of industrial enrichment operations at the FCN. In 2006, the Minister of Science and Technology officially inaugurated the complex, located in Resende, Rio de Janeiro.
A first enrichment cascade started in May 2006 at the Resende facility. A second one was activated in November 2009 and, two years later, a third cascade was made operational. Currently, there are four cascades in operation, which allow INB to enrich approximately 14% of Angra 1’s annual uranium needs. The other 85% continues to be enriched overseas, mainly in Canada and Europe.
In 2007 Brazil launched the ambitious National Energy Plan 2030 (Plano Nacional de Energia 2030 – PNE 2030). This plan states the need to increase the energy production in Brazil and proposes that an additional nuclear energy capacity of 5,345 megawatts (MW) be installed by 2030. In order to make it feasible, the plan supports the completion of Angra 3 – whose construction started in 2010 and it is still underway – and recommends the construction of four nuclear power plants across the country.
In 2011, the electricity generated by the nuclear power plants of Angra 1 and Angra 2 represented 2.7% of the national energy output, approximately 14 tWh. While Angra 3 remains under construction and is expected to become operational in 2018, there have been no moves to build the four new nuclear plants as outlined by PNE 2030. In 2012, a review of the PNE 2030 was commissioned, so as to take into account the increasing share of renewable sources like wind and biomass in the Brazilian energy matrix and the consequences of the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan. This updated study was expected to come out in 2013, as a PNE2035. However, that did not happen. Presently, the website of EPE states that a PNE 2050 is currently in development.
Currently, there is only one active uranium mine in the country, located in Lagoa Real, Caetité, Bahia. The annual production of uranium in the Caetité Complex, which is managed by INB, has varied, with the record being 400 tons of uranium concentrate in 2008. There have been plans of developing mine activities in Santa Quitéria, Ceará, where the uranium presents itself associated with phosphate. Even though INB has undertaken some steps toward establishing this new mine, the license has not been issued yet.
In the end of 2008, President Lula signed an agreement with his French counterpart, Nicolas Sarkozy, which established a partnership between the two countries regarding defense issues. In addition to selling 50 EC-725 Super Cougar helicopters France agreed to work with Brazil to build four conventional submarines and one nuclear propulsion submarine. The US$12 billion agreement, however, excludes cooperation on the development of the nuclear reactor for the submarine, which is supposed to be accomplished by the Brazilian Navy solely.
The construction of the nuclear submarine is expected to start in 2016, in the Navy’s Manufacturing Unit for Metallic Structures (Unidade de Fabricação de Estruturas Metálicas – Ufem), located in Itaguaí, Rio de Janeiro. The likely date for completion is 2023 and the submarine should to start to operate in 2025.
The Brazil-France deal is in accordance with the National Defense Strategy (Estratégia Nacional de Defesa – END) that Brazil also issued in 2008. The END states Brazil’s ambition to develop and master nuclear technology and conclude the nuclear propulsion submarine. The most recent White Book of National Defense, issued in 2012, states that a nuclear propulsion submarine would contribute to the protection of commercial routes, keep navigation free, help protect natural resources, and promote technological development in the country.
In February 2013, the Brazilian government announced the creation of a new state-owned company, the Blue Amazon Defense Technologies (Amazônia Azul Tecnologias de Defesa – Amazul), whose purpose is to promote, develop and maintain the technology necessary to keep the nuclear activities in Brazil going, including the nuclear reactor for the planned submarine.
In May 2013, Redetec, a Brazilian administrative body responsible for managing resources for nuclear innovation, contracted the Argentine company INVAP to build a multipurpose nuclear reactor in Brazil. The reactor is planned to enter operations in 2018, at the CEA.
Nuclear cooperation with Argentina.
Initial bilateral talks.
Brazil and Argentina began nuclear talks in the 1940s as they started to develop their respective indigenous programs. In 1967 CNEN President Uriel da Costa Ribeiro participated in the inauguration of the Ezeiza Atomic Center in Buenos Aires. The following year, Admiral Oscar Quihillalt, president of Argentina’s National Atomic Energy Commission (Comisión Nacional de Energía Atómica – CNEA) toured all Brazilian nuclear facilities. While there was no substantial progress in terms of any real cooperation, these reciprocal visits and talks set out to keep both countries informed of each other’s nuclear activities.
The bilateral interaction was possible because, in many respects, Brazil and Argentina shared a common understanding of the global non-proliferation regime as a top-down imposition of the major nuclear powers at the expense of weaker nations. In fact, starting in the early 1960s the two delegations to the IAEA had a tacit agreement, through which they would take turns in the seat assigned to the Latin American country with the most advanced nuclear program.
In 1974, as international control over nuclear technology became more stringent, Argentina proposed a collaborative arrangement with Brazil, seeking "exchange of experiences." While the CSN considered it a positive development, then-Brazilian President (General) Ernesto Geisel conditioned any nuclear cooperation on the resolution of an outstanding dispute over the uses of the Paraná River that forms their shared border. Later that decade, when Brazil sought to push for some degree of bilateral nuclear cooperation, it was Argentina that balked, insisting the river dispute be addressed first. Its resolution in 1979 unlocked the bilateral nuclear cooperation that would unfold.
Brazil and Argentina signed their first accord on nuclear collaboration on 17 May 1980, in Buenos Aires. This agreement set out to establish scientific exchanges and collaborations on nuclear research and the development of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes.
Brazil and Argentina’s position on the global non-proliferation regime was quite similar. From the second half of the 1960s onward, both countries understood they should jointly resist external pressure applied to their respective nuclear programs. This common understanding was a major source for bilateral nuclear cooperation and helped dilute any security dilemma dynamics between the two countries.
There is evidence that mutual awareness of each other’s nuclear activities was higher than estimated by outsiders, partly due to the existence of vast networks of scientists and military officials among both countries.
In 1983, Argentina announced it had achieved uranium enrichment capability through gas diffusion in its Pilcaniyeu plant, located at Río Negro Province. Before the public announcement, Argentina’s ruling military junta had sent a letter to President João Figueiredo confidentially informing their Brazilian counterpart of the news, to which Figueiredo replied with satisfaction at the Argentine accomplishment.
The path to mutual inspections.
The first proposal for a joint Brazilian-Argentine safeguards system was presented in 1977 by then-U.S. Congressman Paul Findley during a press conference in Washington. This declaration was soon followed by an opinion piece entitled, "Chances for a Latin Nuclear Agreement," authored by Findley in The Washington Post.
Findley wrote in a personal capacity and his opinions were not endorsed by any U.S. political party, but they did present an alternative to then-U.S. President Jimmy Carter’s approach to nuclear proliferation in Latin America. Findley’s Washington Post article argued that "a bilateral, on-site, nuclear verification agreement between Argentina and Brazil could help to arrest mounting suspicion over the ultimate nuclear aspirations of these two important states." The congressman first advocated for the common rejection of PNEs, followed by the "continuing, mutual, on-site monitoring of their respective nuclear facilities." Findley did not consider a bilateral arrangement as a substitute for the IAEA verification regime, but as an "additional element of assurance and protection between two states whose past relations have at time been quite troubled."
While Findley’s proposal seemed to be welcomed in Argentina, it did not resonate well with the Brazilian government. At the time, Brazilian diplomat Luiz Felipe Lampreia stated that Brazil was part of multilateral safeguards structures, which he argued was the right path to enhance nuclear security. Lampreia also added that, since Findley’s proposal was not endorsed by the U.S. government, there was no need for Brazil to issue a formal response.
In the following years, Brazilian and Argentine diplomats exchanged views on renouncing peaceful nuclear explosions and establishing a bilateral nuclear agreement. The talks started in late 1983 between Saraiva Guerreiro and Dante Caputo, the Brazilian and Argentine foreign ministers, respectively. Then, Ambassadors Roberto Abdenur and Jorge F. Sábato were tasked to continue the dialogue in 1984.
Once the proposal was examined in detail by high ranks in both governments, the Brazilians decided they could not commit to it. Abdenur informed his counterpart about the lack of consensus inside Brazil, but reiterated that Brazil’s rejection of the joint proposal should not be interpreted as an ambition to conduct PNEs.
In May 1985 in Buenos Aires, Caputo met with Olavo Setúbal, Guerreiro’s successor. Part of their agenda consisted of the potentiality of negotiating a mutual safeguards system and jointly renouncing the option PNEs. Argentina stepped up the pressure and, six months later, Argentine President Raúl Alfonsín and Brazilian President José Sarney met in Foz do Iguaçu, Paraná, Brazil. On that occasion, Alfonsín proposed the establishment of a joint safeguards regime, to which Sarney countered with a more diluted proposal to establish a bilateral working group to discuss the issue. Alfonsín agreed and the Foz do Igauçu Joint Declaration on Nuclear Policy (Declaração Conjunta sobre Política Nuclear de Foz de Iguaçu) was signed on 29 November 1985.
In the following year, cooperation among the two countries intensified, evidenced by new joint protocols and declarations. In a move to increase transparency and trust as much as "lock in" the Brazilian side, President Alfonsín invited President Sarney to visit the Pilcaniyeu nuclear power plant, which was considered a cause for concern in Brazil. After the 17 July 1987, visit, the two presidents issued the Viedma Joint Declaration on Nuclear Policy, expressing the importance of building mutual trust and reiterating the peaceful nature of nuclear activities in both countries.
Before publicly announcing that Brazil had achieved uranium enrichment capacity, Sarney sent Ambassador Rubens Ricupero as an envoy to Buenos Aires to personally inform Alfonsín. In April 1988, Sarney invited Alfonsín to participate in the inauguration of the Experimental Center of Aramar in Iperó, São Paulo. On that occasion, the two countries issued the Declaration of Iperó, which raised the status of the joint working group on nuclear issues, which had been created in 1985, to a permanent committee, thereby institutionalizing the former ad-hoc body and establishing regular meetings.
In November 1988, following another joint presidential visit – this time to the Argentine nuclear plant in Ezeiza, Buenos Aires – the two heads of state issued the Ezeiza Declaration, which emphasized the peaceful purpose of both countries’ nuclear programs, pledged to continue "exchange of information, experiences and technical visits," and vowed to improve bilateral nuclear cooperation.
Sarney and Alfonsín were succeeded by Fernando Collor de Mello and Carlos Menem, respectively, and the latter two continued the bilateral collaboration. They met in Foz de Iguaçu in November 1990, when they signed the Declaration of Common Nuclear Policy (Declaração de Política Nuclear Comum). The document created the Common System for Accountability and Control (Sistema Comum de Contabilidade e Controle – SCCC), which would coordinate reciprocal inspections of nuclear facilities. This declaration also stated both countries’ willingness to commence negotiations with the IAEA on the implementation of nuclear safeguards and later join the regional regime of a nuclear-weapon-free zone of Latin America and the Caribbean as laid out by the Treaty of Tlatelolco.
To coordinate and implement the SCCC, the two countries created, in 1991, the Brazilian-Argentine Agency for Accounting and Control of Nuclear Materials (Agência Brasileiro-Argentina de Contabilidade e Controle de Materiais Nucleares – ABACC), established through the Guadalajara Bilateral Agreement for the Exclusively Peaceful Use of Nuclear Energy (Accordo Bilateral para Usos Exclusivamente Pacíficos da Energia Nuclear). ABACC was the first binational organization set up by Argentina and Brazil and to date remains the only existing binational safeguards organization in the world.
In December 1991, the Quadripartite Agreement was established among Brazil, Argentina, the ABACC and the IAEA. It regulated IAEA inspections in Brazil and Argentina, while recognizing the SCCC and stating the need to avoid duplication of work between ABACC and the IAEA. The accord came into force in 1994 and it has been in force since then.
Aside from cooperation on the nuclear energy front, Brazil and Argentina were also taking steps to promote economic integration, as demonstrated by the 1988 Treaty of Integration, Cooperation and Development (Tratado de Integração, Cooperação e Desenvolvimento) and the 1990 Minute of Buenos Aires (Ata de Buenos Aires). A common market – known as MERCOSUR / MERCOSUL – between Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay would be created in 1991 with the signing of the Treaty of Asunción.
Recent developments.
On 22 February 2008, Brazil and Argentina announced the intention to build a binational nuclear fuel factory. A bilateral working group was then established to discuss this project, but no further developments have taken place.
A leaked U.S. diplomatic cable dated 24 December 2009, reported Argentine concerns related to Brazilian nuclear ambitions. It stated that the Argentine foreign ministry was thinking about what Argentina’s reaction should be in case Brazil backed out of ABACC or developed a nuclear weapon. According to the document, one of the responses Argentina was envisaging could be the development and deployment of advanced peaceful nuclear technology, such as a nuclear-powered icebreaker, to demonstrate capacity. ABACC did not comment, but one of its Brazilian officials stated that the information expressed in the leaked cable was contrary to the Brazilian-Argentine experience, which was characterized by mutual trust.
In 2011, ABACC turned 20 years old and hosted an anniversary seminar, in Rio de Janeiro.
On 6 May 2013, as part of the 2008 agreements, Redetec, a Brazilian administrative body responsible for managing resources for nuclear innovation, contracted Argentine company INVAP to build a multipurpose nuclear reactor in Brazil.
It is expected that the Brazilian reactor will follow the Open-pool Australian lightwater reactor (OPAL) model, developed by INVAP for Australia. OPAL is used for research and for the production radioisotopes employed in nuclear medicine, industry, agriculture and environment.
The agreed period for completion is 12 months and the amount paid by CNEN is R$ 24.7 million (US$12.02 million). The Multipurpose reactor will be stationed at the Marine Technology Center in São Paulo (Centro Tecnológico da Marinha em São Paulo – CTMSP), where the proper infrastructure will be built by the Brazilian company Intertechne.
Taking into consideration the complexity of the construction project and all its necessary safety and security requirements, the reactor is expected to become operational in 2018. The total cost of this project is estimated to be US$ 500 million.
Brazil and the nuclear non-proliferation regime.
Opposition to the NPT.
While Brazil participated actively in the international negotiations that led to the establishment of the NPT, it abstained from voting on the resolution that formally created the treaty. Brazil was not satisfied with the final version of the text, which the country believed would inhibit technological and scientific progress of developing nations and consolidate the countries with nuclear weapons as a privileged minority in the international system.
Brazil refused to sign the NPT for decades, conducting nuclear activities that were either under ad-hoc safeguards agreements (e.g., the 1975 trilateral agreement between Brazil, West Germany and the IAEA) or under no safeguards at all, such as the "autonomous" / "parallel" program.
During the final months of Gerald Ford’s U.S. presidency, there were negotiations between then-U.S. Under Secretary of State Charles W. Robinson and President Geisel, in which the U.S. proposed that Brazil abandon the sensitive part of its nuclear deal with Bonn in exchange for a package of substantial economic aid and nuclear assistance from Washington. The two countries reached an informal agreement that would lead to further confidential negotiations.
Geisel’s decision was pragmatic, since Brazil was beginning to experience an economic crisis. Additionally, the implementation of the nuclear plan with Bonn had some technical difficulties and the possibility loomed of West Germany diluting certain elements of the treaty in accordance with U.S. wishes. Nonetheless, Geisel asked Robinson to keep this agreement secret, as a way to avoid domestic criticisms coming from the military hardliners and the Brazilian public, which supported "national nuclear independence."
The U.S. presidential election in November 1976 saw Ford’s defeat by challenger Jimmy Carter, the latter having adopted a different approach to nuclear cooperation. Ahead of Carter’s January 1977 inauguration, the Geisel administration indicated during meetings with Carter’s transition team that Brazil was willing to renounce nuclear sensitive technologies. U.S. officials knew that a key aspect for the acceptance of an indefinite deferral of the sensitive aspects of the nuclear project was "to convince Brazil of the durability of its fuel supply."
However, a problem occurred when an off-the-record comment by Joseph Nye, then Carter’s Assistant Secretary of State for nuclear affairs, was reproduced in a newspaper article. Nye had stated that Brazil and West Germany would renounce the transfer of sensitive nuclear technology, such as enrichment and reprocessing plants, in exchange for the guarantee of nuclear fuel deliveries to Brazil. Hardliners within Brazil’s military regime strongly opposed those terms, which led the government to reject the U.S. proposal and harden its anti-NPT stance.
After the end of military rule in 1985, a new Constitution was approved in 1988 that remains in force today. The document affirms that that "all nuclear activity within the national territory shall only be admitted for peaceful purposes and subject to the approval of the National Congress." The international community did not view this language as a reassurance, as the wording could be construed as an endorsement of PNEs.
Elected president by popular vote in 1989, Fernando Collor voiced his opposition to nuclear weapons and rejected the idea of Brazil ever conducting PNEs. In a public rebuke of the military’s nuclear activities, Collor held a ceremony in September 1990 to seal shut the nuclear explosive test shafts at the Air Force base in Serra do Cachimbo, Pará.
During the early 1990s, the "autonomous" / "parallel" program was dismantled with some of its projects and facilities being integrated to the safeguarded one. Although a CPI established in 1990 uncovered some of the clandestine nuclear activities that had been undertaken, the government did not issue an official account of all facilities, materials and activities involved in the covert program.
While Collor was open to international cooperation and favored Brazilian integration in several multilateral institutions, there were no indications that he intended to sign the NPT. Indeed, Brazil would only accede to the non-proliferation regime in 1998, six years after Collor left office.
Critical adhesion to the international nuclear regime.
Brazil and Argentina’s joint collaborations became integrated with larger multilateral parties via the 1991 Quadripartite Agreement with IAEA and ABACC. The agreement entered into force in 1994, the same year as Brazil’s full adhesion to the Treaty of Tlatelolco, an accord that prohibited nuclear weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The following year, Brazil attended the 1995 NPT Review Conference with observer status. On that occasion, the majority of the voting parties decided to indefinitely extend the treaty. Also in 1995, President Fernando Henrique Cardoso announced Brazil’s decision to accede to the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR) and, thus, abstain from the production, acquisition or transfer of long-range missiles.
In 1996, with the support of the U.S., Brazil was accepted as a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG), after adjusting its internal legislation on dual-use equipment to the standards required by the group. For Luiz Felipe Lampreia, Brazil’s foreign minister at the time, membership in the NSG was a crucial step in the gradual process of rapprochement with the international community due to Brazil’s aspirations for a larger role in international nuclear trade.
Shortly after becoming a member of the NSG, Brazil signed the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) in 24 September 1996, and deposited its instrument of ratification in July 1998.
Brazil finally adhered to the NPT in 1998, and deposited its instrument of accession for the treaty on 18 September, of that year during a ceremony at the U.S. State Department. On that occasion, then-U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright lauded Brazil and its representative, Minister Lampreia, for its decision to accede to the NPT.
As Lampreia would state, one of the Brazil’s motivations for NPT accession was the belief that it would boost Brazil’s international credibility. Additionally, Argentina had already joined the regime in 1995 and its membership consisted of nearly every country in the world. Accordingly, Brazil did not want to remain isolated.
However, the legislative decree that formalized Brazilian’s adhesion to the NPT linked it to the understanding that Article VI of the Treaty – which stipulated negotiations in good faith to cease the nuclear arms race and achieve nuclear disarmament, and the outcome of a treaty on complete disarmament under strict and effective international controls - would be fulfilled. Even though Brazil decided to join the regime, it continued to criticize the slow pace of disarmament and demanded balance between the obligation of non-proliferation and the obligation of disarmament.
Brazil has been part of the New Agenda Coalition (NAC), a group comprising seven states concerned with the lack of progress in nuclear disarmament, since the coalition’s inception in 1998.
Considering itself as "the most active country regarding the nuclear disarmament cause," Brazil affirmed in its 2008 National Defense Strategy that " will not adhere to amendments to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons extending the restrictions of the Treaty, until the nuclear weapon states advance in the central premise of the Treaty: their own nuclear disarmament." In this sense, Brazil refuses to sign the Additional Protocol (AP), a voluntary legal instrument that complements comprehensive safeguards agreements and provides the IAEA broader rights of access to sites.
Brazilian attitude toward the nuclear order is underscored by its strong defense of the right of any NPT signatory to nuclear technology for peaceful purposes, as was demonstrated on the occasion of the 2010 Tehran Declaration between Brazil, Turkey and Iran.
Safeguards.
The nuclear safeguards in place in Brazil are under the oversight of ABACC and the IAEA, per the provisions of the 1991 Quadripartite Agreement. There are 25 facilities in Brazil under the ABACC and IAEA safeguards.
As a verification measure of Brazil’s declared nuclear material and nuclear-related activities, ABACC and IAEA perform different types of inspections – including unannounced, short-notice, and physical inventory verification – and carry out ongoing monitoring and evaluation.
There were tensions between ABACC and the IAEA in 2004, when Brazil refused to allow IAEA inspectors to see the Resende facility's equipment on the grounds that Brazil needed to protect its commercial secrets. After months of impasse, Brazilian authorities reportedly agreed to allow increased – but not full – visual access to the centrifuges and other industrial equipment.
Another source of conflict has been Brazil’s refusal to sign the Additional Protocol (AP), a voluntary legal instrument that complements comprehensive safeguards agreements and provides the IAEA broader rights of access to sites. Despite the pressures coming from the IAEA and some nuclear weapon states that consider the AP a fundamental instrument of the verification regime, Brazil has strongly opposed it.
In the past few years, there have been discussions within the NSG about the establishment of the AP as a requirement to export items related to sensitive nuclear fuel cycle activities. In 2011, NSG members came to an agreement on this issue, recognizing the Quadripartite Agreement between Brazil, Argentina and the IAEA as a temporary alternative to the AP.
A Brazilian bomb?
While Brazil was conducting its nuclear activities outside of the nuclear non-proliferation regime, many in the international community doubted its stated peaceful intention. In addition to Brazil’s refusal to sign the NPT, the fact that the country was ruled by a hard-line military regime fuelled the suspicion that Brasília was pursuing a nuclear bomb. This opinion was manifested openly and implicitly by different nations as well as the international anti-nuclear movement. The most vehement of skeptics was the U.S., with countries like France, Canada, the UK and the Soviet Union also following suit in their doubts of Brazil.
Domestically, the lack of transparency in the Brazilian government and the little information made available about the nuclear program also led some people to believe that the military government would move forward with weaponization. Environmentalists, peace activists and members of the political opposition voiced their condemnation to the idea.
The suspicion intensified in the second half of the 1980s. As domestic media reports were published, uncovering secret nuclear developments, rumors about a possible Brazilian nuclear test emerged. One of the main Brazilian newspapers, Folha de S. Paulo, published an interview in April 1985 with a retired military officer who stated that the government planned to develop a nuclear device and explode it in 1990. During that same period, international papers denounced covert nuclear activities in Brazil, which reignited external questioning of its nuclear aspirations.
Writing in the Christian Science Monitor in 1992 Eric Ehrmann and Christopher Barton discussed Brazil's nuclear cooperation with Iraq, and noted the views of CIA Director Robert Gates to wit that Brazil has the capability to sell nuclear technology to Iran and that issues regarding dual use deals would drive the cost of maintaining global security upward.
In the 1990s, the country created the bilateral ABACC commission with Argentina, signed the Quadripartite Agreement with the IAEA, adhered to the NPT, and reiterated its peaceful nuclear ambitions on several occasions.
The Lula administration (2003–2011) resuscitated the dormant Brazilian nuclear program, issued new investments in achieving industrial-scale uranium enrichment capacity and revived the nuclear-propulsion submarine project.
Despite Brazil’s repeated claims of peaceful nuclear development, in 2003, Science and Technology Minister Roberto Amaral made a controversial statement. During an interview with popular Brazilian daily O Globo, Amaral stated that Brazil should seek to obtain all nuclear knowledge and knowhow; when asked if his description included the knowledge to develop a nuclear bomb, he replied positively. After the statement was disseminated across national and international media, Amaral refuted it and called it a misunderstanding.
One year later, Brazil denied IAEA inspectors full visual access to the Resende enrichment plant’s centrifuges, which led to months of Brazil–IAEA disagreements. The two parties finally reached a compromise for Brazil to reduce the size of the panels covering the machinery. Nonetheless, Brazil’s reluctance to these verification measures and constant refusal to sign the Additional Protocol have been interpreted by some as an attempt to hide undeclared activities. There were also rumors stating that the reason for concealing parts of the centrifuges was to hide technology Brazil had covertly obtained in the past, “possibly the Urenco G-2 design from Germany or another design from Pakistan.” 
In 2008, Brazil issued its National Defense Strategy (Estratégia Nacional de Defesa), in which it reaffirmed its ambition to develop and master nuclear technology and conclude the nuclear-propulsion submarine. That year, Brazil established a cooperation agreement with France to construct the submarine. Even though the two countries will collaborate on this project, the nuclear reactor for the submarine is excluded from the contract and should be built by the Brazilian Navy on its own.
Today, as a non-nuclear-weapon state party to the NPT, Brazil has the right under international norms to manufacture a naval reactor and produce highly enriched uranium to fuel it. While that has not happened yet, the possibility of Brazil enriching uranium at a level higher than the 20-percent threshold and employing it at a military facility has prompted continued concerns over its nuclear intentions.
Vice President José Alencar (2003–11) made controversial remarks in 2009, telling the press that Brazil should have nuclear weapons as a means to protect itself. According to Alencar, nuclear weapons were useful as a means of dissuasion, particularly in the case of a vast country with valuable natural resources such as Brazil. Additionally, Alencar linked the possession of a nuclear bomb to higher international relevance, stating that a poor country like Pakistan had its voice heard in international affairs because of its nuclear arsenal. Once his observations were mass-produced, Brasília affirmed that Alencar had expressed his own personal views, which did not reflect Brazil’s official position.
In that same year, a leaked U.S. diplomatic cable revealed Argentine concerns related to Brazilian nuclear ambitions. It stated that the Argentine foreign ministry was thinking about what Argentina’s reaction should be in case Brazil backed out of ABACC or developed a nuclear weapon. According to the document, one of the responses under consideration by Buenos Aires could be the development and deployment of advanced peaceful nuclear technology—such as a nuclear-powered icebreaker—to demonstrate capacity. ABACC did not comment, but one of its Brazilian officials stated that the information expressed in the leaked cable was contrary to the Brazilian–Argentine experience, which was enshrined in mutual trust.
International experts have also weighed in on the controversies surrounding Brazil’s nuclear program. Hans Rühle, a former official from the German defense ministry who also worked with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) wrote an article in 2010 in which he indicated that Brazil might be on the path toward getting the bomb. He based his argument on the submarine project, which may involve the production of highly enriched uranium, and the fact that Brazil seeks to develop capacity to conduct all phases of the nuclear fuel cycle indigenously. While Rühle affirms that there is no hard proof of a nuclear weapons program in Brazil, he suggests that Brazil’s relations with Iran and defense of the Iranian nuclear program should be seen as a clue of the path Brazil wants to tread. Commenting on Rühle’s article, the Argentine scholars Federico Merke and Florencia Montal said that Brazil might develop the capacity to manufacture a bomb but that it didn’t seem to have the intention to do so.
The most recent White Book of National Defense (Livro Branco de Defesa Nacional), issued in 2012 and published by the ministry of defense, reaffirms Latin America as a nuclear-weapons-free zone and states Brazil’s support for nuclear disarmament. The white paper also states that the nuclear-propulsion submarine would contribute to the protection of commercial routes, keep navigation free, help protect natural resources, and promote technological development in the country.
The white paper, on top of myriad official explanations, has not curbed the domestic and international public of suspecting Brazil’s nuclear intentions. For instance, the Argentine edition of Le Monde Diplomatique, published an article in its Spanish-language edition dated from February 2013 and titled, "Brasil, ¿detrás de la bomba atómica?" (Brazil: Behind the Atomic Bomb)?, Despite other similarly expressed pieces of skepticism, the evidence remains inconclusive that a nuclear weapons program is underway in Brazil.
Main controversies.
American criticism of the Brazil – West Germany nuclear deal and the Carter crusade.
As a response to India’s nuclear test conducted 18 May 1974, the United States adopted more restrictive policies regulating the transfer of nuclear fuel and related technologies to different countries, including Brazil. In addition to suspending USAEC contracts of uranium supply, U.S. officials also pressed the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom) Supply Agency to cease all transfers of special nuclear material to Brazil. Likewise, the U.S. pushed West Germany to remove ultracentrifugation technology from its agreement with Brazil and tried to craft a complementary safeguards agreement with the IAEA.
During the 1976 presidential campaign, Jimmy Carter voiced strong criticisms of the Brazil-West Germany deal as well as the Gerald Ford administration’s handling of the matter. In Carter’s view, a more assertive stance on non-proliferation was necessary.
Once he assumed office in January 1977, Carter dispatched his vice president, Walter Mondale, to West Germany for his first official visit. In Bonn, Mondale met with President Helmut Schmidt to discuss the Carter’s administration’s efforts to prevent nuclear proliferation. Mondale suggested to Schmidt that the West German-Brazilian agreement be suspended temporarily for review. Although Schmidt did not fully embrace it, Mondale’s proposal was badly received in Brazil and led to complications in U.S.-Brazil relations.
In June 1977, U.S. First Lady Rosalynn Carter visited Brazil and met with Geisel and his foreign minister, Azeredo da Silveira, in Brasília. Mrs. Carter was accompanied by Robert Pastor, U.S. National Security Advisor for Latin America, and Joseph Nye, Assistant Secretary of State for nuclear affairs. Although Mrs. Carter and Geisel talked about non-proliferation and the Treaty of Tlateloco, no substantive agreements on nuclear policy were created during this visit.
In the following year, President Carter signed into law the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Act, reducing U.S. production of plutonium and further restricting exports of nuclear fuel. As a consequence, Brazil was required to adopt comprehensive safeguards on all its nuclear facilities in order to receive from the U.S. the first delivery of replacement nuclear fuel for the Angra 1 nuclear power plant.
The constraints imposed by external actors led to significant delays in the construction of nuclear plants and represented high political and technological costs for the Brazilian government. In this context, in 1978 Brazil decided to carry out covert nuclear activities—in essence, the beginning of its "Autonomous" / "Parallel" nuclear program.
Problems related to mining, storage and transportation of radioactive material.
Minas Gerais.
The Ore Treatment Unit (Unidade de Tratamento de Minério – UTM) in the rural area of Caldas, Minas Gerais (MG), was active from 1982 to 1995. During that period, 1,200 tons of yellowcake were produced in order to provide fuel for Angra 1.
Since its decommissioning, Caldas’ mine pit, which is approximately 180 meters (590 feet) deep and contains a diameter of about 1,200 meters (3,937 feet), has turned into a giant lake of acid water. Additionally, radioactive residues remain in the unit – approximately 11,000 tons of torta 2, a combination of uranium concentrate and thorium, and thousands of tons of mesothorium – making Caldas the country’s biggest radioactive waste deposit.
Local residents and politicians have expressed their concern about the health and environmental impact of the radioactive waste and the acid water. So far, there is no available technology to neutralize the water and mitigate its environmental and health risks.
There have also been complaints about incidences of cancer, where the amount of those affected is higher than the average for Minas Gerais. Similarly, a recent study points to an excessive number of cancer-related deaths in the part of the state where uranium extraction is occurring.
The poor condition of the storage facilities led to a judicial ruling in 2011 that fined the INB, ordered it to treat the mining residues, and mandated that company must provide regular analyses of the radiation levels in the soil, animals, plants, groundwater and rivers that run through the city.
In 2000, 15 years after uranium mining activities had ceased in Caldas, radioactive residues of torta 2 and mesothorium from decommissioned plants in São Paulo were to be transported to Caldas, where they would be stored. Amid popular mobilizations against it, then-MG Governor Itamar Franco issued a decree prohibiting the entry of radioactive waste into MG from other states. The radioactive material remains stored in São Paulo.
Bahia.
The sole active mine in Brazil, the Uranium Concentrate Unit (Unidade de Concentrado de Urânio – URA), is located in Caetité, Bahia, possessing an estimated 100,000 tons of uranium reserves. This amount could supply the three Angra power plants currently in operation, in addition to four other planned ones, until the end of their life cycles. Since 1998, when mining activities started in Caetité, annual uranium production at URA has varied; it peaked in 2008, when 400 tons of uranium concentrated were produced.
Mining activity in Caetité has generated detrimental environmental effects, including contamination of water in nearby districts. An independent study commissioned by international environmental Non-governmental organization (NGO) Greenpeace showed that the concentration of uranium in some wells located 8 kilometers away from the uranium mine, in the district of Juazeiro, BA, was seven times higher than the limit established by the World Health Organization (WHO).
In April 2010, the Institute for Water and Climate Management (Instituto de Gestão das Águas e Clima – INGA), the agency responsible for water and climate management within the Bahia state government, recommended shutting down the water fountain that served Juazeiro due to the district’s high uranium levels. A few months later, a technical mission led by Dhesca Brasil, a network of human rights organizations, observed that the fountain continued to be in use and the residents had not been informed about the risks of consuming its water.
In May 2011, after learning that 13 trucks loaded with radioactive material were about to leave from São Paulo to Caetité, local residents and activists asked for official explanations and requested that safety measures be taken. In a letter sent to local authorities, the claimers inquired about the nature of the material being transported, why it was destined for Caetité, potential risks associated with the transportation, and whether proper permission had been granted.
When their letter went unanswered, the population organized a vigil constituting thousands of people. More than 3,000 protestors made a human chain and impeded 13 trucks from coming into the city. INB published a note in its website claiming that the cargo consisted of chemical compounds of uranium, coming from the Navy Technological Center (Centro Tecnológico da Marinha em São Paulo – CTMSP) to Caetité to be repackaged. The message further revealed that the final destination would be Europe for enrichment purposes. After four days of impasse, the parties came to an agreement and the material proceeded to the URA in Caetité.
Ceará.
Another uranium mining complex, known as Itataia, is underway in Santa Quitéria, Ceará. Itataia is supposed to be the largest uranium reserve in Brazil, containing 79,319 tons of the mineral. In the first years of extraction, the expected annual uranium production capacity is 1,200 tons per year. But projections assert that after the fifth year, this figure should rise to 1,600 tons annually.
In 2008, officials stated that mining activities in Itataia would begin in 2013. The first of its type, this would be a joint venture between state-owned INB and Brazilian private construction company Galvani. The latter would be in charge of the mining activities, extracting phosphate for fertilizer production and separating it from uranium, which Galvani would pass on to INB. However, since federal authorities have requested further studies of environmental impact, activities have been delayed.
Goiás.
The remaining radioactive waste from the 1987 radiological accident in Goiânia, Goiás, was quickly transferred to the nearby city of Abadia, generating resistance from local residents suspicious of risks associated with nuclear material. It has been reported that people from neighboring cities avoided Abadia’s citizens, fearing radioactive contamination.
After a decade of provisional storage, the material was moved to a permanent deposit built within the state park of Telma Ortegal, which has an area of 1.6 million m² (17.2 million ft²). The structure housing the deposit was designed to last for 300 years and withstand eventual disasters.
São Paulo.
Currently, there are approximately 1,150 tons of radioactive residues – primarily uranium and thorium – stored among 80 tons of heavy mineral sand in Interlagos, a busy neighborhood in the city of São Paulo. This material is reminiscent of the monazite plants of Santo Amaro (Usan) and Interlagos (Usin), which were deactivated in the 1990s.
In 2000, the remaining radioactive waste was supposed to go the mining unit of Caldas (MG), where the residues of Usan and Usin were usually disposed. However, popular pressure against it led then-MG Governor Itamar Franco to issue a decree prohibiting radioactive waste from coming into the state. Faced with this restriction, the residues remained in São Paulo.
The storage building in Interlagos has been criticized for its poor signage and safety protocols. There are few signs indicating radiation in the area, but they are small and some are covered by grass. According to Fernanda Giannasi, a public auditor from the Ministry of Labor, there are holes in the fence surrounding the building, which means people can enter the site. Giannasi has also noted risks faced by employees at the storage building. There are also complaints concerning the lack of instructions to residents in the vicinity advising certain steps in case of a radiological accident.
When Usin was built, the population of the surrounding area was less dense. And the human presence in the area is expected to increase; the Santuário Theotokos Mãe de Deus, a large church with a capacity of 20,000 worshippers that will rise to 100,000 upon the completion of its construction, has been built only 300 meters (984 feet) away from the radioactive waste site.
The company in charge of the uranium production in São Paulo was the former Nuclemon Mínero-Química, which has now been absorbed into INB. In 2007, the Brazilian Labor Court mandated that INB provide lifelong, free health insurance to the former workers of Nuclemon. This verdict was the outcome of a long lawsuit, which argued that throughout the 1980s and 1990s Nuclemon workers had no substantial information about the risks they faced and were constantly exposed to radioactive and toxic substances.
A report from a parliamentary working group on nuclear safety noticed that, even though Brazil signed and ratified the International Labour Organization (ILO) Radiation Protection Convention (No. 115), it has not provided national measures that implement Article 12, which obliges signatories to commit medical services to former workers who have been in contact with radioactive substances. Discussions to implement Article 12 have been ongoing in Brazil’s federal legislative body since 2006.
Oversight, control and nuclear security.
While CNEN is responsible for promoting and fostering nuclear industry in Brazil, it also supervises and regulates the country’s nuclear sector—a duality of responsibilities that can undermine the independence of the supervision system. It has also been pointed out that this goes against Article 8 of the Convention on Nuclear Safety, which states that
Brazil has been a signatory to that accord since 2 June 1997.
Since early 2013, the Brazilian government is weighing a proposal to establish a nuclear regulatory agency. Some in the nuclear sector have voiced their support for the measure, which would separate regulation, licensing and control of nuclear activities from the fomentation, promotion and support for research and production of nuclear energy.
Transparency.
From the outset, Brazil’s nuclear program has been shrouded in secrecy. Nuclear issues are still considered a matter of national security and sovereignty, despite Brazil’s democratic makeup and transition away from military dictatorship. There is little transparency regarding the various nuclear activities under the government’s purview and the potential impact these can have on public health and the environment. Moreover, numerous attempts to keep radioactive accidents and incidents secret have undermined credibility of nuclear enterprises and led to distrust among the public.
In particular, local stakeholders based near uranium mines and nuclear facilities have expressed various nuclear-related concerns, ranging from impacts of uranium mining to the feasibility of the emergency plans. Political authorities and civil society organizations also complain about the lack of mechanisms to facilitate dialogue with the nuclear sector.
The 2004 episode in which Brazil denied IAEA inspectors full visual access to its centrifuges also adds to these accusations, as does Brazil’s persistent refusal to adhere to the Additional Protocol (AP).
Costs of nuclear activities.
Throughout the decades, nuclear activities in Brazil have absorbed a huge amount of taxpayer money. While it is difficult to determine a the total cost of the country’s nuclear program across its history, the construction of Angra 1 and Angra 2 cost US$ 12.5 billion.
In 2008, the costs for the construction of Angra 3 were estimated in R$ 7,2 billions (US$3,4 billions). However, in 2010, that number was raised to R$10,4 billions (US$ 4,9 billions). This amount is in addition to the BR$ 1,5 billion (US$ 702 millions) previously spent on the construction and the US$ 20 millions spent annually with maintenance and storage of the equipment bought over 20 years ago.
Several experts, like physicists Luiz Pinguelli Rosa and José Goldemberg, have voiced their opposition to Brazil’s nuclear endeavor, calling it a very expensive source of energy. Indeed, the vast costs associated with nuclear energy are considered an obstacle to Brazilian development of a domestic renewable energy market according to Greenpeace.
Contested legality of Angra 3.
In November 2007, Greenpeace filed legal motions to block the construction of Angra 3, arguing it was unlawful and unconstitutional. Greenpeace’s lawyer, José Afonso da Silva, issued a legal opinion contending that the creation of Angra 3 was not a legal act of the executive branch. Da Silva’s legal opinion also affirmed that Articles 21, 49 and 225 of the Constitution required that the construction of a nuclear power plant must be discussed beforehand in the parliament—an action that did not happen.
In January 2008, Federal Judge Renata Costa Moreira Musse Lopes ruled against Greenpeace’s motion.
2010 Joint Tehran Declaration (Brazil, Iran and Turkey).
The nuclear program of Iran has been the topic of heated international argument since 2003. As a major player in the global non-proliferation regime, the United States has been one of the main actors in this debate.
During the Lula administration (2003-2011), Brazil promoted an emphatic defense of the right of Iran, as an NPT signatory, to enrich uranium. While this action was in accordance with the argument usually put forward by Brazil – that affirms developing countries can acquire technology considered important for their national development – it represented a source of disagreement between Brazil and the United States. According to reports of then-Foreign Minister Celso Amorim and leaked U.S. diplomatic cables, the United States had been trying to impress on Brazil the need to convince Iran to come to an agreement with the IAEA regarding its nuclear program. Following the U.S. requests, Brazilian diplomats, together with their Turkish counterparts, brokered an agreement with Iran which became public in May 2010. The deal was formalized via the tripartite Tehran Declaration that allowed Iran to send 1,200 kilograms of 3.5%-enriched uranium to Turkey in exchange for 20%-enriched nuclear fuel for a scientific reactor.
However, the initiative failed to win support of the five permanent members (P-5) of the United Nations Security Council. One reason cited was that the agreed-upon quantity of 1,200 kilograms was considered too low because it did not take into account Iran’s accumulation of a larger amount of low-enriched uranium in the time since the IAEA first proposed the agreement, in late 2009. Additionally, the Tehran Declaration did not address Iran’s production of 20%-enriched uranium. Thus, the United States and other Western powers worried that this agreement did not require Iran to curtail its enrichment program or even resolve outstanding questions about the possible military purposes of its nuclear activities. Shortly after the deal was announced, then-U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton declared that the P-5 had agreed on a draft text for a new set of sanctions on Iran.
The rejection of this joint venture with Iran and Turkey was a big source of frustration for Brazilian diplomacy. However, despite being called naïve and accused of prolonging a controversial activity of a dubious regime, President Lula maintained that "engaging Iran – not isolating it – was the best way to push for peace and stability in the Middle East." In Lula’s view, ‘‘the existence of weapons of mass destruction is what makes the world more dangerous, not agreements with Iran."

</doc>
<doc id="31197927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197927" title="The Letter (Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn song)">
The Letter (Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn song)

"The Letter" is a song recorded by American country music artists Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn as a duet. It was released in June 1976 as the first single from their album "United Talent". The song peaked at number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada. It was written by Twitty and Charles Haney.

</doc>
<doc id="31197929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197929" title="Media cross-ownership in the United States">
Media cross-ownership in the United States

Media cross-ownership is the ownership of multiple media businesses by a person or corporation. These businesses can include broadcast and cable television, radio, newspaper, book publishing, video games, and various online entities. Much of the debate over concentration of media ownership in the United States has for many years focused specifically on the ownership of broadcast stations, cable stations, newspapers and websites. Meaning, that when one organization owned any two of these media outlets, that organization was involved in "cross-ownership."
Owners of American media.
The "Big Six".
Although Viacom and CBS Corporation have been separate companies since 2006, they are both partially owned subsidiaries of the private National Amusements company, headed by Sumner Redstone. As such, Paramount Home Entertainment handles DVD/Blu-ray distribution for most of the CBS Corporation library.
History of FCC regulations.
Founding.
Prior to 1927, public airwaves in the United States were regulated by the United States Department of Commerce and largely litigated in the courts as the growing number of stations fought for space in the burgeoning industry. The Federal Radio Act of 1927 (signed into law February 23, 1927) nationalized the airwaves and formed the Federal Radio Commission, later named the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to assume control of the airwaves.
Communications Act of 1934.
The Communications Act of 1934 was the stepping stone for all of the communications rules that are in place today. When first enacted, it created the FCC (Federal Communications Commission). It was created to regulate the telephone monopolies, but also regulate the licensing for the spectrum used for broadcasting. The FCC was given authority by Congress to give out licenses to companies to use the broadcasting spectrum. However, they had to determine whether the license would serve “the public interest, convenience, and necessity”. The primary goal for the FCC, from the start, has been to serve the "public interest". A debated concept, the term “public interest” was provided with a general definition by the Federal Radio Commission. The Commission determined, in its 1928 annual report, that “the emphasis must be first and foremost on the interest, the convenience, and the necessity of the listening public, and not on the interest, convenience, or necessity of the individual broadcaster or the advertiser.” Following this reasoning, early FCC regulations reflected the presumption that "it would not be in the public’s interest for a single entity to hold more than one broadcast license in the same community. The view was that the public would benefit from a diverse array of owners because it would lead to a diverse array of program and ser- vice viewpoints." 
The Communications Act of 1934 refined and expanded on the authority of the FCC to regulate public airwaves in the United States, combining and reorganizing provisions from the Federal Radio Act of 1927 and the Mann-Elkins Act of 1910. It empowered the FCC, among other things, to administer broadcasting licenses, impose penalties and regulate standards and equipment used on the airwaves. The Act also mandated that the FCC would act in the interest of the "public convenience, interest, or necessity." The Act established a system whereby the FCC grants licenses to the spectrum to broadcasters for commercial use, so long as the broadcasters act in the public interest by providing news programming.
Lobbyists from the largest radio broadcasters, ABC and NBC, wanted to establish high fees for broadcasting licenses, but Congress saw this as a limitation upon free speech. Consequently, “the franchise to operate a broadcasting station, often worth millions, is awarded free of charge to enterprises selected under the standard of ‘public interest, convenience, or necessity.’”
Nevertheless, radio and television was dominated by the Big Three television networks until the mid-1990s.
Cross ownership rules of 1975.
In 1975, the FCC passed the newspaper and broadcast cross-ownership rule. This ban prohibited the ownership of a daily newspaper and any "full-power broadcast station that serviced the same community". This rule emphasized the need to ensure that a broad number of voices were given the opportunity to communicate via different outlets in each market. 
The FCC designed rules to make sure that there is a diversity of voices and opinions on the airwaves. “Beginning in 1975, FCC rules banned cross-ownership by a single entity of a daily newspaper and television or radio broadcast station operating in the same local market.” The ruling was put in place to limit media concentration in TV and radio markets, because they use public airwaves, which is a valuable, and now, limited resource.
Telecommunications Act 1996.
The Telecommunications Act of 1996 was an influential act for media cross-ownership. One of the requirements of the act was that the FCC must conduct a biennial review of its media ownership rules “and shall determine whether any of such rules are necessary in the public interest as the result of competition.” The Commission was ordered to “repeal or modify any regulation it determines to be no longer in the public interest.” 
The legislation, touted as a step that would foster competition, actually resulted in the subsequent mergers of several large companies, a trend which still continues. Over 4,000 radio stations were bought out, and minority ownership of TV stations dropped to its lowest point since the federal government began tracking such data in 1990.
Since the Telecommunications Act of 1996, restrictions on media merging have decreased. Although merging media companies seems to provide many positive outcomes for the companies involved in the merge, it might lead to some negative outcomes for other companies, viewers and future businesses. The FCC even found that they were indeed negative effects of recent merges in a study that they issued.
Since 2000.
In September 2002, the FCC issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking stating that the Commission would re-evaluate its media ownership rules pursuant to the obligation specified in the Telecommunications Act of 1996. In June 2003, after its deliberations which included a single public hearing and the review of nearly two-million pieces of correspondence from the public opposing further relaxation of the ownership rules the FCC voted 3-2 to repeal the newspaper/broadcast cross-ownership ban and to make changes to or repeal a number of its other ownership rules as well. In the order, the FCC noted that the newspaper/broadcast cross-ownership rule was no longer necessary in the public interest to maintain competition, diversity or localism. However, in 2007 the FCC revised its rules and ruled that they would take it “case-by-case and determine if the cross-ownership would affect the public interest. The rule changes permitted a company to own a newspaper and broadcast station in any of the nation’s top 20 media markets as long as there are at least eight media outlets in the market. If the combination included a television station, that station couldn’t be in the market’s top four. As it has since 2003, Prometheus Radio Project argued that the relaxed rule would pave the way for more media consolidation. Broadcasters, pointing to the increasing competition from new platforms, argued that the FCC’s rules—including other ownership regulations that govern TV duopolies and radio ownership—should be relaxed even further. The FCC, meanwhile, defended its right to change the rules either way.“ That public interest is what the FCC bases its judgments on, whether a media cross-ownership would be a positive and contributive force, locally and nationally.
The FCC held one official forum, February 27, 2003, in Richmond, Virginia in response to public pressures to allow for more input on the issue of elimination of media ownership limits. Some complain that more than one forum was needed.
In 2003 the FCC set out to re-evaluate its media ownership rules specified in the Telecommunications Act of 1996.
On June 2, 2003, FCC, in a 3-2 vote under Chairman Michael Powell, approved new media ownership laws that removed many of the restrictions previously imposed to limit ownership of media within a local area. The changes were not, as is customarily done, made available to the public for a comment period.
The decision by the FCC was overturned by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in "Prometheus Radio Project v. FCC" in June, 2004. The Majority ruled 2-1 against the FCC and ordered the Commission to reconfigure how it justified raising ownership limits. The Supreme Court later turned down an appeal, so the ruling stands.
In June 2006, the FCC adopted a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (FNPR) to address the issues raised by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and also to perform the recurring evaluation of the media ownership rules required by the Telecommunications Act. The deliberations would draw upon three formal sources of input:(1) the submission of comments, (2) ten Commissioned studies, and (3) six public hearings.
The FCC in 2007 voted to modestly relax its existing ban on newspaper/broadcast cross-ownership. 
The FCC voted December 18, 2007 to eliminate some media ownership rules, including a statute that forbids a single company to own both a newspaper and a television or radio station in the same city. FCC Chairman Kevin Martin circulated the plan in October 2007. Martin's justification for the rule change is to ensure the viability of America's newspapers and to address issues raised in the 2003 FCC decision that was later struck down by the courts. The FCC held six hearings around the country to receive public input from individuals, broadcasters and corporations. Because of the lack of discussion during the 2003 proceedings, increased attention has been paid to ensuring that the FCC engages in proper dialogue with the public regarding its current rules change.
FCC Commissioners Deborah Taylor-Tate and Robert McDowell joined Chairman Martin in voting in favor of the rule change. Commissioners Michael Copps and Jonathan Adelstein, both Democrats, opposed the change.
In 2013 the FCC proposed that a pre-digital rule that counted each UHF station as worth half a VHF station for the ownership rules be removed.
Local content.
A recent study found that news stations operated by a small media company produced more local news and more locally produced video than large chain-based broadcasting groups. It was then argued that the FCC claimed, in 2003, that larger media groups produced better quality local content. Research by Philip Napoli and Michael Yan showed that larger media groups actually produced less local content. In a different study, they also showed that "ownership by one of the big four broadcast networks has been linked to a considerable decrease in the amount of televised local public affairs programming" 
The major reasoning the FCC made for deregulation was that with more capital broadcasting organizations could produce more and better local content. However, the research studies by Napoli and Yan showed that once teamed-up, they produced less content. Cross ownership between broadcasting and newspapers is a complicated issue. The FCC believes that more deregulation is necessary. However, with research studies showing that they produced less local content - less voices being heard that are from within the communities. While less local voices are heard, more national-based voices do appear. Chain-based companies are using convergence, the same content being produced across multiple mediums, to produce this mass-produced content. It's cheaper and more efficient than having to run different local and national news. However, with convergence and chain-based ownership you can choose which stories to run and how the stories are heard - being able to be played in local communities and national stage.
Media consolidation debate.
Robert W. McChesney.
McChesney believes that the Free Press' objective is a more diverse and competitive commercial system with a significant nonprofit and noncommercial sector. It would be a system built for the citizens, but most importantly - it would be accessible to anyone who wants to broadcast. Not only specifically the big corporations that can afford to broadcast nationally, but more importantly "locally". McChesney suggests that to better our current system we need to ""establish a bona fide noncommercial public radio and television system, with local and national stations and networks. The expense should come out of the general budget"" 
Benjamin Compaine.
Benjamin Compaine believes that the current media system is “one of the most competitive major industries in U.S. commerce.” He believes that much of the media in the United States is operating in the same market. He also believes that all the content is being interchanged between different media. 
Compaine believes that due to convergence, two or more things coming together, the media has been saved. Because of the ease of access to send the same message across multiple and different mediums, the message is more likely to be heard. He also believes that due to the higher amount of capital and funding, the media outlets are able to stay competitive because they are trying to reach more listeners or readers by using newer media.
Benjamin Compaine's main argument is that the consolidation of media outlets, across multiple ownerships, has allowed for a better quality of content. He also stated that the news is interchangeable, and as such, making the media market less concentrated than previously thought, the idea being that since the same story is being pushed across multiple different platforms, then it can only be counted as one news story from multiple sources. Compaine also believed the news is more readily available, making it far easier for individuals to access than traditional methods.

</doc>
<doc id="31197949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197949" title="Radical 136">
Radical 136

Radical 136 meaning "oppose" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 10 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197962" title="Nuclear energy in Chile">
Nuclear energy in Chile

In Chile, although there is no commitment from the government to introduce nuclear energy until 2011, the debate is ongoing. In February 2007, the Energy Ministry of Chile announced that it was beginning technical studies into the development of nuclear power, despite being highly rejected by some sectors of the population. 

</doc>
<doc id="31197966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197966" title="The Rains Came (song)">
The Rains Came (song)

"The Rains Came" is a single by American country music artist Freddy Fender. Released in 1977, it was the third single from his album "Rock 'n' Country". The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31197973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197973" title="It's Love Again">
It's Love Again

"It's Love Again" is a 1936 British musical film directed by Victor Saville and starring Jessie Matthews, Robert Young and Sonnie Hale. A chorus girl masquerades as a big game hunter to try and boost her showbiz career.
The film was made at the Lime Grove Studios, with art direction by Alfred Junge.

</doc>
<doc id="31197982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197982" title="Mangamma (film)">
Mangamma (film)

Mangamma is a 1997 Malayalam film written and directed by T. V. Chandran, and produced by National Film Development Corporation of India (NFDC). It stars Revathi, Nedumudi Venu, Vijayaraghavan and Thilakan in major roles.
The film met with critical acclaim. T. V. Chandran won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Director. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam. Revathi's performance is widely regarded as one of the best in her career.
Plot.
The film is set in two periods — the first in the political milieu of the 1960s when Kerala was brought under the Presidential rule after the dismissal of the first Communist ministry; the second in 1976 during the Emergency, the time of police excesses and political witch-hunting. Due to constant harassment by the local MLA-cum-landlord, Mangamma (Revathi) and her father (Thilakan) are forced to flee their village on the Tamil Nadu-Kerala border. The landlord's son attempts to rape Mangamma's younger sister but unfortunately they both die in a fire that destroys the hut. Mangamma and her father are offered shelter and a job by Nair (Nedumudi Venu), who runs a tea shop with his adopted son Velayudhan. Nair marries Mangamma after her father's death.
The later part of the film takes place 16 years later. Mangamma and Nair have a 15-year-old son - Sankaran, who just flirts around with Lucy, a girl who helps Mangamma in her popcorn business. When Velayudhan who has worked with her since childhood disappears one day, the shop is thrown into disarray. Velayudhan (M. G. Sasi) is now a rebel, wanted by the police. A rich contractor wants to buy Nair's land, and his refusal brings about a catastrophe. The police harasses Mangamma and Nair. Nair becomes one of the many faceless, nameless victims of the Emergency — he dies in police custody. The tea shop is burnt. Standing up to these trials, Mangamma survives. In the last shot, Velayudhan sits in the tea shop. He is reading a book. He remains in the frame even as Mangamma leaves.
Cast and characters.
Other major characters are

</doc>
<doc id="31197986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197986" title="Radical 137">
Radical 137

Radical 137 meaning "boat" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 197 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31197987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197987" title="Judy Schwank">
Judy Schwank

Judith Schwank (born 1951) is an American politician. A Democrat, she was elected to the Pennsylvania Senate from the 11th district in a special election on March 15, 2011 to succeed the late Mike O'Pake. The district includes the city of Reading and most of eastern Berks County.
Biography.
Schwank attended the Pennsylvania State University, where she earned a B.S. and M.Ed. in agricultural education. She continued her studies at Harvard University, where she completed the Executive Leadership Program through the Institute for Conservation Leadership and the Institute for the Management of Life-Long Education.
Schwank then worked as a Berks County horticultural agent with the Penn State Cooperative Extension for 19 years, during which time she established the Master Gardener Program. In 1991, she became the first female director of the Berks County Cooperative Extension Program, a position she held until 1999. 
From 2000 to 2007, Schwank served two terms as an elected Berks County Commissioner. She also served as the Commission chair from 2004 to 2007. "“I always thought Berks County was property-tax central,” said state Sen. Judy Schwank, a Democrat whose district is in Berks County." In 2004, she was appointed by Governor Ed Rendell as chair of the Pennsylvania State Planning Board. She later served as President and CEO of 10,000 Friends of Pennsylvania, a statewide non-profit organization that promotes responsible land use and development. In January 2010, she was appointed Dean of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences at Delaware Valley College.
Pennsylvania Senate.
2011 special election.
On December 27, 2010, longtime Democratic State Senator Mike O'Pake died from complications following heart surgery. A special election was announced to fill the remaining two years in O'Pake's four-year term. On January 22, 2011, Schwank was nominated by the Berks County Democratic Committee and subsequently approved by the state committee.
Her Republican opponent was Larry Medaglia, the Berks County register of wills. On March 15, Schwank soundly defeated Medaglia by a margin of 58%-42%. She received 20,124 votes to Medaglia's 14,794.

</doc>
<doc id="31197989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197989" title="Living It Down">
Living It Down

"Living It Down" is a single by American country music artist Freddy Fender. Released in 1976, it was the first single from his album "If You're Ever in Texas". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31197994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31197994" title="Bakalli">
Bakalli

Bakalli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31198014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198014" title="The U Movie">
The U Movie

The U Movie is a 2010 Canadian documentary film that describes the backpacking adventures of Alexander Reid and Thomas Douglas as they travel to the South Pacific in late September 2004.
Theumovie won the Sir Edmund Hillary Award at the 2011 Mountain Film Festival and the Rising Star Award in Filmmaking at the 2011 Canada International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31198016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198016" title="Gergel">
Gergel

Gergel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31198018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198018" title="Paper Rosie">
Paper Rosie

"Paper Rosie" is a song written and originally recorded by Canadian country music artist Dallas Harms. Harms' version peaked at number 21 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in 1975.
The song was later covered by American country music artist Gene Watson. Released in 1977, it was the first single from his album "Paper Rosie". Watson's version peaked at No. 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in the spring of 1977. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Lyrical content.
The song is set at a roadside tavern and is told from the viewpoint of a person there who buys a paper rose from an elderly female vendor. Shortly thereafter, he hears the ringing of church bells and choir voices and realizes a funeral is taking place nearby. When he hears the choir singing "paper Rosie," he realizes that the funeral is for the woman who'd just sold him the rose. The song suggests that it was actually the spirit of the woman who sold him the paper flower.

</doc>
<doc id="31198060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198060" title="Saying Hello, Saying I Love You, Saying Goodbye">
Saying Hello, Saying I Love You, Saying Goodbye

"Saying Hello, Saying I Love You, Saying Goodbye" is a single by American country music artists Jim Ed Brown and Helen Cornelius. Released in November 1976, it was the second single from their album "I Don't Want to Have to Marry You". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31198078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198078" title="Three Kingdoms RPG">
Three Kingdoms RPG

Three Kingdoms RPG is a 2012 Hong Kong television series produced by TVB, with Lau Kar-ho serving as the drama's executive producer. It stars Kenneth Ma as Szema Shun, a young Hong Kong game addict, who accidentally travels back in time to the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history.
Plot.
Vincent Szema (Kenneth Ma) is a game addict who goes back to the Three Kingdoms period, and meets many historical figures. He becomes Zhuge Liang's trusted advisor and utilized modern strategies to overcome issues and obstacles. Vincent develops feelings for a female servant in the castle of Shu. Vincent was able to maintain contact with his sister through his smart phone and learned that the time warp would take place at the "Battle of Chi Bi."
Viewership ratings.
The following is a table that includes a list of the total ratings points based on television viewership. 
Anachronistic elements:
1) Food: Maize and peanuts did not exist in Three Kingdoms China
2) The characters sat on chairs instead of kneeling on mats, thus they all kept their shoes on when indoors
3) Paper should have been quite common already, yet the various books are in bamboo

</doc>
<doc id="31198089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198089" title="A Whole Lotta Things to Sing About">
A Whole Lotta Things to Sing About

"A Whole Lotta Things to Sing About" is the title of a song written by ben Peters, and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride. It was released in August 1976 as the first single from his album "She's Just an Old Love Turned Memory". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31198091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198091" title="Radical 138">
Radical 138

Radical 138, a Chinese character meaning "stillness" is 1 of 29 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 6 strokes. In Taoist Ba gua cosmology, 艮 is the seventh of eight trigrams.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are just five characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31198092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198092" title="DishHD">
DishHD

DishHD is a high-definition direct-to-home (DTH) satellite television service in Asia. The DishHD channel lineup is sold in two packages (Standard and Premier). DishHD programming includes both high-definition video channels as well as premium audio channels. The DishHD Premier Package provides consumers with the best HD channel selection in Taiwan
DishHD is also the only TV service provider that offers the complete on-screen program guide and menu option in English version. 

</doc>
<doc id="31198100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198100" title="The Young Elizabethan">
The Young Elizabethan

The Young Elizabethan was a British children's literary magazine of the 20th century.
The magazine was founded in 1948 as Collins Magazine for Boys & Girls. In 1953, two weeks before the coronation of Elizabeth II, the magazine changed its name to "The Young Elizabethan" to honour the new queen. In 1958 it changed again to The Elizabethan.
"The Young Elizabethan" generally serialised novels and also contained short stories, book reviews, poems, puzzles, and drawings. It was targeted at grammar school students. It ceased publication in 1973.
One of the magazine's editors was Kaye Webb.

</doc>
<doc id="31198129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198129" title="Body-in-Blue">
Body-in-Blue

Body-in-blue is a term used in the automotive industry for the set of body parts of a car, comprising the windows and the sheet metal components that are welded or glued together before other areas of the car (such as the trim, the engine, the drivetrain, etc.) are joined to it on the production line. A body-in-blue completely encloses the interior car cavity.

</doc>
<doc id="31198144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31198144" title="Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol">
Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol

Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol (, ) is a 1975 Malayalam feature film directed by P. A. Backer, produced by Pavithran, and starring T. V. Chandran, Shalini, Raveendran and J. Siddiqui. This leftist political drama film came out during the Emergency period. It was the directorial debut of P. A. Backer, who won that year's awards for Best Director and Second Best Film at the Kerala State Film Awards. Pavithran, who later directed many critically acclaimed Malayalam films produced the film. T. V. Chandran, who also later went on to direct a bevy of award winning films in Malayalam and Tamil, played the lead role. After certain post-production controversies, the film debuted in theatres on 16 July 1976.
Plot.
The film is a love story between a young woman (Shalini) and a radical political activist (T. V. Chandran), who is declared to be Naxalite. The film ends with the police killing him and the woman learning about his death through the newspaper.
Production and release.
The principal production started in June 1975. The day when shoot of the film commenced in Bangalore, Emergency was declared in India. Strict warnings by the Government against any act that supported extremist activity left P. A. Backer, in two minds for the film had a Naxalite as its hero. Both Backer and Chandran sought Pavithran's opinion who had said, "Let's go ahead.". 
The film was screened at several film festivals in 1975. It was not given the censor certificate for the theme it dealt with for more than a year. It released in theatres during the Emergency period itself, on 16 July 1976.
The English title of the film is "When the River Kabani Turned Red".

</doc>
