<doc id="622111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622111" title="Koreatown">
Koreatown

A Koreatown (), also known as a Little Korea, or Little Seoul, is a Korean ethnic enclave within a city or metropolitan area outside of the Korean Peninsula.
History.
Koreatowns as an Asian ethnic enclave have only been in existence since the mid 1860s as Korea had been a territorially stable polity for centuries; as Jaeeun Kim describe it, "The congruence of territory, polity, and population was taken for granted". Large-scale emigration from Korea were only mainly into the Russian Far East and Northeast China; these emigrants became the ancestors of the 2 million Koreans in China and several hundred thousand ethnic Koreans in Central Asia.
Koreatowns in the western countries such as the United States, Canada have only been in place much later with the Los Angeles Chinatown receiving official recognition in 2008. Also many Koreatowns are not officially sanctioned where the only evidence of such enclaves exist as clusters of Korean stores with Korean signage existing only on the storefronts. In the 1992 Los Angeles riots, many Korean businesses were targeted where the signage only served to point out targets for rioters. In Philadelphia's Koreatown, anti-Korean sentiment was so strong that official signage was often vandalized as residents protested the "official recognition" of such areas, making many Koreatowns across the western countries never having official statuses that many Chinatowns receive today. Many Koreatowns today exist in a suburban setting as opposed to the urban settings of Chinatown mainly because many ethnic Koreans, especially in the western countries, fear crime that is often associated with the city dwellings and the higher quality of schools as education is often a top priority, which is why the Philadelphia Koreatowns exist in suburban settings such as Cheltenham, Pennsylvania instead of its original location in the Olney section of Philadelphia.
Characteristics.
The features described below are characteristic of many modern Koreatowns.
Korean signage.
Many modern Koreatowns will exhibit the usage of the Korean language and Hangul on storefront signs as sometimes on official highway signage. Officially sanctioned Koreatowns may also exhibit signs in the local language. In English, the word "Koreatown", "Little Korea", and "Korea Way" can sometimes be seen, as in the case with the Los Angeles Koreatown. As Korean is the official language of South Korea and North Korea as well as one of the two official languages in China's Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture, there are approximately 80 million people speak Korean worldwide. For over a millennium, Korean was written with adapted Chinese characters called hanja, complemented by phonetic systems like "hyangchal, gugyeol," and "idu". In the 15th century, a national writing system called hangul was commissioned by Sejong the Great, but it only came into widespread use in the 20th century, because of the "yangban" aristocracy's preference for hanja.
Most historical linguists classify Korean as a language isolate while a few consider it to be in the controversial Altaic language family. The Korean language is agglutinative in its morphology and SOV in its syntax.
Korean restaurants.
Many Koreatowns will have stores that serve Korean cuisine, usually serving as the major differentiator between other Asian ethnic enclaves such as Chinatown and Little Saigons. The Korean national cuisine known today has evolved through centuries of social and political change. Originating from ancient agricultural and nomadic traditions in southern Manchuria and the Korean peninsula, Korean cuisine has evolved through a complex interaction of the natural environment and different cultural trends.
Korean cuisine is largely based upon rice, vegetables, and meats. Traditional Korean meals are noted for the number of side dishes ("banchan") that accompany steam-cooked short-grain rice. Kimchi is served often, sometimes at every meal. Commonly used ingredients include sesame oil, "doenjang" (fermented bean paste), soy sauce, salt, garlic, ginger, pepper flakes and "gochujang" (fermented red chili paste).
Ingredients and dishes vary by province. Many regional dishes have become national, and dishes that were once regional have proliferated in different variations across the country. The Korean royal court cuisine once brought all of the unique regional specialties together for the royal family. Meals are regulated by Korean cultural etiquette.
Locations.
Korean demographics.
Many Koreatowns are actual ethnic enclaves where nearly four-fifths of expatriate Koreans live in just three countries: China, the United States, and Japan. Other countries with greater than 0.5% Korean minorities include Australia, Canada, Kazakhstan, New Zealand, and Uzbekistan. All these figures include both permanent migrants and sojourners. If one focuses on long-term residents, there were about 5.3 million Korean emigrants as of 2010.
Asia.
China.
Beijing.
There are roughly 200,000 Koreans living in Beijing, including 120,000 "Joseonjok" (ethnic Korean citizens of China) and about 80,000 South Korean expatriates. Prominent areas include Wudaokou and Wangjing. There are two Koreatowns in Beijing, the bigger Korean enclave is located in Wangjing in the Chaoyang district. There are many Korean companies who have established their businesses in Wangjing. Wangjing also has an all-Korean international school(all grade levels) located in the Wangjing vicinity. Many of the Korean businesses in Wangjing cater towards families, businessmen, students and tourists with restaurants, bath houses/spas, bookstores, clubs/bars, golfing and Korean banks all in the area. Although Wangjing is known as a Korean district, there is also a great number of third- and fourth-generation Korean Chinese ethnic minorities also live and coexist with South Korean nationals. The second Koreatown, Wudaokou, is located in the Haidian district which is where most of the city's universities are located. Because of the vibrant university scene in Wudaokou, there are many Korean college students who live and attend universities in this area. Although the Korean districts are on different ends of the city, Wangjing and Wudaokou is connected by subway line 13.
Qingdao.
An estimated 182,000 ethnic Koreans live in Qingdao, Shandong Province, including 134,000 "Joseonjok" and 48,000 South Korean expatriates.
Shenyang.
Shenyang has a large Koreatown known as Xita/Seotap (Chinese: 西塔, ) meaning Western Pagoda. Both North and South Korea have consulates in Shenyang but in different districts.
Shanghai.
86,000 Koreans live in Shanghai, including 65,000 "Joseonjok" and 21,000 South Korean expatriates. Longbai in the Minhang district, to the west of the city, has a Korean-oriented neighborhood.
Indonesia.
A 31,000 m2 Koreatown block is being constructed on north Jakarta Pulomas. Upon its completion, it will be the first artificially-made Koreatown in the world with 7 blocks and 9 buildings.
Koreans in Indonesia number approximately 40,000, which makes Indonesia the 12th largest country with Koreans living outside of Korea.
Japan.
During the Korea under Japanese rule, approximately 2.4 million ethnic Koreans emigrated to Japan. Some for economic reasons, and some were forced to move during the Second World War to work as laborers. While most departed after the war, still many chose to remain, and were joined in the 1950s by a wave of refugees from Jeju Island. Today, Koreans, known as "Zainichi Koreans" (, who on paper retain the nationality of the old Korea)" or Zainichi Koreans" (, who have adopted South Korean nationality), are the largest ethnic minority in Japan, amounting to 620,000 in 2002. Those with North Korean ties are a key source of remittances to North Korea. There is a separate group of more recent migrants from South Korea with strong links to their home country, and there is a considerable cultural gap between these so-called "newcomers" and the Zainichi Koreans.
Osaka.
The Korean enclave in the city of Osaka, numbering over 90,000, is the largest in Japan, concentrated in the Ikuno Ward, where 25% of the inhabitants are of Korean origin. Tsuruhashi in the Ward is the most famous Koreatown in Japan and is dominated by Jeju Islanders. Imazato-Shinchi is an area increasingly dominated by recent South Korean "new-comers". The total Korean population in Osaka prefecture amounted to 150,000 in 2002.
Tokyo.
According to official statistics in 2002, the Korean population in Tokyo amounted to 80,000, which was the second largest following that of Osaka.
Tokyo's Korean-oriented commercial centre is located in the district of Okubo around the area of Shin-Okubo Station and Okubo Station in Shinjuku Ward. Shinjuku Ward itself has over 14,201 registered Korean residents this is over 20% of the registered Korean residents in Tokyo; Unlike other Japanese Koreatowns, the Okudo Koreatown developed after World War II and is dominated by "new-comers" - recent immigrants from South Korea who have retained their ethnic and cultural identity, as can be seen from the ubiquitous signs written in hangul.
One of the contributing factors in the development of Okubo into a Korean area is the low rents and a reputation as a seedy area with many Love Hotels south of Okubo station. The low rents and willingness of landlords to accept foreign tenants has attached Korean and other Asian migrants to the area. These Businesses cater of the migrant community and increasingly Japanese who come to experience ethnic cuisine. Other immigrants from China, Taiwan, Southeast Asia, and various other nationalities makes this one of the most colourful and multicultural areas in Tokyo.
The area around Mikawashima station on the Jōban Line, to the north of the city, is a Koreatown dominated by Zainichi immigrants from Jeju island.
Also noteworthy is a smaller-scale Zainichi Korean quarter to the southeast of Ueno station, and to the southwest, a community of South Korean "new-comers".
Kyoto.
A small Koreatown has developed in the Gion neighborhood (the Geisha district) of Kyoto.
Shimonoseki.
Green Mall in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi is a Koreatown. It is also known as "Little Pusan" partly because of the Kanpu ferry that goes to the city of Pusan in South Korea.
Hong Kong.
In 2011, there were 13,288 individuals of Korean descent in Hong Kong. Kimberley Street in Tsim Sha Tsui has Korean cuisine restaurants and Korean grocery stores. Kimberley Street is nicknamed mini Koreatown (小韓國; lit. Little Korea).
Malaysia.
Koreans in Malaysia numbered 14,580 individuals as of 2009, nearly triple the total of 5,920 individuals in 2005, according to South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade. This made them the 20th-largest community of overseas Koreans, and the 5th-largest in Southeast Asia. The number of retirees coming under the Malaysia My Second Home immigration programme has also been increasing.
Kuala Lumpur.
There are more than 20,000 Koreans living in the capital of Malaysia. Sri Hartamas is an affluent residential township in the city which houses many expatriate families, particularly from Korea. There are two Korean supermarkets in the area - Seoul Mart and Lotte Mart, various Korean restaurants and many Korean hair saloons. Malaysia's first officially-registered school for Korean nationals, the Malaysia Korean School, was established on 7 December 1974; it had 26 teachers and enrolled 148 students as of 2006. It is located on Jalan Ampang.
Sabah.
About 1,800 to 2,000 Koreans reside in Sabah, most of them in the state's capital of Kota Kinabalu. Sabah Oil and Gas Terminal project in Kimanis, Papar has brought South Korean employees of Samsung Engineering to work and live there until the terminal completion in December 2013. Around 200,000 South Korean tourists came to Malaysia in 2006; Kota Kinabalu was their most popular destination.
Philippines.
The most well-known Koreatown in the Metro Manila area is located in Makati's Barangay Poblacion. Most of the Korean businesses can be found in the area bounded north-south by JP Rizal Avenue and Jupiter, and east-west by Makati Avenue and Rockwell Drive, with P. Burgos running roughly through the middle of the area. In Quezon City, the Kalayaan Plaza Building has various Korean businesses, apartments, and a church (one of seven or eight Korean churches in QC that existed in 2005). Increasingly, students are billeted in rented houses in expensive gated communities such as Barangay Ayala Alabang, Muntinlupa City.
Singapore.
There are Koreatowns in the Upper Bukit Timah area and the Tanjong Pagar area due to the large number of Koreans living in these two areas. Koreans in Singapore formed a population of 16,650 individuals as of 2010, according to the South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
Taiwan.
Jhongsing Street in Yonghe, New Taipei, a suburb of Taipei, is concentrated with stores opened by migrated Chinese Koreans, lending it the nickname of "Korean Street".
North America.
United States.
The first large group of Korean Immigrants settled in America between 1901 and 1905. Between those years 7,226 immigrants, including 6,048 men, 637 women, and 541 children, came on 65 trips. Most of the early immigrants of that period had some contract with American missionaries in Korea. For some Western-oriented Korean intellectuals, immigrating to the United States was considered useful, in part, to help them in the modernization of their homeland. Consequently, the recruiter for labourers for the Hawaiian Sugar Planters' Association (HSPA), David Deshler, had no trouble finding Koreans from a wide range of social classes willing to sail to Hawaii.
Atlanta, Georgia.
Atlanta has a population of approximately 50,000 individuals of Korean descent. Atlanta's Koreatown is mostly centered around the I-85 corridor extending from Duluth, Georgia to Buford Highway in Northeast Atlanta. KoreanBeacon named Atlanta #5 in its list of Top Korean-American cities, citing the Korean population in Gwinnett County, GA doubling over the past decade, in addition to large stretches of Buford Highway being populated with retail and services with many signs in Korean. Atlanta also has four Korean-language television stations broadcast in the Atlanta area, in addition to a local daily Korean newspaper, the Atlanta ChoSun.
Baltimore, Maryland.
There is a small portion of lower Charles Village that is sometimes referred to as Koreatown or Little Korea and is home to a number of Korean restaurants, but it has not been officially designated as a Koreatown. This informal Koreatown is bounded on the north by 24th Street, on the south by North Avenue, on the west by Maryland Avenue, and on the east by St. Paul Street.
Boston, Massachusetts.
Boston's Koreatown is in Allston Village, which includes parts of Cambridge Street and Brighton, Harvard, and Commonwealth Avenues.
Chicago, Illinois.
Chicago's Albany Park neighborhood has been referred to as Chicago's "Koreatown" since the 1980s. The majority of Korean shops in Albany Park can be found along Lawrence Avenue (4800 North) between Kedzie (3200 West) and Pulaski (4000 West). This particular section of Lawrence Avenue has been officially designated by the city of Chicago as "Seoul Drive" because of the multitude of Korean-owned enterprises on the street. Although many of the Korean Americans in the neighborhood have been moving to the north suburbs in recent years, it still retains its Korean flavor. Every year there is a Korean festival, and the neighborhood is home to a Korean television station (WOCH-CD Ch. 41) and radio station (1330 AM) as well as two Korean-language newspapers. There are still many Korean businesses interspersed among the newer Mexican bakeries and Middle Eastern grocery stores. Approximately 45% of the businesses on this particular stretch of Lawrence Avenue are owned by Korean-Americans.
Dallas, Texas.
A sizable Koreatown can be found in Dallas, though this mostly commercial area of the city has not been officially designated as such. Dallas has the largest Korean American community in Texas and second (to Atlanta) in the southern United States. Instead, large signs situated at the intersection of Harry Hines Boulevard and Royal Lane proclaim the area as the Asian Trade District. The signs also feature depictions of a red and blue "taeguk," a symbol that is prominently featured on the national flag of South Korea, thereby acknowledging the specifically Korean affiliation of the district. This area in the northwest part of the city is characterized by a large number of Korean-owned businesses serving the city's sizable Korean American community. Although, Korean business is undoubtedly the most dominant in the area, there are isolated Chinese and Vietnamese businesses as well.
Houston, Texas.
Spring Branch in Houston is considered to have the largest Koreatown in the Houston area.
Denver, Colorado.
Metro Denver’s most distinct, though not officially designated, Korean neighborhood lies in Aurora, immediately east of Denver. The stretch of Parker Road roughly between I-225 and East Jewell Avenue is largely commercial in nature and is dotted with Korean supermarkets, restaurants, and shops. Much of the business signage displays both English and Korean, though some businesses exclusively display Korean characters. Though many Koreans and Korean Americans live in the vicinity, the district also serves as a regional center of Korean products and culture for the entire Front Range and is home to several Korean-language newspapers.
Los Angeles, California.
The Greater Los Angeles Area is home to the largest number of ethnic Koreans outside of Korea. Koreatown is an officially recognized district of the city and contains probably the heaviest concentration of Korean residents and businesses. However, when the term "Koreatown" is used it usually refers to a larger area that includes the adjacent neighborhoods of Wilshire Center, Harvard Heights and Pico Heights. Koreans began to move into the area in the late 1960s after changes in US immigration laws, establishing numerous businesses, although never outnumbering Latino residents. In the aftermath of the 1992 riots, Koreatown entered into a period of development, especially during the 1994 Asian Market Crisis as South Korean investors sought to invest in the then-profitable California real-estate market. More recently, L.A.'s Koreatown has been perceived to have experienced declining political power secondary to re-districting and an increased crime rate, prompting an exodus of Koreans from the area.
New York metropolitan area.
As of the 2010 United States Census, the self-identified Korean American population in the metropolitan New York Combined Statistical Area was 218,764.
According to the 2011 American Community Survey, there were approximately 100,000 Korean Americans in New York City, with two-thirds living in borough of Queens. In particular, Fresh Meadows is home to the most Korean immigrants of any neighbourhood in the city. In Bergen County, New Jersey, where several towns are home to significant Korean populations, the survey counted 63,247 Korean Americans or 6.9% of the total population. The Korean population in borough of Manhattan has nearly doubled to approximately 20,000 since the 2000 Census.
As 2014 there were 180 franchisees of Korean coffeehouse chain Caffe Bene in the metro area. Korean Air and Asiana Airlines provide non-stop flights from Seoul to JFK Airport
Manhattan.
In Midtown Manhattan, Koreatown is bordered by 31st and 33rd Streets, Fifth Avenue, and the Avenue of the Americas, close to the Empire State Building and Macy's at Herald Square. The heart of the district is the block of 32nd Street between Fifth Avenue and Broadway, officially nicknamed "Korea Way", which features stores on multiple stories, with small, independently-run establishments reaching up to the third or fourth floors, including restaurants, exuding an ambience of Seoul. The New York City Korean Chamber of Commerce estimates there to be more than 100 small businesses on the block. It is home to numerous restaurants that serve both traditional and/or regional Korean cuisine and Korean fusion fare (including Korean Chinese cuisine), several bakeries, grocery stores, supermarkets, bookstores, consumer electronics outlets, video rental shops, tchotchke and stationery shops, hair and nail salons, "noraebang" bars, nightclubs, as well as cell phone service providers, internet cafés, doctors' offices, banks, and hotels. Approximately twelve 24/7 restaurants conduct business on Korea Way. According to the 2000 Census, a slightly larger area including Koreatown was 46 percent Asian.
Queens and Nassau County.
The Long Island Koreatown is one of the largest and fastest growing ethnic enclaves outside of Korea. The core of this Koreatown originated in the Flushing neighborhood of borough of Queens. It has continued to expand rapidly eastward through the neighborhoods of Murray Hill, Bayside, Douglaston, and Little Neck, and into adjacent suburban Nassau County, Long Island. In the 1980s, a continuous stream of Korean immigrants many of whom began as workers in the medical field or Korean international students moved to New York City to find or initiate professional or entrepreneurial positions. They established a foothold on Union Street in Flushing between 35th and 41st Avenues, featuring restaurants and karaoke ("noraebang") bars, grocery markets, education centers and bookstores, banking institutions, offices, electronics vendors, apparel boutiques, and other commercial enterprises. As the community grew more affluent and rose in socioeconomic status, Koreans moved eastward along Northern Boulevard, buying homes in more affluent and less crowded Queens neighborhoods and Nassau County, bringing their businesses with them. The eastward pressure was created in part by the inability to move westward due to the formidable presence of the enormous Flushing Chinatown (法拉盛華埠) centered on Main Street. The expansion led to the creation of an American "Meokjagolmok", or "Restaurant Street", around the Murray Hill station of Long Island Railroad station which is reminiscent of Seoul.
Bergen County.
"Main articles: Koreatown, Palisades Park, Koreatown, Fort Lee, and Bergen County, New Jersey"
Koreans began moving to eastern Bergen County in the 1980s and by the 1990s several enclaves were established. According to the 2010 Census it has the highest per capita population of Koreans of any United States county at 6.3%, including all of the nation's top ten municipalities by percentage of Korean population. In 2012 the county mandated the publication of voting ballots in the Korean language.
The two most prominent Koreatowns are centered along Broad Avenue in Palisades Park and Ridgefield and around the intersection of Main Street and Lemoine Avenue in Fort Lee, close to the George Washington Bridge. Both districts have developed dining destinations for Korean cuisine. while Broad Avenue in Palisades Park has evolved into a dessert destination as well. The Chusok Korean Thanksgiving harvest festival has become an annual tradition celebrated in Overpeck County Park.
Oakland, California.
The largest concentration of Korean businesses and community services in the San Francisco Bay Area is centered on Oakland's Telegraph Avenue between 20th and 35th Streets between Downtown Oakland and the Temescal district. Roughly 150 Korean-owned businesses are located in the neighborhood, including a shopping center and Korean American community centers. This segment of Telegraph Avenue is lined with bright banners proclaiming the district as "Koreatown-Northgate" with the slogan "Oakland's got Seoul," and accompanied by an annual cultural festival. Officially named "Koreatown-Northgate", the area was characterized by urban decay before Korean Americans began opening businesses and reviving the area in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Before 1991, the area was characterized by homelessness and crime and was known as the Northgate district. The aftermath of the Los Angeles Riots of 1992 also saw a large number of Koreans from Southern California moving to the Bay Area and opening businesses and buying property in the district on a large scale. There has been criticism from the non-Korean residents about the city officially naming the district Koreatown, mostly from the African American population who form the majority in the area. Despite Korean Americans owning much of the property in the neighborhood, the largest group of residents still remains African American. Tensions remain between African Americans and Koreans in the neighborhood, which has witnessed declines in both populations. Despite some Koreans continuing to move into the neighborhood, the majority of the Bay Area's Korean population is concentrated in the suburbs surrounding Oakland and in the South Bay.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
There are at least two areas known as "Koreatown" in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The original Koreatown was located in the Olney section of the city around North 5th Street and subsequently migrated to the Logan section of the city. However, Koreans are generally dispersed with pockets also existing in Upper Darby, West Philadelphia (52nd Street), and Cheltenham.
Washington, DC.
Koreatown in Annandale, Virginia starts at the intersection of Little River Turnpike and Hummer Road, runs for 1.5 miles to the turnpike's intersection with Evergreen Lane, and provides a hub for the 93,787 individuals of Korean descent residing in the Washington-Baltimore-Northern Virginia, DC-MD-VA-WV Combined Statistical Area, as estimated by the 2009 American Community Survey. According to the "Boston Globe", over 1,000 Korean-owned businesses are in Annandale. They cater to Koreans as well as non-Koreans. Businesses and establishments include accountants, banks, bakeries, billiards, bookstores, churches, college preparatory classrooms, cybercafés, department stores, newspapers, optometrists, real estate offices, restaurants and salons.
Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Toronto, Ontario, Canada's Korean Business Area, is composed of the retail businesses along Bloor Street between Christie and Bathurst Streets in the Seaton Village section of The Annex. The adoption of a more liberal immigration policy by the Canadian government in 1967 led to an influx of Korean immigrants, many of whom settled in the Toronto area. Indeed, Toronto has the largest single concentration of Koreans in Canada with almost 50,000 living in the city, according to the 2001 Census. Many of them settled in the Bloor and Bathurst area, and before long, a small Korean business neighbourhood emerged along Bloor Street, centred around the intersection of Bloor and Manning Avenue. Restaurants, bakeries, gift shops, grocery stores, and travel agencies began to open up, most of which catered to the Korean-Canadian community. Today, although many Koreans work in the area, very few Koreans actually live there. An influx of Latino immigrants is changing the demographics of the area today. In fact, there is another Koreatown on Yonge Street between Shepphard Avenue and Finch Avenue, which has more of the Korea population living in the area.
Mexico City, Mexico.
Most of Mexico City’s Korean population lives in and around Zona Rosa. According to the newspaper "Reforma", there are at least 1,000 Koreans living in Zona Rosa and about 3,000 total in Colonia Juárez, the larger official neighborhood of which Zona Rosa is a part. The area around Hamburgo, Praga, Florencia, and Biarritz streets converted into “Pequeño Seul,” or Little Seoul in the 1990s before receding since then.
South America.
Buenos Aires.
Buenos Aires's 'Barrio Coreano' is in the neighborhood of Flores, specifically in the south of this neighborhood. The primary artery of the district is Carabobo Avenue, which houses various Korean businesses and organizations, including restaurants, beauty salons, a Korean school (Instituto Coreano Argentino) and churches, among others.
In recent years, there has been a huge move from the Bajo Flores towards the Avellaneda Avenue, the reason being the increasing theft and insecurity around the slums close to Av. Castanares. 
What some might call these days "The New Koreatown" has been increasing in size at a faster rate while the shops in Av. Carabobo have been closing.
There are over 22,000 Koreans in Argentina, most of them in Buenos Aires, where the Asian population is around 2.5%.
São Paulo, Brazil.
Brazil has several Korean enclaves but, recently a Koreatown was formed in Bom Retiro a densely populated area of Brazil's biggest city, São Paulo.
The Korean consulate in Brazil said that the municipal government in São Paulo has designated Bom Retiro as 'Koreatown' and has passed an ordinance that will see the city provide administrative and financial support to the new community.
The Korean consul general in São Paulo said that the town will be turned into a special Korean economic and cultural district which will help attract tourists from around the world and will further promote Korean culture in Brazil. A more recent return migration has been noted from Brazil back to South Korea.
Santiago, Chile.
The Korean population of Santiago is mostly concentrated in Patronato. Currently, approximately 3000 Koreans live in Chile.
The Korean community is well organized and united. Colonia Coreana organizes several events annually. Among these events are: soccer tournaments, Korean festivals, and the annual Mr. and Ms. Patronato.
Australia.
Sydney.
Sydney's primary Koreatown is located in the heavily immigrant populated neighbourhood areas of Strathfield, Eastwood and Campsie, which is home to The Sydney Korean Society. These suburbs and surrounding areas are famous for their Korean population which have created a strong cultural identity for the community. These areas are home to a number of Korean speaking businesses and retail stores which include Korean restaurants, DVD stores, supermarkets, hairdressers and cafes.
Other important Korean commercial areas are located in the northern Sydney suburbs of Epping and Chatswood. The intersection of Bathurst Street and Pitt Street in Sydney's Central Business District is also becoming a popular area for Korean commercial activity which once again include restaurants, karaoke, supermarkets and hairdressers.
Australia's Korean population is estimated to be around 150,000.
Melbourne.
Melbourne's de facto Koreatown is concentrated around the vicinity of La Trobe Street.
It also now has a distinct pocket on Victoria Street North Melbourne directly opposite the Victoria Market.

</doc>
<doc id="622112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622112" title="Dix River">
Dix River

The Dix River is a tributary of the Kentucky River in central Kentucky in the United States.
It begins in western Rockcastle County, about west of Mount Vernon. It flows generally northwest, in a tight meandering course, passing north of Stanford and east of Danville. Southeast of Danville it is impounded by the Dix Dam to form the Herrington Lake reservoir. The river then flows about before joining the Kentucky River near High Bridge, about southwest of Lexington, in the region of the Kentucky River Palisades.
The watershed of the river is largely agricultural land, with undulating hills over a bed of limestone. The river is a popular destination for fly fishing, in particular for varieties of bass. Occasionally, recreational kayakers and canoeists can be found on tame day trips. Water levels are Class I+ with possible mild class II.

</doc>
<doc id="622116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622116" title="Moss Valley">
Moss Valley

There are multiple valleys known as Moss Valley:

</doc>
<doc id="622117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622117" title="Sepiadariidae">
Sepiadariidae

Sepiadariidae is a family of cephalopods in the order Sepiida.

</doc>
<doc id="622125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622125" title="Red River (Kentucky)">
Red River (Kentucky)

The Red River is a tributary of the Kentucky River in east-central Kentucky in the United States. Via the Kentucky and Ohio rivers, it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
It rises in the mountainous region of the Cumberland Plateau, in eastern Wolfe County, approximately east of Campton. It flows generally west, through Red River Gorge in the Daniel Boone National Forest, then past Stanton and Clay City. It joins the Kentucky approximately southeast of Winchester.
In 1993, a stretch of the river in the Red River Gorge was designated by the federal government as the Red Wild and Scenic River.
The book "The Unforeseen Wilderness" by Wendell Berry was written to deter the Army Corps of Engineers from damming the Red River Gorge in 1971.
Recreation.
The largest golden redhorse ever taken in Kentucky (4 lbs., 5 oz.) was taken in the Red River.

</doc>
<doc id="622126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622126" title="Humayun Azad">
Humayun Azad

Humayun Azad (Bengali: হুমায়ূন আজাদ; 28 April 1947 – 11 August 2004) was a Bangladeshi author, poet, scholar and linguist. He wrote more than seventy titles. In 2012, the Government of Bangladesh honored him with Ekushey Padak posthumously.
Professional and literary life.
Azad was born in the village of Rarhikhal, Munshiganj district. He earned BA degree in Bengali language and literature from University of Dhaka. He obtained his PhD in linguistics from the University of Edinburgh in 1976. He later served as a faculty member of the department of Bengali language and literature at the University of Dhaka. His early career produced works on Bengali linguistics, notably syntax. He is regarded as a leading linguist of the Bengali language.
Towards the end of the 1980s, he started to write newspaper column focusing on contemporary socio-political issues. His commentaries continued throughout the 1990s and were later published as books as they grew in numbers. Through his writings of the 1990s, he established himself as a freethinker and appeared to be an agnostic. In his works, he openly criticized religious extremism, as well as Islam, the major religion in Bangladesh.
In 1992 Professor Azad published the first comprehensive feminist book in Bengali titled "Naari" ("Woman"). Largely akin to "The Second Sex" by Simone de Beauvoir in contents and ideas, "Naari" became a best-seller and earned Humayun Azad popularity as an author. In this work Azad painstakingly compiled the feminist ideas of the West that underlie the feminist contributions of the subcontinent's socio-political reformers and drew attention to the anti-women attitude of some acclaimed Bengali writers including Rabindranath Tagore. The work, critical of the patriarchal and male-chauvinistic attitude of religion towards women, attracted negative reaction from the conservatives. The Government of Bangladesh banned the book in 1995. The ban was eventually lifted in 2000, following a legal battle that Azad won in the High Court of the country.
Assassination attempt.
Azad had been fearing for his life ever since excerpts of his new novel, "Pak Sar Jamin Sad Bad" (Pakistan's national anthem; "Blessed be the Sacred Land") was first published in "The Daily Ittefaq"'s Eid supplement in 2003. In that write-up, he tried to expose the politics and ideology of Islamic fundamentalists of Bangladesh. After that book had been published, he started receiving various threats from the fundamentalists. In an email to Mukto-mona, an independent website, where he was then a member, Azad wrote:
On February 27, 2004, he became the victim of a vicious assassination attempt by assailants near the campus of the University of Dhaka during the annual Bangla Academy book fair. A week prior to Dr Azad's assault, Delwar Hossain Sayeedi, one of the renowned religious leaders of Bangladesh demanded, in the parliament, that Dr Azad's political satire "Pak Sar Jamin Sad Bad" would be banned and demanded the introduction of the Blasphemy Act on the author.
In 2006 the commander of Jama'atul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) admitted to the RAB interrogators that his operatives carried out the attacks on writer Humayun Azad and another faculty member of Rajshahi University in 2004. The official position of Azad's attempt of assassination is still unidentified.
Death.
On August 11, 2004, Professor Azad was found dead in his apartment in Munich, Germany, where he had arrived a week earlier to conduct research on the nineteenth century German romantic poet Heinrich Heine. His family demanded an investigation, alleging that the extremists who had attempted the earlier assassination had a role in this death. He was buried in Rarhikhal, his village home in Bangladesh.
Literary achievements.
The literary career of Humayun Azad started with poetry. However, his poems did not show any notable poetic fervour. On the other hand his literary essays, particularly those based on original research, carried significant value.
He earned a formidable reputation as a newspaper columnist towards the end of the 1980s. His articles were merciless attacks on social and political injustice, hypocrisy and corruption. He was uncowed in protesting military rule. His novel "Chappanno Hazar Borgomile" is a powerful novel written against military dictatorship. His collected his critical remarks in a book styled "Humayun Azader Probochonguccho" which is apparently an influence of Gustave Flaubert's "Dictionary of Received Ideas" .
Publication of "Naari", a feminist work, earned him general popularity and paved way for establishing himself in the literary world of Bangladesh. He started to write novels in 1990s which sold well. Azad's writings indicate his distaste for corrupt politicians, abusive military rulers and fundamentalist Islam.
Nevertheless, his prose shows a well-knit and compact style of his own. His formation of a sentence, choice of words and syntax are very characteristic of him. Although he often fell victim to the temptation of using fiction as a vehicle of conspicuous political and philosophical message, he distinguished himself with his unique style and diction.
Awards.
Azad has received numerous awards; mainly for his all literature works.

</doc>
<doc id="622127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622127" title="Galaga">
Galaga

"Galaga" is one of the most successful games from the Golden Age of Video Arcade Games. The arcade version of it has been ported to many consoles, and it has had several sequels.
Gameplay.
The objective of "Galaga" is to score as many points as possible by destroying insect-like enemies. The player controls a starfighter that can move left and right along the bottom of the playfield. Enemies swarm in groups in a formation near the top of the screen, and then begin flying down toward the player, firing bullets at and attempting to crash into them. In later stages, some enemies even break from an entering group to frantically try to crash into the player. The game ends when the player's last fighter is lost, either by colliding with an enemy, one of its bullets, or by being captured.
"Galaga" introduces a number of new features over its predecessor, "Galaxian". Among these are the ability to fire more than one shot at a time, a count of the player's "hit/miss ratio" at the end of the game, and a bonus "Challenging Stage" that occurs every few stages, in which a series of enemies fly onto and off the screen in set patterns without firing at the player's ship or trying to crash into it. These stages award a 10,000-point bonus if the player manages to destroy every enemy, but otherwise 100 bonus points for every enemy destroyed.
Another gameplay feature new to "Galaga" is the ability for enemies to capture the player's fighter. While the player is in control of just one fighter, a "boss" Galaga (which takes two hits to kill) will periodically attempt to capture the fighter using a tractor beam. If successful, the fighter joins the enemy formation as a satellite to the boss Galaga which captured it. The captive fighter becomes an enemy, and likewise, it can be shot and destroyed. The player can still fire while being captured up to the point their ship "touches" the captor, which could be considered an opportunity to shoot the captor down before it can manage to successfully capture the player. Captive fighters can be freed by destroying the boss Galaga towing it while it is attacking. The freed fighter will then combine with the player's fighter who freed them, offering doubled firepower but with the disadvantage of a target twice as large. If the player destroys the captor while it is still in formation, the captured fighter will not be rescued, and will instead fly away after a diving run (assuming the player does not destroy it) to appear in the next stage as a satellite for another boss Galaga where it can once again be rescued.
"Galaga" has an exploitable bug that can cause the attackers to stop firing bullets at the player, due to a coding error. In addition, similar to the famous "Split-Screen bug" in "Pac-Man", a bug exists in "Galaga" in which the game "rolls over" from Stage 255 to Stage 0. Depending on the difficulty setting of the machine, this can cause the game to stall, requiring that the machine be reset or power-cycled in order to start a new game.
Release history.
Ports and re-releases.
The original arcade version of "Galaga" has been ported to several systems. These include:
The game has been re-released on the following systems:
"Galaga" has also been released as part of the "Namco Museum" series of collections across several platforms:
"Galaga" was used as a side game during the loading stage of the PlayStation port of "Tekken" in 1995. This version consisted entirely of challenging stages. In "Point Blank 2", there are a few "Galaga" challenging stages where the player must shoot a certain amount of enemies to complete the stage. In 2001, Namco released a "20 Year Reunion / Class of 1981" arcade unit which contained the original "Ms. Pac-Man" and "Galaga" games. Some of the original game's bugs are still present in this version, including the ability to stop all enemies from firing at the player. This version added a continue feature, once the player's lives are exhausted, the player can choose to continue or start over. The game was later released as part of the "Pac-Man's Arcade Party" arcade machine in 2010.
Namco began releasing "Galaga" on mobile platforms in 2004. The game is available for play on most game-enabled cell phones, Palm devices and Pocket PCs. In celebration of the 25th anniversary of the game, Sprint is also offering their wireless subscribers the chance to start the game in Dual Fighter Mode.
"Galaga" is also one of the bonus arcade games included in the Wii and Nintendo 3DS versions of "Pac-Man Party".
Remakes.
In 1995, Namco re-released "Galaga" along with an enhanced remake titled "Galaga Arrangement", which features a number of graphical enhancements and gameplay differences from the original. "Galaga Arrangement" has subsequently been published as part of the Namco Museum compilation on several home video game consoles. Another remake, "", was released in 1998 for Windows, the PlayStation, and the Game Boy Color.
A "Galaga Remix" game was part of the 2007 Wii compilation "Namco Museum Remix" and its 2010 follow-up compilation, "Namco Museum Megamix", but its gameplay completely unlike that of the original—the Wii Remote is used as a gun, and players must "protect Pac-Man as he rolls through space, and quickly shoot down invading forces before they attack him."
"Galaga", along with "Galaxian", "Galpus", and "Galaga '88", was "redesigned and modernized" for an iPhone app compilation called the "Galaga 30th Collection", released in commemoration of the event by Namco Bandai.
A free-to-play "Galaga" game based on the anime and manga "Space Dandy", was announced under the name "Space Galaga". The game follows Meow on a quest to capture rare aliens and has the same mechanics as the original arcade game. Additions to this game include free customization of the Aloha Oe and multiplayer competitive versus. It is released exclusively for Apple smartphones.
Critical reception and legacy.
On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the Game Boy version of the game a 24 out of 40. In an article on MAME-based arcade game emulation, "Games" magazine's Eric Berlin placed "Galaga" among his top 7 best holding-up titles from the past, and he described the game as one of the few titles of the era to add new twists to the "Space Invaders" formula by allowing the aliens to capture your ship. "Game Informer" ranked it the 19th best video game in 2001. The staff felt that it was still the best shooter of its kind.
Records.
The world record high score for "Galaga" was set in June 1989 by Stephen Krogman of Boca Raton, Florida. Krogman scored 15,999,990 points based on Marathon rules. On January 1, 2011 Andrew Laidlaw of Kirkland, WA claimed the Tournament setting world record (five ships only, set to greatest difficulty) with a score of 4,525,150 points. The Rapid Fire setting (depression of the fire button causes continuous shooting) world record and "Ms. Pac-Man" / "Galaga": Class of 1981 Fast Shot setting world records are held by Jon Klinkel of Battle Creek, MI with scores of 3,210,590 and 2,913,720 respectively.
"Galaga" in popular culture.
In 1982, shortly after "Galaga" was released in the United States, MGM sent a "Galaga" machine to Matthew Broderick for him to practice prior to shooting the movie "WarGames". He practiced for two months and the "Galaga" arcade unit makes two appearances in the film. 
The arcade cabinet is present in the comic book store setting on the 1990s Nickelodeon sitcom "My Brother and Me".
In 2007, the ABC TV series "Lost" included a submarine named "", in honor of the arcade game. Writers of the series would often play the game between writing sessions. 
"Galaga" appeared briefly in 2012's "The Avengers". Upon entering S.H.I.E.L.D.'s Helicarrier, Tony Stark catches an agent playing "Galaga" and remarks, "That man is playing "Galaga". Thought we wouldn't notice, but we did." After the Avengers' team meeting, the agent returns to his game.
In 2009, the Hallmark greeting card company released a Christmas tree ornament shaped like a "Galaga" arcade machine, complete with sound clips from the game.
In the 2013 novel "University", set in the 1980s, one segment focuses on a marathon "Galaga" session, with wheelchair-bound freshman Dwight Manning making a run at the then-existing world record.
In the 2013 song "All Me" by Drake, the "Galaga" sound can be heard in one part of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="622129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622129" title="List of Formula One Grands Prix">
List of Formula One Grands Prix

The following is a complete list of Grands Prix which have been a part of the FIA World Championship since its inception in 1950.
As of the 2014 British Grand Prix, 906 World Championship Grands Prix have been held, including the Indianapolis 500 races which were a part of the World Championships from 1950 until 1960.
Major auto racing events are usually named "Grands Prix" (plural form of "Grand Prix"), a tradition dating back to the first decade of the 20th Century and the Grand Prix motor racing of the 1920s and 1930s. Formally, for a race to be called a Grand Prix, it should have a race distance of at least 300 km. This rule can be said for every Grand Prix which was ever on the Formula 1 calendar with the exception of the Monaco Grand Prix – which has had a race distance of less than 300 km since 1968. 
Active and past races.
"The information below is correct as of the 2014 Austrian Grand Prix"
By race title.
Bold denotes the 19 Grands Prix to be held in the 2014 season.
By host nation.
Bold denotes the 19 Grands Prix to be held in the 2014 season.
By venue.
Bold denotes the 19 Grands Prix to be held in the 2014 season.
Confirmed future races.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="622145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622145" title="Manual transmission">
Manual transmission

A manual transmission, also known as a manual gearbox, stick shift (for vehicles with hand-lever shifters), standard transmission, 4/5/6 speed (depending on gears) or simply a manual, is type of transmission used in motor vehicle applications. It uses a driver-operated clutch engaged and disengaged by a foot pedal (automobile) or hand lever (motorcycle), for regulating torque transfer from the engine to the transmission; and a gear selector operated by hand (automobile) or by foot (motorcycle).
A conventional, 5 or 6-speed manual transmission is often the standard equipment in a base-model car; other options include automated transmissions such as an automatic transmission (often a manumatic), a semi-automatic transmission, or a continuously variable transmission (CVT).
Overview.
Manual transmissions often feature a driver-operated clutch and a movable gear stick. Most automobile manual transmissions allow the driver to select any forward gear ratio ("gear") at any time, but some, such as those commonly mounted on motorcycles and some types of racing cars, only allow the driver to select the next-higher or next-lower gear. This type of transmission is sometimes called a sequential manual transmission.
The way a manual transmission works is that the flywheel is attached to the engine, the clutch disk is in between the pressure plate and the flywheel. When running, the clutch disk spins with the flywheel. As the clutch pedal is depressed, the throw out bearing is pushed in, which makes the pressure plate stop applying pressure to the clutch disk. This makes it stop receiving power from the engine so that the gear can be shifted without damaging the transmission. When the clutch pedal is released, the clutch disk is allowed to start receiving power from the engine.
Manual transmissions are characterized by gear ratios that are selectable by locking selected gear pairs to the output shaft inside the transmission. Conversely, most automatic transmissions feature epicyclic (planetary) gearing controlled by brake bands and/or clutch packs to select gear ratio. Automatic transmissions that allow the driver to manually select the current gear are called Manumatics. A manual-style transmission operated by computer is often called an "automated" transmission rather than an "automatic".
Contemporary automobile manual transmissions typically use four to six forward gears and one reverse gear, although automobile manual transmissions have been built with as few as two and as many as eight gears. Transmission for heavy trucks and other heavy equipment usually have at least 9 gears so the transmission can offer both a wide range of gears and close gear ratios to keep the engine running in the power band. Some heavy vehicle transmissions have dozens of gears, but many are duplicates, introduced as an accident of combining gear sets, or introduced to simplify shifting. Some manuals are referred to by the number of forward gears they offer (e.g., 5-speed) as a way of distinguishing between automatic or other available manual transmissions. Similarly, a 5-speed automatic transmission is referred to as a "5-speed automatic."
Unsynchronized transmission.
The earliest form of a manual transmission is thought to have been invented by Louis-René Panhard and Emile Levassor in the late 19th century. This type of transmission offered multiple gear ratios and, in most cases, reverse. The gears were typically engaged by sliding them on their shafts (hence the phrase "shifting gears"), which required careful timing and throttle manipulation when shifting, so the gears would be spinning at roughly the same speed when engaged; otherwise, the teeth would refuse to mesh. These transmissions are called "sliding mesh" transmissions or sometimes crash boxes, because of the difficulty in changing gears and the loud grinding sound that often accompanied. Newer manual transmissions on cars have all gears mesh at all times and are referred to as "constant-mesh" transmissions, with "synchro-mesh" being a further refinement of the constant mesh principle.
In both types, a particular gear combination can only be engaged when the two parts to engage (either gears or clutches) are at the same speed. To shift to a higher gear, the transmission is put in neutral and the engine allowed to slow down until the transmission parts for the next gear are at a proper speed to engage. The vehicle also slows while in neutral and that slows other transmission parts, so the time in neutral depends on the grade, wind, and other such factors. To shift to a lower gear, the transmission is put in neutral and the throttle is used to speed up the engine and thus the relevant transmission parts, to match speeds for engaging the next lower gear. For both upshifts and downshifts, the clutch is released (engaged) while in neutral. Some drivers use the clutch only for starting from a stop, and shifts are done without the clutch. Other drivers will depress (disengage) the clutch, shift to neutral, then engage the clutch momentarily to force transmission parts to match the engine speed, then depress the clutch again to shift to the next gear, a process called double clutching. Double clutching is easier to get smooth, as speeds that are close but not quite matched need to speed up or slow down only transmission parts, whereas with the clutch engaged to the engine, mismatched speeds are fighting the rotational inertia and power of the engine.
Even though automobile and light truck transmissions are now almost universally synchronized, transmissions for heavy trucks and machinery, motorcycles, and for dedicated racing are usually not. Non-synchronized transmission designs are used for several reasons. The friction material, such as brass, in synchronizers is more prone to wear and breakage than gears, which are forged steel, and the simplicity of the mechanism improves reliability and reduces cost. In addition, the process of shifting a synchromesh transmission is slower than that of shifting a non-synchromesh transmission. For racing of production-based transmissions, sometimes half the teeth on the dog clutches are removed to speed the shifting process, at the expense of greater wear.
Heavy duty trucks often use unsynchronized transmissions, though military trucks usually have synchronized transmissions, allowing untrained personnel to operate them in emergencies. In the United States, traffic safety rules refer to non-synchronous transmissions in classes of larger commercial motor vehicles. In Europe, heavy duty trucks use synchronized gearboxes as standard.
Similarly, most modern motorcycles use unsynchronized transmissions: their low gear inertias and higher strengths mean that forcing the gears to alter speed is not damaging, and the pedal operated selector on modern motorcycles, with no neutral position between gears (except, commonly, 1st and 2nd), is not conducive to having the long shift time of a synchronized gearbox. On bikes with a 1-N-2(-3-4...) transmission, it is necessary either to stop, slow down, or synchronize gear speeds by blipping the throttle when shifting from 2nd into 1st.
Synchronized transmission.
Most modern manual-transmission vehicles are fitted with a synchronized gear box. Transmission gears are always in mesh and rotating, but gears on one shaft can freely rotate or be locked to the shaft. The locking mechanism for a gear consists of a collar (or "dog collar") on the shaft which is able to slide sideways so that teeth (or "dogs") on its inner surface bridge two circular rings with teeth on their outer circumference: one attached to the gear, one to the shaft. When the rings are bridged by the collar, that particular gear is rotationally locked to the shaft and determines the output speed of the transmission. The gearshift lever manipulates the collars using a set of linkages, so arranged so that one collar may be permitted to lock only one gear at any one time; when "shifting gears", the locking collar from one gear is disengaged before that of another is engaged. One collar often serves for two gears; sliding in one direction selects one transmission speed, in the other direction selects another.
In a synchromesh gearbox, to correctly match the speed of the gear to that of the shaft as the gear is engaged the collar initially applies a force to a cone-shaped brass clutch attached to the gear, which brings the speeds to match prior to the collar locking into place. The collar is prevented from bridging the locking rings when the speeds are mismatched by synchro rings (also called blocker rings or baulk rings, the latter being spelled "balk" in the U.S.). The synchro ring rotates slightly due to the frictional torque from the cone clutch. In this position, the dog clutch is prevented from engaging. The brass clutch ring gradually causes parts to spin at the same speed. When they do spin the same speed, there is no more torque from the cone clutch and the dog clutch is allowed to fall into engagement. In a modern gearbox, the action of all of these components is so smooth and fast it is hardly noticed.
The modern cone system was developed by Porsche and introduced in the 1952 Porsche 356; cone synchronisers were called "Porsche-type" for many years after this. In the early 1950s, only the second-third shift was synchromesh in most cars, requiring only a single synchro and a simple linkage; drivers' manuals in cars suggested that if the driver needed to shift from second to first, it was best to come to a complete stop then shift into first and start up again. With continuing sophistication of mechanical development, fully synchromesh transmissions with three speeds, then four, and then five, became universal by the 1980s. Many modern manual transmission cars, especially sports cars, now offer six speeds. The 2012 Porsche 911 offers a seven-speed manual transmission, with the seventh gear intended for cruising- top speed being attained on sixth.
Reverse gear is usually not synchromesh, as there is only one reverse gear in the normal automotive transmission and changing gears into reverse while moving is not required - and often highly undesirable, particularly at high forward speed. Additionally, the usual method of providing reverse, with an idler gear sliding into place to bridge what would otherwise be two mismatched forward gears, is necessarily similar to the operation of a crash box. Among the cars that have synchromesh in reverse are the 1995-2000 Ford Contour and Mercury Mystique, '00-'05 Chevrolet Cavalier, Mercedes 190 2.3-16, the V6 equipped Alfa Romeo GTV/Spider (916), certain Chrysler, Jeep, and GM products which use the New Venture NV3500 and NV3550 units, the European Ford Sierra and Granada/Scorpio equipped with the MT75 gearbox, the Volvo 850, and almost all Lamborghinis, Hondas and BMWs.
Internals.
Shafts.
Like other transmissions, a manual transmission has several shafts with various gears and other components attached to them. Typically, a rear-wheel-drive transmission has three shafts: an input shaft, a "countershaft" and an output shaft. The countershaft is sometimes called a "layshaft".
In a rear-wheel-drive transmission, the input and output shaft lie along the same line, and may in fact be combined into a single shaft within the transmission. This single shaft is called a "mainshaft". The input and output ends of this combined shaft rotate independently, at different speeds, which is possible because one piece slides into a hollow bore in the other piece, where it is supported by a bearing. Sometimes the term "mainshaft" refers to just the input shaft or just the output shaft, rather than the entire assembly.
In many transmissions the input and output components of the mainshaft can be locked together to create a 1:1 gear ratio, causing the power flow to bypass the countershaft. The mainshaft then behaves like a single, solid shaft: a situation referred to as "direct drive".
Even in transmissions that do not feature direct drive, it's an advantage for the input and output to lie along the same line, because this reduces the amount of torsion that the transmission case has to bear.
Under one possible design, the transmission's input shaft has just one pinion gear, which drives the countershaft. Along the countershaft are mounted gears of various sizes, which rotate when the input shaft rotates. These gears correspond to the forward speeds and reverse. Each of the forward gears on the countershaft is permanently meshed with a corresponding gear on the output shaft. However, these driven gears are not rigidly attached to the output shaft: although the shaft runs through them, they spin independently of it, which is made possible by bearings in their hubs. Reverse is typically implemented differently; see the section on Reverse.
Most front-wheel-drive transmissions for transverse engine mounting are designed differently. For one thing, they have an integral final drive and differential. For another, they usually have only two shafts; input and countershaft, sometimes called input and output. The input shaft runs the whole length of the gearbox, and there is no separate input pinion. At the end of the second (counter/output) shaft is a pinion gear that mates with the ring gear on the differential.
Front-wheel and rear-wheel-drive transmissions operate similarly. When the transmission is put in neutral and the clutch is disengaged, the input shaft, clutch disk and countershaft can continue to rotate under their own inertia. In this state, the engine, the input shaft and clutch, and the output shaft all rotate independently.
Dog clutch.
Among many different types of clutches, a dog clutch provides non-slip coupling of two rotating members. It is not at all suited to intentional slipping, in contrast with the foot-operated friction clutch of a manual-transmission car.
The gear selector does not engage or disengage the actual gear teeth which are permanently meshed. Rather, the action of the gear selector is to lock one of the freely spinning gears to the shaft that runs through its hub. The shaft then spins together with that gear. The output shaft's speed relative to the countershaft is determined by the ratio of the two gears: the one permanently attached to the countershaft, and that gear's mate which is now locked to the output shaft.
Locking the output shaft with a gear is achieved by means of a dog clutch selector. The dog clutch is a sliding selector mechanism which is splined to the output shaft, meaning that its hub has teeth that fit into slots (splines) on the shaft, forcing that shaft to rotate with it. However, the splines allow the selector to move back and forth on the shaft, which happens when it is pushed by a selector fork that is linked to the gear lever. The fork does not rotate, so it is attached to a collar bearing on the selector. The selector is typically symmetric: it slides between two gears and has a synchromesh and teeth on each side in order to lock either gear to the shaft.
Synchromesh.
If the so-called dog teeth make contact with the gear, but the two parts are spinning at different speeds, the teeth will fail to engage and a loud grinding sound will be heard as they clatter together. For this reason, a modern dog clutch in an automobile has a synchronizer mechanism or "synchromesh", which consists of a cone clutch and blocking ring. Before the teeth can engage, the cone clutch engages first, which brings the selector and gear to the same speed using friction. Until synchronization occurs, the teeth are prevented from making contact, because further motion of the selector is prevented by a "blocker" (or "baulk") ring. When synchronization occurs, friction on the blocker ring is relieved and it twists slightly, bringing into alignment certain grooves or notches that allow further passage of the selector which brings the teeth together. The exact design of the synchronizer varies among manufacturers.
The synchronizer has to overcome the momentum of the entire input shaft and clutch disk when it is changing shaft rpm to match the new gear ratio. It can be abused by exposure to the momentum and power of the engine, which is what happens when attempts are made to select a gear without fully disengaging the clutch. This causes extra wear on the rings and sleeves, reducing their service life. When an experimenting driver tries to "match the revs" on a synchronized transmission and force it into gear without using the clutch, the synchronizer will make up for any discrepancy in RPM. The success in engaging the gear without clutching can deceive the driver into thinking that the RPM of the layshaft and transmission were actually exactly matched. Nevertheless, approximate rev. matching "with clutching" can decrease the difference in rotational speed between the layshaft and transmission gear shaft, therefore decreasing synchro wear.
Synchronizing rings are made of metal and can be provided with anti-wear coatings called a friction lining.
Common metals for synchronizer rings are brass and steel. The linings typically consist of molybdenum, iron, bronze or carbon.
The synchronizing rings are produced either by massive forming (common forging) or sheet metal shaping. The latter involves the stamping of the blank out of a sheet metal strip and the subsequent machining with follow-on composite tools or transfer tools. A friction lining usually consists of thermally splashed molybdenum. Alternatively, iron or bronze sinter friction layers can be used. Carbon-coated synchronizer rings are particularly wear resistant and offer very good friction behavior. Due to their higher price, these are reserved for high-performance transmissions.
Reverse.
The previous discussion normally applies only to the forward gears. The implementation of the reverse gear is usually different, implemented in the following way to reduce the cost of the transmission. Reverse is also a pair of gears: one gear on the countershaft and one on the output shaft. However, whereas all the forward gears are always meshed together, there is a gap between the reverse gears. Moreover, they are both attached to their shafts: neither one rotates freely about the shaft. When reverse is selected a small gear, called an "idler gear" or "reverse idler", is slid between them. The idler has teeth which mesh with both gears, and thus it couples these gears together and reverses the direction of rotation without changing the gear ratio.
In other words, when reverse gear is selected, it is in fact "actual" gear teeth that are being meshed, with no aid from a synchronization mechanism. For this reason, the output shaft must not be rotating when reverse is selected: the car must be stopped. In order that reverse can be selected without grinding even if the input shaft is spinning inertially, there may be a mechanism to stop the input shaft from spinning. The driver brings the vehicle to a stop, and selects reverse. As that selection is made, some mechanism in the transmission stops the input shaft. Both gears are stopped and the idler can be inserted between them. There is a clear description of such a mechanism in the Honda Civic 1996-1998 Service Manual, which refers to it as a "noise reduction system":
A reverse gear implemented this way makes a loud whining sound, which is not normally heard in the forward gears. The teeth on the forward gears of most consumer automobiles are helically cut. When helical gears rotate, there is constant contact between gears, which results in quiet operation. In spite of all forward gears being always meshed, they do not make a sound that can be easily heard above the engine noise. By contrast, most reverse gears are spur gears, meaning that they have straight teeth, in order to allow for the sliding engagement of the idler, which is difficult with helical gears. The teeth of spur gears clatter together when the gears spin, generating a characteristic whine.
Attempting to select reverse while the vehicle is moving forward causes severe gear wear (except in transmissions with synchromesh on the reverse gear). However, most manual transmissions have a gate that locks out reverse directly from 5th gear to help prevent this. In order to engage reverse from 5th, the shift lever has to be moved to the center position between 3rd and 4th, then back over and into reverse. Another widespread solution places reverse to the left of 1st gear, instead of behind the 5th (where you might expect to find a 6th gear). Similarly, many newer six-speed manual transmissions have a collar under the shift knob which must be lifted to engage reverse to also help prevent this.
It is clear that the spur gear design of reverse gear represents some compromises (less robust, unsynchronized engagement and loud noise) which are acceptable due to the relatively small amount of driving that takes place in reverse. The gearbox of the classic SAAB 900 is a notable example of a gearbox with a helical reverse gear engaged in the same unsynchronized manner as the spur gears described above. Its strange design allows reverse to share cogs with first gear, and is exceptionally quiet, but results in difficult engagement and unreliable operation. However, many modern transmissions now include a reverse gear synchronizer and helical gearing.
Design variations.
Ratio count.
Until the mid-1950s (earlier in Europe and later in the US, on average) cars were generally equipped with 3-speed transmissions as standard equipment. 4-speed units began to appear on volume-production models in the 1930s (Europe) and 1950s (USA) and gained popularity in the 1960s; some exotics had 5-speeds. In the 1970s, as fuel prices rose and fuel economy became an important selling feature, 4-speed transmissions with an overdrive 4th gear or 5-speeds were offered in mass market automobiles and even compact pickup trucks, pioneered by Toyota (who advertised the fact by giving each model the suffix "SR5" as it acquired the fifth speed). 6-speed transmissions started to emerge in high-performance vehicles in the early 1990s. 7-speed transmissions appeared on extreme high-end supercars, such as the 2005 Bugatti Veyron (semi-automatic manual transmission). In 2012, the Porsche 911 featured a 7-speed manual transmission, becoming the first of its class to support this feature, paving the way for the 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray.
Today, mass market automotive manual transmissions are nearly all at least 5-speed. 4-speed manual transmission had fallen into almost total disuse by the end of the 1980s, having gradually become less common on cars during the 1980s. By the early 1990s, it was normally only found on cars with engines of around 1.0 litres. Recently Porsche announced the next-generation 911 will be available with a 7-speed manual transmission, the first of its kind for a normal automobile with the first six gear ratios the same as the 6-speed gearbox and the 7th gear being of a higher ratio. In 2013, the new 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray will also feature a 7-speed manual transmission.
It has been widely anticipated that for electric vehicles (EVs), clutches and multi-speed gearboxes would not be required, as electric motors can drive the vehicle both forward and reverse from zero speed and typically operate over a wider speed range than combustion engines. Elimination of the gearbox represents a significant reduction in powertrain weight and complexity, and also removes a notable source of parasitic losses. The majority of first-generation consumer EVs have therefore been single-speed. However, current trends indicate that multi-speed gearboxes are likely to return for many future EVs. This allows the use of smaller, lower torque motors running at higher speeds to achieve both greater torque at the wheels for low speed tractive effort, and higher top road speed. Modest efficiency gains are also possible by reducing the proportion of the time that the motor(s) operate at very low speeds where efficiency is reduced. The wider speed range of motors means that the number of ratios required is lower than for combustion engine vehicles, with two to four speed designs emerging as the optimum depending on application.
Initially the Tesla Roadster was intended to have a purpose-built two-speed manual transmission but this gearbox proved to be problematic and was later replaced with a fixed-ratio transmission.
Gear ratios.
The slowest gears (designated '1' or low gear) in most automotive applications allow for three to four engine rotations for each output revolution (3:1). High, or "top", gear in many earlier three or four speed manual transmissions locks the output shaft to spin at the same speed as the engine (1:1). Five and six speed gearboxes are almost always 'overdrive' in top gear with the engine turning less than a full turn for each revolution of the output shaft, 0.8:1 for example (however, the final drive, or differential, always has further reduction gearing).
External overdrive.
In the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s, fuel-efficient highway cruising with low engine speed was in some cases enabled on cars equipped with 3- or 4-speed transmissions by means of a separate overdrive unit in or behind the rear housing of the transmission. This was actuated either manually while in high gear by throwing a switch or pressing a button on the gearstick knob or on the steering column, or automatically by momentarily lifting the foot from the accelerator with the car travelling above a certain road speed. Automatic overdrives were disengaged by flooring the accelerator, and a lockout control was provided to enable the driver to disable overdrive and operate the transmission as a normal (non-overdrive) transmission.
Shaft and gear configuration.
On a conventional rear-drive transmission, there are three basic shafts; the input, the output, and the countershaft. The input and output together are called the "mainshaft", since they are joined inside the transmission so they appear to be a single shaft, although they rotate totally independently of each other. The input length of this shaft is much shorter than the output shaft. Parallel to the mainshaft is the countershaft. There are a number of gears fixed along the countershaft, and matching gears along the output shaft, although these are not fixed, and rotate independently of the output shaft. There are sliding "dog collars", or "dog clutches", between the gears on the output shaft, and to engage a gear to the shaft, the collar slides into the space between the shaft and the inside space of the gear, thus rotating the shaft as well. One collar is usually mounted between two gears, and slides both ways to engage one or the other gears, so on a four-speed there would be two collars. A front-drive transmission is basically the same, but may be simplified. There often are two shafts, the input and the output, but depending on the direction of rotation of the engine, three may be required. Rather than the input shaft driving the countershaft with a pinion gear, the input shaft takes over the countershaft's job, and the output shaft runs parallel to it. The gears are positioned and engaged just as they are on the countershaft and output shaft of a rear-drive. This merely eliminates one major component, the pinion gear. Part of the reason that the input and output are in-line on a rear drive unit is to relieve torsional stress on the transmission and mountings, but this isn't an issue in a front-drive as the gearbox is integrated into the transaxle.
The basic process is not universal. The fixed and free gears can be mounted on either the input or output shaft, or both.
The distribution of the shifters is also a matter of design; it need not be the case that all of the free-rotating gears with selectors are on one shaft, and the permanently splined gears on the other. For instance a five-speed transmission might have the first-to-second selectors on the countershaft, but the third-to-fourth selector and the fifth selector on the mainshaft, which is the configuration in the 1998 Honda Civic. This means that when the car is stopped and idling in neutral with the clutch engaged and the input shaft spinning, the third, fourth and fifth gear pairs do not rotate.
In some transmission designs (Volvo 850 and V/S70 series, for example) there are actually two countershafts, both driving an output pinion meshing with the front-wheel-drive transaxle's ring gear. This allows the transmission designer to make the transmission narrower, since each countershaft need only be half as long as a traditional countershaft with four gears and two shifters.
Clutch.
In all vehicles using a transmission (virtually all modern vehicles), a coupling device is used to separate the engine and transmission when necessary. This is because an internal-combustion engine must continue to run when in use, although a few modern cars shut off the engine at a stoplight. The clutch accomplishes this in manual transmissions. Without it, the engine and tires would at all times be inextricably linked, and any time the vehicle stopped, the engine would stall. Without the clutch, changing gears would be very difficult, even with the vehicle moving already: deselecting a gear while the transmission is under load requires considerable force (and risks significant damage). As well, selecting a gear requires the revolution speed of the engine to be held at a very precise value which depends on the vehicle speed and desired gear – the speeds inside the transmission have to match. In a car, the clutch is usually operated by a pedal; on a motorcycle, a lever on the left handlebar serves the purpose.
The clutch is typically disengaged by a thrust bearing that makes contact with pressure petals on the clutch ring plate and pushes them inward to release the clutch pad friction. Normally the bearing remains retracted away from the petals and does not spin. However, the bearing can be "burned out" and damaged by using the clutch pedal as a foot rest, which causes the bearing to spin continuously from touching the clutch plates.
Gear shift types.
Floor-mounted shifter.
In most vehicles with manual transmission, gears are selected by manipulating a lever called a gear stick, shift stick, gearshift, gear lever, gear selector, or shifter connected to the transmission via linkage or cables and mounted on the floor, dashboard, or steering column. Moving the lever forward, backward, left, and right into specific positions selects particular gears.
A sample layout of a four-speed transmission is shown below. N marks "neutral", the position wherein no gears are engaged and the engine is decoupled from the vehicle's drive wheels. The entire horizontal line is a neutral position, though the shifter is usually spring-loaded so it will return to the centre of the N position if not moved to another gear. The R marks reverse, the gear position used for moving the vehicle backward.
This layout is called the shift pattern. Because of the shift quadrants, the basic arrangement is often called an "H-pattern". The shift pattern is usually molded or printed on or near the gear knob.
Typically, first gear is engaged at the top left position with second below, third up to the right with fourth, below, and so on. The only other pattern used in production vehicle manual transmissions is known as a Dog-leg gearbox pattern. This pattern locates first at bottom left position, second up and to the right with third below, fourth up and to the right, and so on. This pattern is found primarily in race and race inspired vehicles. Placing the selection position for second gear above the position for third gear is desirable in racing as more frequent shifting occurs from second to third than from first to second.
Independent of the shift pattern, the location of the reverse gear may vary. Depending on the particular transmission design, reverse may be located at the upper left extent of the shift pattern, at the lower left, at the lower right, or at the upper right. There is often a mechanism that allows selection of reverse only from the neutral position, or a reverse lockout that must be released by depressing the spring-loaded gear knob or lifting a spring-loaded collar on the shift stick, to reduce the likelihood of the driver inadvertently selecting reverse.
"Four on the floor".
Four-speed transmissions with floor-mounted shifters were sometimes referred to as "four on the floor" during the period when the steering column was the more common shifter location. The latter, often being the standard non-performance transmission (in the U.S. - European cars generally used the former), usually had only three forward speeds and was referred to as "three on the tree."
Most FR(front-engined, rear-wheel drive) cars have a transmission that sits between the driver and the front passenger seat. Floor-mounted shifters are often connected directly to the transmission. FF(front-engined, front-wheel drive) and RR(rear-engined, rear-wheel drive) cars often require a mechanical linkage to connect the shifter to the transmission.
Column-mounted shifter.
Some cars have a gear lever mounted on the steering column of the car. A 3-speed column shifter, which came to be popularly known as a "Three on the Tree", began appearing in America in the late 1930s and became common during the 1940s and 1950s. If a U.S. vehicle was equipped with overdrive, it was very likely to be a Borg-Warner type, operated by briefly backing off the gas when above 28 mph to enable, and momentarily flooring the gas pedal to return to normal gear. The control simply disables overdrive for such situations as parking on a hill or preventing unwanted shifting into overdrive.
Later, European and Japanese models began to have 4-speed column shifters with this shift pattern:
A majority of North American-spec vehicles for USA and Canada had a 3-speed column-mounted shifter - the first generation Chevrolet/GMC vans of 1964-70 vintage had an ultra-rare 4-speed column shifter. The column-mounted manual shifter disappeared in North America by the mid-1980s, last appearing in the 1987 Chevrolet pickup truck. Outside North America, the column-mounted shifter remained in production. All Toyota Crown and Nissan Cedric taxis in Hong Kong had the 4-speed column shift until 1999 when automatic transmissions were first offered. Since the late 1980s or early 1990s, a 5-speed column shifter has been offered in some vans sold in Asia and Europe, such as Toyota Hiace, Mitsubishi L400 and the first-gen Fiat Ducato.
Column shifters are mechanically similar to floor shifters, although shifting occurs in a vertical plane instead of a horizontal one. Because the shifter is further away from the transmission, and the movements at the shifter and at the transmission are in different planes, column shifters require more complicated linkage than floor shifters. Advantages of a column shifter are the ability to switch between the two most commonly used gears—second and third—without letting go of the steering wheel, and the lack of interference with passenger seating space in vehicles equipped with a bench seat.
Console-mounted shifter.
Newer small cars and MPVs, like the Suzuki MR Wagon, the Fiat Multipla, the Toyota Matrix, the Pontiac Vibe, the Chrysler RT platform cars, the Honda Element, the Honda Civic, and the Honda Avancier may feature a manual or automatic transmission gear shifter located on the vehicle's instrument panel, similar to the mid-1950s Chryslers and Powerglide Corvairs. Console-mounted shifters are similar to floor-mounted gear shifters in that most of the ones used in modern cars operate on a horizontal plane and can be mounted to the vehicle's transmission in much the same way a floor-mounted shifter can. However, because of the location of the gear shifter in comparison to the locations of the column shifter and the floor shifter, as well as the positioning of the shifter to the rest of the controls on the panel often require that the gearshift be mounted in a space that does not feature a lot of controls integral to the vehicle's operation or frequently used controls, such as those for the car stereo or car air conditioning, to help prevent accidental activation or driver confusion, especially in right-hand drive cars.
More and more small cars and vans from manufacturers such as Suzuki, Honda, and Volkswagen are featuring console shifters in that they free up space on the floor for other car features such as storage compartments without requiring that the gear shift be mounted on the steering column. Also, the basic location of the gear shift in comparison to the column shifter makes console shifters easier to operate than column shifters.
Sequential manual.
Some transmissions do not allow the driver to arbitrarily select any gear. Instead, the driver may only ever select the next-lowest or next-highest gear ratio. Sequential transmissions often incorporate a synchro-less dog-clutch engagement mechanism (instead of the synchromesh dog clutch common on H-pattern automotive transmissions), in which case the clutch is only necessary when selecting first or reverse gear from neutral, and most gear changes can be performed without the clutch. However, sequential shifting and synchro-less engagement are not inherently linked, though they often occur together due to the environment(s) in which these transmissions are used, such as racing cars and motorcycles.
Sequential transmissions are generally controlled by a forward-backward lever, foot pedal, or set of paddles mounted behind the steering wheel. In some cases, these are connected mechanically to the transmission. In many modern examples, these controls are attached to sensors which instruct a transmission computer to perform a shift—many of these systems can be switched into an automatic mode, where the computer controls the timing of shifts, much like an automatic transmission.
Motorcycles typically employ sequential transmissions, although the shift pattern is modified slightly for safety reasons. In a motorcycle the gears are usually shifted with the left foot pedal, the layout being this:
(6 -) 5 - 4 - 3 - 2 N 1
The pedal goes one step–both up and down–from the center, before it reaches its limit and has to be allowed to move back to the center position. Thus, changing multiple gears in one direction is accomplished by repeatedly pumping the pedal, either up or down. Although neutral is listed as being between first and second gears for this type of transmission, it "feels" more like first and second gear are just "further away" from each other than any other two sequential gears. Because this can lead to difficulty in finding neutral for inexperienced riders most motorcycles have a neutral indicator light on the instrument panel to help find neutral. The reason neutral does not actually have its own spot in the sequence is to make it quicker to shift from first to second when moving. Neutral can be accidentally shifted into, though most high end, newer model motorcycles have means of avoiding this. The reason for having neutral between the first and second gears instead of at the bottom is that when stopped, the rider can just click down repeatedly and know that they will end up in first and not neutral. This allows a rider to quickly move his bike from a standstill in an emergency situation. This may also help on a steep hill on which high torque is required. It could be disadvantageous or even dangerous to attempt to be in first without realizing it, then try for a lower gear, only to get neutral.
On motorcycles used on race tracks, the shifting pattern is often reversed, that is, the rider clicks down to upshift. This usage pattern increases the ground clearance by placing the rider's foot above the shift lever when the rider is most likely to need it, namely when leaning over and exiting a tight turn.
The shift pattern for most underbone motorcycles with an automatic centrifugal clutch is also modified for two key reasons - to enable the less-experienced riders to shift the gears without problems of "finding" neutral, and also due to the greater force needed to "lift" the gearshift lever (because the gearshift pedal of an underbone motorcycle also operates the clutch). The gearshift lever of an underbone motorcycle has two ends. The rider clicks down the front end with the left toe all the way to the top gear and clicks down the rear end with the heel all the way down to neutral. Some underbone models such as the Honda Wave have a "rotary" shift pattern, which means that the rider can shift directly to neutral from the top gear, but for safety reasons this is only possible when the motorcycle is stationary. Some models also have gear position indicators for all gear positions at the instrument panel.
Semi-manual.
Some new transmissions (Alfa Romeo's Selespeed gearbox and BMW's "Sequential Manual Gearbox" (SMG) for example) are conventional manual transmissions with a computerized control mechanism. These transmissions feature independently selectable gears but do not have a clutch pedal. Instead, the transmission computer controls a servo which disengages the clutch when necessary.
These transmissions vary from sequential transmissions in that they still allow nonsequential shifts: the SMG system formerly used by BMW, for example, could shift from 6th gear directly to 4th gear.
An early version of this type of transmission was the Autostick, which was used in the Volkswagen Beetle and Karmann Ghia from 1967 to 1976, where the clutch was disengaged by servo when the driver pushed downward slightly on the gear shift lever. This was a 3-speed unit.
In the case of the early second generation Saab 900, a 'Sensonic' option was available where gears were shifted with a conventional shifter, but the clutch is controlled by a computer.
See semi-automatic transmission for more examples.
Short shifter.
A short shifter, also known as a short throw shifter, is the result of an automotive aftermarket modification of the manual transmissions' stick shift either by modification of the existing stick shift or, alternately, by the replacement of the entire part.
The purpose of the modification is to mechanically reduce time between the changing of gears while accelerating or decelerating, thus improving the automobiles' performance. The modification of the existing stick shift, also known as a manual gear stick, can take two forms: either the physical shortening of the existing stick shift, known in the industry as 'chopping', or bending. By reducing the length of the stick shift, the distance it must travel to change gears is effectively reduced, thus reducing the time spent shifting. At the same time, the amount of force required to shift increases due to a shorter lever.
Some major car manufacturers such as Subaru, Mazda and Porsche offer short shifters as stock modifications such as in the Subaru Impreza WRX, Subaru Impreza WRX STI, Mazda Miata, and as an option such as in the Porsche 911.
Benefits.
Fuel economy.
The manual transmission couples the engine to the transmission with a rigid clutch instead of the torque converter on an automatic transmission or the v-belt of a continuously variable transmission, which slip by nature. Manual transmissions also lack the parasitic power consumption of the automatic transmission's hydraulic pump. Because of this, manual transmissions generally offer better fuel economy than automatic or continuously variable transmissions; however the disparity has been somewhat offset with the introduction of locking torque converters on automatic transmissions. Increased fuel economy with a properly operated manual transmission vehicle versus an equivalent automatic transmission vehicle can range from 5% to about 15% depending on driving conditions and style of driving. The lack of control over downshifting under load in an automatic transmission, coupled with a typical vehicle engine's greater efficiency under higher load, can enable additional fuel gains from a manual transmission by allowing the operator to keep the engine performing under a more efficient load/RPM combination. This is especially true for older models, as advances like variable valve timing allow better performance over a broader RPM range. In recognition of this, many current models (2010 and on) come with manual modes, or overrides on automatic models, although the degree of control varies greatly by the manufacturer. Also, manual transmissions do not require active cooling and because they are, mechanically, much simpler than automatic transmissions, they generally weigh less than comparable automatics, which can improve economy in stop-and-go traffic. However this gap in economy is being rapidly closed, and many mid to higher end model automatic cars now get better economy than their standard spec counterparts. This is in part due to the increasing impact of computers co-ordinating multiple systems, particularly in hybrid models in which the engine and drive motors must be managed.
Longevity and cost.
Durability.
Because manual transmissions are mechanically simpler, are more easily manufactured, and have fewer moving parts than automatic transmissions, they require less maintenance and are easier as well as cheaper to repair. Due to their mechanical simplicity, they often last longer than automatic transmissions when used by a skilled driver. Typically, there are no electrical components, pumps and cooling mechanisms (in the manual transmission), other than an internal switch to activate reversing lighting. These attributes become extremely vital with a vehicle stuck in mud, snow, etc. The back and forth rocking motion of the vehicle drivers use to dislodge a stuck vehicle can prove fatal to automatic transmissions. The vast majority of automatic transmission hydraulics are not designed to be shifted between drive and reverse multiple times in rapid sequence. Clutches are a wear item which may need to be replaced at some point in the vehicle's lifespan, however the service life of the clutch depends on the skill of the driver and the operating conditions that it is subjected to.
Cost.
The price of a new car with a manual transmission will commonly be lower than the same car with an automatic transmission.
Lubrication.
Most manual transmissions rely on splash lubrication although some five speed Rover gearboxes did incorporate an oil pump. The problem with splash lubrication is that it is speed dependent. There are centrifugal effects, hydrodynamic effects and effects from the gears working as pumps. If a gearbox is fitted with Perspex windows and run on a test rig these effects can be observed. As the gearbox is run through its rev range, the oil jets will switch over and move around. Research on the Austin Maxi 1500 gearbox showed that one of the ball races was running dry at . The solution was to alter the casting to include a small projection that would intercept the main oil jet that was present at 80 mph and disperse it. This small modification enabled the later Maxi 1750 gearbox to be relatively trouble free. Four speed gearboxes seldom show these problems because at top speed (and maximum power) they are basically a solid shaft and the gears are not transmitting power.
Performance and control.
Manual transmissions have generally offered a wider selection of gear ratios. Many vehicles offer a 5-speed or 6-speed manual, whereas the automatic option would typically be a 4-speed. This is generally due to the increased space available inside a manual transmission compared with an automatic, since the latter requires extra components for self-shifting, such as torque converters and pumps. However, automatic transmissions are now adding more speeds as the technology matures. ZF currently manufactures 7- and 8-speed automatic transmissions. ZF is also planning a 9-speed automatic for use in front-wheel drive vehicles. The increased number of gears allows for better use of the engine's power band, resulting in increased fuel economy by staying in the most fuel-efficient part of the power band, or higher performance, thereby remaining closer to the engine's peak power rating. Even with more forward speeds and the potential of designing more forward gears to offer higher speed and/or torque, the manual transmission remains smaller and much more compact than its larger, automatic cousin, as referenced by the 991 Generation of the Porsche 911 and the 2014 Chevy Corvette, which has a 7-speed manual transmission.
Engine braking.
In contrast to most manual gearboxes, most automatic transmissions have far less effective engine braking. This means that the engine does not slow the car as effectively when the automatic transmission driver releases the engine speed control. This leads to more usage of the brakes in cars with automatic transmissions, bringing shorter brake life. Brakes are also more likely to overheat in hilly or mountainous areas, causing reduced braking ability brake fade and the potential for complete failure with the automatic transmission vehicle.
Drawbacks.
Complexity and learning curve.
For most people, there is a slight learning curve with a manual transmission, which may be intimidating and unappealing for an inexperienced driver. Because the driver must develop a feel for properly engaging the clutch, an inexperienced driver will often stall the engine. Most drivers can learn how to drive a car with a manual transmission in as little as an hour, although it may take weeks before it becomes "second nature." Additionally, if an inexperienced driver selects an inappropriate gear by mistake, damage to mechanical components and even loss of control may occur.
Shifting speed.
Automatic transmissions can shift ratios faster than a manual gear change can be accomplished, due to the time required for the average driver to push the clutch pedal to the floor and move the gearstick from one position to another. This is especially true in regards to dual-clutch transmissions, which are specialized computer-controlled automatic transmissions that operate more like a manual transmission than a traditional automatic one.
Ease of use.
Because manual transmissions require the operation of an extra pedal, and keeping the car in the correct gear at all times, they require a bit more concentration, especially in heavy traffic situations. The automatic transmissions, on the other hand, simply require the driver to speed up or slow down as needed, with the car doing the work of choosing an appropriate gear. Manual transmissions also place a greater workload on the driver in heavy traffic situations, when the driver must operate the clutch pedal quite often. Because the clutch pedal can require a substantial amount of force, especially on large trucks, and the long pedal travel compared to the brake or accelerator requires moving the entire leg, not just the foot near the ankle, a manual transmission can cause fatigue, and is more difficult for weak or injured people to drive. Additionally, because automatic transmissions can be driven with only one foot, people with one leg that is missing or impaired can still drive, unlike the manual transmission that requires the use of two feet at once. Likewise, manual transmissions require the driver to remove one hand periodically from the steering wheel while the vehicle is in motion, which can be difficult or impossible to do safely for people with a missing or impaired arm, and requires increased coordination, even for those with full use of both hands.
Stopping on hills.
The clutch experiences most of its wear in first gear because moving the car from a standstill involves a great deal of friction at the clutch. When accelerating from a standstill on an incline, this problem is made worse because the amount of work needed to overcome the acceleration of gravity causes the clutch to heat up considerably more. For this reason, stop-and-go driving and hills tend to have an effect on the clutches to a certain degree.
Automatic transmissions are better suited for these applications because they have a hydraulic torque converter which is externally cooled, unlike a clutch. Torque converters also do not have a friction material that rubs off over time like a clutch. Some automatics even lock the output shaft so that the car cannot roll backwards when beginning to accelerate up an incline. To reduce wear in these applications, some manual transmissions will have a very low, "granny" gear which provides the leverage to move the vehicle easily at very low speeds. This reduces wear at the clutch because the transmission requires less input torque. However, the issue of "handling stops on hills" is easy to learn.
Many drivers use the parking brake to prevent the car from rolling backward when starting to accelerate up a steep hill. This saves precious clutch life. Some modern cars such as the Dodge Challenger and most Subaru models have a "Hill-Start Assist" feature. The vehicle's computer applies just enough brake pressure to prevent the car from rolling backwards. This allows the driver to start normally with no additional effort, even on steep hills.
Starting on a hill with the aid of the parking brake is not always possible since in recent cars that feature an Electric Park Brake the parking brake can only be released when the brake pedal is engaged.
Applications and popularity.
Sports cars are also often equipped with manual transmissions because they offer more direct driver involvement and better performance, though this is changing as many automakers move to faster dual-clutch transmissions, which are generally shifted with paddles located behind the steering wheel. For example, the 991 Porsche 911 GT3 uses Porsche's PDK Off-road vehicles and trucks often feature manual transmissions because they allow direct gear selection and are often more rugged than their automatic counterparts.
Conversely, manual transmissions are no longer popular in many classes of cars sold in North America, Australia and some parts of Asia, although they remain dominant in Europe, Asia, Africa and Latin America. Nearly all cars are available with an automatic transmission option, and family cars and large trucks sold in the US are predominantly fitted with automatics, however in some cases if a buyer wishes he/she can have the car fitted with a manual transmission at the factory. In Europe most cars are sold with manual transmissions. Most luxury cars are only available with an automatic transmission. In most cases where both transmissions are available for a given car, automatics are an at cost option, but in some cases the reverse is true. Some cars, such as rental cars and taxis, are nearly universally equipped with automatic transmissions in countries such as the US, but the opposite is true in Europe. As of 2008, 75.2% of vehicles made in Western Europe were equipped with manual transmission, versus 16.1% with automatic and 8.7% with other.
When a driver takes the licensing road test using an automatic transmission in some places, the resulting license is restricted to the use of automatic transmissions. This is the case in countries such as New Zealand (for the second-phase Restricted license, but not the final Full license), the European Union with the exception of member countries that opt to disallow road tests on automatic vehicles completely, China, Dominican Republic, Israel, Jordan, Norway, Philippines, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Switzerland, and the U.A.E. This treatment of the manual transmission skill seems to maintain the widespread use of the manual transmission. As many new drivers worry that their restricted license will become an obstacle for them where most cars have manual transmissions, they make the effort to learn with manual transmissions and obtain full licenses. Some other countries (such as Turkey, Greece, Georgia, India, Pakistan, Portugal, Malaysia, Serbia, Brazil, Russia, Ukraine and Denmark) go even further, whereby the license is granted only when a test is passed on a manual transmission. In Denmark and Brazil drivers are allowed to take the test on an automatic if they are handicapped, but with such a license they will not be allowed to drive a car with a manual transmission.
Truck transmissions.
Some trucks have transmissions that look and behave like ordinary car transmissions - these transmissions are used on lighter trucks, typically have up to 6 gears, and usually have synchromesh.
For trucks needing more gears, the standard "H" pattern can get very complicated, so additional controls are used to select additional gears. The "H" pattern is retained, then an additional control selects among alternatives. In older trucks, the control is often a separate lever mounted on the floor or more recently a pneumatic switch mounted on the "H" lever; in newer trucks the control is often an electrical switch mounted on the "H" lever. Multi-control transmissions are built in much higher power ratings, but rarely use synchromesh.
There are several common alternatives for the shifting pattern. Usual types are:
Although there are many gear positions, shifting through gears usually follows a regular pattern. For example, a series of upshifts might use "move to splitter direct; move to splitter overdrive; move shift lever to No. 2 and move splitter to underdrive; move splitter to direct; move splitter to overdrive; move shift lever to No. 3 and move splitter to underdrive"; and so on. In older trucks using floor-mounted levers, a bigger problem is common gear shifts require the drivers to move their hands between shift levers in a single shift, and without synchromesh, shifts must be carefully timed or the transmission will not engage. For this reason, some splitter transmissions have an additional "under under" range, so when the splitter is already in "under" it can be quickly downshifted again, without the delay of a double shift.
Today's truck transmissions are most commonly "range-splitter". The most common 13-speed has a standard H pattern, and the pattern from left upper corner is as follows: R, down to L, over and up to 1, down to 2, up and over to 3, down to 4. The "butterfly" range lever in the center front of the knob is flipped up to high range while in 4th, then shifted back to 1. The 1 through 4 positions of the knob are repeated. Also, each can be split using the thumb-actuated under-overdrive lever on the left side of the knob while in high range. The "thumb" lever is not available in low range, except in 18 speeds; 1 through 4 in low range can be split using the thumb lever and L can be split with the "Butterfly" lever. L cannot be split using the thumb lever in either the 13- or 18-speed. The 9-speed transmission is basically a 13-speed without the under-overdrive thumb lever.
Truck transmissions use many physical layouts. For example, the output of an N-speed transmission may drive an M-speed secondary transmission, giving a total of N*M gear combinations; for example a 4-speed main box and 3-speed splitter gives 12 ratios. Transmissions may be in separate cases with a shaft in between; in separate cases bolted together; or all in one case, using the same lubricating oil. The second transmission is often called a "Brownie" or "Brownie box" after a popular brand. With a third transmission, gears are multiplied yet again, giving greater range or closer spacing. Some trucks thus have dozens of gear positions, although most are duplicates. Sometimes a secondary transmission is integrated with the differential in the rear axle, called a "two-speed rear end." Two-speed differentials are always splitters. In newer transmissions, there may be two countershafts, so each main shaft gear can be driven from one or the other countershaft; this allows construction with short and robust countershafts, while still allowing many gear combinations inside a single gear case.
Heavy-duty transmissions are almost always non-synchromesh. One argument is synchromesh adds weight that could be payload, is one more thing to fail, and drivers spend thousands of hours driving so can take the time to learn to drive efficiently with a non-synchromesh transmission. Heavy-duty trucks driven frequently in city traffic, such as cement mixers, need to be shifted very often and in stop-and-go traffic. Since few heavy-duty transmissions have synchromesh, automatic transmissions are commonly used instead, despite their increased weight, cost, and loss of efficiency.
Heavy trucks are usually powered with diesel engines. Diesel truck engines from the 1970s and earlier tend to have a narrow power band, so need many close-spaced gears. Starting with the 1968 Maxidyne, diesel truck engines have increasingly used turbochargers and electronic controls that widen the power band, allowing fewer and fewer gear ratios. A transmission with fewer ratios is lighter and may be more efficient due to fewer transmissions in series. Fewer shifts also makes the truck more drivable. As of 2005, fleet operators often use 9,10,13 or 18-speed transmissions, but automated manual and semi-automatic transmissions are becoming more common on heavy vehicles, as they can improve efficiency and drivability, reduce the barrier to entry for new drivers, and may improve safety by allowing the driver to concentrate on road conditions.
Crash gearbox.
A crash gearbox, also known as a crash box, is a transmission type used in old cars, trucks, and other automotive vehicles. It is more properly called a "sliding mesh" gearbox and has the nickname "crash" because it is difficult to change gears, so gear changes are often accompanied by loud noises. The etymology of "crash" is probably "clash".
In a sliding-mesh gearbox, individual gears are mounted so they always engage the shaft, but gears on one shaft can be moved axially. To engage a particular pair of gears, one gear is slid axially until it fully engages a gear on the other shaft. If the gear shafts are spinning so the two gears have the same surface velocity, the gears are relatively easy to engage. However, if velocities are mismatched, the gears tend to "bounce" off each other at first contact and resist engagement. Thus, gear engagement relies on the driver carefully matching speeds, typically through practice and intuition.
In contrast, newer "constant mesh" transmissions use gears that are held axially, but gears on one shaft spin freely on the shaft. Gear pairs in the transmission are always in mesh, though at most one is engaged at any time. Each free-spinning gear has a dog clutch which is engaged by an axial sliding collar that transfers power to the shaft. The dog clutch may be plain, also called "non-synchromesh", or may use an additional synchromesh mechanism that helps get the parts moving at the same speed to assist engagement. Many constant mesh transmissions use a sliding-mesh gear for reverse, but since reverse is only engaged from near a stop, it is still easy to engage.
A constant-mesh transmission offers several advantages over a sliding-mesh design. First, the dog clutch is designed for the task, rather than asking the gear to do dual duty of power transmission and sliding engagement. Second, the dog clutch is typically smaller in diameter than the gear it controls, so absolute speeds of the engaging parts are lower, aiding engagement. Thus, while a non-synchromesh transmission still relies on the operator to match speeds, gears are easier to engage. Third, a constant-mesh transmission can easily use helical gears which are smoother, quieter, and can carry more torque for a given size of gear. Fourth, a constant-mesh transmission can use synchromesh for easier shifting; while many heavy vehicle transmissions do not use it, most medium- and light-duty automotive transmissions do.
Maintenance.
Because clutches use changes in friction to modulate the transfer of torque between engine and transmission, they are subject to wear in everyday use. A very good clutch, when used by an expert driver, can last hundreds of thousands of kilometres (or miles). Weak clutches, abrupt downshifting, inexperienced drivers, and aggressive driving can lead to more frequent repair or replacement.
Manual transmissions are lubricated with gear oil or engine oil in some cars, which must be changed periodically in some cars, although not as frequently as the automatic transmission fluid in a vehicle so equipped. (Some manufacturers specify that changing the gear oil is never necessary except after transmission work or to rectify a leak.)
Gear oil has a characteristic aroma due to the addition of sulfur-bearing anti-wear compounds. These compounds are used to reduce the high sliding friction by the helical gear cut of the teeth (this cut eliminates the characteristic whine of straight cut spur gears). On motorcycles with "wet" clutches (clutch is bathed in engine oil), there is usually nothing separating the lower part of the engine from the transmission, so the same oil lubricates both the engine and transmission. The original Mini placed the gearbox in the oil sump below the engine, thus using the same oil for both. The clutch was however a fairly conventional dry plate clutch.

</doc>
<doc id="622150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622150" title="Hosts (file)">
Hosts (file)

The hosts file is a computer file used by an operating system to map hostnames to IP addresses. The hosts file is a plain text file, and is conventionally named "hosts". Originally, a file named HOSTS.TXT was manually maintained and made available via file sharing by Stanford Research Institute for the ARPANET membership, containing the hostnames and address of hosts as contributed for inclusion by member organizations. The Domain Name System, first described in 1983 and implemented in 1984, automated the publication process and provided instantaneous and dynamic hostname resolution in the rapidly growing network. In modern operating systems, the hosts file remains an alternate name resolution mechanism, configurable often as part of facilities such as the Name Service Switch as either the primary method or as a fallback method.
Purpose.
The hosts file is one of several system facilities that assists in addressing network nodes in a computer network. It is a common part of an operating system's Internet Protocol (IP) implementation, and serves the function of translating human-friendly hostnames into numeric protocol addresses, called IP addresses, that identify and locate a host in an IP network.
In some operating systems, the contents of the hosts file is used preferentially to other name resolution methods, such as the Domain Name System (DNS), but many systems implement name service switches, "e.g.", nsswitch.conf for Linux and Unix, to provide customization. Unlike remote DNS resolvers, the hosts file is under the direct control of the local computer's administrator.
File content.
The hosts file contains lines of text consisting of an IP address in the first text field followed by one or more host names. Each field is separated by white space— tabs are often preferred for historical reasons, but spaces are also used. Comment lines may be included; they are indicated by a hash character (#) in the first position of such lines. Entirely blank lines in the file are ignored. For example, a typical hosts file may contain the following:
This example only contains entries for the loopback addresses of the system and their host names, a typical default content of the hosts file. The example illustrates that an IP address may have multiple host names ("localhost" and "loopback"), and that a host name may be mapped to both IPv4 and IPv6 IP addresses.
Location in the file system.
The location of the hosts file in the file system hierarchy varies by operating system. It is usually named "hosts", without an extension.
History.
The ARPANET, the predecessor of the Internet, had no distributed host name database. Each network node maintained its own map of the network nodes as needed and assigned them names that were memorable to the users of the system. There was no method for ensuring that all references to a given node in a network were using the same name, nor was there a way to read the hosts file of another computer to automatically obtain a copy.
The small size of the ARPANET kept the administrative overhead small to maintain an accurate hosts file. Network nodes typically had one address and could have many names. As local area TCP/IP computer networks gained popularity, however, the maintenance of hosts files became a larger burden on system administrators as networks and network nodes were being added to the system with increasing frequency.
Standardization efforts, such as the format specification of the file "HOSTS.TXT" in RFC 952, and distribution protocols, e.g., the hostname server described in RFC 953, helped with these problems, but the centralized and monolithic nature of hosts files eventually necessitated the creation of the distributed Domain Name System (DNS).
On some old systems a file named networks is present that has similar to hosts file functions containing names of networks.
Extended applications.
In its function of resolving host names, the hosts file may be used to define any hostname or domain name for use in the local system.
Software applications exist that populate the hosts file with entries of undesirable Internet resources automatically.
Security issues.
The hosts file may present an attack vector for malicious software. The file may be modified, for example, by adware, computer viruses, or trojan horse software to redirect traffic from the intended destination to sites hosting malicious or unwanted content. The widespread computer worm Mydoom.B blocked users from visiting sites about computer security and antivirus software and also affected access from the compromised computer to the Microsoft Windows Update website.

</doc>
<doc id="622156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622156" title="English-speaking world">
English-speaking world

Approximately 430 million people speak English as their first language. English today is the third largest language by number of native speakers, after Mandarin Chinese and Spanish. However, when combining native and non-native speakers it is probably the most commonly spoken language in the world, though possibly second to a combination of the Chinese languages (depending on whether distinctions in the latter are classified as "languages" or "dialects").
Estimates that include second language speakers vary greatly from 470 million to over a billion depending on how literacy or mastery is defined and measured. Linguistics professor David Crystal calculates that non-native speakers now outnumber native speakers by a ratio of 3 to 1.
The countries with the highest populations of native English speakers are, in descending order: the United States (292 million), the United Kingdom (61 million), Canada (18.2 million), Australia (15.5 million), Nigeria (4 million), Ireland (3.8 million), South Africa (3.7 million), and New Zealand (3.6 million) in a 2006 Census.
Countries such as the Philippines, Jamaica and Nigeria also have millions of native speakers of dialect continua ranging from an English-based creole to a more standard version of English. Of those nations where English is spoken as a second language, India has the most such speakers ("see" Indian English). Crystal claims that, combining native and non-native speakers, India now has more people who speak or understand English than any other country in the world.
Countries where English is a major language.
English is the primary language in Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, the British Indian Ocean Territory, the British Virgin Islands, Canada, the Cayman Islands, Dominica, the Falkland Islands, Gibraltar, Grenada, Guam, Guernsey, Guyana, Ireland, the Isle of Man, Jamaica, Jersey, Montserrat, Nauru, New Zealand, Pitcairn Islands, Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Singapore, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, Trinidad and Tobago, the Turks and Caicos Islands, the United Kingdom and the United States.
In some countries where English is not the most spoken language, it is an official language; these countries include Botswana, Cameroon, the Federated States of Micronesia, Fiji, Gambia, Ghana, Hong Kong, India, Kenya, Kiribati, Lesotho, Liberia, Malta, the Marshall Islands, Mauritius, Namibia, Nigeria, Pakistan, Palau, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines (Philippine English), Rwanda, Saint Lucia, Samoa, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, the Solomon Islands, Sri Lanka, Sudan, South Africa, South Sudan, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. Also there are countries where in a part of the territory English became a co-official language, e.g. Colombia's San Andrés y Providencia and Nicaragua's Mosquito Coast. This was a result of the influence of British colonization in the area.
English is one of the 11 official languages that are given equal status in South Africa (South African English). It is also the official language in current dependent territories of Australia (Norfolk Island, Christmas Island and Cocos Island) and of the United States (American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico (in Puerto Rico, English is co-official with Spanish), and the US Virgin Islands), and the former British colony of Hong Kong. (See List of countries where English is an official language for more details.)
Although the United States federal government has no official languages, English has been given official status by 30 of the 50 state governments. Although falling short of official status, English is also an important language in several former colonies and protectorates of the United Kingdom, such as Bahrain, Bangladesh, Brunei, Cyprus, Malaysia, and the United Arab Emirates.
English as a global language.
Because English is so widely spoken, it has often been referred to as a "world language", the "lingua franca" of the modern era, and while it is not an official language in most countries, it is currently the language most often taught as a foreign language. It is, by international treaty, the official language for aeronautical and maritime communications. English is one of the official languages of the United Nations and many other international organizations, including the International Olympic Committee.
English is studied most often in the European Union, and the perception of the usefulness of foreign languages among Europeans is 67% in favor of English ahead of 17% for German and 16% for French (as of 2012). Among some of the non-English-speaking EU countries, the following percentages of the adult population claimed to be able to converse in English in 2012: 90% in the Netherlands, 89% in Malta, 86% in Sweden and Denmark, 73% in Cyprus and Austria, 70% in Finland, and over 50% in Greece, Luxembourg, Slovenia and Germany. In 2012, excluding native speakers, 38% of Europeans consider that they can speak English, but only 3% of Japanese people.
Books, magazines, and newspapers written in English are available in many countries around the world, and English is the most commonly used language in the sciences with Science Citation Index reporting as early as 1997 that 95% of its articles were written in English, even though only half of them came from authors in English-speaking countries.
English literature predominates considerably with 28% of all volumes published in the world 2011 and 30% of web content in 2011 (from 50% in 2000).
This increasing use of the English language globally has had a large impact on many other languages, leading to language shift and even language death, and to claims of linguistic imperialism. English itself has become more open to language shift as multiple regional varieties feed back into the language as a whole.
Anglosphere.
The Anglosphere is the set of countries where English is not only the widest-spoken language, but the predominant one.

</doc>
<doc id="622157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622157" title="HMS Sceptre (1781)">
HMS Sceptre (1781)

HMS "Sceptre" was a 64-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, launched on 8 June 1781 at Rotherhithe.
Career.
Shortly after completion she was sent out to the Indian Ocean to join Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Hughes's squadron. She arrived in time for the Battle of Trincomalee in 1782. This was the fourth battle of a bloody campaign between Vice-Admiral Hughes and the French Admiral Suffren's squadron.
The following year, she took part in the Battle of Cuddalore (1783), the final battle in the East Indies campaign. In the run-up to the battle "Sceptre" captured the "Naïade", under captain Villaret, on the night of 11 April 1783. "Naïade" was armed with eighteen to twenty 8-pounder guns and ten swivel guns, and had a crew of 160 men. The British took her into service but never commissioned her; they then sold her in August 1784.
She was then laid up for the peace. In 1794, under the command of Commodore John Ford, "Sceptre" assisted in the capture of Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
On 12 March 1795, under the command of Captain William Essington, "Sceptre" sailed for the Cape of Good Hope as escort to fleet of East Indiamen sailing to India and China.
Capture of eight Dutch East Indiamen off St Helena.
When "Sceptre" arrived at St Helena she brought the news that France had invaded the Netherlands in January. Furthermore, under an order dated 9 February 1795, Royal Navy vessels and British letters of marque were to detain Dutch vessels and cargoes and bring them into British ports that they might be detained provisionally. Then on 2 June the packet ship arrived from the Cape of Good Hope with the news than a convoy of Dutch East Indiamen had left the Cape, sailing for the Netherlands.
On 18 May 1795, the Dutch brig "Komeet", under the command of Captain-Lieutenant Mynheer Claris, and the Dutch corvette "Scipio", under the command of de Jong, set out from Table Bay with a convoy of sixteen East Indiamen, for Europe. Bad weather forced eight Indiamen back to the Cape. These eight sailed again on 22 May.
The remaining eight Indiamen, which had sailed on 18 May together with their two escorts, and a private Dutch ship from the Cape, the whaler "Herstilder", sailed on. All but two of this group reached ports in then-neutral Norway.
Essington prevailed upon Colonel Brooke, the governor of St Helena, to lend him some troops and to put the Honourable East India Company (HEIC) vessels there at the time to form a squadron to try and intercept the Dutch. Providentially, the "General Goddard", an East Indiaman under the command of Captain William Taylor Money, was resting at St Helena while on her way back to England. On 3 June, "Sceptre", "General Goddard", "Manship" (also an HEIC ship), and "Swallow" set out. Five other HEIC ships set out later, of which only "Busbridge" met up with the squadron. On 10 June the British captured the Dutch Indiaman "Hougly", which "Swallow" escorted into St Helena, before returning to the squadron with additional seamen. Due to bad weather, "Manship" and "Busbridge" lost contact with Essington's squadron.
In the afternoon of 14 June, Essington's squadron sighted seven sail. At 1 a.m. the next morning "General Goddard" sailed through the Dutch fleet, which fired on her. She did not fire back. Later that morning, after some exchange of shots between the British and Dutch vessels, the Dutch surrendered. The HEIC ships "Busbridge", Captain Samuel Maitland, and "Asia", Captain John Davy Foulkes, arrived on the scene and helped board the Dutch vessels. There were no casualties on either side. The British then brought their prizes into St Helena on 17 June.
On 1 July, "Sceptre", "General Goddard" and the prizes sailed from St Helena to gather in other returning British East Indiamen. They then returned to St Helena, where George Vancouver and , which had arrived there in the meantime, joined them. The entire convoy, now some 20 vessels or so strong, sailed from there in August to Shannon, where most arrived on 13 December. (Three Dutch vessels were lost. "Houghly" was lost on 1 September. "Surcheance" was lost on 5 September. "Zeelelie" escaped and wrecked off the Scilly Islands on 26 September.) "General Goddard" reached the Downs on 15 October.
Because the captures occurred before Britain had declared war on the Batavian Republic, the vessels become Droits to the Crown. Still, prize money, in the amount of two-thirds of the value of the Dutch ships amounted to £76,664 14s. Of this, £61,331 15s 2d was distributed among the officers and crew of "Sceptre", "General Goddard", "Busbridge", "Asia", and "Swallow".
Wrecking.
While under the command of Captain Edwards, "Sceptre" was caught at anchor in a storm on 5 November 1799 along with seven other ships in Table Bay, near the Cape of Good Hope. At 10:30am, the captain ordered the topmasts struck, and the fore and main yards lowered in order to ease the ship in the strengthening winds. At midday, the ship fired a "feu de joie" on the occasion of the Gunpowder Plot, suggesting no apparent apprehension about the oncoming storm. However within half an hour, the main anchor cable parted followed by the secondary one. At approximately 7pm, the ship was driven ashore onto a reef at Woodstock Beach at the site of the present-day Royal Cape Yacht Club. The ship was battered to pieces, and approximately 349 seamen and marines were killed or drowned. One officer, two midshipmen, 47 seamen and one marine were saved from the wreck, but nine of these died on the beach.

</doc>
<doc id="622159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622159" title="Nonce word">
Nonce word

A nonce word is a lexeme created for a single occasion to solve an immediate problem of communication, or "an invented or accidental linguistic form, used only once". All nonce words are also neologisms (newly created words that have not entered the lexicon of a language). Some nonce words have a meaning and may (or may not) become an established part of the language, while others are essentially meaningless and disposable and are useful for exactly that reason, for instance in child language testing. The term "nonce word" was apparently the creation of James Murray, the influential editor of the "Oxford English Dictionary".
In advertising and literature.
Nonce words are often created as part of advertising campaigns or in fiction. A poem by Seamus Heaney entitled "Nonce Words" is included in his collection "District and Circle".
In child development studies.
Nonce words are sometimes used to study the development of language in children because they allow researchers to test how children treat words of which they have no prior knowledge. This permits inferences about the default assumptions children make about new word meanings, syntactic structure, etc. Frequently used such words include "wug", "blicket", and "dax". Wug is among the earliest known nonce words used in language learning studies, and is best known for its use in Jean Berko's "Wug test", in which children were presented with a novel object, called a wug, and then shown multiple instances of the object and asked to complete a sentence that elicits a plural form—e.g., "This is a wug. Now there are two of them. There are two...?" The use of the plural form "wugs" by the child suggests that they have applied a plural rule to the form, and that this knowledge is not specific to prior experience with the word but applies to all nouns, whether familiar or novel.
Examples of nonce words previously used in child developmental studies include: wug, blicket, dax, toma, pimwit, zav, speff, tulver, gazzer, fem, fendle, and tupa.
Other examples.
Other examples of nonce words include:

</doc>
<doc id="622164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622164" title="The Moss">
The Moss

The Moss is a brook in North East Derbyshire, England.
When Rother Valley Country Park was built in 1980s, they used water from The Moss to fill the lakes.
Name.
The name of the river derives from "Moss Beck", which means 'stream through marshy ground'.
Course.
The Moss' source can be found just to the east of Jordanthorpe Parkway (B6057 road). The source is a natural spring which lies in an area of woodland called Coalpit Wood.
The river flows through the Moss Valley and through the villages of Geerlane, Birleyhay, Ford and Eckington. Several areas of woodland are traversed, these include Coalpit Wood, Long Wood and Eckington Park.The main tributaries of The Moss are the Robin Brook, the Owler Car Brook, Sickle Brook, Troway Brook, Sloadlane Brook, and Ridgeway Brook.
The Moss flows into the River Rother in Eckington, Derbyshire, near Eckington Mine.
Moss Valley.
Moss Valley is the name of the valley carved out by The Moss, located in North East Derbyshire, just south of Sheffield, England. Nearby settlements include Charnock, Troway, Eckington, Mosborough, and Ridgeway.
Moss Valley is home to the Eckington Woods and Bluebell Woods, the latter being a local term coined because of the quantity of bluebells which cover the woods in the springtime.
The valley, which is formed by The Moss and its tributaries, covers an area of about .
Industry.
Moss Valley, due to its location next to a river near several coal seams and rock outcrops, has seen lots of industry over its history.
Moss Valley has a long history of quarrying and mining. Most of the quarries and mines are now closed, but several are still open. The coal mine near to where The Moss flows into the River Rother, Eckington Coal Mine (a drift mine operated by Moorside Mining Co. Ltd.), is still open; as is Sicklebrook Quarry in Sicklebrook (near Troway).
There are also several mills in the valley. In several locations, The Moss has been dammed to create reservoirs and mill ponds.
Moss Valley used to be renowned for its excellent sickle and scythe production.
Sport and recreation.
Moss Valley is popular among walkers, ramblers and cyclists. On a bank holiday the woods can be very busy with people, families and groups exploring the woods or linking the woods into a wider walk. Mountain bikers are a common sight in the area, and several trails are popular amongst local cyclists on both the Mosborough and the Eckington sides of the valley. The two ponds on the Ridgeway side are used for private fishing, and there is a car park at this end, as well as the Bridge Inn public house.
Wildlife.
A 25.9 hectare strip of land along the southern bank of The Moss in the Moss Valley has been designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest by English Nature, particularly due to its value as a high quality habitat for invertebrates. This also includes about 5 hectares of the increasingly rare floodplain grazing marsh habitat.
There is a variety of common English woodland wildlife in the woods. Species often seen include; badgers, hares, roe deer, foxes, rabbits and owls. The 85 species of moths and butterflies includes the White-letter Hairstreak.

</doc>
<doc id="622165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622165" title="Ulrich von Brockdorff-Rantzau">
Ulrich von Brockdorff-Rantzau

Ulrich Graf von Brockdorff-Rantzau (29 May 1869 Schleswig – 8 September 1928 Berlin) was a German diplomat, the first Foreign Minister of the Weimar Republic and German Ambassador to the USSR for most of the twenties.
Early career.
Son of Graf Hermann zu Rantzau and Juliane "nee" von Brockdorff, Brockdorff-Rantzau completed study of jurisprudence in Neuchâtel and Freiburg im Breisgau and became a "Dr. jur" in 1891. Between 1891 and 1893 he served with the Prussian army; he was dismissed as a second lieutenant after suffering an injury. He then entered the Foreign Office as a diplomat. From 1897 to 1901 he was secretary to the embassy in St Petersburg. In 1901 he moved on to Vienna. From 1909 to 1912 he was attached to the Consul-General in Budapest. Finally, in 1912, he was made ambassador to Denmark. In this position he was able to ensure the exchange of German coal for Danish food supplies. He came in close contact with Danish and German trade unions and got to know the future German president Friedrich Ebert. He was also instrumental in facilitating the passage of the Bolsheviks Vladimir Lenin and Karl Radek across Germany in a sealed train in 1917.
Role as Foreign Minister.
Appointment.
He was offered the post of "Außenstaatssekretär" (State Secretary for Foreign Affairs) following Arthur Zimmermann's resignation in 1917, but declined because he did not believe he could follow a policy independent from military interference. This stance characterised his subsequent diplomatic career. However in December 1918, he accepted this post in the government of Philipp Scheidemann dependent on five conditions:
Ebert of the SPD and Hugo Haase of the USPD agreed to the first four conditions and he received the appointment arriving in Berlin January 2, 1919. On February 13 his title was changed to "Reichsminister des Auswärtigen" (Imperial Minister of Foreign Affairs) as part of the founding of the Weimar Republic.
Although he was to develop a policy of a positive relationship with the Soviet Union, this was based on realpolitik considerations rather than any sympathy for radicalism. Faced with the German Revolution, he advocated stern measures against the revolutionaries, threatening to resign if this was not done. The threat of resignation became a regular feature of his negotiating strategy. Nevertheless when Matthias Erzberger advocated the dispatch of Karl Radek, the captured Bolshevik diplomat, to the waiting hands of the Entente, he was furious about the failure to consider the political consequences.
After the defeat of the Spartacist uprising in January 1919, the country wide elections for the constituent assembly continued, with the delegates assembling in Weimar as Berlin was not safe. On February 14 Brockdorff-Rantzau addressed the National Assembly. He stated that Germany was ready to make peace, but did not accept that she alone was responsible for the war or had, alone, committed acts of barbarity. This need to be looked at by an impartial judge, but that in the meantime Germany would adhere to Wilsonian principle of no indemnities or territorial concessions. Germany would reimburse civilians for damages they had caused, and to rebuild what they had destroyed, but voluntarily and not by slave labour forced on prisoners of war. He proclaimed himself a democrat but remarked: "Democracy did not mean the rule of the masses as such; only the very best men should rule and lead."
Following a Russian broadcast on April 22 declaring that the Soviet Union wanted to re-establish diplomatic relations, Brockdorff-Rantzau told a cabinet session the next day that any discussions should be restricted to private persons developing economic relations until after peace had been concluded with the Allies.
At the Treaty of Versailles.
Count von Brockdorff-Rantzau led the German delegation which arrived at Versailles on 29 April and was kept waiting for several days. When the first session began on 7 May, French newspapers suggested that this was because it was the anniversary of the sinking of the RMS Lusitania. After Georges Clemenceau had accused Germany of being responsible for the war, Brockdorff-Rantzau said that the issue was to reach a lasting peace but admitting that the power of German arms was broken, he nevertheless declared that admission of sole German responsibility for the war would be a lie. He stated that the policy of revenge, as well as the policy of expansion, in disregard of the fight of peoples to determine their own affairs contributed to the sickness of Europe, which reached its crisis in the World War. Russian mobilisation took the possibility of curing the disease out of the hands of statesmen and placed the decision into the hand of military force. While he admitted wrongs carried out by the former leaders of Germany, he argued that these and other wrongs committed by other nations should be considered by an objective commission with access to all the archives. The German delegation was then granted seven days to respond to the 440 articles.
In this capacity, Count von Brockdorff-Rantzau attended the signing of the Treaty of Versailles (1919). He had set out to negotiate a peace based on President Woodrow Wilson's Fourteen Points and a request for the union of Austria with Germany. In practice, he found himself trying to defend Germany against the accusation of sole war guilt; he attacked the atrocities of the Allied blockade on Germany following the armistice on 11 November, and predicted that such a treaty would be impossible to fulfill, and cause continual discontent amongst the German people.
He was appointed Ambassador to Moscow and played a crucial role in German-Soviet relations until his death from throat cancer in 1928. He developed a close working relationship with Georgy Chicherin, the Soviet People's Commissar of Foreign Affairs from March 1918 to 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="622174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622174" title="HMS Sceptre (1802)">
HMS Sceptre (1802)

HMS "Sceptre" was a 74-gun third rate of the Royal Navy, built by Dudman of Deptford after a design by Sir William Rule, and launched in December 1802 at Deptford. She served in the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812 before being broken up in 1821.
Career.
On 20 June 1803, after a shakedown period, she came into Plymouth for a refit. She then sailed again on 28 June under the command of Captain A. C. Dickson to join the Channel fleet.
East Indies.
In July 1803, she sailed for the East Indies station. On 21 December 1803, in the eastern Indian Ocean, "Sceptre" and "Albion" captured the French ship "Clarisse", 12 and her crew of 157 men. In 1804, Captain Joseph Bingham, formerly of "St. Fiorenzo", assumed command of "Sceptre". On 11 November 1806, HMS "Sceptre" and "Cornwallis" under Captain Johnston made a dash into St. Paul's Bay, Isle of Bourbon, and attacked the shipping there, which consisted of the frigate "Sémillante", three armed ships and twelve captured British ships. (The eight ships that had been earlier taken by "Sémillante" were valued at one and a half million pounds.) However, what little breeze there was soon failed, and the two ships found it difficult to manoeuvre and were unable to recapture any prizes.
In 1808, "Sceptre", in company with "Cornwallis", engaged and damaged "Sémillante", together with the shore batteries that she sought to protect. She served for six years in the East Indies before transferring to the Caribbean. During the passage from England Captain Samuel James Ballard trained his crew in the use of the broadsword. This later proved of value when they were used ashore. He arrived off Martinique with "Alfred" and "Frejus" under his orders, to find that four French frigates had captured and burnt "Junon", belonging to the Halifax squadron, about 150 miles to the windward of Guadaloupe.
On 18 December, "Sceptre", "Blonde", "Thetis", "Freija", "Castor", "Cygnet", "Hazard", "Ringdove", and "Elizabeth" proceeded to attack two of the enemy frigates, "Seine" and "Loire", anchored in Anse à la Barque ("Barque Cove"), about nine miles to the northwest of the town of Basse-Terre. "Blonde", "Thetis" and the three sloops bore the brunt of the attack but forced the French to abandon their ships and set fire to them. Captain Cameron, who was killed in the attempt, landed with the boats of "Hazard" and destroyed the shore batteries. "Sceptre" and "Cornwallis", much affected by scurvy, retired to Madagascar for their crews to recuperate. "Sceptre" then returned home in 1808 accompanied by two homeward-bound Danish East Indiamen that Captain Bingham had captured off the Cape of Good Hope.
Channel and West Indies.
"Sceptre" was paid off but, after repair and refitting, was recommissioned by Captain Bingham and joined Sir Richard Strachan in the expedition to the Scheldt in 1809. Towards the end of January 1810 "Sceptre" escorted a division of the troops destined for the attack on Guadaloupe from St. Lucia to the Saintes. While other troops were landed on the island he created a diversion off Trois-Rivières before landing his troops and marines between Anse à la Barque and Basse-Terre. Until the surrender of the island, Captain Ballard commanded the detachment of seamen and marines attached to the army. "Sceptre" visited most of the West Indian islands before sailing from St. Thomas in August with the homebound trade.
Channel.
She arrived at Spithead on 25 September 1810 and was docked and refitted. "Sceptre" was employed in the Channel watching the enemy in Brest and the Basque Roads until January 1813.
War of 1812.
In 1813, Captain C. Ross, took command of "Sceptre" as the flagship of Rear Admiral (Blue) Sir George Cockburn for operations against the United States. On 11 July 1813, "Sceptre", with "Romulus", "Fox", "Nemesis", and and the tenders and , anchored off the Ocracoke bar, in the Outer Banks of North Carolina. They had on board troops under the orders of Lieutenant Colonel Napier. An advanced division of the best pulling boats commanded by Lieutenant Westphall and carrying armed seamen and marines from "Sceptre" attacked the enemy's shipping. They were supported by Captain Ross with the rocket-boats. The flat and heavier boats followed with the bulk of the 102nd Regiment and the artillery.
The only opposition came from a brig, "Anaconda", of 18 guns, and a privateer schooner, the "Atlas", of 10 guns, which were the only armed vessels in the anchorage. When Lieutenant Westphall attacked, supported by rockets, the Americans abandoned "Anaconda" and "Atlas" struck. The troops took possession of Portsmouth Island and Ocracoke Island without opposition. The British took the two prizes into service as and "St Lawrence".
On 12 May 1814, "Sceptre" recaptured the letter of marque "Fanny". The capture and recapture of "Fanny", together with "Scepter"s claim for salvage, gave rise to several important legal cases.
Fate.
"Sceptre" spent her final years in the Channel in the blockade of the French fleet. In 1815, "Sceptre" was decommissioned at Chatham. After a period in ordinary, she was finally broken up at Chatham in 1821.
References.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="622179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622179" title="HMS Sceptre (1917)">
HMS Sceptre (1917)

HMS "Sceptre" was an R-class destroyer of the Royal Navy, built by Alexander Stephen and Sons, at Linthouse (in Glasgow) and launched on April 13, 1917. During sea trials she averaged nearly 36 knots in force 6 wind. In total 51 ships were in this class and saw service in World War I from 1916 to 1917, suffering comparatively light losses. "Sceptre" saw action as part of Admiral David Beatty's force, primarily employed in convoy escort and patrol duty in the North Sea and Atlantic. On July 17, 1917, "Sceptre" shot down a Zeppelin and later that year she sank an armed German trawler. She survived the war and was sold for disposal in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="622183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622183" title="HMS Sceptre (P215)">
HMS Sceptre (P215)

HMS "Sceptre" (P215) was a 1940-programme S-class submarine of the Royal Navy. She was launched on January 9, 1943, in Greenock, although her keel had been laid down in July 1940.
Career.
In World War II, "Sceptre" joined the 3rd Submarine Flotilla in April 1943 and was based at Holy Loch. She then detached to Scapa Flow to be used for the Submarine Commanding Officer's Qualifying Course, the Perisher. Whilst exercising to the west of the Orkney Islands, she was depth charged in error by the Royal Air Force and her hull was slightly buckled, which required docking for repairs.
After an uneventful first patrol, she was fitted with special towing gear and proceeded to Loch a' Chàirn Bhàin. Here she joined up with two T-class and three S-class submarines, together with the depot ships "Titania" and "Bonadventure", the latter being the depot ship for the X-craft midget submarines. "Sceptre" left Loch Cairnbawn on September 12, 1943, with "X-10" in tow. The aim was to attack the German battleship "Tirpitz" at Kåfjord. This attack was intended to remove the threat of the German battleship to convoys on their way to Russia. Six X-craft were used to attack shipping in the fjords, with the attack on "Tirpitz" putting her out of action for nearly a year.
In April 1944, "Sceptre" left for another "special operation" with "X-24" in tow. "X-24" penetrated Bergen harbour and sank the merchant ship "Bärenfels" as well as damaging large sections of the floating dock in the harbour.
"Sceptre" earned the title of "Bring them back alive" as she was the only towing submarine which lost none of the X-craft in her care. Commanded by Lieutenant I. S. McIntosh, MBE, DSC, throughout her short but active service career, "Sceptre" sank six ships — four merchant vessels of 14,393 gross register tons and two escorts of 1,444 displacement tons. This total and tonnage was unequalled by any other submarine in home waters during the period.
At the end of the war, "Sceptre" was disarmed, streamlined and given more powerful batteries to serve as a high speed target submarine. She was allocated to the Seventh Submarine Flotilla and used for training, based at Loch Alsh. She continued to run as a training unit based in Portland until February 1947. She was damaged by a battery explosion on 8 August 1949. She was finally sold to the British Iron and Steel Corporation for scrap in September 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="622187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622187" title="Tabernacle (disambiguation)">
Tabernacle (disambiguation)

__NOTOC__
The Tabernacle most commonly refers to the Jewish Tabernacle (משכן), which was a movable tent and worship facility used by the Israelites for the worship of Yahweh as recorded in the Book of Exodus. The Temple in Jerusalem, the successor to the above, was also called a tabernacle in early Jerusalem.
A tabernacle may also refer to:
As a proper name, Tabernacle may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="622189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622189" title="Opisometer">
Opisometer

An opisometer, also called a curvimeter, meilograph, or map measurer, is an instrument for measuring the lengths of arbitrary curved lines.
A simple opisometer consists of a toothed wheel of known circumference on a handle. The wheel is placed in contact with the curved line to be measured and run along its length. By counting the number of teeth passing a mark on the handle while this is done, the length of the line can be ascertained:
In more sophisticated models, sometimes called a chartometer, the wheel is connected via gearing to a rotary dial from which the line length can be directly read.
The instrument is most commonly used to measure the lengths of roads, rivers and other line features on maps. Opisometers designed for this purpose provide scales reading the measured distance in kilometers and miles.
Early versions of this instrument were patented in 1873 by the English engineer Edward Russell Morris. The instruments he produced were initially described as a "Patent Chartometer" although later versions were sold under the curious name of "Wealemefna". Writing in 1881, Morris described how he had created a wholly original name in an attempt to outwit his imitators; he also refused to disclose the origin of the word.

</doc>
<doc id="622195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622195" title="The Tabernacle">
The Tabernacle

The Tabernacle, known colloquially as The Tabby, is a mid-size concert hall in the U.S. city of Atlanta. The Tabernacle has been a venue for notable acts, including Guns N' Roses, The Black Crowes, Fergie, Adele, Robbie Williams, Alice in Chains, Bob Dylan, Prince & The New Power Generation and Atlanta's own Sevendust, among others. Along with music concerts, the venue also holds many comedy tours annually including Bob Saget, Lisa Lampanelli, Cheech & Chong and Stephen Lynch. The Tabernacle is managed by concert promoter Live Nation and has a seating capacity of 2,600 people.
History.
The building is nearly a century old and has a varied history.
Baptist Tabernacle (1898—1994).
Dr. Len G. Broughton was recruited from Virginia to become pastor of Third Baptist Church in Atlanta in March 1898. Within a year he had founded a new Baptist Tabernacle church on the southwest corner of Luckie and Harris streets (now the middle of Centennial Olympic Park). Rev. Broughton was closely associated with the church in its early years, leading the local press to refer to it as "Broughton's Tabernacle," though this was never the official name of the church or any of its buildings. The new church was quite successful and had to be expanded several times to accommodate growth.
The building was designed by noted Chattanooga architect Reuben Harrison Hunt, along with three other buildings for the same site including a nurses dormitory and a hospital building. (None of these other buildings survive to the present day). The plans were revealed in November 1907 and depict a church building somewhat larger than what was finally constructed, extending all the way to the corner of Luckie and Spring Street (see photo).
Ground-breaking ceremonies were held for the new building on August 17, 1909, at which time the construction cost had been revised to $125,000. At the time the membership of the church was 1,850 (up from 350 at its founding ten years before). Broughton, who was preaching at Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church at the time, was not present at the ground-breaking.
The cornerstone for the building was laid at the end of the 1910 Bible Conference held at the church. Immediately after a sermon by F. B. Meyer on March 9, 1910, an "immense crowd" adjourned to the construction site. Meyer said at the ceremony, "I believe that this will be an historic occasion, not only in the history of the church, but not unworthy to be chronicled in the history of this great and beautiful city." Paul Dwight Moody (son of D.L. Moody) also spoke at the ceremony. Broughton placed some papers in the stone including that day's program, the membership roll of the church and a list of officers. He capped the stone and sealed it with mortar.
The structure measures 147 by 130 feet with an exterior of red brick trimmed by granite. The style is neoclassical with Ionic columns and arches on the facade. The auditorium would seat 4,000 people (including the galleries) and the Sunday school facilities below could seat 3,000. The rostrum could accommodate a chorus of 500 people and featured a pipe organ that cost $15,000. The original planned opening was in May 1911, but this was eventually delayed.
The first services in the new building were held on September 3, 1911 beginning with a Sunday school at 9:30 (attended by 2,000). The doors opened for the main service at 10:40 am, by which time some people had been waiting two hours to enter. A week-long dedication for the church was held from September 10–17, 1911, during which as many as 8,000 people crowded into the auditorium and hundreds more were turned away.
On the very first day in the new building, Broughton gave a sermon criticizing local politicians for standing in the way of prohibition. Aside from the temperance movement, Broughton was outspoken on other political issues, and over the coming years he would have guest speakers appear at the Tabernacle toward this end. These included (then Vice President elect) Calvin Coolidge, Frank Hanly and others. Guest religious speakers appeared as well including Russell Conwell, G. Campbell Morgan Billy Sunday and George Washington Truett.
The congregation reached its peak in the 1950s with a membership of over 3,000. However, the phenomenon of white flight caused the church to go into decline in the decades afterward. By the 1980s, attendance at the church had dwindled to around 500, and it had trouble attracting a permanent pastor.
An attempt by the city government to give the building historic status was resisted in 1989, the members citing a loan plan necessary to insure the survival of the church. The congregation's troubles continued after that, leading a later pastor to attempt a fast to encourage donations to save the church. (At this time the church was making ends meet via revenue from the two adjacent parking lots which it owned). These efforts were ultimately unsuccessful. In December 1991 the congregation, then numbering about 100, voted to cease having services there and ordered the trustees to find a buyer for the building.
The building's history as a church ended on Friday, October 14, 1994 when it was sold (along with the offices and the two parking lots) for $2.2 million to a group of investors led by James B. Cumming who intended to redevelop the area in conjunction with the 1996 Summer Olympics. Its position just across from Centennial Olympic Park made it very attractive as a potential Olympic entertainment venue.
House of Blues (1996—1997).
At least two different teams attempted to develop the building as a venue for the Olympics with little success. As the event approached, it looked for a time that no deal would come together. Then, in April 1996, Isaac Tigrett visited Atlanta with other investors and cut a deal to open a House of Blues in the building in time for the Olympics. Prior to this, Atlanta had not been a planned expansion location for House of Blues. Tigrett gave his partner Lance Sterling the go-ahead for the project with only 45 days available, even after Sterling had told him even 60 days was too short a time. Despite this short lead time, the venue was ready when the Olympics opened in July 1996.
The first act to perform (on July 19 & 20) was The Blues Brothers (with Dan Aykroyd, James Belushi and John Goodman)' along with featured performers such as James Cotton, Luther "Guitar Jr." Johnson, Booker T. & the M.G.'s, Eddie Floyd, Tommy "Pipes" McDonald, Billy Boy Arnold and Paul Shaffer. Other well-known performers during the Olympic run included James Brown, Johnny Cash, Al Green and Jerry Lee Lewis. Lesser-known acts who appeared included Burning Spear, Johnny Clegg and Juluka, Third World, Tito Puente and His Latin Jazz All-Stars, and Celia Cruz. At the close of the Olympics, Bob Dylan performed two shows on August 3 & 4.
Civic leaders in Atlanta had high hopes that House of Blues would continue as a permanent downtown attraction, especially when the lease was extended through January 1997. But immediately after the Olympics were finished, word came that it would shut down. Efforts were launched to convince Tigrett to continue in Atlanta, but the local investment money he insisted upon ($4 million by some accounts) could not be found.
Some concerts were held at the venue under the House of Blues name beginning in 1997 through the efforts of Lance Sterling. The trial run began on Wednesday, November 12, 1997 with a concert by Hall & Oates. House of Blues ended its relationship with Atlanta when its lease expired for the last time in January 1998. City leaders continued negotiations with Sterling, who said "This is the premier venue in the Southeast. I am personally committed to making downtown Atlanta a venue, and I'm calling everybody I know to make this happen."
The Tabernacle (1998—present).
On March 11, 1998 Lance Sterling announced that he had entered into a 30 year lease agreement and was investing $2 million of his own money to develop the building. The venue was renamed The Tabernacle at this time. The reopening was set for March 28, the same day that Centennial Olympic Park was set to reopen across the street. The Tabernacle operated as a successful concert venue under Sterling's management for almost two years.
Eventually Sterling (whose home is in California) found the business was conflicting with his family life. "I would spend a week there and a week home. It was just too much," he said. He sold his interest in the building to SFX Entertainment (now Live Nation) on December 17, 1999.
At the same time as the SFX sale, local music promoters Alex Cooley and Peter Conlon announced that they would move their Cotton Club to the basement of the building (the former Sunday school room) as an additional feature of the venue. Cotton Club reopened Friday, February 11, 2000 with a show by Staind. Cotton Club operated in the lower level of The Tabernacle until November 20, 2004. The last performer was Helmet.
The Tabernacle continues as a major concert venue in Atlanta into 2013. Conan O'Brien hosted a week of "Conan" shows at The Tabernacle between April 1—4, 2013.[http://teamcoco.com/Atlanta][http://teamcoco.com/atlanta-ticket-info]
March 2008 tornado.
On March 14, 2008, the Tabernacle sustained extensive damage when a tornado tore through downtown Atlanta. Windows were blown out and the roof was severely damaged. A broken water pipe caused additional damage. It was the first tornado to hit the downtown area since weather record keeping began in late 1878, or unofficially at any time in the city's history.
Major repairs and restoration took less than two months, working around the clock. Because the ornate plasterwork on the ceiling could not be repaired, drywall and molding were used to re-create the same designs. The original painter from the 1996 opening was found to repaint the repaired sections. Upgrades were also done to electrical and other systems.
February 2014.
Shortly after the beginning of a Panic! At the Disco concert, the building was evacuated due to possible cracking in the floor.
Awards.
The Tabernacle has been named one of the best concert venues in the nation by "Rolling Stone" and "Paste" magazines.
It has also won numerous "Best of Atlanta" awards over the years:

</doc>
<doc id="622203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622203" title="List of New Zealand place names and their meanings">
List of New Zealand place names and their meanings

Placenames in New Zealand derive largely from British and Māori origins. An overview of naming practices can be found at New Zealand place names.
"Thomson's Barnyard".
Many of the locations in the southern South Island of New Zealand, especially those in Central Otago and the Maniototo, were named by John Turnbull Thomson, who had surveyed the area in the late 1850s. Many of these placenames are of Northumbrian origin, as was Thomson himself.
There is a widespread belief that the naming of many places was through a disagreement with the New Zealand surveying authorities. It has long been suggested that Thomson originally intended to give either classical or traditional Maori names to many places, but these names were refused. In response, Thomson gave prosaic Northumbrian names to them, often simply in the form of a Northumbrian dialectic name for an animal The Maniototo region around the town of Ranfurly is rife with such names as Kyeburn, Gimmerburn, Hoggetburn, and Wedderburn as a result, and the area is still occasionally referred to as "Thomson's Barnyard" or the "Farmyard Patch".

</doc>
<doc id="622205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622205" title="Line of succession to the Swedish throne">
Line of succession to the Swedish throne

The line of succession to the Swedish throne is determined by the Act of Succession (), originally approved jointly by the Riksdag of the Estates assembled in Örebro and King Charles XIII in 1810.
In 1979, the Riksdag introduced absolute primogeniture, meaning that the eldest child of the monarch, regardless of gender, is first in the line of succession. The change entered into force on 1 January 1980, making Sweden the first country to adopt absolute primogeniture. The Swedish crown had previously (since 1810) descended according to agnatic primogeniture, meaning that only males could inherit it.
Eligibility.
According to the Act of Succession, only King Carl XVI Gustaf's Lutheran legitimate descendants brought up in Sweden are presently entitled to succeed. A person loses his or her succession rights and deprives his or her descendants of their succession rights if he or she:

</doc>
<doc id="622208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622208" title="Sepiidae">
Sepiidae

Sepiidae is a family of cephalopods in the order Sepiida.
Classification.
The species listed above with an asterisk (*) are questionable and need further study to determine if they are a valid species or a synonym. The question mark (?) indicates questionable placement within the genus.

</doc>
<doc id="622213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622213" title="Pack Up the Cats">
Pack Up the Cats

Pack Up the Cats is an album by the alternative rock band Local H. It was released on September 1, 1998, on Island Records, around the time when Polygram, the parent label of Island, merged with Universal, causing the album to be all but forgotten during the transition. This would be their last album released on Island before they split from the label, as well as the last album with original drummer Joe Daniels. It was ranked #20 on "Spin"'s 20 best albums of 1998.
Personnel.
Local H:
Guest musicians:
Production:

</doc>
<doc id="622214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622214" title="Anna Kyoyama">
Anna Kyoyama

Her voice actress in the original Japanese "Shaman King" anime is Megumi Hayashibara and is Tara Jayne in the English anime. In some Japanese products and in ', her name is spelled Anna Kyohyama'".
Overview.
In "Shaman King", Anna is the fiancée and later wife of Yoh Asakura, and is an itako ("spirit medium" in the English dub) - a traditional Japanese shaman. Her specialty is channeling, and she can summon a spirit from anywhere, even from heaven where normal shamans can't reach. She is depicted as a relatively thin girl with shoulder-length blonde hair who wears a short black dress, traditional sandals, and prayer beads she uses as an itako. Anna frequently wears a red scarf tied around her head, though she occasionally wears the scarf around her neck. In addition to the prayer beads she wears around her neck, she wields another set of beads called 1080 which she uses to fight strong spirits and shamans. Anna attends Shinra Private Academy along with Yoh and Manta and her favourite singer in the manga, Ringo Awaya, is a reference to Japanese singer and guitarist Shiina Ringo.
Anna's first appearance in the manga occurs after Yoh narrowly defeats Tao Ren. From there after, she starts her "special training" program to help Yoh become Shaman King; she is unrelentingly brutal with his training to the extent that Yoh refers to the regimen as torture instead. Aggressive and decisive, Anna is a pragmatic person who, to most, appears cold and harsh. However, she has shown that she genuinely cares for those important to her, especially Yoh, and merely is dedicated to be "the ultimate Shaman Queen" and wife to Yoh, the first real friend that she ever had in her life. She holds a deep gratitude for Yoh for saving her life, thus she believes it is her responsibility as Yoh's wife to train him hard so he can achieve his dream of becoming Shaman King in spite of her claim it is so he can realize her dream of living a comfortable life.
As a shaman, Anna possesses tremendous spiritual ability and mastery of shamanic techniques; her impressive strength allowed her to seal in Hao Asakura's shikigami guardians - Zenki and Kouki - and take control of them as her spirit allies. She shows little fear of Hao, whom she detests, and does not hesitate to successfully slap him. In response, Hao expresses interest in her, possibly because she resembles Asano-Ha, the mother of his original incarnation 1000 years ago, and because of the extent of her power.
Despite how badly she seems to treat him, Anna unquestionably loves Yoh and explicitly admits to it. Because she is certain of her assessment of his abilities, she rarely loses her composure when he is in danger unless something completely unexpected arises, such as when she believes Yoh was about to killed while being possessed by Tokagero. She can be extremely possessive of Yoh, beating him up once when she thought that the Oracle Bell he brought home was a woman's pager. Yoh is constantly intimidated by Anna, seemingly fearing her wrath even more than Hao, though his own feelings for her are expressed in how the promise he made to her to become Shaman King is the greatest motivation he has to continue fighting. Despite her harsh demeanor and strong will, she is actually gentle and kind to those she cares about.
History.
Anna was abandoned as a young girl because her parents became afraid of her strong shamanic powers, which included the ability to see into other people's minds without willing to. Left on Mount Osore, she was found by Yoh's grandmother, Kino Asakura, who took Anna as an apprentice and gave her the surname "Kyōyama" (恐山), an alternate reading of the characters for . Recognizing Anna's inherent potential, Yoh's grandparents decided that she would be a suitable bride for Yoh. 
Before meeting Yoh, Anna's mind reading power known as reishi (soul sight) was one that she could not fully control. She could not help but pick up the negative emotions of others every time she was around other people; because of this, she began to hate others, and this hatred would involuntarily manifest itself as an Oni (demonic ogres, akin to boogeyman in Western cultures). Thus she tried to avoid going out as much as possible, usually confining herself to her room.
Anna and Yoh meet when they are ten years old in 1995 at Mt. Osore, shortly after Yoh and Matamune arrive in Aomori to visit Kino. Yoh is attacked by an oni, unaware that it came from Anna, who cryptically warns Yoh to stay aware from her. However, Yoh persists in trying to get to know Anna and eventually learns that Anna's negative emotions create the oni, who are beyond her control. Matamune, as one of the Asakura family's most powerful spirits, was chosen to accompany Yoh to save Anna from herself because her powers closely resembled those of Matamune's former master, Hao Asakura.
Yoh's positive influence on Anna allows her to gradually open her heart and she accepts his invitation to accompany him to a temple on New Year's Eve. However, the selfish desires of the tremendous amount of people present overwhelm Anna, who summons a powerful oni that begins absorbing other oni nearby. The Oh-Oni created gains the ability to speak and kidnaps Anna to take her to Mount Osore to absorb the lurking spirits there. Matamune sacrifices his physical form to give Yoh the power to defeat the Oh-Oni and save Anna, whose heart opens enough to admit that while she will never forget her deep-seated resentment towards humans and the world, she has begun to love Yoh. Yoh and Anna are able to destroy the Oh-Oni, whose body is forged by Kino to become the 1080 beads.
Because Yoh freed her from the darkness that haunted her each day, she grows to love him and resolves to become stronger so not to feel the same pain in the past and to repay him for everything he sacrificed for her.
Other appearances.
Anna appears in Takei's short story "Funbari no Uta"; she has a son named Hana Asakura and she is married to Yoh. The short story takes place 6 years after the conclusion of the Shaman King manga, implying that she became pregnant soon after or before the final Shaman Fight. While Anna does not appear directly in "Shaman King: Flowers", either she or the Anna who appears in "Butsu Zone" or "Itako no Anna" is responsible for training Silva's daughter, who was named after Anna and possesses a strong resemblance to her mentor. 
The character that Anna is based on also stars in a one-shot comic called Itako no Anna, which focuses mainly on her character and appears in Takei's other short work, "Butsu Zone", as an ally to the main characters. Though the character is an itako in both works and possesses a similar appearance and background, the Anna Kyoyama who appears in "Itako no Anna" and "Butsu Zone" has a cheerful and enthusiastic personality compared to the aggressive and intimidating Anna in "Shaman King". She wields the sword "Harusame" (which would reappear in "Shaman King" as a primary medium for Amidamaru) and expresses an interest in travelling to find her birth parents. It is suggested that Anna I, an itako who trained under the Asakura family and moved to Los Angeles, is likely the Anna who appeared in "Butsu Zone". She is mentioned as having succeeded in the business and regularly sent information obtained on the Patch Tribe to the Asakuras, which aided Anna Kyoyama and her companions in locating the Patch Village. Anna I is responsible for training Anna III, the daughter of Patch Officiant Silva, who also has a strong resemblance to the prototype for Anna.
Anna and Yoh also appear in flash back of manga "Shaman King Flowers", sequel from "Shaman King" series which took place six or seven years after "Funbari no Uta" with Hana Asakura, Yoh and Anna's son as the main character. 
Anna appears as a playable character for the Nintendo DS titles, Jump Superstars and Jump Ultimate Stars and is the main playable character in the second mission of the Shaman King world where she fights Dio Brando and Freeza.
Reception.
She has been featured various times in the "Animage"'s Anime Grand Prix polls, ranking as one of the most popular female characters. Merchandise based on Anna have been released, including action figures, key chains, and items for cosplay.
Chris Beveridge from Mania.com said Anna "brings that hardass kind of charm that only some women can manage to the show." Anna is also the mascot of the Aomori prefectural police.

</doc>
<doc id="622217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622217" title="Pastured poultry">
Pastured poultry

Pastured poultry is a sustainable agriculture technique that calls for the raising of laying chickens, meat chickens (broilers), and/or turkeys on pasture, as opposed to indoor confinement. Humane treatment, the perceived health benefits of pastured poultry, in addition to superior texture and flavor, are causing an increase in demand for such products.
Joel Salatin of Swoope, Virginia, helped to reintroduce the technique at Polyface Farm, and wrote his book "Pastured Poultry Profits" to spread the idea to other farmers. Andy Lee and Herman Beck-Chenoweth expanded on Salatin's techniques, and created some of their own.
The American Pastured Poultry Producers' Association (APPPA) was formed to promote pastured poultry. Its membership consists
largely of pastured poultry farmers.
Though pasture feeding improves the nutritive quality of ruminant meats, the effect of pasture feeding on poultry meat composition is not well established. One trial showed low impact of pasture feeding on vitamin E and fatty acid composition.
The pens that house the fowl can be made from wood and scrap metal or out of PVC pipe and white tarps.
Pastured poultry is also gaining popularity because it helps the farmer, through reducing capital costs, and increasing pasture fertility. It is very well suited for incorporation within a system of managed intensive grazing.
Pastured poultry is not limited to chickens and turkeys. It includes a variety of other birds, including ducks, geese and exotics in the poultry family.
Free-Range Poultry.
Herman Beck-Chenoweth re-introduced the free-range system that was the most popular way to raise poultry in the U.S. from the 1930s through the 1960s. The system allows birds to range freely during the day and be safely sequestered on secure skid houses over night. The addition of a guard animal, such as an Komondor or Anatolian Shepherd dog, controls predators. In the Modern American Free-Range Poultry Production System birds are much less crowded and freer to practice normal bird behaviour than in any other pasture based system.
Although frequently listed as a "pasture" method, free-"range" refers to the length of the forage. Cows graze "pasture" which is forage over six inches long. "Range" refers to short forage of 2-4 inches. Free-Range is a very sustainable production system that improves the farmer's soil and produces poultry with strong bones and meat with good "mouthfeel". Combined with proper aging after slaughter the meat is tender and flavorful.
More information on this system [http://www.Free-RangePoultry.com].

</doc>
<doc id="622218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622218" title="Bobtail squid">
Bobtail squid

Bobtail squid (order Sepiolida) are a group of cephalopods closely related to cuttlefish. Bobtail squid tend to have a rounder mantle than cuttlefish and have no cuttlebone. They have eight suckered arms and two tentacles and are generally quite small (typical male mantle length being between 1 and 8 cm). Sepiolids live in shallow coastal waters of the Pacific Ocean and some parts of the Indian Ocean as well as in shallow waters on the west coast of the Cape Peninsula off South Africa. Like cuttlefish, they can swim by either using the fins on their mantle or by jet propulsion. They are also known as dumpling squid (owing to their rounded mantle) or stubby squid.
Light organ.
Bobtail squid have a symbiotic relationship with bioluminescent bacteria ("Vibrio fischeri"), which inhabit a special light organ in the squid's mantle. The bacteria are fed a sugar and amino acid solution by the squid and in return hide the squid's silhouette when viewed from below by matching the amount of light hitting the top of the mantle. The organ contains filters which may alter the wavelength of luminescence closer to that of downwelling moonlight and starlight; a lens with biochemical similarities to the squid's eye to diffuse the bacterial luminescence; and a reflector which directs the light ventrally.
Reproduction.
Sepiolida are iteroparous and a female might lay several clutches, each of 1-400 eggs (dependent on species), over her estimated one year long lifetime. The eggs are covered with sand and left without parental care. Symbiosis with "V. fischeri" from the surrounding seawater is initiated immediately upon hatching, and the bacteria's colonisation of the juvenile light-organ induces morphological changes in the squid that lead to maturity.
Classification.
About 70 species are known. Sepiolid taxonomy within the coleoid cephalopods is currently controversial, thus their position is subject to future change.

</doc>
<doc id="622233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622233" title="EE-T1 Osório">
EE-T1 Osório

The Engesa EE-T1 "Osório" was a Brazilian main battle tank prototype. It was developed as a privately funded venture by Engesa, with little government support. It was intended to be sold first to Arab and other Third World countries, jump-starting production — and enabling the Brazilian Army to later place its own orders without having to fund development costs. However macro-political events including the Gulf War and North American political pressure led to the tank's demise, and the tank was never acquired by the Brazilian Army.
Development.
Development started in 1982 and the first prototype was completed in 1985.
The EE-T1 was considered for service with the Saudi Arabian Army. It was evaluated against the French AMX 40, the American M1 Abrams, and the British Challenger 1 and emerged as the winner. The Osorio was quite cheap and affordable while having better results in the trials than the other three MBTs. In September 1989, Saudi Arabia quietly opted for the M1 Abrams instead and only announced its new decision shortly after Iraq invaded neighboring Kuwait, triggering the Persian Gulf War. The two unique prototypes were given to the Brazilian Army as a result of Engesa going bankrupt.

</doc>
<doc id="622234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622234" title="Idiosepius">
Idiosepius

Idiosepius is a genus of bobtail squid encompassing around eight species. It is the sole genus of the family Idiosepiidae.
Members of this genus represent no interest to commercial fisheries.
Species.
The species listed above with an asterisk (*) is questionable and needs further study to determine if it is a valid species or a synonym.

</doc>
<doc id="622245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622245" title="Michael J. McCulley">
Michael J. McCulley

Michael James McCulley (born August 4, 1943) is a retired Captain in the United States Navy, a former NASA astronaut and was the first submariner in space.
Personal data.
Born August 4, 1943, in San Diego, California, but considers Livingston, Tennessee to be his hometown. Married to the former Jane Emalie Thygeson of Melbourne, Florida. Six children. Recreational interests include skiing, reading, camping,biking,and jogging. He currently resides in Friendswood, Texas.
Organizations.
Member of the:
Special honors.
Awarded the Legion of Merit, Defense Superior Service Medal, Navy Commendation Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Meritorious Unit Commendation, Small Arms Expert Ribbon, NASA Space Flight Medal, and the Child Advocate of the Year Award for the state of Florida from the Children's Home Society, an organization dedicated to services for children and young mothers.
Experience.
After graduation from high school, McCulley enlisted in the U.S. Navy and subsequently served on one diesel-powered and two nuclear-powered submarines. In 1965 he entered Purdue University, and in January 1970, received his Officer's commission in the Navy and bachelor and master of science degrees. Following flight training, he served tours of duty in A-4 Skyhawk and A-6 Intruder aircraft, and was selected to attend the Empire Test Pilots' School in Britain. He served in a variety of test pilots billets at the Naval Air Test Center, Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland, before returning to sea duty on USS "Saratoga" and .
He has flown over 50 aircraft types, logging over 5,000 flying hours, and has nearly 400 carrier landings from six aircraft carriers.
Selected by NASA in May 1984, McCulley completed a one-year training and evaluation program in June 1985, qualifying him for assignment as a pilot on future Space Shuttle flight crews. His technical assignments include: Astronaut Office weather coordinator; flight crew representative to the Shuttle Requirements Control Board; Technical Assistant to the Director of Flight Crew Operations; lead of the Astronaut Support Team at the Kennedy Space Center. He flew on STS-34 in 1989 and has logged a total of 119 hours and 41 minutes in space.
In October 1990, following his retirement from NASA and the Navy, McCulley was employed by Lockheed Martin Space Operations and served as Vice President and Deputy Launch Site Director for the Kennedy Space Center. He was promoted to Director in November 1995.
McCulley next served as Vice President and Associate Program Manager for USA's (United Space Alliance) Ground Operations at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Named to this position on June 1, 1996, he was responsible for directing the integration of all processing activities associated with America's Space Shuttle program to ensure safe and successful fulfillment of all company contractual commitments to NASA.
In November 1999, Mike McCulley was named Chief Operating Officer (COO) of United Space Alliance (USA). In this role he had primary responsibility for the day-to-day operations and overall management of USA, the Prime Contractor for the Space Shuttle Program. Prior to being named COO, McCulley was Vice President and Deputy Program Manager for the Space Flight Operations Contract (SFOC), where he assisted USA’s Vice President and Program manager in the management of the Space Shuttle Program.
On May 15, 2003, Mike McCulley was named President and Chief Executive Officer of United Space Alliance and is ultimately responsible for the direction, development and operations of the company.
On September 28, 2007, Mike McCulley retired from his position as CEO of United Space Alliance.
Space flight experience.
McCulley was the pilot on mission STS-34. The crew aboard Shuttle Orbiter "Atlantis" launched from Kennedy Space Center, Florida on October 18, 1989, and landed at Edwards Air Force Base, California, on October 23, 1989. During the mission crew members successfully deployed the Galileo spacecraft on its journey to explore Jupiter, operated the Shuttle Solar Backscatter Ultraviolet Instrument (SSBUV) to map atmospheric ozone, and performed numerous secondary experiments involving radiation measurements, polymer morphology, lightning research, microgravity effects on plants, and a student experiment on ice crystal growth in space. Mission duration was 4 days, 23 hours, 41 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="622247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622247" title="James McDivitt">
James McDivitt

James Alton "Jim" McDivitt (born June 10, 1929), (Brig Gen, USAF Ret.), is a former American test pilot and NASA astronaut who flew in the Gemini and Apollo programs. He commanded the Gemini 4 flight during which Edward H. White performed the first US space walk, and later the Apollo 9 flight which was the first manned flight test of the Lunar Module and the complete set of Apollo flight hardware. He later became Manager of Lunar Landing Operations and was the Apollo Spacecraft Program Manager from 1969 to 1972.
Early life and education.
McDivitt was born on June 10, 1929, in Chicago, Illinois. He was a Boy Scout and earned the rank of Tenderfoot Scout. McDivitt graduated from Kalamazoo Central High School, Kalamazoo, Michigan, in 1947; Jackson Junior College (now known as Jackson College), Jackson, Michigan, and received a Bachelor of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the University of Michigan (graduated first in class) in 1959 and an Honorary Doctorate in Astronautical Science from the University of Michigan in 1965; Honorary Doctor of Science, Seton Hall University, 1969; Honorary Doctor of Science, Miami University (Ohio), 1970; Honorary Doctor of Laws, Eastern Michigan University, 1975.
Organizations/honors.
McDivitt is a member of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots, Conquistadores del Cielo, Tau Beta Pi, and Phi Kappa Phi,
McDivitt was awarded two NASA Distinguished Service Medals; NASA Exceptional Service Medal; two Air Force Distinguished Service Medals; four Distinguished Flying Crosses; five Air Medals; the Chong Moo Medal from South Korea; the USAF Air Force Systems Command Aerospace Primus Award; the Arnold Air Society JFK Trophy; the Sword of Loyola; the Michigan Wolverine Frontiersman Award; and USAF Astronaut Wings.
United States Air Force.
McDivitt joined the United States Air Force in 1951 and retired with the rank of Brigadier General in 1972. He flew 145 combat missions during the Korean War in F-80s and F-86s.
He is a graduate of the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School and the USAF Aerospace Research Pilot course and served as an experimental test pilot at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
He has logged over 5,000 flight hours, including flying as a chase pilot for Robert M. White's historic X-15 flight on July 17, 1962, in which White reached an altitude of and became the first to be awarded astronaut wings based on the USAF definition of .
NASA career.
Project Gemini.
McDivitt was selected as an astronaut by NASA in September 1962 as part of Astronaut Group 2. He was chosen as Command Pilot of Gemini 4, becoming the first US astronaut to command his first spaceflight. Only three other Gemini astronauts, from this group, were chosen to command their first flights: Frank Borman (Gemini 7), Neil Armstrong (Gemini 8), and Elliot See. (See was killed in the crash of a T-38 trainer jet three months before his Gemini 9 mission.) After Gemini, only two other rookies commanded their first flights: Gerald Carr (Skylab 4) and Joe Engle (Space Shuttle STS-2).
McDivitt is also the first Roman Catholic to fly into space.
McDivitt commanded the Gemini 4 mission with Edward H. White as his copilot. Launched on June 3, 1965, the mission lasted four days and made 66 orbits, allowing the United States to come close to the early space endurance record of five days set by the Soviet Vostok 5 flight. The first objective was to attempt the first space rendezvous with the spacecraft's spent Titan II launch vehicle's upper stage. This was not successful; McDivitt was unable to get closer than what he estimated to be . Several factors worked against him. There were depth-perception problems (his and White's visual estimates of the distance differed, variously longer or shorter than each other at different times). The orbital mechanics of rendezvous were not yet well understood by NASA engineers. Also, the stage was venting its remaining propellant, which kept pushing it around in different directions relative to the spacecraft.
McDivitt finally broke off the rendezvous attempt in order to save fuel and preserve the second, more important objective, which was for White to perform the first United States "space walk". McDivitt controlled the capsule's attitude and photographed White during the "walk". The hatch on Gemini 4, through which White exited to make his walk, was prone to problems with the latch mechanism gears coming unmeshed, making it difficult to open and relatch the hatch. McDivitt had spent some time before the flight with a McDonnell engineer, improvising a technique of forcing the gears to mesh by inserting the fingers inside the mechanism. The hatch was difficult to open and also to relatch during the flight, but McDivitt was able to get it working both times, with his hands in his pressurized space suit gloves. If he had not been able to get the hatch latched after the space walk, both men would have most certainly been killed during re-entry.
On the second day, over Hawaii, while White was asleep, McDivitt happened to see an unidentified flying object, which he described as looking "like a beer can or a pop can, and with a little thing like maybe like a pencil or something sticking out of it." He got a camera and took a few photographs of it, but did not have time to properly set exposure or focus properly. He believes that since it was visible to him, it must have been in an orbit close to that of his spacecraft, probably a piece of ice or Mylar insulation having broken off of it.
Word of the "UFO photos" reached the press by the time the flight splashed down, and one eager reporter waited for the Gemini 4 photos to be processed. He found one with a cluster of three or four images that looked like disc-shaped objects with tails, which became known as the "tadpole" photo. McDivitt has identified these as reflections of bolts in the multipaned windows.
Gordon Cooper wrote in his memoirs that as far as he knows, it is the only officially reported account of a UFO in any of the Mercury, Gemini or Apollo missions.
Project Apollo.
In April 1966, McDivitt, along with Astronaut Group 3 astronauts David Scott and Rusty Schweickart were named as members of the backup crew for Gus Grissom's first manned Apollo mission Apollo 1, flying only the Apollo Command/Service Module in Earth orbit. In December, they were replaced as backups with the crew of a cancelled second mission and were promoted to prime crew of a new second mission flying both the Command/Service Module and the Lunar Module. They were training for this mission when tragedy struck on January 27, 1967: A cabin fire killed Grissom's crew and brought a 22-month suspension of manned Apollo flights.
After the Apollo 1 fire, plans resumed for McDivitt's crew to fly the Lunar Module mission, which would have been Apollo 8 in December 1968. But the Lunar Module wasn't ready in time, so NASA decided to make Apollo 8 a circumlunar flight of the Command/Service Module, flown by Frank Borman, Jim Lovell, and William Anders. McDivitt's 10-day Earth orbital LM test became Apollo 9, launched on March 3, 1969.
After Apollo 9, McDivitt became Manager of Lunar Landing Operations in May 1969, and led a team that planned the lunar exploration program and redesigned the spacecraft to accomplish this task. In August 1969, he became Manager of the Apollo Spacecraft Program and was the program manager for Apollo 12, 13, 14, 15 and 16. After leaving the Apollo Program he was offered the opportunity to be the Shuttle Program Director, but elected to leave NASA to pursue a career in business.
Post-NASA career.
McDivitt retired from the USAF and left NASA in June 1972, to take the position of Executive Vice-President, Corporate Affairs for Consumers Power Company. In March 1975, he joined Pullman, Inc. as Executive Vice-President and a Director. In October 1975 he became President of the Pullman Standard Division.
In January 1981 he joined Rockwell International where was the Senior Vice President, Government Operations and International at the time of his retirement., Washington, D.C. He retired in 1995.
Source:A NASA biography page
In the 1998 HBO miniseries "From the Earth to the Moon" McDivitt was played by Conor O'Farrell.

</doc>
<doc id="622251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622251" title="Donald R. McMonagle">
Donald R. McMonagle

Donald Ray McMonagle (born May 14, 1952) (Retired Colonel, USAF) became the Manager, Launch Integration, at the Kennedy Space Center, Florida, on August 15, 1997. In this capacity he is responsible for final Shuttle preparation, launch execution, and return of the orbiter to KSC following landings at any location other than KSC. He is chair of the Mission Management Team, and is the final authority for launch decision.
Early years.
McMonagle was born in Flint, Michigan, and graduated from Hamady High School, Flint, Michigan, in 1970. McMonagle received a Bachelor of Science degree in Astronautical Engineering from the United States Air Force Academy in 1974, a Master of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from California State University-Fresno in 1985 and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business in 2003.
Military career.
McMonagle completed pilot training at Columbus Air Force Base (AFB), Mississippi, in 1975. After F-4 training at Homestead AFB, Florida, he went on a 1-year tour of duty as an F-4 pilot at Kunsan Air Base, South Korea. He returned from overseas to Holloman AFB, New Mexico, in 1977. In 1979, McMonagle was assigned to Luke AFB, Arizona, as an F-15 instructor pilot. In 1981, he entered the USAF Test Pilot School at Edwards AFB, California, and was the outstanding graduate in his class. From 1982 to 1985, McMonagle was the operations officer and a project test pilot for the Advanced Fighter Technology Integration F-16 aircraft. After attending the Air Command and Staff College at Maxwell AFB, Alabama, from 1985 to 1986, he was assigned as the operations officer of the 6513th Test Squadron at Edwards AFB. McMonagle has over 5,000 hours of flying experience in a variety of aircraft, primarily the T-38, F- 4, F-15, and F-16.
Astronaut.
McMonagle was selected as an astronaut by NASA in June 1987. A veteran of three space flights, McMonagle has logged over 605 hours in space. McMonagle flew as a mission specialist aboard the Space Shuttle Discovery on Department of Defense mission STS-39 in April 1991. During this highly successful 8-day mission, the seven-man crew deployed, operated, and retrieved a remotely controlled spacecraft and conducted several science experiments to include research of both natural and induced phenomena in the Earth's atmosphere. In January 1993, McMonagle served as pilot on STS-54 aboard the Space Shuttle Endeavour. The 6-day mission featured the deployment of a Tracking and Data Relay Satellite (TDRS), and the collection of information about celestial x-rays using a Diffuse X-Ray Spectrometer. McMonagle commanded a crew of six aboard Space Shuttle Atlantis on the STS-66 Atmospheric Laboratory for Applications and Science-3 (ATLAS-3) 11-day mission in November 1994. In January 1996 McMonagle was assigned the task to establish a new Extra-Vehicular Activity (EVA) Project Office responsible for managing all NASA resources associated with space suits and tools used to conduct space walks in support of Space Shuttle and the International Space Station. This role included responsibility for developing and implementing a plan for research and development of next generation space suits to support future human space exploration.
Honors.
McMonagle's accomplishments have earned him many notable awards. He has received the Air Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, three Air Force Commendation Medals, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Liethen-Tittle Award (Top Graduate from USAF Test Pilot School), three NASA Space Flight Medals, the NASA Exceptional Service Medal, and the NASA Outstanding Leadership Medal.
McMonagle is a member of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots; Association of Graduates, U. S. Air Force Academy; and Association of Space Explorers.
Later years.
McMonagle is married to the former Janyce Morton of Phoenix, Arizona. They have two children and reside in Tucson, Arizona.
Source: [http://www.jsc.nasa.gov/Bios/htmlbios/mcmonagl.html]
As of 19 June 2006, he was named as the Vice-President of Quality and Mission Effectiveness of the Missile Systems business unit of Raytheon, located in Tucson Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="622255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622255" title="Passenger (Swedish band)">
Passenger (Swedish band)

Passenger was a Swedish metal band active between 1995–2004.
History.
Passenger was formed in 1995 by Sten and Engelin. Both members wanted to do something that was not Thrash metal or Melodic death metal unlike the bands they played in. At its early stages the band was originally called Cliff. Under the name Cliff they recorded two demos in Studio Fredman that were never released. After a break in the band and after Engelin was hired as a session guitarist for In Flames' Whoracle tour, Anders Fridén, the vocalist of In Flames showed interest in Passenger and joined the band.
In the year 2000 the band came back from its break and went on to record a demo. In 2001 the band recorded another demo in which early versions of the songs "Used", "In My Head", "Circus" and "Drowning City" were recorded. After a third demo the band finally recorded and released their debut album entitled "Passenger". A video for "In Reverse" was also released.
Sten noted in February 2004 on their official website that they were in the process of recording their second album. However, since then, Fridén, lead vocalist of both Passenger and In Flames has been noted saying that he has very little time for the project, due to other commitments, and the group has split up as a result. In an interview with Fridén he stated that as soon as he gets a break from In Flames, he wants to get all the group together to record a second album for early 2010. This however, did not happen as Anders continued touring with In Flames until October 2010 when they entered their studio to record their next album. As of 2013, a decade after the band released their self-titled debut album, there has not been any activity in regards to regrouping. However, an interview with Unsung Melody, Fridén has admitted that it has been thought about.

</doc>
<doc id="622257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622257" title="Quad City International Airport">
Quad City International Airport

Quad City International Airport is a public airport in Rock Island County, Illinois, three miles (5 km) south of Moline. It is owned by the Metropolitan Airport Authority. It is partly in Blackhawk Township and partly in Coal Valley Township. In 2012 it was named "Illinois Primary Airport of the Year".
Quad City is the third-busiest commercial airport in Illinois – Chicago's O'Hare and Midway International Airports lead the state. The international designation is for being an official port of entry and having a U.S. customs port of entry. A Foreign Trade Zone and U.S. Customs Office are located at the airport, enabling international inbound and outbound shipments. While there are no scheduled commercial flights to international destinations, local corporate jets (especially those owned by Deere & Company) do make periodic non-stop trips to destinations in Africa, Asia, Europe, and South America.
History.
Franing Field, the site of the present Quad City International Airport, was picked as an ideal flying field, with of level, grassy land free of obstacles. The airport made headlines right at the start, chosen as a control point for the first coast-to-coast flight in the fall of 1919. On August 18, 1927 an estimated 10,000 people came to welcome Charles Lindbergh in Moline and his famous plane, the Spirit of St. Louis on the Gugenheim tour, a cross-country commercial aviation promotion tour. In 1929 Phoebe Omlie set an altitude record above the airport in a Velie Monocoupe, the only plane ever manufactured in Moline, which still hangs in the passenger terminal. In 1947 the Metropolitan Airport Authority of Rock Island County was formed after seven townships voted to establish it. In 1957 the first count of enplaning and deplaning passengers was made with a total of 59,701 recorded. The airport underwent major remodeling in 1961 and 1968, adding everything from baggage claim to a restaurant and boarding areas. The present airport terminal was completed in 1985, after studies showed that an addition to the 1954 structure would be more costly than an entirely new terminal. The shift to the new $11 million terminal allowed expansion of airline facilities; between 1979 and 1986, the number of airlines increased from two to seven.
Air Midwest, AirTran Airways, America West Airlines, American Airlines, Allegiant Air, Chicago Air, Midway Connection, Northwest Airlines, Ozark Air Lines, Pan American World Airways, Skyway Airlines, Trans World Airlines and United Airlines have flown to Quad Cities. At one time Mississippi Valley Airlines had its headquarters at the airport. In the early and mid-1990s turboprop equipment was common; Northwest Airlink and other airlines had Saab 340Bs. Carriers have replaced their turboprops with newer regional jets. Allegiant Air MD 80s fly to Orlando, Las Vegas, Clearwater, and Phoenix-Mesa. Beginning in June 2013 Delta Air Lines began flying the Airbus A319 to Atlanta, the first time Delta itself has flown to Quad City.
In 2001 the terminal underwent a major renovation and expansion: two new concourses, a larger baggage claim area, new restaurants and gift shops. The project doubled the size of the passenger terminal. The Philadelphia architectural firm DPK&A designed the new concourses.
A larger U.S. Customs and Border Protection Facility was opened in 2014 in a former air cargo building. The facility processes international passengers arriving on general aviation flights. It includes a processing room, an interview room, space for agricultural inspections, office space, and holding cells for passengers who are prohibited from entering the U.S. or who are being detained and transported by law enforcement. Phase two of the project will renovate the remainder of the building to create an international terminal should the airport establish direct international commercial flights. Gere-Dismer Architects of Rock Island designed the facility.
The airport set its passenger record in 2007 when 484,212 passengers boarded flights while 481,930 deplaned. The total beat the record of 911,522 set the previous year. In 2008 passenger numbers declined: 957,087 passengers enplaned or deplaned. Passenger count dropped to 763,416 in 2013.
Facilities and aircraft.
Quad City International Airport covers and has three runways:
The airfield at the Quad City International Airport can accommodate any type of aircraft in virtually any type of weather conditions with the long runways, ILS, and high-intensity lighting. Airport officials claim that the airport is possibly capable of handling the new Airbus A380. The airfield has gone through many changes over the past few years as well, including extending Taxiway Hotel. Also, Runway 5/23 has been expanded to a usable .
Runway 9/27, the longest runway, was rebuilt in 2011. The program included a temporary parallel runway (10/28) built during the project. Former 10/28 is now taxiway P. The new runway 9/27 has new pavement, new shoulder construction, taxiway additions, and a new glide-slope capture effect kit for runway 9. The cost totaled $34 million and was completed in late 2012 when the temporary runway was converted into a taxiway.
In 2010 the airport had 49,170 aircraft operations, an average of 135 per day: 51% general aviation, 35% air taxi, 13% scheduled commercial and 1% military. 87 aircraft were then based at this airport: 69% single-engine, 23% multi-engine, 8% jet and 1% helicopter.
The airport is designated international for having a port of entry customs service. A Foreign Trade Zone and U.S. Customs Office are located at the airport, enabling international inbound and outbound shipments. The Customs & Border Protection offices recently opened in the easternmost former cargo building. There are three cargo facilities for every available ramp and the airport has expansion capabilities. A number of air freight companies are located at the airport including BAX Global, DHL, and UPS Supply Chain Solutions.
Fixed base operators (FBO's) include: Elliott Aviation
Services.
The terminal features the full-service Air Host Restaurant. There is also a full-service bar, Paradies Gift Shop, shoe shine service, and post office boxes and a mail drop. An art gallery, featuring local and regional modern and contemporary art, is located near the security check point. There is also a visitor information center near baggage claim to provide passengers local tourism information and directions. Free wireless internet (Wi-Fi) is available throughout the airport.
Beyond the security checkpoint in between Concourses A & B, there is a snack bar, lounge, bar, and a Gevalia Kaffe Coffee Shop. Located on Concourse B is a CNBC News and Gift Shop, along with a chair massage stand. Destination Points, a frequent flyer lounge, is available for members only. There are also several work stations that passengers may utilize to set out their computers or work, and recharge their electronics.
There are two hotels on the airport property across the parking lot from the terminal. A three-story Hampton Inn & Suites opened in 2006 and a four-story Holiday Inn Express in 2014. In an effort to decrease the number of people circling the airport proper waiting to pick up arriving passengers a cell phone waiting area was created in 2008 adjacent to the airport's entrance road. A new consolidated rental car facility is currently being constructed and will open in the Summer or Fall 2014.
The airport boasts the regional headquarters for the Department of Homeland Security's Transportation Security Administration, whose offices are located on the second floor of the passenger terminal.
Airlines and destinations.
All passengers enter the airport at the main terminal and then proceed to either Concourse A (gates A1-A6) or Concourse B (gates B5, B7, B8, B8A, B9 – B11, B15, B17).

</doc>
<doc id="622258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622258" title="Carl J. Meade">
Carl J. Meade

Carl Joseph Meade (Colonel, USAF) (born November 16, 1950) is a former NASA astronaut.
Personal data.
Born November 16, 1950, at Chanute Air Force Base, Illinois. Married. Two sons. He enjoys woodworking, home-built aircraft construction, racquetball, jogging, and snow skiing. His father, Mr. John Meade, resides in Universal City, Texas. His mother, Mrs. Esther J. Meade, is deceased.
He graduated in 1968 from Randolph High School, on Randolph Air Force Base, in Texas. In 1973 he received a bachelor of science degree (with honors) in electronics engineering from The University of Texas and in 1975 completed a master of science degree in electronics engineering from California Institute of Technology. He currently works for Northrop Grumman Integrated Systems as an engineering manager on the Crew Exploration Vehicle project.
Experience.
Prior to entering active duty in the United States Air Force, Meade was a Hughes Fellow at the California Institute of Technology and an electronics design engineer at Hughes Aircraft Company in Culver City, California. He entered the U.S. Air Force at Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas, where he was a distinguished graduate of Undergraduate Pilot Training. In 1977, Meade was assigned to the 363rd Tactical Reconnaissance Wing at Shaw Air Force Base, South Carolina, where he flew the RF-4C. He was then selected as a member of the USAF Test Pilot School Class 80B. Upon graduation he received the Liethen-Tittle Award as the Outstanding Test Pilot and was assigned to the 6510th Test Wing at Edwards Air Force Base, California. While there, Meade was involved with research development test and evaluation of the F-5E, RF-5E and F-20 aircraft and the ground-launched and air-launched cruise missiles. He also performed high speed taxi, braking, tailhook, takeoff, landing, flying qualities, performance and weapon systems tests in the F-4E aircraft. Meade was then assigned to the F-16 Combined Test Force where he flew performance, loads and flutter, flying qualities, and weapon systems tests in both the F-16A and F-16C aircraft. In 1985, he was reassigned to the USAF Test Pilot School as a test pilot instructor in the F-4, A-7 Corsair II, A-37, and various gliders, teaching performance, stability/control, departure/spins, and radar flight test techniques. He was also the departure/spin lead instructor and avionics systems test training aircraft program manager.
He has logged over 4,800 hours of jet time in 27 different aircraft.
NASA experience.
Selected by NASA in June 1985, Meade became an astronaut in July 1986. He has held a variety of technical assignments including verification testing of flight software in the Shuttle Avionics Integration Laboratory (SAIL), crew escape flight tests, Orbiter ground egress tests and launch support duties, both at the Kennedy Space Center and at the Vandenberg Launch Site. Prior to STS-38 and after STS-50, Meade was the Astronaut Office representative to the Solid Rocket Booster Program and the Space Shuttle Main Engine Program at the Marshall Space Flight Center. He also served as a spacecraft communicator (CAPCOM) in Mission Control and the lead astronaut for Rendezvous and Docking Operations during the two years following STS-50.
A veteran of three space flights, Meade has logged over 712 hours in space. He served as a mission specialist on STS-38 in 1990, STS-50 in 1992, and STS-64 in 1994.
STS-38 launched at night from the Kennedy Space Center, Florida, on November 15, 1990. Meade conducted Department of Defense operations during this five-day flight which concluded after 80 orbits of the Earth in 117 hours, 54 minutes, 28 seconds. In the first Shuttle recovery in Florida since 1985, Space Shuttle "Atlantis" and her five-man crew landed back at the Kennedy Space Center on November 20, 1990.
STS-50, carrying the first United States Microgravity Laboratory (USML), launched from the Kennedy Space Center, Florida, on June 25, 1992. USML is a series of Spacelab flights dedicated to basic scientific research in the fields of fluid physics, combustion science, solid state physics, and biotechnology. This flight was also the first to utilize the Extended Duration Orbiter capabilities of the newly modified Orbiter "Columbia". Mission duration was 331 hours, 30 minutes, 4 seconds. After 221 orbits of the Earth, the crew of "Columbia" landed at the Kennedy Space Center on July 9, 1992, thus ending the longest flight in the history of the Space Shuttle Program.
Most recently, Meade flew on STS-64 (September 9–20, 1994) aboard the Space Shuttle "Discovery". The mission highlight occurred when Meade performed the first untethered spacewalk in 10 years. The objective was to flight test a self-rescue jetpack. Meade logged 6.9 hours outside "Discovery" and 3.6 hours piloting the jetpack. Other activities included the first use of lasers for environmental research, deployment and retrieval of a solar science satellite, and the performance of plume characterization studies of the reaction control thruster exhaust. Mission duration was 10 days, 22 hours, 51 minutes.
Meade has served as the Deputy Division Chief of the Crew and Thermal Systems Division and as the Chief of the Flight Support Branch of the Astronaut Office. In March 1996, Meade left NASA and the military to join the Lockheed Skunk Works as the Deputy Project Manager for the X-33 vehicle.
Special honors.
Source: [http://www.jsc.nasa.gov/Bios/htmlbios/meade.html]

</doc>
<doc id="622260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622260" title="Babycham">
Babycham

Babycham is the trade name of a light, sparkling perry invented by Francis Showering, a brewer in Shepton Mallet in Somerset, England; the name is now owned by Accolade Wines. The brand was particularly popular during the 1960s and 1970s.
History.
Launched in the United Kingdom in 1953, It was the first alcoholic product to be advertised on British commercial television, the campaign being launched in 1957, with the drink originally marketed as a "genuine champagne perry".
In 1965, the Babycham Company sued the food writer, Raymond Postgate, founder of the Good Food Guide, for an article in Holiday magazine in which he warned readers against Babycham, which "looks like champagne and is served in champagne glasses is made of pears". The company sued for libel, claiming the article implied it was dishonestly passing off Babycham as champagne. The judge in his summing up stated that the article was defamatory, but that the jury could consider it as "fair comment" rather than a factual statement. Postgate was acquitted, and awarded costs.
In 1978, the Babycham company was sued by French Champagne producers for abuse of their trade name. The case (H P Bulmer Ltd v J Bollinger SA RPC 79) hinged on the fact that Babycham had been described in advertising as ‘champagne perry’ or ‘champagne cider’. Champagne producers were litigating to protect their goodwill but because there would not actually be confusion, they were unsuccessful.
The brand's appeal waned with the rise of cheaply available alternatives and a tightening up of the regulations governing alcohol advertising on television. 1996 saw a major relaunch of the brand and the reintroduction of the fawn mascot, a giant model of which can be seen outside the Shepton Mallet factory where the drink is produced. 1997 saw the reintroduction of Babycham Babe beauty contests that had been popular in the 1960s. The iconic 'Babycham' logo was designed and created by John Emperor of CDP (Collett Dickenson Pearce) who were a well known advertising company in London.
In the 2000s.
In the first decade of the 21st century, the Babycham brand gained popularity outside the alcoholic beverage industry through authorized clothing and apparel featuring the fawn trademark and colourful, characteristically playful designs.
During 2011 sales were reported to be increasing, with approximately 15 million bottles sold each year.
In 2013 a trademark dispute between Accolade Wines and the Cath Kidston home furnishings company was taken to the High Court.

</doc>
<doc id="622266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622266" title="Lana">
Lana

Lana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="622269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622269" title="Bruce E. Melnick">
Bruce E. Melnick

Bruce Edward Melnick (born December 5, 1949) is a former American astronaut and retired United States Coast Guard officer. Following retirement from NASA and the Coast Guard, he entered the aerospace industry. He served as a Vice President with the Boeing Co.'s Integrated Defense Systems group, in charge of Boeing's Florida operations at the John F. Kennedy Space Center (KSC). Melnick retired in 2008 and currently resides on Merritt Island, Florida.
Melnick graduated from Clearwater High School, Clearwater, Florida, in 1967. He then went on to receive a bachelor's degree in engineering with honors from the United States Coast Guard Academy, and a master’s degree in aeronautical systems from the University of West Florida. He was awarded an honorary doctorate of science degree from the University of West Florida on 28 April 2001.
Coast Guard career.
Melnick spent 20 years in the United States Coast Guard, rising to the rank of Commander. His assignments included serving as operations officer and chief test pilot at the Coast Guard Aircraft Program Office in Grand Prairie, Texas. In that capacity, he conducted most of the developmental and all of the acceptance test flights for the HH-65 Dolphin helicopter, including sea trials, and wrote the HH-65 flight manual.
During his Coast Guard service, Melnick received numerous awards, including two Defense Distinguished Service Medals, two Distinguished Flying Crosses and the Secretary of Transportation Heroism Award.
In 1992, he received the U.S. Coast Guard Academy Distinguished Alumni Award. He logged over 5,000 hours flying time, predominantly in the HH-3F Pelican, HH-52 Sea Guard, HH-65 Dolphin, and T-38 Talon aircraft.
Melnick was selected by NASA in 1987 and became an astronaut in August 1988 with the missions STS-41 and STS-49. He was the first Coast Guard aviator to participate in the space program, and was the first Coast Guard aviator into space.
Commander Melnick retired from the U.S. Coast Guard and left NASA in July 1992.
Aerospace-industry career.
Currently, Bruce Melnick is the Vice President for Boeing Florida Operations at the John F. Kennedy Space Center (KSC). Melnick’s organization, a part of the Boeing Integrated Defense Systems group, provides a variety of support services to Boeing programs in the state. Headquartered in Titusville, Florida, the organization has approximately 2,400 employees. Services provided by Boeing in Florida include engineering, facilities and maintenance support to NASA and the Department of Defense for the Space Shuttle, International Space Station and Delta rocket programs. Melnick is also responsible for the pursuit of new business for the company in Florida.
Melnick was formerly the Boeing Company Vice President at KSC for the Payload Ground Operations Contract with NASA, with 1,600 employees. The contract included all the engineering and facilities support and maintenance activities related to preparing spacecraft and/or payloads for the Space Shuttle missions prior to launch and after landing. The division also provided support to NASA and its contractors for the International Space Station hardware.
Prior to joining Boeing (McDonnell Douglas at the time), Melnick was Vice President/Director for Shuttle Engineering at United Space Alliance, formerly Lockheed Martin Space Operations, from 1994 to 1996. From 1992 to 1994, he was Director of Process Improvement Technology at Lockheed Space Operations Company.
Affiliations.
Memberships:
Board of Directors:
Board of Governors:
Brevard Community College Foundation
Board of Advisors:

</doc>
<doc id="622271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622271" title="Choline acetyltransferase">
Choline acetyltransferase

Choline acetyltransferase (commonly abbreviated as ChAT, but sometimes CAT) is a transferase enzyme responsible for the synthesis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. ChAT catalyzes the transfer of an acetyl group from the coenzyme, acetyl-CoA, to choline yielding acetylcholine (ACh). ChAT is found in high concentration in cholinergic neurons, both in the central nervous system (CNS) and peripheral nervous system (PNS). As with all nerve terminal proteins, ChAT is produced in the body of the neuron and is transported to the nerve terminal, where its concentration is highest. Presence of ChAT in a nerve cell classifies this cell as a “cholinergic” neuron. In humans, the choline acetyltransferase enyzme is encoded by the "CHAT" gene.
History & Discovery.
Choline acetyltransferase was first described by David Nachmansohn and A. L. Machado in 1943. A German biochemist, Nachmansohn had been studying the process of nerve impulse conduction and utilization of energy-yielding chemical reactions in cells, expanding upon the works of Nobel laureates Otto Warburg and Otto Meyerhof on fermentation, glycolysis, and muscle contraction. Based on prior research showing that "acetylcholine’s actions on structural proteins" were responsible for nerve impulses, Nachmansohn and Machado investigated the origin of acetylcholine.
The acetyl transferase mode of action was unknown at the time of this discovery, however Nachmansohn hypothesized the possibility of acetylphosphate or phosphorylcholine exchanging the phosphate (from ATP) for choline or acetate ion. It was not until 1945 that Coenzyme A (CoA) was discovered simultaneously and independently by three laboratories, Nachmansohn's being one of these. Subsequently acetyl-CoA, at the time called “active acetate,” was discovered in 1951. The 3D structure of rat-derived ChAT was not solved until nearly 60 years later, in 2004.
Structure.
The 3D structure of ChAT has been solved by X-ray crystallography . Choline is bound in the active site of ChAT by non-covalent interactions between the positively charged amine of choline and the hydroxyl group of Tyr552, in addition to a hydrogen bond between choline's hydroxyl group and a histidine residue, His324.
The choline substrate fits into a pocket in the interior of ChAT, while acetyl-CoA fits into a pocket on the surface of the protein. The 3D crystal structure shows the acetyl group of acetyl-CoA abuts the choline binding pocket – minimizing the distance between acetyl-group donor and receiver.
Homology.
ChAT is very conserved across the animal genome. Among mammals, in particular, there is very high sequence similarity. Human and cat ("Felis catus") ChAT, for example, have 89% sequence identity.
Sequence identity with "Drosophila" is about 30%.
Forms of ChAT.
There are two forms of ChAT: Soluble form& membrane-bound form. The soluble form accounts for 80-90% of the total enzyme activity while the membrane-bound form is responsible for the rest of 10-20% activity. However, there has long been a debate on how the latter form of ChAT is bound to the membrane. Some researchers claim that the membrane-bound form of ChAT is associated with synaptic vesicle while the others argue the opposite.
Common and Peripheral Isoforms of ChAT.
There exist two isoforms of ChAT, both encoded by the same sequence. The common type ChAT (cChAT) is present in both the CNS and PNS. Peripheral type ChAT (pChAT) is preferentially expressed in the PNS in humans, and arises from exon skipping (exons 6-9) during post-transcriptional modification. Therefore, the amino acid sequence is very similar, however pChAT is missing parts of the sequence present in cChAT. The pChAT isoform was discovered in 2000 based on observations that brain-derived ChAT antibodies failed to stain peripheral cholinergic neurons as they do for those found in the brain. This gene splicing mechanism which leads to cChAT and pChAT differences has been observed in various species, including both vertebrate mammals and invertebrate mollusks, suggesting this mechanism leads to some yet-unidentified evolutionary advantage.
Function.
Cholinergic systems are implicated in numerous neurologic functions. Alteration in some cholinergic neurons may account for the disturbances of Alzheimer disease. The protein encoded by this gene synthesizes the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. Acetylcholine acts at two classes of receptors in the central nervous system – muscarinic and nicotinic – which are each implicated in different physiological responses. The role of acetylcholine at the nicotinic receptor is still under investigation. It is likely implicated in the reward/reinforcement pathways, as indicated by the addictive nature of nicotine, which also binds to the nicotinic receptor. The muscarinic action of acetylcholine in the CNS is implicated in learning and memory. The loss of cholinergic innervation in the neocortex has been associated with memory loss, as is evidenced in advanced cases of Alzheimer’s disease. In the peripheral nervous system, cholinergic neurons are implicated in the control of visceral functions such as, but not limited to, cardiac muscle contraction and gastrointestinal tract function.
It is often used as an immunohistochemical marker for motor neurons (motoneurons).
Mutations.
Mutants of ChAT have been isolated in several species, including "C. elegans", "Drosophila", and humans. Most non-lethal mutants that have a non-wild type phonetype exhibit some activity, but significantly less than wild type.
In "C. elegans", several mutations in ChAT have been traced to the cha-1 gene. All mutations result in a significant drop in ChAT activity. Percent activity loss can be greater than 98% in some cases. Phenotypic effects include slowed growth, decreased size, uncoordinated behavior, and lack of sensitivity toward cholinesterase inhibitors. Isolated temperature-sensitive mutants in "Drosophila" have all been lethal. Prior to death, affected flies show a change in behavior, including uncontrolled movements and a change in electroretinogram activity.
The human gene responsible for encoding ChAT is CHAT. Mutations in CHAT have been linked to congenital myasthenic syndrome, a disease which leads to general motor function deficiency and weakness. Further symptoms include fatal apnea. Out of ten isolated mutants, 1 has been shown to lack activity completely, 8 have been shown to have significantly decreased activity, and 1 has an unknown function.
ChAT and Diseases.
Alzheimer's Disease.
The Alzheimer's disease(AD) involves difficulty in memory and cognition. The concentrations of acetylcholine and ChAT are remarkably reduced in the cerebral neocortex and hippocampus. Although the cellular loss and dysfunction of the cholinergic neurones is considered a contributor to Alzheimer disease, it is generally not considered as a primary factor in the development of this disease. It is proposed that the aggregation and deposition of the Beta amyloid protein, interferes the metabolism of neurones and further damages the cholinergic axons in the cortex and cholinergic neurones in the basal forebrain.
Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
The amyotrophic lateral sclerosis(ALS) is one of the most common motor neuron diseases. A significant loss of ChAT immunoreactivity is found in ALS. It is hypothesized that the cholinergic function is involved in an uncontrolled increase of intracellular calcium concentration whose reason still remains unclear.
Drugs.
Neostigmine methylsulfate, an anticholinesterase agent, has been used to target ChAT. In particular, use of neostigmine methylsulfate has been shown to have positive effects against congenital myasthenic syndrome.
Exposure to estradiol has been shown to increase ChAT in female rats.

</doc>
<doc id="622273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622273" title="Edrophonium">
Edrophonium

Edrophonium is a readily reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. It prevents breakdown of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and acts by competitively inhibiting the enzyme acetylcholinesterase, mainly at the neuromuscular junction. It is sold under the trade names Tensilon and Enlon (according to FDA Orange Book).
Clinical uses.
Edrophonium (by the so-called Tensilon test) is used to differentiate myasthenia gravis from cholinergic crisis and Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome. In myasthenia gravis, the body produces autoantibodies which block, inhibit or destroy Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in the neuromuscular junction. Edrophonium—an effective acetylcholinesterase inhibitor—will reduce the muscle weakness by blocking the enzymatic effect of acetylcholinesterase enzymes, prolonging the presence of acetylcholine in the synaptic cleft. It binds to a Serine-103 allosteric site, while pyridostigmine and neostigmine bind to the AchE active site for their inhibitory effects. In a cholinergic crisis, where a person has too much neuromuscular stimulation, edrophonium will make the muscle weakness worse by inducing a depolarizing block. Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome (LEMS), is similar to myasthenia gravis in that it is an autoimmune disease. However, in LEMS the neuron is unable to release enough acetylcholine for normal muscle function due to autoantibodies attacking P/Q-type calcium channel that are necessary for acetylcholine release. This means there is insufficient calcium ion influx into presynaptic terminal resulting in reduced exocytosis of acetylcholine containing vesicles. Consequently, there will typically be not as much increase in muscle strength observed after edrophonium injection, if any with LEMS.
The drug may also be used for postoperative decurarization.
Chemistry.
Edrophonium, ethyl-(3-hydroxyphenyl)dimethylammonium chloride, is made by reacting 3-dimethylaminophenol with ethyl bromide, which forms ethyl(3-hydroxyphenyl)dimethylammonium bromide, the bromine atom of which is replaced with a chlorine atom by reacting it with silver chloride, giving edrophonium.
Pharmacokinetics.
The drug has a brief duration of action, about 10–30 mins.

</doc>
<doc id="622275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622275" title="Syntactic pivot">
Syntactic pivot

The syntactic pivot is the verb argument around which sentences "revolve", in a given language. This usually means the following:
The first two characteristics have to do with simple morphosyntax, and from them it is quite obvious the syntactic pivot in English (and most other European languages) is what we call the subject. An English verb cannot lack a subject (even in the imperative mood, the subject is implied to be "you" and is not ambiguous or unspecified), and cannot have just a direct object and no subject; and (at least in the present tense, and for the verb "to be") it agrees partially with the subject.
The third point deserves an explanation. Consider the following sentence:
There are two coordinated propositions, and the second proposition lacks an explicit subject, but since the subject is the syntactic pivot, then the second proposition is assumed to have the same subject as the first one. One cannot do this with a direct object (in English). The result would be either ungrammatical or with a different meaning:
The syntactic pivot is a feature of the morphosyntactic alignment of the language. In nominative–accusative languages the syntactic pivot is the so-called "subject" (the argument marked with the nominative case). In ergative–absolutive languages the syntactic pivot may be the argument marked with the absolutive case, but this is not always so, since ergative languages are often not "pure" and show a mixed behaviour (e. g. ergative morphology and accusative syntax).
Languages with a passive voice construction may resort to it in order to allow the default syntactic pivot to shift its semantic role (from agent to patient) in a coordinated proposition:

</doc>
<doc id="622276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622276" title="Leo Anton Karl de Ball">
Leo Anton Karl de Ball

Leo Anton Karl de Ball (November 23, 1853 – December 12, 1916) was a German-Austrian astronomer. He is credited by the Minor Planet Center as "K. de Ball" for his (sole) asteroid discovery, but seems to be best known as Leo de Ball.
He was born at Lobberich in the Rhineland, in Germany. He studied in Bonn and Berlin, receiving his doctorate in 1877. He worked at observatories in Gotha and at Bothkamp, discovering the asteroid 230 Athamantis at the latter in 1882. He then worked at Ougrée Observatory in Ougrée, Belgium, where he analyzed the mass of Saturn and worked on celestial mechanics and measurements of parallax and of double stars.
From 1891 until his death in 1916 he was director of the Kuffner observatory in Vienna. Among other things, he measured the parallax of a number of stars and compiled data for a star catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="622277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622277" title="Michael J. Massimino">
Michael J. Massimino

Michael James "Mike" Massimino (born August 19, 1962) is an American engineer and a NASA astronaut. Massimino is a veteran of two Space Shuttle missions, both of which serviced the Hubble Space Telescope (HST), including the historic final repair mission.
Personal life.
Massimino was born August 19, 1962 in Oceanside, New York. His hometown is Franklin Square, New York. He is married. He enjoys baseball, family activities, home improvement projects, camping, and coaching kids' sports.
Education.
Massimino graduated from H. Frank Carey Junior-Senior High School in Franklin Square, New York in 1980. He went on to attend Columbia University, graduating with a Bachelor of Science in industrial engineering in 1984. He then attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, graduating with a Master of Science in mechanical engineering and a Master of Science in technology and public policy in 1988. He continued his education at MIT, earning a Degree of Mechanical Engineer in 1990 and a Doctor of Philosophy in mechanical engineering in 1992.
Experience.
Upon completing his B.S. degree from Columbia, Massimino worked for IBM as a systems engineer in New York City from 1984 until 1986. In 1986 he entered graduate school at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he conducted research on human operator control of space robotics systems in the MIT Mechanical Engineering Department's Human-machine systems Laboratory. His work resulted in the awarding of two patents. While a student at MIT he worked during the Summer of 1987 as a general engineer at NASA Headquarters in the Office of Aeronautics and Space Technology, during the summers of 1988 and 1989 as a research fellow in the Man-Systems Integration Branch at the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center, and during the summer of 1990 as a visiting research engineer at the German Aerospace Center (DLR) in Oberpfaffenhofen, Germany. After graduating from MIT in 1992, Massimino worked at McDonnell Douglas Aerospace in Houston, Texas as a research engineer where he developed laptop computer displays to assist operators of the Space Shuttle remote manipulator system. These displays included the Manipulator Position Display, which was evaluated on STS-69. From 1992 to 1995 he was also an adjunct assistant professor in the Mechanical Engineering & Material Sciences Department at Rice University, where he taught feedback control of mechanical systems. In September 1995, Massimino joined the faculty of the Georgia Institute of Technology as an assistant professor in the School of Industrial and Systems Engineering. At Georgia Tech he taught human-machine systems engineering classes and conducted research on human-machine interfaces for space and aircraft systems in the Center for Human-Machine Systems Research, and is currently an Adjunct Assistant Professor at Georgia Tech. He has published papers in technical journals and in the proceedings of technical conferences. In 2011, Massimino co-hosted season three of National Geographic Channel's "Known Universe" documentary series along with Sigrid Close, Andy Howell, David E. Kaplan, and Steve Jacobs.
NASA career.
Selected as an astronaut candidate by NASA in May 1996, Massimino reported to the Johnson Space Center in August 1996. He completed two years of initial training and evaluation and qualified for flight assignment as a mission specialist. Prior to his first space flight assignment, Massimino served in the Astronaut Office Robotics Branch, and in the Astronaut Office Extravehicular Activity (EVA) Branch. He has served as a CAPCOM (spacecraft communicator) in Mission Control and performed other technical tasks in the Astronaut Office CAPCOM Branch. Currently he is on loan from the Johnson Space Center and serves as a visiting professor at Columbia University teaching a course on human spaceflight.
Spaceflight experience.
STS-109 "Columbia" (March 1–12, 2002). STS-109 was the fourth Hubble Space Telescope (HST) servicing mission. The crew of STS-109 successfully upgraded the Hubble Space Telescope leaving it with a new power unit, a new camera (the Advanced Camera for Surveys), and new solar arrays. STS-109 set a record for spacewalk time with 35 hours and 55 minutes during 5 spacewalks. Massimino performed two spacewalks totaling 14 hours and 46 minutes. STS-109 orbited the Earth 165 times, and covered 4.5 million statute miles in over 262 hours and 10 minutes.
STS-125 "Atlantis" (May 11–24, 2009) was the final Hubble servicing mission by the Space Shuttle. Atlantis landed in California after stormy weather prevented the shuttle from landing at NASA's home base in Florida as previously planned. During the mission Massimino became the first person to use Twitter in space. Rather than using the service directly while on-orbit, however, Massimino composed his messages and shared them with Mission Control which then posted the messages via the Internet to Twitter. Massimino's public updates about his training for the STS-125 mission began April 3, 2009 and he remains active on the service as of July 2011.
Filmography.
In the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory", Michael Massimino appears in several episodes as a guest star, as a fictionalised version of himself.

</doc>
<doc id="622278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622278" title="Nicotine polacrilex">
Nicotine polacrilex

Nicotine Polacrilex is nicotine bound to an ion-exchange resin (polymethacrilic acid, such as Amberlite IRP64 or Purolite C115HMR...). It is added to gums and hard lozenges used for nicotine replacement therapy in smoking cessation. The use of the polymer as a delivery system maximizes the amount of nicotine released and absorbed by the oral mucosa. 80 to 90 percent of the nicotine released from the gum is absorbed by the mouth. Side effects of the gum include bad taste, nausea, dyspepsia, and stomatitis.

</doc>
<doc id="622281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622281" title="Richard Mastracchio">
Richard Mastracchio

Richard Alan "Rick" Mastracchio (born February 11, 1960) is an American engineer and a NASA astronaut. He has flown on three NASA Space Shuttle missions as a mission specialist. Mastracchio is currently assigned as the Flight Engineer on the Soyuz TMA-11M/Expedition 38/Expedition 39 long duration spaceflight scheduled for 2013-2014.
Personal.
Richard Mastracchio was born in Waterbury, Connecticut and graduated from Crosby High School in 1978. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering/computer science from the University of Connecticut in 1982, a Master of Science degree in electrical engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1987, and a Master of Science degree in physical science from the University of Houston–Clear Lake in 1991. 
He is a member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Engineering career.
Mastracchio worked for Hamilton Standard in Connecticut as an engineer in the system design group from 1982 until 1987. During that time, he participated in the development of high performance, inertial measurement units and flight control computers.
NASA career.
In 1987, Mastracchio moved to Houston, Texas, to work for the Rockwell Shuttle Operations Company at the Johnson Space Center. In 1990, he joined NASA as an engineer in the Flight Crew Operations Directorate. His duties included the development of space shuttle flight software requirements, the verification of space shuttle flight software in the Shuttle Avionics Integration Laboratory, and the development of ascent and abort crew procedures for the Astronaut Office.
From 1993 until 1996, he worked as an ascent/entry Guidance and Procedures Officer (GPO) in Mission Control. An ascent/entry GPO has both pre-mission and real time Space Shuttle support responsibilities in the areas of onboard guidance, navigation, and targeting. During that time, he supported seventeen missions as a flight controller.
In April 1996, Mastracchio was selected as an Astronaut Candidate and started training in August 1996. Having completed two years of training and evaluation, he is qualified for flight assignment as a mission specialist. Mastracchio has worked technical issues for the Astronaut Office Computer Support Branch, for Space Station Operations, and the EVA Branch. He next served as lead for cockpit avionics upgrades.
Mastracchio flew as a mission specialist on STS-106. His next mission was STS-118 in August 2007, followed by STS-131 on April 2010. He has logged over 283 hours in space.
Mastracchio was a flight engineer with Expedition 39 and was one of the astronauts repairing the malfunctioning main cooling system during the mission. He returned to Earth on May 13, 2014.
Spaceflight experience.
STS-106 Atlantis (September 8-20, 2000). During the 12-day mission, the crew prepared the International Space Station for the arrival of the first permanent crew. The five astronauts and two cosmonauts delivered more than 6,600 pounds of supplies and installed batteries, power converters, a toilet and a treadmill. Two crewmembers performed a space walk to connect power, data and communications cables between the newly arrived Zvezda Service Module and the other station modules. Mastracchio was the ascent/entry flight engineer, the primary robotic arm operator, and responsible for the transfer of items from the Space Shuttle to the Space Station. STS-106 orbited the Earth 185 times, and covered 4.9 million miles in 11 days, 19 hours, and 10 minutes.
STS-118 (August 8-21, 2007) was the 119th space shuttle flight, the 22nd flight to the station, and the 20th flight for Endeavour. During the mission Endeavour's crew successfully added another truss segment, a new gyroscope and external spare parts platform to the International Space Station. Mastracchio was the ascent/entry flight engineer and participated in three of the four spacewalks. Traveling 5.3 million miles in space, the STS-118 mission was completed in 12 days, 17 hours, 55 minutes and 34 seconds.
STS-131 Discovery (April 5-20, 2010), a resupply mission to the International Space Station, was launched at night from the Kennedy Space Center. On arrival at the station, Discovery’s crew dropped off more than 27,000 pounds of hardware, supplies and equipment, including a tank full of ammonia coolant, new crew sleeping quarters, and three experiment racks. As the EVA lead, Mastracchio performed three spacewalks during this mission and logged 20 hours and 17 minutes of evtravehicular activity. On the return journey, the Leonardo Multi-Purpose Logistics Module inside Discovery’s payload bay was packed with over 6,000 pounds of hardware, science results, and trash. The STS-131 mission was accomplished in 15 days, 02 hours, 47 minutes, 10 seconds, and traveled 6,232,235 statute miles in 238 orbits.

</doc>
<doc id="622283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622283" title="George Townshend, 1st Marquess Townshend">
George Townshend, 1st Marquess Townshend

Field Marshal George Townshend, 1st Marquess Townshend, PC (28 February 1724 – 14 September 1807), known as The Viscount Townshend from 1764 to 1787, was a British soldier and politician. After serving at the Battle of Dettingen during the War of the Austrian Succession and the Battle of Culloden during the Jacobite Rising, Townshend took command of the British forces for the closing stages of the Battle of the Plains of Abraham during the Seven Years' War. He went on to be Lord Lieutenant of Ireland where he introduced measures aimed at increasing the size of Irish regiments, reducing corruption in Ireland and improving the Irish economy. He also served as Master-General of the Ordnance first in the North Ministry and then in the Fox–North Coalition.
Military career.
Early years.
Born the son of Charles Townshend, 3rd Viscount Townshend and Audrey Ethelreda Townshend (née Harrison), Townshend was educated at Eton College and St John's College, Cambridge. He joined the army as a volunteer in Summer 1743 and first saw action at the Battle of Dettingen in June 1743 during the War of the Austrian Succession. He became a captain in the 7th Regiment of Dragoons in April 1745. He fought at the Battle of Culloden in April 1746 during the Jacobite Rising, and having been appointed an aide-de-Camp to the Duke of Cumberland and having transferred to the 20th Regiment of Foot in February 1747, he took part in the Battle of Lauffeld in July 1747 during the later stages of the War of the Austrian Succession.
While serving in Belgium Townshend was elected Member of Parliament for Norfolk unopposed in 1747. He became a captain in the 1st Regiment of Footguards and lieutenant colonel in the Army on 25 February 1748. In 1751 he wrote a pamphlet which was deeply critical of Cumberland's military skills. Meanwhile in parliament he argued that courts martial rather than commanding officers should be responsible for discipline in the Army, pressed for a larger militia and smaller standing army and was personally responsible for ensuring the Militia Act of 1757 reached the statute book. Promoted to the rank of colonel on 6 May 1758, he became colonel of the 64th Regiment of Foot in June 1759.
Seven Years' War.
Townshend was given command of a brigade in Quebec under General James Wolfe; when the latter died on 13 September 1759, and his second-in-command (Robert Monckton) was wounded, Townshend took command of the British forces during Battle of the Plains of Abraham. He received Quebec City's surrender on 18 September 1759. However, he held General Wolfe in much contempt (drawing Wolfe in caricature he created Canada's first cartoon), and was harshly criticized upon his return to Great Britain for that reason (Wolfe was a popular hero throughout the country). Nevertheless he became colonel of the 28th Regiment of Foot in October 1759, was promoted to major general on 6 March 1761 and fought at the Battle of Villinghausen in July 1761. In May 1762 he took command of a division of the Anglo-Portuguese army, with the local rank of lieutenant-general, to protect Portugal during the Spanish invasion of Portugal.
Post-war.
Townshend became Lieutenant-General of the Ordnance in the Grenville Ministry in March 1763 and succeeded his father as Viscount Townshend in March 1764. He went on to be Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in the Chatham Ministry in August 1767 and introduced measures aimed at increasing the size of Irish regiments, reducing corruption in Ireland and improving the Irish economy. After the Parliament of Ireland rejected his money bill, Townshend prorogued parliament in November 1767 making himself very unpopular in Dublin. Promoted to the substantive rank of lieutenant general on 30 April 1770, he was replaced as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in September 1772.
Townshend returned to office as Master-General of the Ordnance in the North Ministry in October 1772. In the aftermath of his unpopular tour in Ireland, he found himself fighting a duel with Charles Coote, 1st Earl of Bellomont, an Irish Peer, on 2 February 1773, badly wounding the Earl with a bullet in the groin. Townshend became colonel of the 2nd Dragoon Guards in July 1773.
In 1779 Richard Edwards, Governor of Newfoundland and Labrador, began work on Fort Townshend, a fortification in Newfoundland and Labrador, naming it after Lord Townshend. Townshend stood down as Master-General of the Ordnance in March 1782 when the Marquess of Rockingham came to power but, having been promoted to full general on 26 November 1782, was restored to the post of Master-General of the Ordnance in the Fox–North Coalition in April 1783. He retired from that office when William Pitt the Younger came to power in January 1784.
Created Marquess Townshend on 27 October 1787, Townshend became Lord Lieutenant of Norfolk in February 1792. He also became Governor of Kingston-upon-Hull in 1794 and Governor of the Royal Hospital Chelsea in July 1795. A peculiar tragedy befell Townshend in May 1796: his son, Lord Charles, had just been elected MP for Great Yarmouth, and he took a carriage to London with his brother, Rev. Lord Frederick, the Rector of Stiffkey. During the journey, Lord Frederick inexplicably killed his brother with a pistol shot to the head, and was ultimately adjuged insane. Promoted to field marshal on 30 July 1796, Townshend died at his family home, Raynham Hall in Norfolk on 14 September 1807 and was buried in the family vault there.
Family.
On 19 December 1751, Townshend had married Charlotte Compton, 15th Baroness Ferrers of Chartley (d. 1770), daughter of James Compton, 5th Earl of Northampton. They had eight children:
He married Anne Montgomery, the daughter of Sir William Montgomery, 1st Baronet on 19 May 1773. Anne was Mistress of the Robes to Caroline, Princess of Wales, from 1795 to 1820. They had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="622284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622284" title="Pilocarpine">
Pilocarpine

Pilocarpine is a drug used to treat dry mouth and glaucoma. It is a parasympathomimetic alkaloid obtained from the leaves of tropical American shrubs from the genus "Pilocarpus". It is a non-selective muscarinic receptor agonist in the parasympathetic nervous system, which acts therapeutically at the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor M3 due to its topical application, e.g., in glaucoma and xerostomia.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medication needed in a basic health system.
Medical uses.
Pilocarpine is used especially for dry mouth caused by radiation treatment or Sjogren syndrome. It has also been used in the treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma and acute angle-closure glaucoma for over 100 years. It acts on a subtype of muscarinic receptor (M3) found on the iris sphincter muscle, causing the muscle to contract -resulting in pupil contraction (miosis). Pilocarpine also acts on the ciliary muscle and causes it to contract. When the ciliary muscle contracts, it opens the trabecular meshwork through increased tension on the scleral spur. This action facilitates the rate that aqueous humor leaves the eye to decrease intraocular pressure.
In ophthalmology, pilocarpine is also used to reduce the possibility of glare at night from lights when the patient has undergone implantation of phakic intraocular lenses; the use of pilocarpine would reduce the size of the pupils, relieving these symptoms. The most common concentration for this use is pilocarpine 1%, the weakest concentration.
Pilocarpine is also used to treat dry mouth (xerostomia) which can occur, for example, as a side effect of radiation therapy for head and neck cancers, and in Sjögren's syndrome. Pilocarpine stimulates the secretion of large amounts of saliva and sweat.
Pilocarpine is used to stimulate sweat glands in a sweat test to measure the concentration of chloride and sodium that is excreted in sweat. It is used to diagnose cystic fibrosis.
Adverse effects.
Use of pilocarpine may result in a range of adverse effects, most of them related to its non-selective action as a muscarinic receptor agonist. Pilocarpine has been known to cause excessive sweating, excessive salivation, bronchospasm, increased bronchial mucus secretion, bradycardia, vasodilation, brow ache (when used as eye drops) and diarrhea. It can also result in miosis when used chronically as an eye drop. Systemic injection of pilocarpine can compromise the blood brain barrier allowing pilocarpine to gain access to the brain. This can lead to chronic epilepsy.
Epilepsy induced by pilocarpine has been used to develop animal models in rodents in order to study human epilepsy.
Preparation.
Plants in the genus "Pilocarpus" are the only known sources of Pilocarpine, and commercial production is derived entirely from the leaves of "Pilocarpus microphyllus" (Maranham Jaborandi). This genus grows only in South America, and Pilocarpus microphyllus is native to several states in northern Brazil.
Pilocarpine is extracted from the powdered leaf material in a multi-step process. First the material is treated with ethanol acidified with hydrochloric acid, and the solvents removed under reduced pressure. The resultant aqueous residue is neutralized with ammonia and put aside until the resin has completely settled. It is then filtered and concentrated by sugar solution to a small volume, made alkaline with ammonia, and finally extracted with chloroform. The solvent is removed under reduced pressure.
Scientific.
Pilocarpine is used to induce chronic epilepsy in rodents, commonly rats, as a means to study the disorder's physiology and to examine different treatments. Smaller doses may be used to induce salivation in order to collect samples of saliva, for instance, to obtain information about IgA antibodies.
Veterinary.
Pilocarpine is given in moderate doses (about 2 mg) to induce emesis in cats who have ingested foreign plants, foods, or drugs. One feline trial determined it was effective, even though the usual choice of emetic is xylazine.
Trade names.
Pilocarpine is available under several trade names such as: Diocarpine (Dioptic), Isopto Carpine (Alcon), Miocarpine (CIBA Vision), Ocusert Pilo-20 and -40 (Alza), Pilopine HS (Alcon), Salagen (MGI Pharma), Scheinpharm Pilocarpine (Schein Pharmaceutical), and Timpilo (Merck Frosst).

</doc>
<doc id="622285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622285" title="Pikmin 2">
Pikmin 2

Like its predecessor, "Pikmin 2" focuses on exploring the surface of an unknown planet from a microscopic perspective, where the player directs and delegates tasks to a horde of tiny plant-like creatures called Pikmin. The Pikmin can be directed to destroy obstacles, defeat enemies, and retrieve objects. "Pikmin 2" introduces many gameplay mechanics not seen in "Pikmin", including the ability to control two different leaders of the Pikmin at once and the addition of new Pikmin types.
"Pikmin 2" received critical acclaim, gaining aggregate scores of 89.60% and 90 on GameRankings and MetaCritic, respectively. Many critics praised the additions to the "Pikmin" gameplay, such as the removal of the 30-day time limit imposed in the original game. The game (and its predecessor) was ported to the Wii in 2009 as a New Play Control! title. The sequel to the game, "Pikmin 3", was released in 2013 for the Wii U console.
Gameplay.
"Pikmin 2" expands on the gameplay introduced in its predecessor, "Pikmin". The player controls both Captain Olimar and Louie from a third-person microscopic perspective in a mission to retrieve treasures (which consist of human waste such as scrap metal and broken toys) from the surface of an unknown planet (called the "distant planet"). The gameplay focuses on leading and directing a horde of plant-like creatures called Pikmin to accomplish this mission. The Pikmin follow behind Olimar and/or Louie as they move around the field. The player can quickly throw individual Pikmin at enemies and obstacles, where they automatically engage in combat, destroy obstacles, or build bridges. The player can also direct the entire mob (or a subdivision) to swarm and attack enemies en masse. Because the player controls two leaders simultaneously, the player can have the leaders separate with their own Pikmin hordes and accomplish numerous tasks in the field at once. While the player can amass a limitless number of Pikmin, only up to 100 Pikmin are allowed on the game field at any time.
Because Pikmin are small and weak, they can be easily killed by hazards or devoured by enemies when mis-directed or left unattended. The player can also only explore with his Pikmin during daylight, one day at a time— the player begins each day at sunrise and needs to finish all tasks and re-collect all stray Pikmin before sunset. Pikmin that are left behind at sunset are immediately lost to ferocious nocturnal predators. This mechanic is also a major feature in "Pikmin". Unlike "Pikmin" however, in which the player must complete the game in 30 game days, "Pikmin 2" gives the player an unlimited number of days.
The Pikmin themselves appear in five distinct colors, which indicates their strength or immunity to hazards. Red, Blue, and Yellow Pikmin, which originally appeared in "Pikmin", are resilient to fire, drowning, and electric hazards, respectively. Two new colors, Purple and White, are unique to "Pikmin 2". White Pikmin are swifter than the other types and can resist poisonous gases and will poison enemies if devoured, and can locate hidden treasures buried in the soil. Purple Pikmin, while not immune to any hazards, are slower but stronger than the others. Because of these differing characteristics, the player must choose the appropriate Pikmin that are best-suited to the task at hand. The stalk on a Pikmin's head, topped with either a leaf, bud, or flower, indicates the Pikmin's swiftness and strength, growing upon consumption of nectar harvested from various sources. More Pikmin can be bred when they carry pellets or enemy carcasses to their respective "Onion" motherships, where they can be safely stored and extracted. Purple and White Pikmin do not have their own Onions and are stored inside the Hocotate Ship. They also cannot breed; these Pikmin are created by throwing existing Pikmin into rare flowers. "Pikmin 2" also introduces a sixth Pikmin type, Bulbmin, which are resistant to all hazards but are in the player's possession only temporarily.
The player is able to explore four distinct locales on the distant planet, which vary in theme, enemies, and treasures found. He is also accompanied by the Hocotate Ship's artificial intelligence, which gives the player hints and input. When a treasure is found, the Pikmin must carry it back to the Hocotate Ship, where it will be placed into the ship's cargo hold and its worth calculated. In addition to exploring the surface of each locale, there are underground caves scattered throughout the landscape in which the player, his Pikmin horde, and the ship's AI can enter. Caves contain multiple treasures and enemies spread across multiple sub-levels. While inside a cave, time does not pass on the surface due to a time warp caused by a strong geomagnetic field, allowing the player to explore for an indefinite period of time before sunset. However, the Pikmin Onions do not follow, meaning that the player can only utilize the Pikmin brought with him. Caves are also home to larger, stronger enemies that serve as the game's bosses, which upon defeat often award treasures that bestow new abilities to the player characters. The player completes the game upon collection of all 201 treasures.
Additional modes.
In addition to the main single-player game mode, there is both a two-player competitive mode and an unlockable challenge mode. In the competitive game mode, Olimar and Louie are each controlled by a player. In a capture the flag style gameplay, the player's objective is to either retrieve four yellow marbles or claim the opponent's marble using his Pikmin. A player can launch attacks against the other's Pikmin in an effort to hinder his or her progress. When a player collects a cherry, an advantage is gained, such as gaining or changing Pikmin or launching larger, more potent attacks at the opponent.
The challenge mode is unlocked during the single-player game. One or two players can play this mode cooperatively. Each selectable level takes place in caves of varying depth. The objective is to locate a Key treasure, used to open access to the next sub-level, within the specified time limit. The player completes the level upon finding the exit out of the cave, and is scored based on the treasures collected, the number of Pikmin surviving upon exit, and the time taken to complete the level.
Plot.
After escaping the distant planet in the first game, Captain Olimar returns to his home planet Hocotate to learn that the company he works for, Hocotate Freight, is in severe debt, after a payload of golden carrots was supposedly stolen. Because of this debt, the company was forced to sell everything, including Olimar's ship. Shocked, Olimar drops the bottle cap that he brought back from the planet. The nearby Hocotate Ship determines that the bottle cap Olimar retrieved from the distant planet has a considerable value of 100 pokos. The company president, hearing this, decides to send Olimar and his co-worker Louie to seek out the planet where they quickly reunite with the Pikmin creatures, who help in scavenging the treasures, in order to pay off the debt. Upon doing so, Olimar departs for Hocotate but leaves Louie behind. Upon telling the president, he decides to help Olimar find Louie and claim any additional treasures still left undiscovered. Louie is later discovered and rescued from a deep cave. Upon collecting all the treasures, the trio depart the distant planet.
In an unlockable video, it is revealed that the golden carrot shipment mentioned at the game's beginning was not actually stolen, but in fact, consumed by Louie, who had been sent to deliver the freight but couldn't contain his hunger. Realizing his mistake, Louie turned back and fabricated a story of the cargo being stolen by space bunnies, thus setting in motion the events of the game.
Development.
In December 2002 a year following the release of "Pikmin", game designer Shigeru Miyamoto confirmed a sequel to be in development. "Pikmin 2" was directed both by Shigefumi Hino, who focused on the graphics design, and by Masamichi Abe, who focused on game design. Miyamoto and Takashi Tezuka worked as producers. Hajime Wakai composed the game soundtrack while Kazumi Totaka worked as the sound director; Totaka's Song is hidden in the game as an Easter egg. The 30-day time limit imposed in the original "Pikmin" was removed in order to allow players to explore the game world at a leisurely pace, which in turn increased the overall length of the game. Cooperative two-player gameplay within the main single player game was experimented, but it was found that it imposed limits on the overall game design. Multiplayer was thus relegated to a separate game mode. "Pikmin 2" was first released in Japan on April 29, 2004 and then in North America, Europe, and Australasia later in the year. Nintendo e-Reader cards compatible with "Pikmin 2" were released only in Japan, which contained additional minigames.
Sequel and re-release.
In 2009 both "Pikmin" and "Pikmin 2" were re-released for the Wii as part of the New Play Control! series, a selection of ported Nintendo GameCube games with updated Wii Remote controls. Although "New Play Control! Pikmin 2" was released in Japan, Europe, and Australia that year, it was not confirmed for a North American release until three years later in the June 2012 issue of "Nintendo Power" and was later confirmed for a June 2012 release. "Pikmin 2" re-released in North America for the Wii as a Nintendo Selects game along with the Nintendo Selects re-release of "Mario Power Tennis".
In a developer round table discussion at E3 2008, a new "Pikmin" title was confirmed to be in development for Wii. At E3 2011, Miyamoto announced that development of the "Pikmin" game shifted from the Wii to its successor, the Wii U. At E3 2012, "Pikmin 3" was formally announced and demonstrated in playable form; the game was later released in Summer of 2013.
Reception.
"Pikmin 2" garnered critical acclaim, gaining an aggregate score of 89.44% on GameRankings based on 58 reviews, and an aggregate score of 90 on Metacritic based on 54 reviews. The February 2006 issue of "Nintendo Power" rated the game as the 47th best game made on a Nintendo System in its Top 200 Games list, and was also rated 29th on "Official Nintendo Magazine"s 100 greatest Nintendo games of all time. "GamePro" labeled it one of the top five GameCube games. It is among the GameCube's top 20 rare games.
Many critics considered the title to be superior to its predecessor "Pikmin", expressing that "Pikmin 2" addressed many problems or issues seen in the original game. The removal of the 30-day time limit originally used was applauded by many critics for increasing the game's longevity, though Nintendo World Report had mixed opinions, feeling that the lack of urgency might encourage players to be "lazy." The addition of a separate multiplayer mode was praised, though the lack of LAN online-play was a disappointment to some.
"Pikmin 2"s strategic and puzzle-oriented gameplay was praised by many. The artificial intelligence of the Pikmin was noted by GameSpot as improved over the original, though IGN remarked on reoccurring shortcomings, such as Pikmin getting stuck behind walls or breaking away from the group.
The graphics and presentation in "Pikmin 2" were highly praised; many critics felt that they were greatly improved over the original game. IGN stated that "it's highly refreshing to see a Nintendo-created game with such undeniably high production values," noting the "photorealistic" environments, particle effects, character animation, and the observation that the game constantly runs at 30 frames-per-second. GameSpot agreed, expressing that "from a performance viewpoint, Pikmin 2 stands as an impressive achievement on the GameCube, especially since the improved visuals still move at a solid frame rate despite the increased detail." Tom Bramwell of Eurogamer called "Pikmin 2" "relentlessly and giddily gorgeous." Other critics, such as X-Play, did not agree about the graphics, feeling the improvements were "marginal" at best. In addition, many reviews voiced minor complaints regarding the game's camera system, which was often obstructed by large objects in the playing field when positioned at certain angles.

</doc>
<doc id="622291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622291" title="WCMH-TV">
WCMH-TV

WCMH-TV, channel 4, is a television station in Columbus, Ohio, USA, affiliated with the NBC television network and owned by Media General. The station's studios are located near the Ohio State University campus on Olentangy River Road, while its transmitter is located off Twin Rivers Drive in west Columbus.
History.
Columbus' first television station began operations on April 3, 1949 as WLWC on channel 3. The station's original owner was the Cincinnati-based Crosley Broadcasting Corporation, a division of the Avco Company. Crosley also owned WLW radio and WLWT television in Cincinnati, as well as WLWD television (now WDTN) in Dayton. Together these stations comprised the "WLW Network", and they emphasized their connection to each other within their on-air branding: the Columbus station was known as WLW-C.
Like all of the WLW television stations in Ohio, WLWC was an NBC affiliate, though it carried some programming from the DuMont network until WTVN-TV (now WSYX) took the DuMont affiliation when that station launched in September 1949. In 1952, following the release of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)'s "Sixth Report and Order" which ended the four-year freeze on station license awards, a VHF frequency realignment resulted in WLWC being forced to move to channel 4, trading channels with NBC-owned WNBK (now WKYC-TV) in Cleveland; the switch took place in April 1954.
The Crosley TV station group would later grow to include WLWI (now WTHR) in Indianapolis, WOAI-TV in San Antonio, and WLWA (now WXIA-TV) in Atlanta. Along with NBC programming, the Crosley/Avco stations in Ohio and Indianapolis also aired common programming, including "The Paul Dixon Show", "Midwestern Hayride", "The Ruth Lyons 50-50 Club" (later to become "The Bob Braun Show"), "The Phil Donahue Show", and telecasts of Cincinnati Reds baseball. The Crosley broadcast division took the name of its parent company in 1968, becoming Avco Broadcasting Corporation.
In 1969 the FCC enacted its "one-to-a-market" rule, which prohibited common ownership of AM radio and television stations with overlapping coverage areas under certain conditions while grandfathering some already existing instances. WLWC's channel 4 coverage area covered portions of the Dayton and Cincinnati markets, and Avco's ownership of WLWC, WLWT, WLWD, and WLW radio (a 50,000-watt, clear-channel station which can also be heard throughout much of eastern North America at night) was granted protection under the clause. In 1975, Avco announced the sale of its broadcasting outlets; channel 4 was sold in February 1976 to the Providence, Rhode Island-based Outlet Company, who changed the station's call letters to the current WCMH-TV.
Outlet sold its broadcast interests to NBC in 1996, and channel 4 became an NBC owned-and-operated station, spending much of the next decade as one of two stations in the market to hold such status; the other was UPN's WWHO (owned by that network from 1997 to 2005; it was later sold to LIN TV and is now owned by Manhan Media and controlled by WSYX).
WCMH-TV was placed up for sale by NBC-Universal on January 9, 2006, along with sister stations WJAR-TV in Providence, WVTM-TV in Birmingham, Alabama, and WNCN-TV in Goldsboro, North Carolina. Media General, the Richmond, Virginia-based company which already owned five NBC affiliates in the southeastern United States, announced it would purchase the four stations on April 6, 2006; the sale was finalized on June 26, 2006. As a result, channel 4 became Media General's first station in the Great Lakes region.
For several months after the sale closed, WCMH's website and those of the other three stations remained in the format used by the websites of NBC-owned stations. In December 2006, WNCN and WJAR launched redesigned websites, which are no longer powered by Internet Broadcasting. On December 11, 2006, WVTM's website followed suit, followed by WCMH on December 14. Media General has since located the master control for all Media General NBC affiliates at its Columbus studios. In 2013, Media General migrated its television station web sites to Worldnow (who provided video services to the company's in-house web site operations prior to the hosting deal).
The WLWC Call Letters: From Columbus to Providence.
WCMH-TV used the WLWC call letters from its 1949 sign-on until the station was sold to Outlet Broadcasting in 1976. In the 1990s, WCMH entered into an agreement to manage the operations of WWHO-TV in the Columbus market under a "local marketing agreement" (LMA) with Fant Broadcasting, owner of WWHO-TV. Due to the success of this arrangement, WCMH's sister station WJAR in Providence, RI entered into a similar arrangement to operate Channel 28 in that market, also owned by Fant.
At about the same time, Premier Broadcasting Corporation also announced that it would be using the WLWC call letters for Columbus low-power television station W62BE. Because of the historic and brand value of the WLWC call letters in the Columbus market, Outlet arranged to have the call sign "warehoused" on Channel 28 in Providence in order to keep competitors from using them in the Columbus area. Channel 28 applied for and was assigned the WLWC call letters and has used them ever since. Premier's television station, now silent, ultimately took the call letters WLWG.
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The station's digital signal is multiplexed. WCMH replaced RTV with Me-TV on September 26, 2011, as part of a groupwide affiliation agreement with Media General; the channel replaced RTV on some Media General-owned stations in other markets.
Analog-to-digital conversion.
WCMH-TV shut down its analog signal, over VHF channel 4, on June 12, 2009, as part of the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 14, using PSIP to display WCMH-TV's virtual channel as 4 on digital television receivers.
News operation.
For most of its history, WLWC/WCMH-TV has been second in the Columbus ratings, except for the station's 11:00 p.m. news, which occasionally beats market leader WBNS-TV. For nearly 20 years. 
In the November 2013 ratings period, WCMH was beaten by WSYX ABC 6, in the 11pm news race and is now the third rated news operation at 11pm in the Columbus news market.
, Hugh DeMoss anchored channel 4's evening newscast, called "The DeMoss Report". By the late 1970s into the early 1980s, however, the NBC affiliate languished in third place. In 1983, the station brought in veteran news anchor Doug Adair and his then-wife, reporter Mona Scott, from WKYC-TV in Cleveland as the station's main anchoring team. They brought a "happy talk" format to the market for the first time, as well as launching the 5:30 p.m. newscast. WCMH began a slow rise that would result in the station overcoming WBNS to reach number-one in the market, and in the process, the mid-1980s "NewsWatch 4" team of Adair, Scott, meteorologist Jym Ganahl (with the station since 1979), and sportscaster Jimmy Crum (who joined the station shortly after its 1949 debut) became the most popular anchor team in Columbus television history. This also coincided with NBC's becoming the number one network during that time.
The 1990s brought changes to the normally stable WCMH-TV. In 1990, Mona Scott decided to leave channel 4, and was replaced by Angela Pace. Pace would leave for WBNS-TV in 1992, and Doug Adair and Jimmy Crum both retired in 1994. Pace's and Adair's replacements, respectively, were Colleen Marshall and Cabot Rea, and the pair have helmed WCMH-TV's evening newscasts since then. The changes resulted in an earlier audience fall-off, but channel 4 once again passed WBNS-TV for the overall lead for a time in the late 1990s and early 2000s, and often won 11 o'clock news ratings over WBNS (due to NBC winning prime time and late night ratings over CBS during those years). For a few years, from 2000 until 2003 WCMH also won the morning news race with the combined anchor team of Tylar Bacome, Anietra Hamper, Bob Nunally and Beth Dalponte/Kellie Hanna covering traffic. WCMH would win the morning news ratings again in 2004-2007 with Andy Dominianni, Hamper, Nunally and Hanna, but the ratings dropped precipitously after the broadcast was moved into a downtown studio location in 2008. WCMH is currently the #2 station in the market in all other time slots except at noon when it trails both WBNS and WSYX. WCMH and WSYX have also been trading second and third place during the evening time slots.
On Saturday January 4, 2008 WCMH became the second major Columbus station to begin broadcasting local newscasts in high definition. Prior to the opening of "NBC 4 on the Square" on May 27, NBC 4 had planned to move its entire news operation to that facility. However, when those plans fell through, WCMH's main studio was upgraded to high definition. (Ultimately, "NBC 4 on the Square" was used only for some of the station's weekday morning shows.) Like most other stations with high-definition newscasts, WCMH relies mostly on upconverted widescreen standard definition footage for its remote field reports. On May 11, 2011, "NBC 4 on the Square" came to an end due to dismal ratings (it has remained a distant second to WBNS-TV on weekday mornings ever since "NBC4 on the Square" was founded), with the morning newscast productions returning to the main WCMH facility full-time. Rival station WBNS-TV leased the space from Casto (owner of the property) and the well recognizable NBC 4 logo was replaced by WBNS's logo.
In January 2011, the station debuted a new rounded logo and new image promos emphasizing its long-time personalities and community involvement.

</doc>
<doc id="622292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622292" title="Charles Moore, 1st Marquess of Drogheda">
Charles Moore, 1st Marquess of Drogheda

Field Marshal Charles Moore, 1st Marquess of Drogheda KP, PC (Ire) (29 June 1730 – 22 December 1822), styled Viscount Moore from 1752 until 28 October 1758, was a British peer and military officer. He bore the colours of his regiment at the Battle of Culloden in April 1746 during the Jacobite risings and later commanded the 18th Light Dragoons during operations against the Whiteboys in Ireland. He also sat as Member of Parliament in the Irish House of Commons and, having served as Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, he went on to become Master-General of the Irish Ordnance.
Career.
Born the son of Edward Moore, 5th Earl of Drogheda and Sarah Moore (daughter of Brabazon Ponsonby, 1st Earl of Bessborough), Moore joined the Army in 1744 as a cornet in the 12th Dragoons, and bore the colours at the Battle of Culloden in April 1746 during the Jacobite risings. He was promoted captain in 1750 and reached the rank of major in 1752 and the rank of brevet lieutenant-colonel on 18 January 1755.
In 1757 Moore became Member of Parliament for St Canice. He held the seat until he succeeded as 6th Earl of Drogheda following the death of his father at sea while travelling from England to Dublin in October 1758. He was also elected Grandmaster of the Grand Lodge of Ireland in 1758, a post he held for the next two years. He became Governor of County Meath in January 1759 and lieutenant-colonel commandant of the 19th (later 18th) Light Dragoons on 7 December 1759.
Promoted to brevet colonel of dragoons on 19 February 1762, Moore became honorary colonel of his regiment on 3 August 1762. He commanded the 18th Light Dragoons during operations against the Whiteboys in Ireland which started in 1762. He became Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in 1763, Governor of Kinsale and Charles Fort in 1765 and a Lord Justice of Ireland in 1766. He commissioned Moore Abbey as his country home in 1767 and was appointed Custos Rotulorum of King's County in 1766 and Custos Rotulorum of Queen's County in 1769, both offices for life. 
Promoted to major-general on 30 April 1770, Moore became Master-General of the Irish Ordnance and colonel-in-chief of the Royal Irish Artillery in 1770. He became Member of Parliament for Horsham in 1776, and having been promoted to lieutenant-general on 29 August 1777, he was appointed one of the Founder Knights of the Order of St. Patrick on 17 March 1783.
Created Marquess of Drogheda in the Peerage of Ireland in July 1791 in recognition of the support he had given the Government, Moore was promoted to full general on 12 October 1793. He was appointed one of the joint Postmasters General of Ireland in 1797. In January 1801, he was made Baron Moore, of Moore Place in the County of Kent, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
Moore served as Muster-Master-General in Ireland from May to November 1807 and was promoted to field marshal on 17 July 1821, aged 91. He was an important patron of the artist William Ashford. He died in Dublin on 22 December 1821 and was buried at St Peter's Church in Drogheda.
Family.
Moore married Lady Anne Seymour-Conway, the daughter of Francis Seymour-Conway, 1st Marquess of Hertford, on 15 February 1766. They had eight children, including Charles Moore, 2nd Marquess of Drogheda, Henry, father of the 3rd and last Marquess, and Elizabeth, Countess of Westmeath. His wife's family had a tradition of mental illness, which may have a bearing on the fact that their elder son went insane.

</doc>
<doc id="622294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622294" title="Rod Coronado">
Rod Coronado

Rodney Adam Coronado (born July 3, 1966) is a Native American (Pascua Yaqui) eco-anarchist and animal rights activist. He is an advocate and former activist for the Animal Liberation Front (ALF) and a spokesperson for the Earth Liberation Front. He was a crew member of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society and a member of the editorial collective of the "Earth First! Journal".
A former proponent of the use of direct action to end what he sees as cruelty to animals and destruction of the environment, Coronado was jailed in 1995 in connection with an arson attack on research facilities at Michigan State University. The incident, which caused $125,000 worth of damage and destroyed 32 years of research data, was part of the ALF's "Operation Bite Back," a series of attacks on animal-testing and fur facilities in the U.S. during the 1990s.
In 2006, while imprisoned for felony conspiracy and awaiting trial on further charges, Coronado expressed a change in his personal philosophy inspired by fatherhood. In an open letter, he wrote, "Don't ask me how to burn down a building. Ask me how to grow watermelons or how to explain nature to a child," explaining that he wants to be remembered, not as a "man of destruction but a human believer in peace and love for all." He was released on probation in December 2008, but was imprisoned again for four months in August 2010 for accepting a "friend request" on Facebook from an environmental activist, Mike Roselle, which was deemed a violation of his probation.
Background.
Coronado is of Yaqui heritage and lives in Tucson, Arizona. He has a long history of activism, particularly through incendiary tactics. In 1985, at the age of 19, he joined the crew of the conservation ship, "Sea Shepherd Conservation Society", and on November 9, 1986, he and another activist, David Howitt, sank two ships, the "Hvalur 6" and "Hvalur 7", accounting for half of Iceland's whaling fleet. Before scuttling the ships, Coronado and Howitt caused $2 million worth of damage to the Icelandic whaling station. Coronado wrote about this action in the animal rights magazine "No Compromise".
In 1995, Coronado was convicted and sentenced to 57 months in prison in connection with the February 28, 1992 arson attack on research facilities at Michigan State University (MSU), which caused $125,000 worth of damage. He was also involved in an Animal Liberation Front (ALF) action, releasing mink from a nearby MSU mink research farm, wrecking equipment and opening animals' cages. As a condition of his sentence, Coronado was ordered to pay MSU $2 million in restitution. In 1992 the Animal Enterprise Protection Act (revised in 2006 to Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act), enacted largely in response to the MSU attacks, was the first legislation adding sabotage as a defined activity of eco-terrorism.
Indictments and convictions.
Earth First! Lion hunt.
On December 2, 2004, Coronado was indicted on three charges related to Earth First! hunt saboteur actions to disrupt a hunt of mountain lions in Sabino Canyon, near Tucson by dismantling a lion trap and spreading mountain lion urine. On December 13, 2005, he and co-defendant Matthew Crozier, 33, were found guilty of felony conspiracy to interfere with or injure a government official, misdemeanor interference with or injury to a forest officer, and misdemeanor depredation (theft, destruction, or the attempt to do so) of government property. Coronado was sentenced on August 6, 2006 to eight months in prison, three years supervised probation, and fined $100. Crozier was sentenced to 100 hours community service, three years probation, and a $1,000 fine.
Demonstrating an incendiary device.
In February 2006, Coronado was arrested on a felony charge of demonstrating the use of an incendiary device at a public gathering in the Hillcrest neighborhood of San Diego. The indictment indirectly relates to an August 1, 2003 fire in San Diego that destroyed an apartment complex causing an estimated $50 million worth of damage. A banner was found at the scene inscribed with the initials of the ELF. Coronado, a self-described "unofficial ELF spokesman," gave a talk on militant environmental activism in San Diego 15 hours later, where he explained how to make incendiary devices. He denies any role in the incident, and investigators do not consider him a suspect in starting the fire.
His arrest was associated with the FBI's "Operation Backfire", a sweep of grand jury indictments against alleged ALF and ELF members, termed the "Green Scare" by activists. Some alternative media sources say Coronado was simply exercising his constitutional right to freedom of speech when "in response to a question from an audience member" he "demonstrated how he had constructed a non-explosive, incendiary device out of a plastic jug filled with gasoline to commit the old arson for which he did his time."
In September 2006, Coronado sent an open letter to supporters from his prison cell in Florence, Arizona, before his release on March 23, 2007. In the letter, he announced his commitment to social change through non-destructive means. Citing his desire to raise his young son without teaching him that "violence is a necessary evil", Coronado expressed hope that others in the earth and animal liberation movements would consider more peaceful methods:
Hillcrest trial.
In 2007, Coronado stood trial in San Diego on charges related to his speech in 2003 in Hillcrest. After two days of deliberations, the jury remained deadlocked, and on September 19, 2007, Judge Jeffrey Miller declared a mistrial. Coronado subsequently entered a guilty plea, accepting a deal for a one year prison term, as a result of which he was sentenced on March 27, 2008 to one year and one day. He was released from El Reno FCI on December 25, 2008. Regarding his guilty plea, he said in an open e-mail on his website:
Parole violation.
In August 2010, Coronado was sentenced to four months in federal prison in Michigan for violating the terms of his probation. Coronado, who had been on parole since his release from prison, joined the social networking site Facebook. He was sentenced for the use of an unauthorized computer, and for "friending" former Earth First! co-founder Mike Roselle. Coronado entered the Federal Correctional Institution in Milan, Michigan on September 16.
"Strong Hearts".
"Strong Hearts" was a zine written and published by Coronado during his prison sentence for crimes committed on behalf of the Animal Liberation Front. The zine had a typewriter cut and paste collage format. It was printed on 8½" by 11" paper that was folded in half. There were a total of four issues published.
Some of the topics covered included Coronado's experiences with Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, the EZLN, animal rights, and indigenous issues. Excerpts from the zine are included in "Flaming Arrows: A Compilation Of Works By Rod Coronado", a collection of Coronado's writings currently published by Warcry Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="622299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622299" title="WWHO">
WWHO

WWHO, channel 53, is a television station licensed to Chillicothe, Ohio, USA. Serving as the CW affiliate for the Columbus, Ohio television market, WWHO's broadcast license is owned by Manham Media, Inc., while the station's operations are controlled via shared services agreement (SSA) by the Sinclair Broadcast Group. WWHO shares studios with sister stations WSYX (channel 6) and WTTE (channel 28) on Dublin Road in Grandview Heights, a suburb of Columbus; WWHO's transmitter is located in Williamsport, Ohio.
WWHO also served briefly as the default The CW affiliate (on cable) for the Zanesville, Ohio media market from March 2008 thru early July 2008, after WHIZ-TV discontinued WBZV, its cable-only CW Plus affiliate. The CW Plus has since been reinstated to the Zanesville cable line-up.
History.
WWHO began operating on August 31, 1987 as independent station WWAT, named after its owner, Wendell A. Triplett. It was the first general-entertainment independent station in Columbus since WTTE signed on in 1984. It operated a Columbus translator on W17AI channel 17 (now WDEM, which is still owned by Triplett) until 1992, when WWAT was added to many cable providers in the Columbus market due to cable must-carry legislation. The station was sold for $2 million in 1994 to Fant Broadcasting and changed its calls to WWHO. At the same time, the on-air name "Who-53" was adopted. At the same time, the station entered a Local marketing agreement with WCMH-TV (then owned by the Outlet Company), which included producing a nightly 10 PM newscast (the first such in the Columbus market) using WCMH's facilities and resources.
The station remained an independent station until January 11, 1995, when WWHO became a charter affiliate of the The WB Television Network. WWHO (then branded on-air as "WB 53") retained this affiliation until the Paramount Stations Group (a subsidiary of Paramount Pictures, whose parent company is Viacom) agreed to acquire the station in 1997, along with sister station WLWC in Providence, Rhode Island and sell WVIT in New Britain, Connecticut to NBC in return. At that time the station became a secondary UPN affiliate, as UPN programming was moved from WTTE, primarily a Fox affiliate, to WWHO; while channel 53 retained a primary WB affiliation through the duration of its contract, the station nonetheless soon began calling itself "UPN 53." In 2000, WWHO switched its primary affiliation to UPN, but signed a deal with The WB to retain its programming on a secondary basis through what a Paramount Stations Group executive described as a "program license agreement." The station dropped the channel number from its branding in 2002, becoming "UPN Columbus." On February 10, 2005, it was announced that the Viacom Television Stations Group (the successor to the Paramount Stations Group as a result of Viacom merging with CBS in 1999) was selling WWHO and WNDY-TV (in the Indianapolis market) to LIN Television for $85 million.
On February 10, 2005, LIN Television announced its intention to bring 10 p.m. news, which had disappeared from WWHO following its acquisition by Paramount Stations Group, back to the station. This half-hour newscast was produced by WBNS-TV, and debuted on September 1, 2005, concurrent with a rebranding of the station as "UPN 53 WWHO." Unlike WCMH in previous years, WBNS chose to use its own station branding on the newscast rather than WWHO's, including WBNS's normal "10TV News HD" graphics beginning in 2007 (despite the fact WWHO's newscast was not broadcast in HD until mid-2008).
The rebrand proved to be short-lived, as UPN and The WB merged to form The CW in 2006. Although LIN initially had some hesitancy about the network's business model, it eventually agreed to affiliate four of its WB and UPN affiliates, including WWHO, with The CW, making WWHO the largest The CW affiliate owned by LIN. (WSYX, the area's ABC affiliate (and sister station to WTTE), launched a new digital subchannel featuring programming from My Network TV in September of that year.)
On July 31, approximately one month before The CW officially debuted, WWHO rebranded with a new logo and slogan, "The CW on WWHO-TV." Once more, the station's channel number was de-emphasized. However, the station today goes by "The CW Columbus." 
On December 31, 2008, WBNS ceased production of WWHO's 10 PM newscast. Currently, there is no regularly scheduled news programming on WWHO although the station airs the third hour of the syndicated morning show "The Daily Buzz" from 8 to 9 AM.
In November 2011, it was reported that the Sinclair Broadcast Group, the owner of WSYX and who also effectively owns WTTE, was in talks to purchase WWHO from LIN for an estimated $7 million. This deal, if it were approved, would have given Sinclair control of four of the six largest network affiliations in the Ohio capital. This deal never materialized, however, and LIN filed instead to sell the station to Manhan Media. The sale was granted on December 20, 2011. In February 2012, after consummating the sale, Manhan Media entered into a shared services agreement (SSA) with Sinclair, making WWHO a sister station to WSYX and WTTE. 
(Manhan Media's owner, Stephen P. Mumblow, subsequently started Deerfield Media to acquire the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) assets, including the licenses, of several stations that are being divested by Sinclair in the wake of its purchase of stations from Newport Television. However, Sinclair will retain control of those stations through joint sales and shared services agreements.) In a way, the SSA also reunited WWHO with WLWC, which Sinclair owned outright until April 2013 when that station was sold to OTA Broadcasting, LLC. Although Sinclair now controls WWHO, it initially continued to operate from separate studios several blocks east of the WSYX/WTTE studios; by October 2013, WWHO had moved in with WSYX/WTTE.
Digital television.
Analog-to-digital conversion.
WWHO was one of only two full-power television stations in the Columbus market (the other being WTTE) that honored the original DTV transition date of February 17, 2009. WWHO shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 53, at 11:59 p.m. on that date, as part of the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 46, using PSIP to display WWHO's virtual channel as 53 on digital television receivers, which was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the transition. For approximately two weeks after the official shutoff, an information card could be seen on channel 53 directing viewers to WWHO's new location, as well as contact information regarding the DTV switchover. Analog channel 53 is now dark.

</doc>
<doc id="622300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622300" title="Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar">
Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar

Prince William Augustus Edward of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, KP, GCB, GCH, GCVO, PC (11 October 1823 – 16 November 1902) was a British military officer of German parents. After a career in the Grenadier Guards, he became Major General commanding the Brigade of Guards and General Officer Commanding the Home District in 1870, General Officer Commanding Southern District in October 1878 and Commander-in-Chief, Ireland in October 1885. He was promoted to field marshal in 1897 despite his career including no great military achievements.
Career.
Edward was born to Prince Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach and Princess Ida of Saxe-Meiningen at Bushy House, the home of his mother's sister Adelaide and her husband the future King William IV of the United Kingdom.
After being naturalised as a British subject, Edward's military career began on 1 June 1841, when, having trained at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, he joined the 67th (South Hampshire) Regiment of Foot as an ensign. He was promoted to ensign in the Grenadier Guards and lieutenant in the Army on 8 June 1841 and lieutenant in his regiment and captain in the Army on 19 May 1846 before becoming adjutant of his battalion in November 1850.
Edward was promoted to brevet major in the Grenadier Guards on 20 June 1854. He served in the Crimean War and fought at the Battle of Alma in September 1854 and the Siege of Sevastopol in October 1854, where he was slightly injured. He fought on at the Battle of Balaclava in October 1854 and the Battle of Inkerman in November 1854. He was promoted to the brevet lieutenant-colonel "for distinguished Service in the Field" during the war on 12 December 1854.
Edward was appointed an aide-de-camp to the Queen and received his colonelcy in the Grenadier Guards on 5 October 1855. Granted the style of Royal Highness (to both Edward and his wife) in 1866, he was promoted to major-general on 6 March 1868. He was appointed Major General commanding the Brigade of Guards and General Officer Commanding the Home District in 1870 and, having been promoted to lieutenant general on 6 July 1877, he became General Officer Commanding Southern District in October 1878. Promoted to full general on 4 November 1879, he went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Ireland and a member of the Irish Privy Council in October 1885 before retiring in October 1890.
In retirement Edward was a commissioner of the Patriotic Fund. He also became colonel of the 10th Regiment of Foot and then colonel of the 1st Regiment of Life Guards. He was promoted to field marshal on 22 June 1897 following which there was adverse comment in "The Times" that his career had included no great military achievements.
Edward died on 16 November 1902 at Portland Place in London and was buried in Chichester Cathedral, in the crypt of his wife's family, the dukes of Richmond and Lennox.
Family.
On 27 November 1851 Edward married, morganatically, Lady Augusta Katherine Gordon-Lennox, (a daughter of Charles Gordon-Lennox, 5th Duke of Richmond), who was created Countess of Dornburg by the Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar the day before the wedding. The Court Circular shows that she was usually known by that title until early 1886, when the Circular began to consistently refer to her by her husband's title, i.e. "HSH Princess Edward of Saxe-Weimar". They had no children.
Honours.
Edward's honours included:

</doc>
<doc id="622302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622302" title="Passenger (Passenger album)">
Passenger (Passenger album)

Passenger is the only studio album by the metal band Passenger. It was released through Century Media in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="622304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622304" title="Ernesto Laclau">
Ernesto Laclau

Ernesto Laclau (; 6 October 1935 – 13 April 2014) was an Argentine political theorist often described as post-Marxist. 
He studied History in Buenos Aires, graduating from the Universidad Nacional de Buenos Aires in 1964, and received a PhD from the University of Essex in 1977. 
Since 1986 he served as Professor of Political Theory at the University of Essex, where he founded and directed for many years the graduate programme in Ideology and Discourse Analysis, as well as the Centre for Theoretical Studies in the Humanities and the Social Sciences. Under his directorship, the Ideology and Discourse Analysis programme has provided the suitable research framework for the development of a distinct type of discourse analysis that draws on post-structuralist theory (especially the work of Lacan, Foucault, Derrida, and Barthes) in order to articulate innovative analyses of concrete political phenomena (identities, discourses and hegemonies). This theoretical and analytical orientation is today known as the 'Essex School of discourse analysis'. 
Over the years, Laclau has lectured extensively in many universities in North America, South America, Western Europe, Australia, and South Africa. Most recently he has held positions at SUNY Buffalo and Northwestern University, both in the US.
His long-term partner was Chantal Mouffe. He died, of a heart attack, in Seville in 2014.
Biography.
He was a member of the PSIN (Socialist Party of the National Left) until 1969, when the British historian Eric Hobsbawm supported his entrance to Oxford. He had close links with Jorge Abelardo Ramos, the founder of the PSIN, although he declared in 2005 that the latter then evolved in a direction he did not appreciate. In the same interview, he stated that he came from a Yrigoyenista family, and that the peronist politician Arturo Jauretche, a strong opponent of Justo's dictatorship during the Infamous Decade of the 1930s, was a close friend of his father.
Work.
Laclau's early work was influenced by Althusserian Marxism and focused on issues debated within Neo-Marxist circles in the 1970s, including the role of the state, the dynamics of capitalism beyond reductionist models, the importance of Gramsci's theory of hegemony, etc. Laclau's most important book is arguably "Hegemony and Socialist Strategy", which he co-authored with Chantal Mouffe. Their thought is usually described as post-Marxist as they were both politically active in the social and student movements of the 1960s and thus tried to link new emerging political identities with a democratic socialist imaginary. They rejected Marxist economic determinism and the notion of class struggle being the only determining antagonism in society. Instead, on the basis of recognising the plurality of antagonisms operating in society, they put forward a project of "radical and plural democracy". In his more recent work and under the increasing influence of Lacanian psychoanalytic theory, Laclau has returned to a topic preoccupying him from his early years, that of populism. His latest views were well reflected in an interview given to Intellectum journal in 2008.
In "On Populist Reason", Laclau talks about the nature of populism in political discourse and the creation of popular political identities such as "the people" or "proletariat" and their role in serving collective political actors and ideologies. Laclau identifies the basis of populism in the creation of "empty signifiers": words and ideas that constitute and express an "equivalential chain". This "equivalential chain" is made possible only when a list of unfulfilled political demands create a 'logic of equivalence" between them. The notions of populism are essential, according to Laclau, to the discussion of issues of representation and democracy.

</doc>
<doc id="622305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622305" title="Julian Eltinge">
Julian Eltinge

Julian Eltinge (May 14, 1881 – March 7, 1941), born William Julian Dalton, was an American stage and screen actor and female impersonator. After appearing in the Boston Cadets Revue at the age of ten in feminine garb, Eltinge garnered notice from other producers and made his first appearance on Broadway in 1904. As his star began to rise, he appeared in vaudeville and toured Europe and the United States, even giving a command performance before King Edward VII. Eltinge appeared in a series of musical comedies written specifically for his talents starting in 1910 with "The Fascinating Widow", returning to vaudeville in 1918. His popularity soon earned him the moniker "Mr. Lillian Russell" for the equally popular beauty and musical comedy star.
Hollywood beckoned Eltinge and in 1917 he appeared in his first feature film, "The Countess Charming". This would lead to other films including 1918s "The Isle of Love" with Rudolph Valentino and Virginia Rappe. By the time Eltinge arrived in Hollywood, he was considered one of the highest paid actors on the American stage; but with the arrival of the Great Depression and the death of vaudeville, Eltinge’s star began to fade. He continued his show in nightclubs but found little success. He died in 1941 following a show at a New York nightclub. He leaves a legacy as one of the greatest female impersonators of the 20th century.
Early years.
Though the details of his professional life are widely known, Eltinge's personal life is shrouded in mystery; mystery partly due to the passage of time, but really more likely to Eltinge's own hand. Eltinge was born in Newtonville, Massachusetts(some sources narrow it just to Boston) to Julia Edna Baker and Joseph Dalton. It is believed that his father was a mining engineer and that early in his life he traveled out west with his father, ending up in Butte, Montana. At 17 he came back to Boston and worked in dry goods as salesman.
His start in show business, like his early life, is also shrouded in myth. Most sources cite his first female role being at the age of ten with the Boston Cadets Review at the Tremont Theater in Boston. He is reported to have played the role so well that the next year the revue was written around him which led to minor roles elsewhere. But as to how he came to perform as a female with the Boston Cadets, sources differ. In some versions he was taking cakewalk lessons from a Mrs. Wyman's dance studio when he impressed upon his teacher an incredible ability to emulate females. It is said to be Mrs. Wyman who encouraged young William to study the art of female impersonation. Boys often play female roles in all male theater groups.
Broadway and vaudeville.
Eltinge's first appearance on Broadway was in the musical comedy "Mr. Wix of Wickham" which opened September 19, 1904 at the Bijou Theatre in New York City. The show was produced by E. E. Rice and included music by Jerome Kern among others. The show was a flop, but it helped to establish Eltinge as a rising star.
During this time Eltinge began performing in vaudeville. Unlike many of the female impersonation acts that existed at that time, like Bert Savoy or George Fortesque, Eltinge did not present a caricature of women but presented the illusion of actually being a woman. He toured simply as "Eltinge" which left his sex unknown and his act included singing and dancing in a variety of female roles including a Gibson Girl-like role called "The Sampson Girl". At the conclusion of his performances, he would remove his wig, revealing his true nature to the surprise of the often unknowing audience.
In 1906 Eltinge made his London debut at the Palace Theater. While in London, Eltinge was commanded to give a performance for King Edward VII, who later presented him with a white bulldog. The next year, Eltinge made his New York debut at the Alhambra Theater to critical acclaim. From 1908 to 1909 Eltinge toured with Cohan and Harris Minstrels.
Eltinge's star began to shine on Broadway and on national tours and his name became known worldwide. Indeed, women were so enthralled by his performances that he established the "Eltinge Magazine" which advised women on beauty, fashion], and home tips.
By 1910, Eltinge had reached the height of his fame. Sime Silverman, Editor of "Variety", called him "as great a performer as there is today".
"The Fascinating Widow" and beyond.
In 1911, Eltinge opened one of his most famous shows, "The Fascinating Widow" at New York's Liberty Theater. In it he played Hal Blake who disguises himself as "Mrs. Monte" in a "Charley's Aunt"-like plot. The show only ran 56 performances in New York, but toured the nation successfully for several years.
The success of this show led producer A. H. Woods to give Eltinge one of theatre's highest honors, having a theatre named for him. A year to the day that "The Fascinating Widow" opened, Woods opened the Eltinge Theatre on New York's 42nd Street designed by noted theater architect Thomas W. Lamb. After serving as a legitimate theater for many years, it became a notorious burlesque house and was shut down during a "public morality" campaign in 1943. The theater became a cinema the next year. The theater has now become part of the AMC Empire 25 cineplex having been lifted and moved in its entirety down the block from its original location.
Following on the success of "The Fascinating Widow", Eltinge performed in two other comedies that had similar success, "The Crinoline Girl" which opened in 1914 and "Cousin Lucy" (with music by Kern) the next year.
Hollywood and film career.
As many actors began to leave for the silver screen, Eltinge followed and in 1914 he starred in silent picture versions of "The Crinoline Girl" followed by "Cousin Lucy" the next year. According to Anthony Slide's "The Encyclopedia of Vaudeville", he also had a cameo role in a film entitled "How Molly Malone Made Good" in 1915. Eltinge's first real screen success came in 1917 in "The Countess Charming". His role in the film was again a double role with him playing both a male and said male in female garb.
Settling in Hollywood, Eltinge made three films in 1917 and also in 1918. During this time he wrote and produced a vaudeville group called "The Julian Eltinge Players". With this group he returned triumphantly to the vaudeville stage appearing at New York's Palace Theatre in 1918. The next year he returned again in a new vaudeville review with sets by the French designer Erté.
By 1920, Eltinge was very wealthy and was living in one of the most lavish mansions in Southern California, "Villa Capistrano". His star began to shine even brighter after his appearance with Rudolf Valentino in the 1920 film "An Adventuress" (released as "The Isle of Love" in the U.S.). After filming, Eltinge continued touring onstage and would do so until 1927. He also made two films, "Madame Behave" and "The Fascinating Widow", in 1925.
Personal life.
Aside from the graceful femininity he exhibited onstage, Eltinge used a super-masculine facade in public to combat the rumours of his homosexuality. This facade included the occasional bar-fight, smoking cigars, and drawn out engagements to women (though he never married). He was also known to physically attack stagehands, members of the audience and others who remarked on his sexuality. Indeed, his sexual duality led to the creation of the term "ambisextrous" to describe him.
Eltinge may have been a gay man, as Milton Berle and many others who worked with him believed. Actress Ruth Gordon stated in a "New York Times" article that he was "as virile as anybody virile." There is no existing record of a lover of either sex, though stories did abound. According to one such story recorded by Robert Toll in his book "On With the Show!" (1976), Eltinge gave a photograph of himself as Salomé, signed "From your friend Jule", to a Boston sportswriter. When the sportswriter's wife discovered the photograph in her husband's coat pocket she was outraged. Confronting her husband, she had to be convinced that the "woman" in the photograph was actually a man, but however she was disturbed to find that her husband had been spending time with him.
Later years and death.
By the 1930s, the female impersonations that he had built his career on had begun to lose popularity. Eltinge resorted to performing in nightclubs. Crackdowns on cross-dressing in public, a misguided attempt to curb homosexual activity (cross-dressing is predominantly a heterosexual activity), prevented Eltinge from performing in costume. At one appearance in a Los Angeles club, Eltinge stood next to displays of his gowns while taking on his characters.
On May 7, 1941, Eltinge fell ill while performing at Billy Rose's Diamond Horseshoe nightclub. He was taken home and died in his apartment ten days later. His death certificate lists the cause of death as a cerebral hemorrhage.
In popular culture.
A reference to Julian Eltinge is found in Buster Keaton's comedy "Seven Chances" (1925). In the film, he must marry before 7:00 PM in order to receive an inheritance. After many failures, Keaton's character, in an act of desperation, sees a poster depicting a large photo of a woman outside a performance hall and enters to ask her hand in marriage. While inside, a stage hand removes some boxes to reveal that the woman is indeed Julian Eltinge. Keaton returns to the screen with a black eye and his boater hat smashed over his head.
In Vincente Minnelli's 1953 film The Band Wagon, Fred Astaire's character finds that the Eltinge theater has been converted into a penny arcade, and there he performs one of his most famous song-and-dance sequences, singing "Shine on Your Shoes."
In Lenny Bruce's comic monologue, "The Palladium," about a comic failing at the famous London music hall, the house manager suggests the comic sneak out in disguise: "I believe Julian Eltinge left a wig here in the closet many years ago."

</doc>
<doc id="622306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622306" title="Ludlow, Colorado">
Ludlow, Colorado

Ludlow is a ghost town in Las Animas County, Colorado, United States. It was famous as the site of the Ludlow Massacre in 1914. The town site is nestled at the entrance to a canyon in the foothills of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains. It is located along the western side of Interstate 25 approximately 12 miles (19 km) north of the town of Trinidad. Nearby points of interest include the Ludlow Monument, a monument to the coal miners and their families who were killed in the 1914 massacre, the Hastings coke ovens, and the Victor American Hastings Mine Disaster Monument.
Robert Adams made a series of photographs in Ludlow in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="622309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622309" title="Severn, Ontario">
Severn, Ontario

Severn is a township in south-central Ontario, Canada, located between Lake Couchiching, and the Severn River (both are part of the Trent–Severn Waterway) in Simcoe County. The current township was founded on January 1, 1994, as part of the restructuring of Simcoe County, by amalgamating the village of Coldwater with the townships of Matchedash and Orillia, plus portions of the townships of Medonte and Tay.
Communities.
The township comprises the communities of Amigo Beach, Ardtrea, Buckskin, Buena Vista Park, Burnside, Carlyon, Coldwater, Cumberland Beach, Fesserton, Hamlet, Hampshire Mills, Happyland, Hawkins Corner, Hydro Glen, Lovering, Maple Valley, Marchmont, Medonte, Menoke Beach, Mordolphin, Mount Stephen, Port Severn, Port Stanton, Scarlet Park, Severn Falls, Swift Rapids, Uhthoff, the Uhthoff Hunt Camp, Wilson Point and Washago.
History.
Chief John Aisance and his band of Chippewas (also known as Ojibwa) settled along the Severn River in 1830, calling the place "Gissinausebing", which means "cold water." They built a grist mill on the site in 1833, which the Native people owned until 1849. In 1835 a post office was established, and the community was called Coldwater. 
After building a sawmill in 1830, the residents also called the community Severn Mills. Around 1850, lumber from this area was being sent out on ships; the village was renamed to Port Severn in 1868. In 1875, the Georgian Bay Lumber Co. was formed, soon to become the major lumber producer in the Severn River watershed. 
Coldwater was opened to European settlement in 1836, and was incorporated as a village in 1908. Three weekly newspapers have been published in the community: the "Coldwater Planet" (1896 to 1928), the "Coldwater News" (1895 to 1956); and the "Coldwater Canadian" in 1956.
The settlement expanded rapidly over the next 20 years. In 1896, the mill was struck by lightning and burned to the ground. Since the timber supply in the area had been greatly reduced, the mill was not rebuilt and the population of the village began to decline. With the completion of the Trent–Severn Waterway in this area in 1915, economic activity shifted from lumber to tourism.
Notable people.
Glenn Howard - Curler for Team Ontario, 2007 Brier Winner, and 2007 World Curling Champion for Team Canada

</doc>
<doc id="622315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622315" title="Sepiolidae">
Sepiolidae

Sepiolidae is a family of bobtail squid encompassing 15 genera in three or four subfamilies.

</doc>
<doc id="622318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622318" title="HMS Ashanti (F117)">
HMS Ashanti (F117)

HMS "Ashanti" (F117) was a Tribal-class frigate of the Royal Navy. She was named after the Ashanti people, an ethnic group located in Ghana. The frigate was sunk as a target in 1988.
"Ashanti" was built by Yarrow, of Scotstoun, at a cost of £5,315,000 and was the first commissioned Royal Navy warship to be equipped with combined steam and gas (COSAG) engines. She was launched on 9 March 1959 and commissioned on 23 November 1961. 
See larger image of "Ashanti"
Operational Service.
1962: Malicious damaged reported aboard "Ashanti"
"Ashanti" deployed to the Caribbean for trials in 1962. There, in early October, the ship suffered a failure in her COSAG engines, forcing the frigate's return to Britain. Subsequent tests discovered that the COSAG's machinery was defective, which caused blade fracturing in the gas turbine. Hull strengthening also found to be required 
"Ashanti" was also used to trial the Westland Wasp helicopter, prior to its introduction to active service in 1964.The frigate conducted operations in the Persian Gulf and Arabian Sea for 10 months in 1963. In May 1965, "Ashanti" suffered minor damage in a collision with the Russian cargo shop "Farab" in the port of Mombassa, Kenya. 
In 1966/67 "Ashanti" was deployed on Beira Patrol. During that time she also spent a month in Aden having a gas turbine refit whilst some of the crew were seconded to the army as Britain withdrew from Aden. Given the Six Day war, the Suez being blocked, indecisiveness about whether to clear mines form the Gulf of Aqaba she headed home via The Cape of Good Hope, stopping off at Simon's Town.
In 1969 "Ashanti" embarked RM Commando detachment at Bermuda during a Black Power Conference.
In 1970, "Ashanti" deployed on Beira Patrol, which was designed to prevent oil reaching landlocked Rhodesia via the Portuguese colony of Mozambique. The following year "Ashanti" was present at the Royal Navy's withdrawal from Malta. In 1974, while returning to Britain from the Caribbean, "Ashanti" suffered two fatalities when a large wave struck the frigate.The ship was just four hours out of Bermuda on her way back to the UK, We were hit by a "freak wave" and were only a few degrees away from capsizing. The youngest member of the ships crew was swept overboard and although our helicopter was readied for a recovery, the sea swell was too great for the helicopter crew and winch man's safety. He was lost at sea. The other fatality was the oldest ships member on his last trip before retiring. He was injured severely by a dan buoy that broke loose in the event and died a short while later in the med bay. The ship returned to Bermuda to disembark the body, and for repairs to the upper deck structure. Premature reports by Bermudian radio stations sent invalid signals to UK and it was reported on national TV news channels that "Ashanti" had been sunk and lost at sea which was upsetting for many crew family members in the UK. 
Three sailors died in 1977 from carbon monoxide poisoning after a fire broke out in a boiler room. 
"Ashanti" was returned to service in 1978 following a repair and refit, and finally placed in reserve and became a Harbour Training Ship. She was sunk as a target in 1988 by the submarines "Sceptre" and "Spartan".

</doc>
<doc id="622329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622329" title="Lee Morin">
Lee Morin

Lee Miller Emile Morin (born September 9, 1952) M.D., Ph.D. is a United States Navy Captain and NASA astronaut. He flew on STS-110 in 2002.
Personal data.
Born in Manchester, New Hampshire, Morin is married with two children and three grandchildren. An amateur machinist, he enjoys math and jogging.
Experience.
After graduating from the University of New Hampshire in 1974, Morin worked at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the laboratory now known as the Media Lab. Morin matriculated at NYU School of Medicine in 1974, received a Master of Science in Biochemistry in 1978, an M.D. in 1981, and a Ph.D. in Microbiology in 1982. He then completed two years of residency training in General Surgery at the Bronx Municipal Hospital Center and at Montefiore Medical Center in The Bronx, New York City.
In 1982, Morin received a Direct Commission in the U.S. Naval Reserve. In 1983, he entered active duty and attended the Naval Undersea Medical Institute in Groton, Connecticut. He was designated as an Undersea Medical Officer in 1983. He joined the crew of the submarine at the Electric Boat Company Shipyards in Groton. He remained aboard as Medical Officer for both Blue and Gold crews until 1985 when the ship arrived at its home port in Bangor, Washington. During his tour aboard "Henry M. Jackson", Morin qualified as a Diving Medical Officer, and also received his "Dolphins" as a qualified Submarine Medical Officer.
Morin then entered Flight Surgeon training at the Naval Aerospace Medical Institute (NAMI) in Pensacola, Florida. He received his "Wings of Gold" as a Naval Flight Surgeon in 1986, and remained on the staff at NAMI as Flight Surgeon/Diving Medal Officer until 1989. While at NAMI, he received his Masters of Public Health degree from the University of Alabama at Birmingham. He then left active duty and entered private practice in occupational medicine in Jacksonville, Florida. He remained in the Naval Reserve, and drilled with the United States Marine Corps' 3rd Force Reconnaissance Company in Mobile, Alabama.
In August 1990, he was recalled to active duty during Operation Desert Shield, when he was assigned to Branch Clinic, Naval Air Station Pensacola as a Flight Surgeon. Morin volunteered to reenter active duty, and was assigned to Administrative Support Unit, Bahrain, as Diving Medical Officer/Flight Surgeon during Operation Desert Storm and during the post-war build-down period.
In 1992, Morin rejoined the staff at NAMI, initially as Special Projects Officer. He was named the Director of Warfare Specialty Programs when NAMI became Naval Aerospace and Operational Medical Institute (NAOMI). In 1995, Morin entered the Residency in Aerospace Medicine at the Naval Aerospace and Operational Medical Institute. He completed the residency in 1996.
NASA experience.
Selected as an astronaut candidate by NASA in April 1996, Morin reported to the Johnson Space Center in August 1996. Having completed two years of training and evaluation, he is qualified for flight assignment as a mission specialist. Initially assigned technical duties in the Astronaut Office Computer Support Branch, followed by the Astronaut Office Advanced Vehicles Branch. He served a one-year tour with the U.S. State Department, where he was Deputy Assistant Secretary for Health, Space, and Science. He is currently assigned to the Exploration Branch of the Astronaut Office. He is leading the rapid prototyping of the cockpit for the new Orion spacecraft, and is deputy lead of the Orion Cockpit Working Group. Morin served on the EVA crew of STS-110 (2002) and has logged over 259 hours in space, including over 14 EVA hours.
Space flight experience.
STS-110 "Atlantis" (April 8–19, 2002) was the 13th Space Shuttle mission to visit the International Space Station. Mission milestones included: the delivery and installation of the SO (S-Zero) Truss; the first time the station's robotic arm was used to maneuver spacewalkers around the station; and the first time that all of a shuttle crew's spacewalks were based from the station's Quest Airlock. Morin performed 2 EVAs totaling 14 hours and 9 minutes. The crew prepared the station for future spacewalks and spent a week in joint operations with the station's Expedition 4 crew. Mission duration was 10 days, 19 hours and 42 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="622334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622334" title="Victor American Hastings Mine Disaster">
Victor American Hastings Mine Disaster

The Victor American Hastings Mine Disaster was a fire at the Victor American Fuel Company coal mine in Hastings, Las Animas County, Colorado, on April 27, 1917, in which 121 people died. A small monument, the Victor American Hastings Mine Disaster Monument, marks the location, on County Road 44, at 37°20'N 104°36'W, about 1.5 km west of the Ludlow Monument.

</doc>
<doc id="622335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622335" title="Franco Malerba">
Franco Malerba

Franco Egidio Malerba (Ph.D.) (born October 10, 1946, in Busalla, Genoa, Italy) is an Italian astronaut. He was the first citizen of Italy to travel to space.
Married to the former Marie-Aude Némo. They have one child. Recreational interests include mountaineering, skiing, and tennis. He is fluent in Italian, English, and French.
Organizations.
Founding Member of the Italian Space Society.
Military experience.
Reserve Officer, "Marina Militare". Served in 1974-75 (Sottotenente Armi Navali); was assigned to the Destroyer San Giorgio as Science Lecturer to the Naval Academy, and then to the Mariperman Technical Center in La Spezia working on ELF transmission systems.
Other skills.
Obtained scuba diving license from the Calypso Scuba Club, Geneva (1984).
Flying status.
Obtained Private Pilot License (College Park, Washington, D.C., 1973) and then the equivalent Italian flying license.
Spaceflight experience.
After selection in 1989 as a Payload Specialist by the Italian Space Agency (ASI) and NASA, he became a staff member of ASI and was assigned to the NASA Johnson Space Center, Houston, Texas, for training. In September 1991, he was designated Prime Payload Specialist for the TSS-1 Space Shuttle mission. Malerba flew as the first Italian citizen in space on STS-46 (July 31, 1992 to August 7, 1992). He is now involved with the Italian Space Agency (ASI) manned space flight program follow-on activities.

</doc>
<doc id="622340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622340" title="Ernst Messerschmid">
Ernst Messerschmid

Prof. Dr. Ernst Willi Messerschmid (born May 21, 1945) is a German physicist and former astronaut.
Born in Reutlingen, Germany, Messerschmid finished the "Technisches Gymnasium" in Stuttgart in 1965. After two years of military service he studied physics at the University of Tübingen and Bonn, receiving diploma degree in 1972 and doctorate in 1976. From 1970 to 1975 he was also visiting scientist at the CERN in Geneva, working on proton beams in accelerators and plasmas. From 1975 to 1976 he worked at the University of Freiburg and the Brookhaven National Laboratory (New York), In 1977, he joined DESY in Hamburg to work on the beam optics of the PETRA storage ring.
From 1978 to 1982, he worked at the DFVLR (the precursor of the DLR) in the Institute of Communications Technology in Oberpfaffenhofen on space-borne communications. In 1983, he was selected as one of the astronauts for the first German Spacelab mission D-1. He flew as payload specialist on STS-61-A in 1985, spending over 168 hours in space.
After his spaceflight he became a professor at the "Institut für Raumfahrtsysteme" at the University of Stuttgart. Since 1999, he is head of the European Astronaut Center in Cologne. In January 2005, he returned to the University of Stuttgart teaching on subjects of Astronautics and Space Stations.

</doc>
<doc id="622341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622341" title="Izzard">
Izzard

Izzard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="622345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622345" title="Chiaki Mukai">
Chiaki Mukai

Mukai was selected to be an astronaut by Japanese national space agency NASDA (now called JAXA) in 1985. Prior to this, she was an assistant professor in the Department of Cardiovascular Surgery in Keio University, the oldest university in Japan.
Education.
Mukai graduated from Keio Girls Senior High School in Tokyo, in 1971. She received her doctorate in medicine, Keio University School of Medicine, 1977; a doctorate in physiology, Keio University School of Medicine, 1988; board certified as a cardiovascular surgeon, Japan Surgical Society, 1989.
Mukai is a member of the following organizations: The American Aerospace Medical Association; Japan Society of Microgravity Applications; Japan Society of Aerospace and Environmental Medicine; Japanese Society for Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgery; Japan Surgical Society.
Medical career.
Mukai has held several positions at various hospitals and institutions.
Mukai is credited with approximately sixty publications since 1979.
Astronaut career.
In 1985, Mukai was selected as one of three Japanese Payload Specialist candidates for the First Material Processing Test (Spacelab-J) which flew aboard STS-47. She also served as a back-up payload specialist for the Neurolab (STS-90) mission. Mukai has logged over 566 hours in space. She flew aboard STS-65 in 1994 and STS-95 in 1998. She is the first Japanese woman to fly in space, and the first Japanese citizen to fly twice.
As a NASDA astronaut, she was a visiting scientist at the Division of Cardiovascular Physiology, Space Biomedical Research Institute, NASA Johnson Space Center, from 1987 to 1988. Mukai has remained a Research Instructor of the Department of Surgery, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, Texas, since 1992. From 1992 to 1998 she was a visiting associate professor of the Department of Surgery, Keio University School of Medicine, Tokyo, and in 1999 was promoted to a visiting professor of the university.
On October 1, 2003, NASDA merged with ISAS (Institute of Space and Astronautical Science) and NAL (National Aerospace Laboratory of Japan) and was renamed Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA).
Mukai was assigned the deputy mission scientist for STS-107. In that capacity she coordinated science operations for this science mission. In 2009 Mukai was a visiting lecturer at the International Space University.
STS-65.
STS-65 Columbia (July 8–23, 1994) was the second International Microgravity Laboratory (IML-2) flight. The mission consisted of 82 investigations of Space Life Science (Human Physiology, Space Biology, Radiation Biology, and Bioprocessing) and Microgravity Science (Material Science, Fluid Science and Research on the Microgravity Environment and Countermeasures). IML-2 was also designated as an extended duration orbit mission focusing on medical experiments related to the cardiovascular system, autonomic nerve system, and bone and muscle metabolism. The mission was accomplished in 236 orbits of the Earth, traveling over 6.1 million miles in 353 hours and 55 minutes.
STS-95.
STS-95 Discovery (October 29 to November 7, 1998) was a nine-day mission during which the crew supported a variety of research payloads including deployment of the Spartan solar-observing spacecraft, the Hubble Space Telescope Orbital Systems Test Platform, and investigations on space flight and the aging process. The mission was accomplished in 134 Earth orbits, traveling 3.6 million miles in 213 hours and 44 minutes.
Awards and honors.
Mukai has received the following awards:
Personal life.
Chiaki Mukai, née Chiaki Naitō (内藤 千秋 "Naitō Chiaki"), was born in Tatebayashi, Gunma Prefecture, Japan. She is married to Makio Mukai, M.D., Ph.D. Her recreational interests include snow skiing, Alpine competitive skiing, bass fishing, scuba diving, tennis, golf, photography, American Literature, and traveling.
In popular culture.
In 2007, Fuji Television released a special episode of its program "A Woman's Biography". The episode is based on the biography of Mukai Chiaki and stars Miho Kanno.

</doc>
<doc id="622347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622347" title="Brian Callison">
Brian Callison

Brian Callison (born 1934) is a UK novelist known for his best-selling thrillers and sea stories. Born in Manchester, England in 1934, he was educated at the High School of Dundee, and went to sea at the age of 16 as a midshipman with the Blue Funnel Line, sailing aboard cargo ships between ports in Europe and East Asia. Callison subsequently left the sea, studied at Dundee College of Art in Scotland, and went into business. His first published novel, "A Flock of Ships", appeared in 1970 to widespread critical and popular acclaim. It became an international bestseller, and established Callison's reputation as a leading writer of sea stories. In 2008 he completed a three-year appointment as a Fellow of The Royal Literary Fund at the University of Dundee, mentoring staff and students in all aspects of practical writing.
Currently Brian continues to work with private clients as a literary consultant, career adviser and mentor at http://www.writermentoring.co.uk [http://www.writermentoring.co.uk].
Works.
Virtually all of Callison's novels are set on or near the sea, but they vary widely in plot, character, and tone. The following categorization, though hardly definitive, illustrates the diversity of his work.
"A Plague of Sailors" and its sequel "A Frenzy of Merchantmen", along with "A Web of Salvage" and "Spearfish," are straightforward present-day thrillers similar to the work of Desmond Bagley and Hammond Innes. They pit a tough, competent hero against more-numerous and better-equipped enemies that only he can stop.
"A Flock of Ships", "The Sextant", and "The Stollenberg Legacy", like several works by Duncan Kyle, are driven by a present-day hero's attempt to make sense of shadowy events that unfolded during World War II. Though characterized by violence, danger, and the uncovering of secrets, they are as much mysteries as thrillers.
"The Dawn Attack" and "The Bone Collectors" are military adventure stories set entirely in odd corners of World War II, like the work of John Harris and Nicholas Monsarrat. The former is a grimly realistic depiction of a commando raid on occupied Norway, the latter the story of a rescue ship attached to North Atlantic convoys.
"A Ship is Dying", "The Auriga Madness", "A Thunder of Crude", and "Ferry Down" are modern sea stories dealing with the last days (or hours) of doomed ships.
The five-book (to date) "Captain Trapp" series, begun by "Trapp's War", is broad farce: the adventures of the cheerfully amoral title character, his decrepit tramp steamer, and his colourfully degenerate crew. The series begins in World War II and extends into the 1990s, departing further from reality with every instalment.
Essentially, however, his "heroes" are Merchant Seamen. The lead character in the thrillers, Brevet Cable, is a Merchant Navy Mate, the present day character solving the old mysteries is again a Merchant seamen, with a personal connection to the past mystery, and the heroes of the Trapp series are Trapp himself, a Merchant Seaman and Royal Navy Reserve Officer, and the more morally bound narrator, also a Merchant Navy and Royal Navy Reserve Officer. "The Bone Collector" is a "military adventure" only in that it is set during the Battle of the North Atlantic. It is really about the ordinary people, civilians, caught up in that horrific episode. Finally, all of the others, the "doomed ships" series, reflect the author's feeling about the Merchant Navy in general.

</doc>
<doc id="622351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622351" title="Libertarian Society of Iceland">
Libertarian Society of Iceland

The Libertarian Society of Iceland () was founded in Reykjavík, Iceland, on August 10, 2002. As the name suggests it is established on the ideals of libertarianism. It is currently the only active propertarian libertarian organization in Iceland.
The society aims at promoting the values of a free-market economy and individual liberty to the Icelandic public. It does not intend to run for parliamentary elections. As a result, many of its members are active in political parties in Iceland, nearly exclusively in the Independence Party.

</doc>
<doc id="622353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622353" title="Wahta Mohawk Territory">
Wahta Mohawk Territory

Wahta Mohawk Territory is a Mohawk First Nation reserve in the District Municipality of Muskoka, Ontario, Canada. It is bounded on the west by Highway 400, a major north-south artery in the province. About one-third of the citizens of Wahta Mohawk Territory live in the community of Wahta, along District Road 38, another third live within 100 km, and the remainder live elsewhere.
The land is made up of forest and lakes typical of the rugged Canadian Shield. The territory is home to the Iroquois Cranberry Growers, which is Ontario's largest cranberry farm. Iroquois is owned and operated by the people of Wahta and welcomes visitors year round. They offer tours during harvest and have a store open year round.
Wahta Mohawk Territory was founded in 1881 when a group of Mohawks moved from the community of Kanesatake, Quebec because of political and religious strife.
"Wahta Gap".
Due to a land-claim dispute with the provincial government, the Wahta Territory, formerly known as the Gibson Reserve, prevented completion of a freeway through its land. It was consequently the site of an eight-kilometre gap in Highway 400, where the roadway remained a two-lane highway for several years after construction of the freeway was completed further north. In 2003 the government and the Mohawk Nation reached an agreement allowing freeway construction through the reserve lands. Begun in 2004, construction was completed in 2008.
Demographics.
According to the 2006 Statistics Canada Census:
"Population figures are not available because the Wahta Mohawk Territory is an Incompletely Enumerated Indian Reserve, meaning that enumeration was either not permitted or it was interrupted before it could be completed."

</doc>
<doc id="622354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622354" title="Boris Morukov">
Boris Morukov

Boris Vladimirovich Morukov (; born October 1, 1950, in Moscow, Russia) is a Russian physician at the State Research Center RF-Institute for Biomedical Problems (IBMP). He trained with the Russian Federal Space Agency as a research-cosmonaut and flew aboard NASA Space Shuttle mission STS-106 as a mission specialist.
Biography.
Morukov is married to Nina M. Morukova and they have a son (Ivan) and daughter (Olga). Morukov’s mother, Lidia F. Khromova, resides in Moscow. His father, Vladimir D. Morukov, is deceased. He enjoys reading, watching movies and cooking.
Morukov graduated from high school in 1967 and received his M.D. from the 2nd Moscow Medical Institute (now Russian State Medical University) in 1973. He joined the professorate in space, aviation and naval medicine at the Institute for Biomedical Problems in 1978 and received a Ph.D. in these disciplines in 1979.
As a cosmonaut-physician, Morukov completed medical training in cardiology, gastroenterology, otolaryngology, stomatology, ophthalmology, and cardiopulmonary resuscitation between 1989-1991. In 1995, he took an advanced course in emergency medical care. In 1996, he completed a medical training course in endocrinology and hematology.
From October 1990 to February 1992, Morukov attended a basic space-training course at Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center.
1978-1984 Researcher in the Institute for Biomedical Problems (IBMP).
1984-1988 Senior Researcher in the Institute for Biomedical Problems.
1988-1989 Chief of Department of Metabolism and Its Regulation, IBMP.
1989-1994 Cosmonaut-Researcher, Chief Laboratory of Metabolism and Immunology, IBMP.
1995-1998 Cosmonaut-Researcher, Chief Division of the State Research Center RF-Institute for Biomedical Problems.
For more than 20 years, Morukov has been involved in providing medical operations support for manned space flights. From 1979-1980 he provided medical support for the prolonged space missions on the space station "Salyut 6" as a member of the staff in Mission Control Center.
From 1982 to 1987 Boris Morukov coordinated scientific projects dedicated to the development of countermeasures to the negative metabolic changes that occur during hypokinesia and microgravity. His specific scientific interest in this area is calcium metabolism correction. He organized a series of experiments with prolonged head-down tilt, including a 370-day experiment dedicated to the experimental testing of a countermeasure complex for prolonged space flights.
Morukov participated in a joint American-Russian medical experiment on STS-60, Mir 18/STS-71 and all other Mir-NASA Project Missions. From 1995 to 1998 he served as the Human Life-Sciences Experiments Coordinator for the NASA-Mir scientific program.
Morukov has published more than 100 scientific papers and has patents for four inventions.
Spaceflight experience.
Morukov was first selected for medical-cosmonaut service in 1976. Based on his qualifications, he was continually offered medical-cosmonaut selection and was chosen as a cosmonaut-researcher in 1989. Upon completion of his basic cosmonaut-training in 1992, he became a cosmonaut-researcher in the Institute for Biomedical Problems.
From January to July 1993, Morukov completed a technical, medical and scientific training course as a cosmonaut-researcher of the cosmonaut-physician flight on-board Mir Station Project (during Mir 15-17 Missions).
From November 1997 to February 1998, he completed a regularly scheduled technical training course, which included ISS Russian-segment systems.
From August 1998 to January 1999, Morukov attended the Flight-Surgeon Training Course at Johnson Space Center.
Morukov served on the crew of STS-106 (September 8–20, 2000). The STS-106 crew successfully prepared the International Space Station for the arrival of the first permanent crew. The five astronauts and two cosmonauts delivered more than 6,600 pounds of supplies and installed batteries, power converters, a toilet and a treadmill on the Space Station. Two crew members performed a space walk in order to connect power, data and communications cables to the newly arrived Zvezda Service Module and the Space Station.
Morukov logged 11 days, 19 hours, and 10 minutes in space.
Awards and honors.
In 1989, the "Leader in Public Medical Service" award was conferred upon Boris Morukov. In 1996, he was awarded the medal "For Merits to Motherland" of the 2nd degree.

</doc>
<doc id="622361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622361" title="George Henry Peters">
George Henry Peters

George Henry Peters (1863–October 18, 1947) was a US astronomer. He died in Washington, D.C.
He worked at the U.S. Naval Observatory as an astrophotographer, discovering three asteroids and photographing the Sun's corona.

</doc>
<doc id="622363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622363" title="Eastern Hockey League">
Eastern Hockey League

The Eastern Hockey League was a minor professional United States ice hockey league.
Eastern Amateur Hockey League (1933-1953).
The league was founded in 1933 as the Eastern Amateur Hockey League (EAHL). The league was founded by Thomas Lockhart, who served as its commissioner from 1937 to 1972. Lockhart, who operated a small intramural hockey league at New York City's Madison Square Garden, offered his teams – and the use of the MSG ice – in exchange for joining the league. 
The EAHL operated between 1933-1948 and 1949-1953. The league has a somewhat tenuous existence. It began with seven teams, and had various numbers of teams, going as low as four. There was no 1948-49 season, but the league returned for the 1949-50 season with eight teams. The league again did not operate during the 1953-54 season.
Eastern Hockey League (1954-1973).
The league started back up for the 1954-55 season and changed its name to the Eastern Hockey League.
The league operated between 1954 and 1973. It began with five teams and grew into two divisions for the 1959-60 season. The league reached it peak in terms of team number in the 1967-68 when it had twelve teams in two divisions. In its final season the league had twelve teams split into three divisions.
The EHL ceased operations after the 1972-73 season, after which it was succeeded by the North American Hockey League and the Southern Hockey League, both of which consisted mostly of previous EHL teams.

</doc>
<doc id="622364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622364" title="The Archipelago">
The Archipelago

The Archipelago is a township in central Ontario, Canada, along the Georgian Bay in the District of Parry Sound.
The municipality consists of two non-contiguous parts, separated by Carling Township and the Parry Sound. The northern part includes the village of Pointe au Baril on the mainland and most of the geographic townships of Shawanaga and Harrison. This covers the islands and shoreline of Georgian Bay from the Twin Sisters (at the northern boundary of Carling Township) north to Charles Inlet and the Naiscoot River, a few miles south of Britt. The southern part consists of the geographic townships of Cowper and Conger that includes the islands and shoreline of Georgian Bay southwest of Parry Sound, from Twelve Mile Bay (at the Muskoka District boundary) to Parry Island and up the South Channel almost to the Town of Parry Sound. Almost a third of the population of the southern part lives on the islands in the Sans Souci and Copperhead area, centred around Frying Pan Island.
The township is characterized by numerous islands (hence its name) and bays that attract large amounts of vacationers and boaters in the summer. Much of its area is undeveloped and crown-owned land: in the north, 96 percent of the mainland and 50 percent of the islands remain in the public domain, and in the south, 83 percent of the mainland and 70 percent of the islands, a large part of it protected in the Massasauga Provincial Park.
History.
On January 1, 1980, the townships of Georgian Bay South Archipelago and Georgian Bay North Archipelago were formed out of unincorporated geographic townships from the Parry Sound District, primarily in order to provide proper planning in the islands and waterways of the area. These two townships were intended to be set up as one municipality but the Ontario Legislature created two townships, with a provision for their later amalgamation, if requested by the elected Councils. Soon after the formation of the townships, both councils passed identical by-laws calling for the amalgamation of the two municipalities. Therefore, the Township of the Archipelago was formed on April 1, 1980, when the townships of Georgian Bay South Archipelago and Georgian Bay North Archipelago merged.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 Statistics Canada Census:
Population trend:
Education.
The community is within the Near North District School Board.
As of 1975 Moon Island, within The Archipelago, was served by the Sugar Bay School. That year, it was one of 21 one-room schools in the province. That year there were 12 students in grades 1-8 with ages ranging from 6 to 13. At the time the closest high school to Moon Island was in Parry Sound, away from Moon Island. As of 1975 Moon Island residents who attended high school lived with relatives living in Parry Sound or stayed at boarding houses during the school year.

</doc>
<doc id="622368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622368" title="Isaac Brock (musician)">
Isaac Brock (musician)

Isaac K. Brock (born July 9, 1975) is the lead singer, guitarist, banjoist, and songwriter for the American indie rock band, Modest Mouse, as well as his side project band, Ugly Casanova. As a songwriter he is noted for wordplay and frequent use of metaphors, philosophical lyrics, themes of oppressive rural lifestyles, and certain phrases and sayings commonly used in the early to mid-20th century and in blue collar environments.
Early life.
Brock was born in Helena, Montana. During his childhood, he lived with his mother and sister in Montana and Oregon in hippie communes and churches before moving to Issaquah, Washington when Isaac was 11 years old. Brock was home-schooled for part of his school career. When his mother's house flooded three times, she was forced to move into her future husband's trailer. Brock asked to stay behind in his own room until the new home was completed. He lived in the flooded home until the house was sold. After a short period of living in a friend's basement, he moved into the "Shed" built on the land next to his mother and stepfather's trailer.
As a young boy he was raised in a Christian religious sect called the Grace Gospel church, an affiliate with the Branch Davidians. He told an interviwer from the Guardian newspaper that he was asked to speak in tongues when he was six: "I didn't feel the spirit of the fucking Lord rushing through me," he says. "I definitely felt awkward. I thought. 'What's the best way to make this stop?' So I ripped off some words from Mary Poppins and said them fast, and the deacons are going, 'Yeah, all right!'"
In 1992, when he was sixteen, Brock moved to D.C. for the summer where he met his girlfriend. Brock traveled back and forth from the East Coast to Issaquah, where he took a community-college course to get his high school diploma before moving back to D.C. and to New York's East Village. He earned a living cleaning out meat trucks, posing as a nude model for art classes and taking part in medical experiments, before eventually landing in the Seattle area. It was there that he, Eric Judy (bass) and Jeremiah Green (drums) first started practicing music together in the Shed.
Personal life.
Although many of his songs use religious themes, Brock describes himself as "not really religious at all," adding that "I'm 100 percent on the whole Christianity thing being a crock of shit, pretty much." He claims to "toy around with the whole Biblical thing," because it "just has amazing characters" and also identifies himself as "pretty much" an atheist.
He's talked about the DUIs he has gotten and cut himself onstage with a pocket knife. His songs have also addressed his substance abuse, as in "The Good Times Are Killing Me." Brock admits to past drug use, and now says that drugs are "just something I kind of have to fight... I just try and make sure that it's not around, or I'm not around it."
Brock is a former A&R man for the record label Sub Pop; his most notable accomplishment with them was signing Wolf Parade in 2004.
Brock currently resides in Portland, Oregon. But, also has an apartment in Huntington Beach, California.
Brock made a cameo appearance in season two of the sketch comedy show Portlandia. His character was shown donating records to a pre-school library.
Allegation of rape.
In March 1999, a 19-year-old woman filed a police report accusing Brock of rape. The allegations started right before Modest Mouse was to begin a nationwide tour with Seattle garage punk band Murder City Devils. The allegations led to an alleged fist fight between members of the Murder City Devils and Isaac Brock, after which Brock reportedly moved to Gainesville, Florida. Charges were never pressed, and Brock maintains his innocence. In a 2004 interview with "The A.V. Club", he stated: 
Equipment.
Brock's main guitar is custom made by Wicks Guitars. Prior to his custom, Brock mainly used a Westone Corsair XA1420, which was used to record The Lonesome Crowded West. He is also known to have occasionally used various other guitars made by companies such as Peavey, or a Fender Jag-Stang. His amps are custom made by Soursound, based on a Fender SuperSix, but are highly modified.
Glacial Pace.
In October 2005, Brock started his own record label called Glacial Pace. The label used to be a subsidiary of Epic Records, but is now independent. Its first signee was Minnesota songwriter Mason Jennings, followed by Love As Laughter, Marcellus Hall, Mimicking Birds, Morning Teleportation, and Talkdemonic.

</doc>
<doc id="622369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622369" title="Battle of Seattle">
Battle of Seattle

Battle of Seattle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="622373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622373" title="Sovereign Seven">
Sovereign Seven

Sovereign Seven is a creator-owned American comic book series, created by Chris Claremont and Dwayne Turner, and published by DC Comics.
Publication history.
Launched in April 1995, "Sovereign Seven" was created by writer Chris Claremont and artist Dwayne Turner, and was Claremont's first professional regular series work since his departure from Marvel Comics and the "X-Men" franchise in 1991. It was the first title set in the DC Universe owned by its creator instead of DC Comics.
Fictional team history.
The Sovereign Seven were a group of aliens from various planets exiled to Earth, where they battled various villains, most notably Darkseid. The original group consisted of Cascade, Finale, Rampart, Reflex, Indigo, Network and Cruiser; later, Rampart was killed off and then replaced by the DC character Power Girl.
The title met with middling success and was cancelled after 36 issues, in June 1998, after which Claremont returned to Marvel.
The main characters of Sovereign Seven were all gathered by Cascade as a mysterious force known as The Rapture destroyed their home worlds. Each of the Sovereigns were princes/princesses of their people.
For a time, the group operates out of a mysterious coffee house (the "Crossroads Coffee Bar") located where three Northeastern states meet, which is larger on the inside then it is on the outside. Many times portals open inside doorways, to areas unfamiliar or well known to the Sovereigns, who work as employees to earn their keep. The Coffee house is run by supporting characters Violet Smith and Pansy Jones, comic-book counterparts of the musical alter-egos of Emma Bull and Lorraine Garland - The Flash Girls - of whom Claremont is a fan.
One of the Coffee shops' portals take two of the Sovereigns' friends (and their cat), on a multiple-reality adventure before they are returned safely home.
Despite the group's metafictional nature, they were seen fighting a squadron of Apokolips soldiers during the "Genesis" event.
Dangers appear outside the coffee house as well. A demonic entity takes over couples, making them go on violent rampages. Hunters roam through the woods, endangering innocent people. A well-known neighbor discovers a mystical sword in his house.

</doc>
<doc id="622383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622383" title="Barbus">
Barbus

Barbus is a ray-finned fish genus in the family Cyprinidae. The type species of "Barbus" is the common barbel, first described as "Cyprinus barbus" and now named "Barbus barbus". "Barbus" is the namesake genus of the subfamily Barbinae, but given their relationships, that taxon is better included in the Cyprininae at least for the largest part (including the type species of "Barbus").
Description and uses.
Their common names – barbs and barbels – refer to the fact that most members of the genera have a pair of barbels on their mouths, which they can use to search for food at the bottom of the water.
Barbels are often fished for food; in some locations they are of commercial significance. The roe of barbels is poisonous, however. The large "Barbus" barbs are also often eaten in their native range.
At Shanhûr in Egypt, remains of a jar from the sixth to seventh century AD were unearthed which contained a bunch of fish bones. The fishes were apparently pickled to produce a dish similar to the modern "fesikh" (or "faseekh"). Among the ancient remains, barbs (perhaps "Barbus perince") were plentiful, and Egyptians in our time still consider "B. perince" good for preparing "fesikh", as it is traditionally done for the "Sham el-Nessim" (spring festival) celebrations.
The smaller barbs are in some cases traded as aquarium fish. Some are quite significant, but as a whole, the genus is not yet as well represented in aquaria as the Southeast Asian "Puntius".
One species, "Barbus microbarbis" from Rwanda, is known to have gone extinct in recent times. Several others are only known from the type specimens, and their status and continuing existence must be confirmed. As many of these are from Lake Victoria, which underwent massive ecological upheaval after Nile perch ("Lates nilosus") were introduced, it may well be that some of them have not survived, either.
Systematics and taxonomy.
"Barbus" has a long history as a "wastebin genus". Historically, most fish commonly known as "barbs" were usually placed here by default. More recently, many "barbs" have been reclassified into genera such as "Barbichthys", "Barbodes", "Barboides", "Barbonymus" (tinfoils), "Barbopsis", "Caecobarbus", "Capoeta", "Carasobarbus", "Clypeobarbus", "Hypselobarbus", "Hypsibarbus", "Labeobarbus" (yellowfishes), "Leptobarbus", "Luciobarbus", "Mesopotamichthys", "Messinobarbus", "Poropuntius", "Probarbus", "Pseudobarbus" (redfins), "Puntioplites" and "Puntius" (spotted barbs, commonly kept in aquaria).
Thus, "Barbus" is for the time being restricted to the typical barbels and barbs, and only contains fishes from Africa and Europe, as well as adjacent Asia. However, the genus even in the reduced version is probably paraphyletic, and many African species (particularly the small ones) do not seem to belong here either. Eventually, "Barbus" is likely to be restricted to the group around "B. barbus" – the large European to Ponto-Caspian species commonly known as "barbels". "Luciobarbus" and particularly "Messinobarbus" are highly similar and might better be included in "Barbus" again. They all seem to be close relatives – perhaps the closest living relatives – of the Dalmatian barbelgudgeon ("Aulopyge huegelii"). "Carasobarbus" and "Labeobarbus" are probably closely related to this group, too, and some large hexaploid barbs (e.g. "B. reinii") presently placed in the present genus may well belong in "Labeobarbus".
The small barbs from Africa, by contrast, are quite distinct. They might even warrant establishment of a new subfamily – in particular if the Labeoninae are not included in the Cyprinae –, as they seem to be as distinct from barbels and typical carps, as these are from the garras (which are part of the disputed Labeoninae), rendering the old "Barbinae" paraphyletic. Within the small African barbs, several linages can be recognized. These are mostly diploid; a tetraploid group largely restricted to southern Africa is very close to "Pseudobarbus" and might even be included therein. In particular, the group called "redfins" may well be monophyletic and belong in "Pseudobarbus" entirely, instead of being split between that genus and "Barbus", as is presently done.
Species.
There are currently 311 recognized species in this genus:
Jubb, 1965 – gorgeous barb in Barbus by IUCN in error, actually Clypeobarbus. "Barbus bellcrossi" article might be created by bot; check periodically and correct. -->
Fossil species.
There is a fossil species "(Barbus megacephalus" Günther, 1876) known from the Paleogene Sipang Fauna of Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="622384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622384" title="Seguin, Ontario">
Seguin, Ontario

Seguin is a township in central Ontario, Canada, in the District of Parry Sound.
History.
The Township of Seguin was created by Minister's Order, dated May 8, 1997. Pursuant to this Order, the Township of Seguin became a newly incorporated municipality, effective January 1, 1998.
The Township of Seguin is the amalgamated municipality of the former Townships of Christie, Foley and Humphrey, and the Village of Rosseau as well as an annexation of the western portion of the unorganized Township of Monteith.
The township.
The Township of Seguin is the most southerly municipality in the District of Parry Sound. It is also the first municipality in Northern Ontario in the Highways 69 and 400 corridor.
The township includes the communities of Black Road, Brignall, Dockmure, Dock Siding, Falding, Gordon Bay, Haines Lake, Hamer Bay, Hayes Corners, Holmur, Horseshoe Lake, Humphrey, Lake Joseph, Orrville, Otter Lake, Port Cockburn, Rose Point, Rosseau, Rosseau Road, Seguin Falls, South Parry, Stanley House, Swords and Turtle Lake.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 Statistics Canada Census:

</doc>
<doc id="622385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622385" title="Kent Hance">
Kent Hance

Kent Ronald Hance (born November 14, 1942) is the current and retiring Chancellor of the Texas Tech University System. In his role, he oversees Texas Tech University, Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center and Angelo State University in San Angelo, Texas. He is also a lobbyist and lawyer who was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from West Texas, having served from 1979 to 1985. After his congressional service, he switched to the Republican Party. 
In 2006, Hance was chosen as the third chancellor to succeed David Smith as the chancellor of the Texas Tech University System in Lubbock. He is taking a leave of absence from his Austin law firm Hance Scarborough, LLP but continues to sit on profit and nonprofit boards and commissions while at the helm of Texas Tech. The "Lubbock Avalanche-Journal" quoted Texas Tech board chairman Rick Francis: 
Early years and election to Congress.
Hance obtained his Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Texas Tech in 1965 where he was also a member of Delta Tau Delta, which he served as president. He also served as the Student Government Association Vice-President. 
He later attended the University of Texas School of Law. During his time as a law student, he was the Student Bar Association President and chosen as recipient of the Counsel Award. After law school, he was admitted to the Texas bar and in 1968 became a practicing attorney in Lubbock. During this period, he was also a law professor at Texas Tech from 1968 until 1973.
In 1974, Hance ran for the Texas Senate and defeated incumbent H.J. "Doc" Blanchard in the 1974 primary. His campaign at the beginning seemed doomed to failure, but Hance quickly made connection with voters in the sprawling West Texas district. 
He served in the state senate from 1975 to 1979. After winning the 1978 Democratic primary nomination for the Lubbock-based 19th Congressional District, he defeated the Republican nominee George W. Bush of Midland. The seat, which was based in Lubbock, had been held since inception by popular Democrat George H. Mahon, long-time chairman of the House Appropriations Committee (the 19th included most of the Permian Basin at the time). Bush won the Republican nomination in a hard-fought but low-turnout runoff primary against the 1976 party nominee, Jim Reese, former mayor of Odessa in Ector County.
As a Democratic member of Congress during 1979–1985, Hance was a member of the "boll-weevil" conservatives. As such, he became one of President Ronald Reagan's allies and carried his tax-cut, the nation's largest tax cut, in 1981.
The 19th Congressional District had long been one of the more conservative areas of Texas (it hasn't supported a Democrat for president since 1964). Although the 19th had begun voting in landslides for Republicans at the national level, conservative Democrats continued to represent much of the region at the state level until 1994. Hance claimed Bush was "not a real Texan" because of his privileged upbringing and Yale education. Hance won by seven points—the only time that the future 43rd President of the United States was ever defeated in an election. 
Hance was reelected two times. His voting record was very conservative even by Texas Democratic standards; he compiled a lifetime rating of 72 from the American Conservative Union. He did not run for a fourth term in 1984, opting instead to seek the Democratic nomination for the Senate seat being vacated by the retiring John Tower. Hance announced within hours of Tower's withdrawal that he would run for the Senate. He was very narrowly defeated—by only 273 votes—by State Senator Lloyd Doggett of Austin, who was later a long-term Democratic congressman. Hance had received a great deal of support from conservative Republicans who crossed party lines to vote for him in the race, since Hance had run on a conservative platform. Hance proceeded to endorse Doggett in the general election, which rankled many of the conservative Republicans who had crossed party lines to vote for him. Doggett went on to lose to Republican nominee Phil Gramm. Geography also played a role in Hance's loss to Doggett; with exception of Lyndon Baines Johnson, no one from west of San Antonio has ever represented Texas in the U.S. Senate. Hance was succeeded in the U.S. House by a young Republican, Larry Combest, a former aide to Tower.
Hance switches parties.
Hance switched parties from Democratic to Republican in 1985. In 1986, he unsuccessfully sought the Republican gubernatorial nomination. Instead, the Republicans called former Governor Bill Clements out of retirement for the right to challenge Democratic Governor Mark White. In 1988, Hance was a Texas delegate to his first ever Republican National Convention, which met in New Orleans.
In 1987, Clements appointed his former intraparty rival Hance to a vacancy on the Texas Railroad Commission. 
In 1988, Hance was elected as a Republican to the commission on the coattails of presidential nominee George H.W. Bush, the father of George W. Bush whom Hance had defeated in the 1978 election for the 19th Congressional District. He left the Railroad Commission in 1990, once again to seek the Republican nomination for governor but was heavily defeated in the primary by controversial Midland businessman Clayton Williams. In the primary against Williams, Hance finished second but with only 15 percent of the ballots.
Hance donated money to George W. Bush's campaign for Governor of Texas in 1993.
Kent R. Hance Chapel.
On May 1, 2011, Texas Tech University announced that Kent Hance provided the largest gift, $1.75 million, toward the $3 million privately funded non-denominational campus chapel, named the Kent R. Hance Chapel.
Awards.
In 1985, Hance received the Texas Tech Alumni Association Distinguished Alumni Award. 
In 2009, Hance received the South Plains Council Boy Scouts of America John F. Lott Distinguished Citizen Award.
In 2009-2010, Hance received the Outstanding Texas State Leader Award at the Annual Texas Leadership Forum, presented by the John Ben Shepperd Public Leadership Institute. Additionally, Hance received the Hope Award from the National Multiple Sclerosis Society West Texas Chapter in April 2010.
Retirement.
After raising $1.69 billion in funds for Texas Tech, Hance announced on October 13, 2013, that he will step down as chancellor at some time in 2014. The regents voted to name him chancellor-emeritus upon his retirement. His contract expires in December 2013 but he will continue in the position for an undetermined number of months thereafter. Hance has residences in both Austin and Lubbock. 

</doc>
<doc id="622388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622388" title="Levin">
Levin

Levin may refer to:
In people:
In places:
In automobiles:
In business:
In fiction:

</doc>
<doc id="622396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622396" title="Dwayne Turner">
Dwayne Turner

Dwayne Turner was born in Brooklyn, New York and began his career as a comic book artist during the end of high school.
Turner got his start at Marvel Comics on various titles such as "Transformers", "Wolverine" and "Avengers Spotlight". In 1995, he co-created the title "Sovereign Seven" for DC Comics with writer Chris Claremont. He has also worked on Todd McFarlane's "Spawn" titles. More recently he was the penciller on Wildstorm's "The Authority".

</doc>
<doc id="622402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622402" title="Australia Post">
Australia Post

Australia Post provides postal services in Australia and its overseas territories. "Australia Post" is the trading name, Australian Postal Corporation (formerly the Australian Postal Commission) is the Australian Government-owned entity responsible for the services.
History.
The first Postmaster of New South Wales was an ex-convict, Isaac Nichols, who took the post in 1809 operating from his home in George Street, Sydney. His main job was to take charge of letters and parcels arriving by ship, to avoid the chaos of people rushing onto the ships as soon as they arrived at Sydney's wharves.
The Postal Act of 1825 allowed the governor to fix postage rates and appoint Postmasters outside Sydney, enabling the first organised postal service.
Postal services grew throughout the Australian colonies as they were established.
A regular overland service between Sydney and Melbourne, Victoria began in 1838, as did embossed covers (the world's second, after William Dockwra established the London Penny Post in 1680) prepaid postage , and by 1849 uniform postal rates were established by agreement between the colonies. Monthly steamship sea mail to the United Kingdom was established in 1856. The separate colonies joined the Universal Postal Union in 1891.
In 1901, the colonial mail systems were merged into the Postmaster-General's Department (or PMG). This body was responsible for telegraph and domestic telephone operations as well as postal mail. The world's first large-scale mechanical mail sorting system was introduced in Australia (according to Australia Post), and operational in the Sydney GPO in 1967. This coincided with the introduction of the current system of 4-digit Postcodes in Australia.
On 1 July 1975, separate government commissions were created to undertake the operational responsibilities of the PMG. One of these was the Australian Postal Commission, trading as Australia Post. It later changed its name to the Australian Postal Corporation on 1 January 1989 when it was corporatised, although it still trades as Australia Post.
Under amendments to the APC Act that came into effect in March 2008, quarantine inspection officers from a prescribed state or territory are authorised to request Australia Post to open for inspection packets and parcels sent from interstate which they believe may contain quarantine material. The legislation also authorised Australia Post to remove from the mail stream articles that are suspected of being scam mail.
On 26 June 2009, Australia Post celebrated its 200th anniversary.
Future Ready Strategy (2010–present).
In February 2010, Ahmed Fahour was appointed MD and CEO of Australia Post. In May 2010, he announced a new strategy dubbed "Future Ready" designed to reinvigorate Australia Post. This included a new organisation structure as well as a renewed foray into digital businesses under the "eServices" Strategic Business Unit.
Current activities.
Over the last 15 years, Australia Post has broadened its product and service range and invested in major technology-based infrastructure programs. Today, it operates in three core areas: letters and associated services; retail merchandise and agency services; and parcels and logistics. It offers delivery services, retail products, financial services (such as bill payment and banking through its retail network), logistics and fulfilment services, and direct marketing and database management services. It also has a number of subsidiaries and joint ventures, including Sai Cheng Logistics International – a joint-venture logistics company established with China Post in 2005.
Australia Post operates normal mail delivery as well as an express/courier service through Messenger Post.
Australia Post is a government business enterprise. It is self-funding and uses its assets and resources to earn profits, which can be reinvested in the business or returned as dividends to its sole shareholder, the Commonwealth Government. Under its community service obligations, Australia Post is committed to providing an accessible, affordable and reliable letter service for all Australians wherever they reside. The corporation reaches more than 10 million Australian addresses; operates 6,990 postal outlets; and serves more than a million customers in postal outlets every business day.
Under the Australian Postal Corporation Act 1989, letters up to 250 grams are reserved to Australia Post – other people and businesses can only carry them if they charge four times the basic postage rate. All of the other goods and services provided by Australia Post are sold in fully competitive markets and, in 2005–06, nearly 90 per cent of the corporation’s profit (from ordinary activities before net interest and tax) came from selling products and services in competitive markets.
Organisational structure and information.
Employment.
Empty cells have no data available for that year. All results as at 30 June of the year indicated.
An index of all annual reports can be found here: http://auspost.com.au/about-us/annual-reports.html
Source: Australia Post Employee profile
Facts and statistics.
Nationwide there are 7,950 postal routes serviced by 10,000 "posties". Motorcycles (like the iconic Honda CT110) are used for delivery for around 6,600 routes, bicycles for 350 routes and walking for 1,000 routes. Electric bikes are also being trialled. Cars are only used for the very longest routes. Until the 1960s the longest, and the world's longest, overland mail route was Meekatharra to Marble Bar, Western Australia. As there were few roads a round trip took seven days. The current longest overland route is Norseman, Western Australia to Border Village, South Australia: . The longest air service delivers to remote communities in the outback covering over two days.
The most isolated postbox is located on a dive platform on the Great Barrier Reef, Queensland.
The most isolated Post Office is located from Onslow, Western Australia, from the nearest customer.
From the 2009–10 Annual Report:
In 2013, Australian Post had a loss rate of approximate 4%.
Products and services.
Australia Post operates in three core markets: letters and associated services; agency services and retail merchandise; and parcels and logistics that span both domestic and international markets.
Letters and associated services.
Australia Post collects, processes and distributes letters for the entire Australian community and between Australia and other countries overseas. It also offers bulk mail delivery services for businesses and community organisations and provides research, advice, consumer list rental, and profiling and segmentation services to help businesses target their objectives and customers, along with other associated services.
Postal services.
While postal services of letters and parcels are one of the original areas of Australia Post, it has also diversified its operations into the provision of other services including agency services, business-to-business integration and logistics and supply chain management (see below).
Postage rate.
Basic domestic.
The basic postage rate for a small letter has increased over the years due to inflation but influenced in recent years by a complex interplay between Australia Post's monopoly over small items, and need to provide service to all Australian addresses at the mandated basic rate.
In July 2009, Australia Post requested the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) to approve a stamp price rise in 2010 to 60 cents but the ACCC declined the approval of the price rise, however in April 2010, Australia Post resubmitted the proposed postal stamp rise. The ACCC approved this request on 28 May 2010 and it was published in the Government Gazette on 9 June 2010.
In December 2013, due to the heavy decline in mail usage due to competition from email, etc., Australia Post requested an increase in the base rate to 70c.
Large letters.
Since about 2005, larger letters have been charged a round multiple of the base postage rate, which is helpful to customers if they do not have stocks of the more expensive stamps.
Agency services and retail merchandise.
Agency services: Australia Post provides third-party agency services that connect consumers, businesses and government bodies such as bill payment services, banking services and identity services. Australia Post also offers personal finance products, such as car and travel insurance and currency conversion.
Retail Merchandise: A variety of complementary products, packaging products, collectibles and post office boxes and locked bags are offer across the vast network of Australia Post outlets in Australia.
Digital Services.
In 2011 Australia Post announced the launch of its Digital Mailbox. The service will allow businesses, government entities and customers to communicate through a secure online portal. The service provides secure digital delivery service to see and action all their transaction mail. The secure digital vault will allow consumers to store important documents and will be available on mobile and desktop. Australia Post Digital MailBox is announced to launch in October 2012 
Criticism.
Australia Post has had a long and difficult relationship with the Communication Workers Union. The union has claimed that contractors provide a poor parcel delivery service, with a newspaper reporting anecdotes of unsatisfactory performance during the peak Christmas period, including a propensity to insert "delivery failure" cards into mailboxes rather than attempting delivery of packages, thus requiring the customer to travel to their local post office to collect items personally.
However, these delivery drivers are usually contractors as opposed to actual auspost employees.
Letter boxes.
Letter boxes for houses and units (condominium) are mostly standard items bought from hardware stores.
Letter boxes for farms and sparsely located rural houses are often made from say 44 gallon barrels, and decorated to look like animals and somesuch. Such boxes used to numbered using the Rural Mail Box system, but they are now numbered according to distance travelled on a main road. Rural letter boxes are located on the road and not the farm.

</doc>
<doc id="622404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622404" title="List of thriller writers">
List of thriller writers

This is a list of thriller or suspense novelists.
Note that some of these may overlap with authors of crime, mystery or spy fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="622406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622406" title="Datong (disambiguation)">
Datong (disambiguation)

Datong (大同市) is a prefecture-level city in Shanxi province, China.
Datong (pinyin) or Tatung (Wade-Giles) may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="622410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622410" title="Solo Avengers">
Solo Avengers

Solo Avengers was an American comic book series, published by Marvel Comics, and was a spin-off from the company's superhero team title "Avengers". It ran for 20 issues (December 1987 - July 1989) until it was renamed Avengers Spotlight with issue #21 (August 1989). The series was cancelled as of issue #40 (January 1991).
The format of the title was usually two stories, one featuring the character Hawkeye, and the other a back-up strip showcasing a current or former member of the Avengers. With issue #35, the format changed to exclusively focus on one full-length story.
Avengers: Solo.
In October 2011, a five-part limited series titled Avengers: Solo was released following the same format as "Solo Avengers". Once again, the central story, written by Jen Van Meter and illustrated by Roger Robinson, starred Hawkeye with the cast of "Avengers Academy", by Jim McCann and Clayton Harris, providing the back-up story.

</doc>
<doc id="622411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622411" title="Growth hormone treatment">
Growth hormone treatment

Growth hormone treatment refers to the use of growth hormone (GH) as a prescription medication—it is one form of hormone therapy. Growth hormone is a peptide hormone secreted by the pituitary gland that stimulates growth and cell reproduction. In the past, growth hormone was extracted from human pituitary glands. GH is now produced by recombinant DNA technology and is prescribed for a variety of reasons. GH therapy has been a focus of social and ethical controversies for 50 years.
This article describes the history of GH treatment, current uses and risks arising from GH use. Other articles describe GH physiology, diseases of GH excess (acromegaly and pituitary gigantism), deficiency, the recent phenomenon of HGH controversies, growth hormone in sports, and growth hormone for cows.
Medical uses.
HGH deficiency in children.
Growth hormone deficiency is treated by replacing GH. All GH prescribed in North America, Europe, and most of the rest of the world is a human GH, manufactured by recombinant DNA technology. As GH is a large peptide molecule, it must be injected into subcutaneous tissue or muscle to get it into the blood. Nearly painless insulin syringes make this less trying than is usually anticipated, but perceived discomfort is a subjective value.
When treated with GH, a deficient child will begin to grow faster within months. Other benefits may be noticed, such as increased strength, progress in motor development, and reduction of body fat. Side-effects of this type of physiologic replacement are quite rare.
Still, costs of treatment in terms of money, effort, and perhaps quality of life are substantial. Treatment of children usually involves daily injections of growth hormone, usually for as long as the child is growing. Lifelong continuation may be recommended for those most severely deficient as adults. Most pediatric endocrinologists monitor growth and adjust dose every 3–4 months. Assessing the psychological value of treatment is difficult, but most children and families are enthusiastic once the physical benefits begin to be seen. Treatment costs vary by country and by size of child, but $US 10,000 to 30,000 a year is common.
Little except the cost of treating severely deficient children is controversial, and most children with severe growth hormone deficiency in the developed world are offered treatment. Most accept. The story is very different for adult deficiency.
HGH deficiency in adults.
The Endocrine Society has recommended that adult patients diagnosed with grown hormone deficiency (GHd) be administered an individualized GH treatment regimen. With respect to diagnosis, their guidelines state that "adults patients with structural hypothalamic/pituitary disease, surgery or irradiation in these areas, head trauma, or evidence of other pituitary hormone deficiencies be considered for evaluation for acquired GHd" and that "idiopathic GHd in adults is very rare, and stringent criteria are necessary to make this diagnosis. Because in the absence of suggestive clinical circumstances there is a significant false-positive error rate in the response to a single GH stimulation test, we suggest the use of two tests before making this diagnosis."
GH replacement therapy can provide a number of measurable benefits to GH-deficient adults. These include improved bone density. increased Muscle mass, decrease of adipose tissue, faster hair and nail growth, strengthened immune system, increased circulatory system, and improved blood lipid levels, but long term mortality benefit has not yet been demonstrated.
A peer-review article published in 2010 indicates that "Growth hormone (GH) replacement unequivocally benefits growth, body composition, cardiovascular risk factors and quality of life. Less is known about the effects of GH on learning and memory."
Other.
As of 2004, GH has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for treatment of other conditions:
Adverse effects.
The New England Journal of Medicine published two editorials in 2003 expressing concern about off-label uses of HGH and the proliferation of advertisements for "HGH-Releasing" dietary supplements, and emphasized that there is no evidence that use of HGH in healthy adults or in geriatric patients is safe and effective - and especially emphasized that risks of long-term HGH treatment are unknown. One editorial was by Jeffrey M. Drazen, M.D., the editor-in-chief of the journal; the other one was by Dr. Mary Lee Vance, who provided the NEJM's editorial original, cautious comment on a much cited 1990 study on the use of HGH in geriatric patients with low growth hormone levels.
A small but controlled study of GH given to severely ill adults in an intensive care unit setting for the purpose of increasing strength and reducing the muscle wasting of critical illness showed a higher mortality rate for the patients having received GH. The reason is unknown, but GH is now rarely used in ICU patients unless they have severe growth hormone deficiency.
GH treatment usually decreases insulin sensitivity, but some studies showed no evidence for increased diabetes incidence in GH-treated adult hypopituitary patients.
In past it was believed that GH treatment could increase the cancer risk; a large study recently concluded that "With relatively short follow-up, the overall primary cancer risk in 6840 patients receiving GH as adults was not increased. Elevated SIRs (which is risk of getting cancer) were found for subgroups in the USA cohort defined by age <35 years or childhood onset GH deficiency."
The FDA issued a Safety Alert in August 2011, communicating the fact that a French study found that persons with certain kinds of short stature (idiopathic growth hormone deficiency and idiopathic or gestational short stature) treated with recombinant human growth hormone during childhood and who were followed over a long period of time, were at a small increased risk of death when compared to individuals in the general population of France.
History.
Perhaps the most famous person who exemplified the appearance of untreated congenital growth hormone deficiency was Charles Sherwood Stratton (1838–1883), who was exhibited by P.T. Barnum as General Tom Thumb, and married Lavinia Warren. Pictures of the couple show the typical adult features of untreated severe growth hormone deficiency. Despite the severe shortness, limbs and trunks are proportional.
Like many other nineteenth-century medical terms that lost precise meaning as they gained wider currency, “midget,” as a term for someone with extreme proportional shortness, acquired pejorative connotations and is no longer used in medical contexts.
By the middle of the twentieth century, endocrinologists understood the clinical features of growth hormone deficiency. GH is a protein hormone, like insulin, which had been purified from pig and cow pancreases for treatment of type 1 diabetes since the 1920s. However, pig and cow GH did not work at all in humans, due to greater species-to-species variation of molecular structure (i.e., insulin is considered more "evolutionarily conserved" than GH).
Extraction for treatment.
Extracted growth hormone was used since the late 1950s until the late 1980s when its use was replaced by recombinant GH.
In the late 1950s, Maurice Raben purified enough GH from human pituitary glands to successfully treat a GH-deficient boy. A few endocrinologists began to help parents of severely GH-deficient children to make arrangements with local pathologists to collect human pituitary glands after removal at autopsy. Parents would then contract with a biochemist to purify enough growth hormone to treat their child. Few families could manage such a complicated undertaking.
In 1960, the National Pituitary Agency was formed as a branch of the U.S. National Institutes of Health. The purpose of this agency was to supervise the collection of human pituitary glands when autopsies were performed, arrange for large-scale extraction and purification of GH, and distribute it to a limited number of pediatric endocrinologists for treating GH-deficient children under research protocols. Canada, UK, Australia, New Zealand, France, Israel, and other countries establish similar government-sponsored agencies to collect pituitaries, purify GH, and distribute it for treatment of severely GH-deficient children.
Supplies of this “cadaver growth hormone” were limited, and only the most severely deficient children were treated. From 1963 to 1985 about 7700 children in the U.S. and 27,000 children worldwide were given GH extracted from human pituitary glands to treat severe GH deficiency. Physicians trained in the relatively new specialty of pediatric endocrinology provided most of this care, but in the late 1960s there were only a hundred of these physicians in a few dozen of the largest university medical centers around the world.
In 1976, physicians became aware that Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease could be transmitted by neurosurgical procedures and cornea transplantation. CJD is a rapidly fatal dementing disease of the brain also known as spongiform encephalopathy, related to “mad cow disease”.
In 1977, the NPA GH extraction and purification procedure was refined and improved.
A shortage of available cadaver GH worsened in the late 1970s as the autopsy rate in the U.S. declined, while the number of pediatric endocrinologists able to diagnose and treat GH deficiency increased. GH was "rationed." Often, treatment would be stopped when a child reached an arbitrary minimal height, such as . Children who were short for reasons other than severe GH deficiency were lied to and told that they would not benefit from treatment. Only those pediatric endocrinologists that remained at university medical centers with departments able to support a research program had access to NPA growth hormone.
In the late 1970s, a Swedish pharmaceutical company, Kabi, contracted with a number of hospitals in Europe to buy pituitary glands for the first commercial GH product, Crescormon. Although an additional source of GH was welcomed, Crescormon was greeted with ambivalence by pediatric endocrinologists in the United States. The first concern was that Kabi would begin to purchase pituitaries in the U.S., which would quickly undermine the NPA, which relied on a donation system like blood transfusion. As the number of autopsies continued to shrink, would pathologists sell pituitaries to a higher bidder? The second offense was Kabi-Pharmacia’s marketing campaign, which was directed at primary care physicians under the slogan, “Now, you determine the need,” implying that the services of a specialist were not needed for growth hormone treatment anymore and that any short child might be a candidate for treatment. Although the Crescormon controversy in the U.S. is long forgotten, Kabi’s pituitary purchase program continued to generate scandal in Europe as recently as 2000.
Recombinant human growth hormone (rHGH).
In 1981, the new American corporation Genentech, after collaboration with Kabi, developed and started trials of recombinant human growth hormone (rHGH) made by a new technology (recombinant DNA) in which human genes were inserted into bacteria so that they could produce unlimited amounts of the protein. Because this was new technology, approval was deferred as lengthy safety trials continued over the next four years.
In 1985, four young adults in the U.S. having received NPA growth hormone in the 1960s developed CJD (Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease). The connection was recognized within a few months, and use of human pituitary GH rapidly ceased. Between 1985 and 2003, a total of 26 cases of CJD occurred in adults having received NPA GH before 1977 (out of 7700), comparable numbers of cases occurred around the world. By 2003 there had been no cases in people who received only GH purified by the improved 1977 methods.
Discontinuation of human cadaver growth hormone led to rapid Food and Drug Administration approval of Genentech’s recombinant human growth hormone, which was introduced in 1985 as Protropin in the United States. Although this previously scarce commodity was suddenly available in “bucketfuls,” the price of treatment (US$10,000–30,000 per year) was the highest at the time. Genentech justified it by the prolonged research and development investment, orphan drug status, and a pioneering post-marketing surveillance registry for tracking safety and effectiveness (National Cooperative Growth Study).
Within a few years, GH treatment had become “big business” in more than one sense. Eli Lilly launched a competing natural sequence growth hormone (Humatrope). Pharmacia (formerly Kabi, now Pfizer) introduced Genotropin. Novo Nordisk introduced Norditropin. Serono (now EMD Serono) introduced Saizen and Serostim and Serostim. Ferring has introduced Zomacton. Genentech eventually introduced another HGH product, Nutropin, and stopped making Protropin in 2004. Price competition has begun. Teva, which is primarily a generics company, has introduced Tev-tropin. Chinese companies have entered the market as well and have introduced more pricing competition: NeoGenica BioScience Ltd. introduced Hypertropin/; GeneScience Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. has introduced Jintropin; Anhui Anke Biotechnology has introduced Ansomone. (There are reports of a product called Fintropin sold by the Chinese biotech firm, Kexing, but as of December 2011, their website does not report that they produce rHGH.) These are all recombinant human growth hormone products and they have competed with various marketing strategies. Most children with severe deficiency in the developed world are now likely to have access to a pediatric endocrinologist and be diagnosed and offered treatment.
Pediatric endocrinology became a recognizable specialty in the 1950s, but did not reach board status in the U.S. until the late 1970s. Even 10 years later, as a cognitive, procedureless specialty dealing with mostly rare diseases, it was one of the smallest, lowest-paid, and more obscure of the medical specialities. Pediatric endocrinologists were the only physicians interested in the arcana of GH metabolism and children’s growth , but their previously academic arguments took on new practical significance with major financial implications.
The major scientific arguments dated back to the days of GH scarcity:
It was the ethical questions that were new. Is GH not a wise use of finite healthcare resources, or is the physician’s primary responsibility to the patient? If GH is given to most extremely short children to make them taller, will the definition of “extremely short” simply rise, negating the expected social benefit? If GH is given to short children whose parents can afford it, will shortness become a permanent mark of lower social origins? More of these issues are outlined in the ethics section. Whole meetings were devoted to these questions; pediatric endocrinology had become a specialty with its own bioethics issues.
Despite the price, the 1990s became an era of experimentation to see what else growth hormone could help. The medical literature of the decade contains hundreds of reports of small trials of GH use in nearly every type of growth failure and shortness imaginable. In most cases, the growth responses were modest. For conditions with a large enough potential market, more rigorous trials were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies that were making growth hormone to achieve approval to market for those specific indications. Turner syndrome and chronic renal failure were the first of these “nonGH-deficient causes of shortness” to receive FDA approval for GH treatment, and Prader-Willi syndrome and intrauterine growth retardation followed. Similar expansion of use occurred in Europe.
One obvious potential market was adult GH deficiency. By the mid-1990s, several GH companies had sponsored or publicized research into the quality of life of adults with severe GH deficiency. Most were people having been treated with GH in childhood for severe deficiency. Although the injections are painless, many of them had been happy to leave injections behind as they reached final heights in the low-normal range. However, as adults in their 30s and 40s, these people, who had been children with growth hormone deficiency, were now adults with growth hormone deficiency and had more than their share of common adult problems: reduced physical, mental, and social energy, excess adipose and diminished muscle, diminished libido, poor bone density, higher cholesterol levels, and higher rates of cardiovascular disease. Research trials soon confirmed that a few months of GH could improve nearly all of these parameters. However, despite marketing efforts, most GH-deficient adults remain untreated.
Though GH use was slow to be accepted among adults with GH deficiency, similar research to see if GH treatment could slow or reverse some of the similar effects of aging attracted much public interest. The most publicized trial was reported by Daniel Rudman in 1990. As with other types of hormone supplementation for aging (testosterone, estrogen, DHEA), confirmation of benefit and accurate understanding of risks has been only slowly evolving.
There are always entrepreneurs who do not need much evidence to see a business opportunity. In 1997, Ronald Klatz of the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine published "Grow Young With HGH: The Amazing Medically Proven Plan To Reverse the Effects Of Aging", an uncritical touting of GH as the answer to aging. This time, the internet amplified the proposition and spawned a hundred frauds and scams. However, their adoption of the "HGH" term has provided an easy way to distinguish the hype from the evidence. In 2003, growth hormone hit the news again, when the US FDA granted Eli Lilly approval to market Humatrope for the treatment of idiopathic short stature. The indication was controversial for several reasons, the primary one being the difficulty in defining extreme shortness with normal test results as a disease rather than the extreme end of the normal height range
Recombinant growth hormone available in the U.S. (and their manufacturers) included "Nutropin" (Genentech), "Humatrope" (Eli Lilly and Company), "Genotropin" (Pfizer), "Norditropin" (Novo Nordisk), "Tev-Tropin" (Teva) and "Saizen" (Merck Serono). The products are nearly identical in composition, efficacy, and cost, varying primarily in the formulations and delivery devices.
Terminology.
Growth hormone (GH l) is also called somatotropin (British: somatotrophin). The human form of growth hormone is known as human growth hormone, or hGH (ovine growth hormone, or sheep growth hormone, is abbreviated oGH). GH can refer either to the natural hormone produced by the pituitary (somatotropin), or biosynthetic GH for therapy.
Cadaver growth hormone is the term for GH extracted from the pituitary glands of human cadavers between 1960 and 1985 for therapy of deficient children. In the U.S., cadaver GH, also referred to as NPA growth hormone, was provided by the National Pituitary Agency, and by other national programs and commercial firms as well. In 1985 it was associated with the development of Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease, and was withdrawn from use.
rHGH refers to recombinant human growth hormone (somatropin). Its amino acid sequence is identical with that of endogenous human GH.
It is coincidental that rHGH also refers to rhesus monkey GH, using the accepted naming convention. Rhesus growth hormone was never used by physicians to treat human patients, but rhesus GH was part of the lore of the underground anabolic steroid community in those years, and fraudulent versions may have been bought and sold in gyms.
met-GH refers to methionyl-growth hormone. This was the first recombinant GH product marketed (Protropin by Genentech). It had the same amino acid sequence as human GH with an extra methionine at the end of the chain to facilitate the manufacturing process. It was discontinued in 2004.
rBST refers to recombinant bovine somatropin (cow growth hormone), or recombinant bovine GH (rbGH).

</doc>
<doc id="622413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622413" title="Ta-Tung">
Ta-Tung

Ta-Tung is a Catalan food company founded in 1980 dedicated to the production of precooked dishes inspired by oriental cuisine. Its headquarters are in the town of L'Hospitalet de Llobregat province of Barcelona (Spain).
The company, founded and directed by the Cambodian-born chef Ly Kav, started with a family structure to become one of the leading Spanish companies in the food sector of Asian food production, especially the rice and pasta base made.

</doc>
<doc id="622415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622415" title="Avi Arad">
Avi Arad

Avi Arad (; born August 1, 1950) is an Israeli-American businessman. He became the CEO of the company Toy Biz in the 1990s, and soon afterward became the chief creative officer of Marvel Entertainment, a Marvel director, and the chairman, CEO, and founder of Marvel Studios.
Early life and career.
Arad was born in Israel, to refugees from Poland, during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. He spent his childhood in Israel, and grew up on Superman and Spider-Man comics translated into Hebrew. In 1965, he was conscripted into the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). He fought in and was wounded in the 1967 Six-Day War, and spent 15 days recuperating. Arad finished his military service in 1968.
In 1970, Arad moved to the United States and enrolled at Hofstra University to study industrial management. He worked as a truck driver and Hebrew teacher to put himself through college, and graduated with a BBA in 1972.
Marvel Comics.
Along with Toy Biz co-owner Isaac Perlmutter, Avi Arad came into conflict with Carl Icahn and Ron Perelman over control of Marvel Comics in the wake of its 1996 bankruptcy. In the end, Arad and Perlmutter came out on top, with Toy Biz taking over Marvel Comics in a complicated deal that included obtaining the rights to Spider-Man and other superheroes that Marvel had sold earlier. He was involved in Marvel's emergence from bankruptcy and the expansion of the company's profile through licensing and movies.
Later career.
On May 31, 2006, Arad resigned his various Marvel positions, including his leadership of Marvel Studios to form his own production company, Arad Productions. Although he is still producing projects for Marvel, his first feature outside Marvel was the August 2007 film "". Future ventures include: an adaptation of the manga "Ghost in the Shell"; an adaption of Brandon Mull's best-seller teenage fantasy, "Fablehaven"; an adaption of James Patterson's award winning teenage novel "Maximum Ride"; an adaption of BioWare's award-winning video game franchise, "Mass Effect"; the adaptations of two Sony PlayStation properties, "Uncharted" and "inFAMOUS"; and the adaptation of Hideo Kojima's video game "Metal Gear Solid".
On August 25, 2010 it was announced that Arad was given a chair with the American branch of animation studio Production I.G in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="622421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622421" title="Magnetic storm (disambiguation)">
Magnetic storm (disambiguation)

Magnetic storm can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="622423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622423" title="Chuck Austen">
Chuck Austen

Chuck Austen (born Chuck Beckum) is an American comic book writer and artist, TV writer and animator. In the comics industry, he is known for his work on "War Machine", "Elektra", "Action Comics", and the X-Men franchise, and in television, he is known for co-creating the animated TV series "Tripping the Rift".
Early life.
Chuck Austen was born Chuck Beckum. He grew up a military brat, and after his parents divorced, he was raised by his single mother in a housing project, an upbringing that he described as a struggle.
Career.
Austen’s early commercial work began in the 1980s, when he briefly illustrated Alan Moore's superhero series "Miracleman", under his birth name "Chuck Beckum", which he later abandoned out of a desire to disassociate from his father's family name. About the same time Austen wrote and drew the semi-autobiographical black-and-white pornographic comic book series "Strips", as well as "Hardball". In the late 1980s, Austen drew the first five issues for the short-lived series "Hero Sandwich" for by Slave Labor Graphics. He also was involved in the lesser-known "Dr. Radium" and "Lee Flea" series, and slowly crossed over into DC Comics when he was assigned to "Phantom Lady" and "Green Flame" and drew Disney's "The Little Mermaid" limited series.
2000s work.
From 2001 on, Austen wrote several issues of "War Machine". The mini-series was received well, but sales of the action-driven story were plagued by the fact that the series was published in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks. In 2003, Austen followed up with "War Machine 2.0". Using the creative liberties in the alternate universe in which the series is set, he wrote Rhodes' boss Tony Stark as more pacifist and business-minded than his mainstream counterpart, and Rhodes himself as the proactive protector.
In the early 2000s, Austen started working regularly for Marvel Comics, writing and illustrating "U.S. War Machine", illustrating "Elektra", and writing a number of series, including "Uncanny X-Men", "Captain America", and "The Avengers". His two-year run on "Uncanny X-Men" was his most lengthy writing assignment to date.
In 2002 Austen took part in writing a Marvel book with Bruce Jones titled "The Call of Duty 911"a short-lived Marvel Comics series featuring firefighters and emergency service workers dealing with paranormal phenomena in the Marvel Universe, conceived in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks as a way to convey the heroism of New York City firemen as real life superheroes. Austen wrote "Call of Duty: The Brotherhood" #1–6, and "Call of Duty: The Wagon" #1–4, and a short run on an ongoing series in 2002–2003 that lasted four issues.
From August 2003 to January 2004, Austen wrote six issues of "The Eternal" for the Marvel MAX line. It was a reimagination of the classic "Eternals" comic book by Jack Kirby and was lauded by at least one fan as "haunting yet humorous".
X-Men and Avengers work.
In 2002, Austen took over "Uncanny X-Men" beginning with #410 and remained on the title until #442. His controversial run saw the return of Havok and Polaris to the X-Men team, the introduction of school nurse Annie Ghazikhanian and the addition of several existing characters to the X-Men team, including Northstar, Juggernaut, M, and Husk, as well as the revelation of the identity of Nightcrawler's father: an immortal mutant known as Azazel.
Austen moved to "X-Men" Volume 2 in 2004; he wrote X-Men #155-163 before leaving the book. During this run, he introduced a new version of Xorn, showcased the fallout from Cyclops and Emma Frost beginning a relationship following the death of Jean Grey, as well as introduce a new version of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants. Michael Aronson of Comics Bulletin, while praising Austen's characterization of Professor X and Annie Ghazikhanian, excoriated Austen for what Aronson saw as his obsession with relationships and sex, and the sexist nature of his characterization of Husk. According to Thor K. Jensen of Ugo Entertainment, fans disliked the romantic pairing of Angel and Husk, and cites that storyline as emblematic of critical reception to Austen's run on "X-Men".
In 2004, Austen also wrote "Avengers" from #77-84. His first arc introduced a new Captain Britain (since renamed Lionheart), a single mother thrust into the realm of super-heroes after being killed as an innocent bystander during a fight between the Avengers and the Wrecking Crew, only to be resurrected by the original Captain Britain. The second arc, which saw Austen writing former Avengers U.S. Agent and Namor, the Sub-Mariner attempting to liberate a middle eastern country from its corrupt leadership, served as launching pad for the short-lived 2004 "Invaders" series.
Other work.
In 2004 Austen created the independent title "WorldWatch", which he described as being like Warren Ellis's "The Authority", but with more explicit depiction of sex, violence and realpolitik. The last page of "Worldwatch" #2 featured an announcement from the publisher stating that Austen had been fired, and that he would be replaced by notable writer Sam Clemens (the real name of American writer Mark Twain). However, as creator and owner, Austen cannot be fired from "Worldwatch". In a subsequent interview, Austen stated that it was intended as a joke, and that he was disappointed that most readers had not understood it.
From 2004 to 2005, Austen wrote issues 812–823 of DC Comics' flagship title "Action Comics", starring "Superman." Austen was criticized by fans for resurrecting the "Silver Age" feud between Superman supporting characters Lois Lane and Lana Lang over Superman, with Lana in particular divorcing longtime husband Pete Ross in the process. Austen controversially left the title after 10 issues. The next two were written by J.D. Finn. Austen himself speculated that J.D. Finn was actually then–"Action Comics" editor Eddie Berganza, and has denied using the pseudonym.
In 2006, Austen wrote "Boys of Summer", an Original English Language (OEL), adult-themed manga illustrated by Hiroki Otsuka through TokyoPop. Copies of the first volume were pulled from a number of bookstores in May that year due to its graphic content. Publishers Weekly named "The Boys of Summer" of the Top Ten manga/manhwa of 2006, calling it both "a titillating and edgy reading experience." Subsequently, news reports indicated that the series had been cancelled even though the other two volumes were written and drawn, and both Austen and Otsuka had been paid. The first volume is available in English on Amazon.com, and Austen stated that all three would likely see print in other languages, if not in English. He also stated that doing the series was such maturing experience for him as a creator that he would never go back to superheroes or work-for-hire again. A 600-page hardcover edition collecting all three volumes, "The Boys of Summer: The Complete Season", was scheduled for August 2008, but Austen reported it cancelled in a July 2008 interview.
Austen has written for animated television, most notably on the program "Tripping the Rift", which he co-created.
Reception.
During his Marvel/DC stint, Austen invented the expression "Seven Deadly Trolls". In Austen's point of view, they are a small and not representative group, who use internet message boards, blogs and newsgroups to attack Austen on a professional and personal level. Multiple comic book critics though, have panned Austen's Marvel and DC work. Austen admitted that he took online criticism of his work personally. On a professional level, the criticism also led to hostility between himself and certain comic book store owners.
In a 2006 interview, Austen commented sarcastically on his bad image among comic book fans, later acknowledging having had a "bad day" during that interview, and being overtly cynical.
Techniques and influences.
On a professional level, Austen admires fellow comic book creators Brian Michael Bendis, Paul Jenkins, Bill Sienkiewicz, J. Michael Straczynski, Ron Garney, Bret Blevins, JH Williams III, Al Williamson, John Romita, Rumiko Takahashi, Otomo Katsuhiro and Mitsuru Adachi.
Austen creates his art digitally. He mostly uses Macs but also uses PCs. Austen uses a variety of programs to create his art including "Ray Dream Studio" and "3D Studio Max" in order to compose scenes which he then finishes in Photoshop.
Personal life.
Austen is married and has two daughters. 
Austen identifies himself as humanitarian and anti-racist. In Austen's view the Republican Party discriminates against women, and he especially disliked the Bush administration.

</doc>
<doc id="622426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622426" title="Plimmerton">
Plimmerton

The suburb of Plimmerton lies in the northwest part of the city of Porirua in New Zealand, adjacent to some of the city's more congenial beaches. State Highway 1 and the North Island Main Trunk railway line pass just east of the main shopping and residential area.
Plimmerton has its modern origins as a late 19th Century seaside resort. It is named after John Plimmer, an English settler and entrepreneur who, through the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company, helped to fund and direct construction of the railway line. Today, around 2,100 people reside in the suburb.
History.
The area was first settled by the Māori people early in their occupation of New Zealand. Ngāi Tara and then Ngāti Ira settled south of Kapiti, and a number of other tribes may have lived in the area including Muaūpoko, Ngāti Apa, Ngāti Kahungunu and Ngāti Hotu.
Ngāti Toa people took control of the Porirua coast in the 1820s. In the 1840s the area where Plimmerton is situated was the home of Te Rauparaha, who had his main residence at Taupo Pa. Te Rauparaha was captured by 200 British troops and police on 23 July 1846 near the southern end of Motuhara Road. A tiny historic reserve contains a cabbage tree that may be descended from the one he was said to have been captured near, and a plaque. Over the next few years Taupo Pa was deserted and the main Ngāti Toa villages in Porirua became Takapuwahia and Urukahika.
The area was leased for farming by European settlers over the following decades. These included William Cooper, Canington (possible Carrington), and then Levi Tandy (from 1859). James Walker farmed from Paremata to Plimmerton beginning in 1875.
Modern Plimmerton was born in the 1880s when the Wellington-Manawatu Railway Company decided to build a railway link from the capital, Wellington, to Longburn, near Palmerston North. Several towns, including Plimmerton, were established along the way to encourage settlements that would contribute to the line's business. John Plimmer, after whom Plimmerton was named, was a director of the company.
The first excursion train journeyed from Wellington to Plimmerton on 3 September 1885, and regular services began from 10 October. With the railway's arrival, Plimmerton became accessible to holidaymakers, and evolved into a seaside resort. Plimmerton House, a two-storied hotel, was built alongside the railway station in 1886 (and burnt down in 1907). Sections began to be sold in 1888 and by the late 1890s Plimmerton had become a popular holiday destination. In 1900 Plimmerton consisted of 30 summer cottages, two private hotels and one general store.
Plimmerton was originally part of Hutt County. On 1 April 1973 the still-growing area became one of the northern suburbs of Porirua. Though small, it was one of the most lively. For a time it had the only active Residents' Association in the city.
Official name.
The name Plimmerton was used in promoting the railway and advertising of sections for sale from the mid-1880s.
Plimmerton was gazetted as an official geographic name on 3 November 2011. The suburb amalgamated the previous recorded suburb names of Plimmerton and Karehana Bay. It excludes the largely Māori (Ngati Toa) settlement of Hongoeka to the west, which was gazetted on 16 December 2010.
Demographics and census information.
The population of the Plimmerton area unit (which includes Hongoeka) at the 2013 census was 2,115, up slightly from 2,058 recorded in 2006 and 2,052 in both the 1996 and 2001 counts.
The 2006 census count comprised 1,032 males and 1,026 females in 819 dwellings. 9.6% were aged 65 or older (12.3% for New Zealand as a whole) and 19% were 15 or younger (NZ 21.5%). The largest ethnic groups were European (80.7%, compared to 67.6% in NZ) and Māori (11.4%, compared to 14.6% in NZ). 20% of residents were born overseas (NZ 22.9%), most commonly in the UK or Ireland. Plimmerton residents were relatively highly educated, with 59.4 percent of people aged 15 years and over having a post-school qualification, compared with 39.9 percent for New Zealand. Only 12.5% had no formal qualifications (NZ 25%). Median annual income for those aged 15+ was $37,400 (NZ $24,400).
Localities.
State Highway 1, here named St Andrews Road, passes through Plimmerton, as does the North Island Main Trunk railway line.
A shopping area about two blocks long adjoins Plimmerton Railway Station on Steyne Avenue and includes two churches, a medical centre, Plunket rooms, a craft shop, a beauty salon, real estate agents, a grocery store and several eateries. Plimmerton School, Plimmerton Kindergarten, and tennis courts are close.
To the north alongside the railway line is Plimmerton Domain, comprising 3 football fields, home to the Mana Archery Club, Wellington 29th Boys' Brigade and the Mana Arts Society. Beyond is the Plimmerton Industrial Estate, which includes numerous businesses, the Plimmerton Croquet Club, and a storage facility for the New Zealand Film Archive.
North of the industrial area is the Taupo Swamp, a flax swamp, one of the largest of its type in the southern half of the North Island. Taupo Stream passes south through the swamp, along the east edge of Plimmerton Domain, between Steyne Avenue and St Andrews Road, and then flows into the sea at the north end of South Beach.
Plimmerton Library, which was part of Porirua City Council's library system, closed on 27 July 2012. It opened in the late 1940s and operated from a single-room building near the school from November 1951 until December 2007. It then shifted to the Plimmerton Pavilion, opposite the Plimmerton Volunteer Fire Brigade building, until its closure.
South-west of the shopping area is Plimmerton Beach, a fairly sheltered, gently graded beach, which has been a popular recreation area for over a century. It is popular with windsurfers; some world champions have trained there. At the southern end is South Beach. Recreational water quality at Plimmerton Beach is rated "fair" by the Greater Wellington Regional Council; water quality at South Beach is rated "poor", however, due to periodic faecal contamination. This contamination may originate from Taupo Swamp (via Taupo Stream), which often supports a large waterfowl population.
Another popular beach is Karehana Bay, at the foot of the Airlie Road/Cluny Road valley about 1.5 kilometres north-west of the shops. Poet Denis Glover mentioned the settlement in his poem Threnody: "In Plimmerton, in Plimmerton, the little penguins play, and one dead albatross was found at Karehana Bay"

</doc>
<doc id="622429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622429" title="Andy Kubert">
Andy Kubert

Andrew "Andy" Kubert (born February 27, 1962) is an American comic book artist, son of Joe Kubert, and brother of Adam Kubert, both of whom are also artists, and the uncle of comics editor Katie Kubert. He is a graduate of and an instructor of second-year classes at The Kubert School, founded by his father who also taught there.
Early life.
Andrew Kubert is the son of Muriel (née Fogelson) and Joe Kubert, the latter of whom came from a Jewish family in southeast Poland (now Ukraine). His siblings include a sister, Lisa, and brothers David, Daniel, and Adam. He and his siblings were raised in Dover, New Jersey. He is also the uncle of comics editor Katie Kubert. He graduated from the The Kubert School, which was founded by his father in Dover.
Career.
Andy Kubert started his comics career as a letterer at DC Comics in 1980. His first credited artwork for the company was the story "Old Soldiers Never Die" in "Sgt. Rock" #393 (Oct. 1984). He later drew "Adam Strange" and the "Batman versus Predator" Intercompany crossover. He is best known for his work at Marvel Comics, specifically the company's X-Men titles. An occasional cover artist on "Uncanny X-Men" (drawing the first cover appearance of the character Gambit) and "X-Men Classic", Kubert later served as a fill-in penciller for "Uncanny X-Men" #279-280 and #288 before becoming the regular penciller on (starting with #14), following Jim Lee's departure from Marvel to form Image Comics. Kubert was one of the artists of the "X-Cutioner's Song" storyline which ran threw the X-Men titles in 1992 and drew the wedding of Cyclops and Jean Grey in "X-Men" #30 (March 1994). Kubert drew the "Amazing X-Men" limited series as part of the "Age of Apocalypse" storyline in 1995. In 2001, Kubert drew two issues of the new "Ultimate X-Men" title. With writers Bill Jemas, Joe Quesada and Paul Jenkins, Kubert produced the "Origin" limited series which revealed the early history of Wolverine. Kubert collaborated with novelist Neil Gaiman on the "Marvel 1602" eight-issue limited series published from November 2003 to June 2004. Writer Orson Scott Card and Kubert crafted the "Ultimate Iron Man" limited series in 2005.
Both Kubert and his brother, Andy, signed exclusive contracts to work for DC Comics in 2005. Andy Kubert became the penciller of the "Batman" series and with writer Grant Morrison introduced the Damian Wayne character.
Kubert illustrated the covers to "", a three-issue miniseries published in November 2008. Kubert illustrated the two-issue Batman story by Neil Gaiman entitled, "Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader?" This reunited Gaiman and Kubert, who previously worked together on the series "Marvel 1602".
While his brother Adam has returned to Marvel Comics following his three-year deal with DC, Dan DiDio has confirmed that following "Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader?", Kubert has two more Batman projects in the works, one of which he is writing himself. He contributed covers to the "Blackest Night: Batman" mini-series, as well as variant covers for "Blackest Night" issues of "Green Lantern".
Dan DiDio announced that Andy Kubert was working on two DC stories, one featuring Batman, the other featuring the DCU. Kubert's father Joe inked over his pencils on the first two issues of "DC Universe Legacies", a 10 issue series chronicling the history of the DC Universe. Andy Kubert contributed to "Batman" #700, teaming again with Grant Morrison to tell another tale of Damian Wayne as Batman in the future as part of the over-sized anniversary issue. In 2011 Kubert illustrated the DC miniseries "Flashpoint". In 2013 Kubert wrote and drew "Damian: Son of the Batman", a four-issue mini series about Robin in an alternate future.
Teaching.
Kubert, along with his brother Adam, teaches at his family business and alma mater, the Joe Kubert School.

</doc>
<doc id="622435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622435" title="The Banner of Freedom">
The Banner of Freedom

The Banner of Freedom () is the national anthem of Samoa. Both the words (which honour the country's flag) and the music were composed by Sauni Iiga Kuresa. Samoa adopted "The Banner of Freedom" as its national anthem upon gaining its independence from New Zealand in 1962.
Samoan version:
English translation:

</doc>
<doc id="622438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622438" title="Nicholas Monsarrat">
Nicholas Monsarrat

Lieutenant Commander Nicholas John Turney Monsarrat FRSL RNVR (22 March 19108 August 1979) was a British novelist known today for his sea stories, particularly "The Cruel Sea" (1951) and "Three Corvettes" (1942–45), but perhaps best known internationally for his novels, "The Tribe That Lost Its Head" and its sequel, "Richer Than All His Tribe".
Early life.
Born on Rodney Street in Liverpool, Merseyside, Monsarrat was educated at Winchester and Trinity College, Cambridge. He intended to practise law. The law failed to inspire him, however, and he turned instead to writing, moving to London and supporting himself as a freelance writer for newspapers while writing four novels and a play in the space of five years (1934–1939). He later commented in his autobiography that the 1931 Invergordon Naval Mutiny influenced his interest in politics and social and economic issues after college.
Wartime service.
Though a pacifist, Monsarrat served in World War II, first as a member of an ambulance brigade and then as a member of the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (RNVR). His lifelong love of sailing made him a capable naval officer, and he served with distinction in a series of small warships assigned to escort convoys and protect them from enemy attack. Monsarrat ended the war as commander of a frigate, and drew on his wartime experience in his postwar sea stories. During his wartime service, Monsarrat claimed to have seen the ghost ship "Flying Dutchman" while sailing the Pacific, near the location where the young King George V had seen her in 1881.
Resigning his wartime commission in 1946, Monsarrat entered the diplomatic service. He was posted at first to Johannesburg, South Africa and then, in 1953, to Ottawa, Canada. He turned to writing full-time in 1959, settling first on Guernsey, in the Channel Islands, and later on the Maltese island of Gozo.
Posts.
HMS "Flower" and HMS "Compass Rose" were fictional Flower class corvettes in the short story "H M Corvette" (1942) and the novel "The Cruel Sea" (1951)
HMS "Dipper" and HMS "Winger" were fictional 
Kingfisher class corvettes in the stories "East Coast Corvette" (1943) and "Corvette Command" (1944)
HMS "Saltash" was a fictional River class frigate in the 1951 novel "The Cruel Sea". In the 1953 film version this ship was depicted by Castle-class corvette , and hence named "Saltash Castle". 
Work.
Monsarrat's first three novels, published in 1934–1937 and now out of print, were realistic treatments of modern social problems informed by his leftist politics. "The Visitor", his only play, fell into the same category. His fourth novel and first major work, "This is the Schoolroom", took a different approach. The story of a young, idealistic, aspiring writer coming to grips with the "real world" for the first time, it is at least partly autobiographical. 
"The Cruel Sea" (1951), Monsarrat's first postwar novel, is widely regarded as his finest work, and is the only one of his novels that is still widely read. Based on his own wartime service, it followed the young naval officer Keith Lockhart through a series of postings in corvettes and frigates. It was one of the first novels to depict life aboard the vital, but unglamorous, "small ships" of World War II—ships for which the sea was as much a threat as the Germans. Monsarrat's short-story collections "H.M.S. Marlborough Will Enter Harbour" (1949), and "The Ship That Died of Shame" (1959) previously made into a film of the same name, mined the same literary vein, and gained popularity by association with "The Cruel Sea". 
The similar "Three Corvettes" (1945 and 1953) comprising "H.M. Corvette" (set aboard a Flower class corvette in the North Atlantic), "East Coast Corvette" (as First Lieutenant of HMS "Guillemot") and "Corvette Command" (as Commanding Officer of HMS "Shearwater") is actually an anthology of three true-experience stories he published during the war years and shows appropriate care for what the Censor might say. Thus "Guillemot" appears under the pseudonym "Dipper" and "Shearwater" under the pseudonym "Winger" in the book. "H M Frigate" is similar but deals with his time in command of two frigates. His use of the name "Dipper" could allude to his formative years when summer holidays were spent with his family at Trearddur Bay. They were members of the famous sailing club based there, and he recounted much of this part of his life in a book "My brother Denys". Denys Monserrat was killed in Egypt during the middle part of the war whilst his brother was serving with the Royal Navy. Another tale recounts his bringing his ship into Trearddur Bay during the war for old times' sake.
Monsarrat's more famous novels, notably "The Tribe That Lost Its Head" (1956) and its sequel "Richer Than All His Tribe" (1968), drew on his experience in the diplomatic service and make important reference to the colonial experience of Britain in Africa. Several have peripheral connections to the sea: "The Nylon Pirates" (1960) tells a story of piracy aboard a modern ocean liner, not pirates in the traditional meaning of the word, but card-sharps, and "A Fair Day's Work" (1964) deals with labour unrest in a shipyard. "The Kappillan of Malta" (1973) is as much a story of a place, the island of Malta, as it is of a priest on that island during the terrible days of World War II.
Controversy.
His book "The Story of Esther Costello" (1952), later made into a film 
of the same name, while perceived as an uncomplimentary take on the life of Helen Keller and her teachers and assistants, is really an exposé of sleazy practices and exploitation of real causes in the fundraising racket, similar to criticisms of televangelism. It caused a minor public outcry when it first appeared, and Keller's staff considered suing him, then tried to keep the book off the shelves. His final work, unfinished at the time of his death but published in its incomplete form, was a two-volume historical novel titled "The Master Mariner." Based on the legend of the Wandering Jew, it told the story of an Elizabethan English seaman who, as punishment for a terrible act of cowardice, is doomed to sail the world's seas until the end of time. His hero participates in critical moments in history; Monsarrat used him to illustrate the central role of seamen.
Autobiography.
Two non-fiction books, "Life is a Four Letter Word: Breaking In" (London, 1966) and "Life is a Four Letter Word: Breaking Out" (London, 1970) comprise Monsarrat's autobiography.
Death.
Nicholas Monsarrat died 8 August 1979 in London. The Royal Navy co-operated with his wish to be buried at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="622440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622440" title="Bangka">
Bangka

Bangka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="622441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622441" title="McDougall, Ontario">
McDougall, Ontario

McDougall is a township in central Ontario, Canada, on the Parry Sound in the District of Parry Sound. It was named after William McDougall, one of the Fathers of Confederation.
In 2000, the Township of McDougall amalgamated with the unorganized geographic township of Ferguson, and created the Municipality of McDougall.
Communities.
The township comprises the communities of Badger's Corners, Nobel, and Waubamik.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 Statistics Canada Census:
Population trend:

</doc>
<doc id="622442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622442" title="Serene, Colorado">
Serene, Colorado

Serene, Colorado was a company town owned by the Rocky Mountain Fuel Company.
Serene had company housing, a post office, a tipple, and was the site of the Columbine Mine.
History.
In 1927 Colorado coal miners conducted a statewide strike that had been called by the Industrial Workers of the World. The Columbine Mine at Serene was the only major coal mine in the state that continued to dig coal. In her book "Once A Coal Miner", author Phyllis Smith described the company town of Serene:
The Colorado State Ranger Unit (the former "dry unit" from prohibition days) was summoned to prevent a demonstration by striking coal miners.
Some 500 protestors showed up at the mine on the morning of November 21. The confrontation between strikers and the militia unit resulted in the Columbine Mine Massacre, in which six miners were killed by machine gun, rifle and pistol fire.
Geography.
Serene was located on rolling hills just west of the present-day Interstate 25 on State Highway 7, north of the State of Colorado Historical Marker that commemorates the Columbine Mine Massacre. The area that once was the company town of Serene is now a public landfill in extreme southwestern Weld County, just outside the limits of the town of Erie and the city of Broomfield.

</doc>
<doc id="622451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622451" title="Christopher Okigbo">
Christopher Okigbo

Christopher Ifekandu Okigbo (1930–1967) was a Nigerian poet, who died fighting for the independence of Biafra. He is today widely acknowledged as the outstanding postcolonial English-language African poet and one of the major modernist writers of the twentieth century.
Early life.
Okigbo was born on August 16, 1930, in the town of Ojoto, about ten miles from the city of Onitsha in Anambra State. His father was a teacher in Catholic missionary schools during the heyday of British colonial rule in Nigeria, and Okigbo spent his early years moving from station to station. Despite his father's devout Christianity, Okigbo felt a special affinity to his maternal grandfather, a priest of Idoto, an Igbo deity personified in the river of the same name that flowed through his village. Later in life, Okigbo came to believe that his grandfather's soul was reincarnated in him, and the "water goddess" figures prominently in his work. "Heavensgate" (1962) opens with the compelling lines:
while in "Distances" (1964) he celebrates his final aesthetic and psychic return to his indigenous religious roots:
Another influential figure in Okigbo's early years was his older brother Pius Okigbo, who would later become the renowned economist and first Nigerian Ambassador to the European Economic Commission (EU).
Days at Umuahia and Ibadan.
Okigbo graduated from Government College Umuahia (in present Abia State, Nigeria) two years after Chinua Achebe, another noted Nigerian writer, having earned himself a reputation as both a voracious reader and a versatile athlete. The following year, he was accepted to University College in Ibadan. Originally intending to study Medicine, he switched to Classics in his second year. In college, he also earned a reputation as a gifted pianist, accompanying Wole Soyinka in his first public appearance as a singer. It is believed that Okigbo also wrote original music at that time, though none of this has survived.
Work and art.
Upon graduating in 1956, he held a succession of jobs in various locations throughout the country, while making his first forays into poetry. He worked at the Nigerian Tobacco Company, United Africa Company, the Fiditi Grammar School (where he taught Latin), and finally as Assistant Librarian at the University of Nigeria in Nsukka, where he helped to found the African Authors Association. 
During those years, he began publishing his work in various journals, notably "Black Orpheus", a literary journal intended to bring together the best works of African and African American writers. While his poetry can be read in part as powerful expression of postcolonial African nationalism, he was adamantly opposed to Negritude, which he denounced as a romantic pursuit of the "mystique of blackness" for its own sake; he similarly rejected the conception of a commonality of experience between Africans and black Americans, a stark philosophical contrast to the editorial policy of "Black Orpheus". It was on precisely these grounds that he rejected the first prize in African poetry awarded to him at the 1965 Festival of Negro Arts in Dakar, declaring that there is no such thing as a Negro or black poet.
In 1963, he left Nsukka to assume the position of West African Representative of Cambridge University Press at Ibadan, a position affording the opportunity to travel frequently to the United Kingdom, where he attracted further attention. At Ibadan, he became an active member of the Mbari literary club, and completed, composed or published the works of his mature years, including "Limits" (1964), "Silences" (1962–65), "Lament of the Masks" (commemorating the centenary of the birth of W. B. Yeats in the forms of a Yoruba praise poem, 1964), "Dance of the Painted Maidens" (commemorating the 1964 birth of his daughter, Obiageli or Ibrahimat, whom he regarded as a reincarnation of his mother) and his final highly prophetic sequence, "Path of Thunder" (1965–67), which was published posthumously in 1971 with his magnum opus, "Labyrinths", which incorporates the poems from the earlier collections.
War and legacy.
In 1966 the Nigerian crisis came to a head. Okigbo, living in Ibadan at the time, relocated to eastern Nigeria to await the outcome of the turn of events which culminated in the secession of the eastern provinces as independent Biafra on May 30, 1967. Living in Enugu, he worked together with Achebe to establish a new publishing house, Citadel Press.
With the secession of Biafra, Okigbo immediately joined the new state's military as a volunteer, field-commissioned major. An accomplished soldier, he was killed in action during a major push by Nigerian troops against Nsukka, the university town where he found his voice as a poet, and which he vowed to defend with his life. Earlier, in July, his hilltop house at Enugu, where several of his unpublished writings (perhaps including the beginnings of a novel) were, was destroyed in a bombing raid by the Nigerian air force. Also destroyed was "Pointed Arches", an autobiography in verse which he describes in a letter to his friend and biographer, Sunday Anozie, as an account of the experiences of life and letters which conspired to sharpen his creative imagination.
Several of his unpublished papers are, however, known to have survived the war. Inherited by his daughter, Obiageli, who established the Christopher Okigbo Foundation in 2005 to perpetuate his legacy, the papers were catalogued in January 2006 by Chukwuma Azuonye, Professor of African Literature at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, Boston, who assisted the foundation in nominating them for the UNESCO Memory of the World Register. Azuonye's preliminary studies of the papers indicate that, apart from new poems in English, including drafts of an Anthem for Biafra, Okigbo's unpublished papers include poems written in Igbo. The Igbo poems are fascinating in that they open up new vistas in the study of Okigbo's poetry, countering the views of some critics, especially the troika (Chinweizu, Onwuchekwa Jemie and Ihechukwu Madubuike) in their 1980 "Towards the Decolonization of African Literature", that he sacrificed his indigenous African sensibility in pursuit of obscurantist Euro-modernism.
"Elegy for Alto", the final poem in "Path of Thunder", is today widely read as the poet's "last testament" embodying a prophecy of his own death as a sacrificial lamb for human freedom:
Sources.
Don't Let Him Die: an anthology of memorial poems in honour of Chritopher Okigbo on the 10 anniversary of his death edited by Chinua Achebe and Dubem Okafor. Enugu, Nigeria, Fourth Dimension Publishers, 1978.
See also for more details on Okigbo, Crossroads: an anthology of poems in honour of Christopher Okigbo on the 40th anniversary of his death edited by Patrick Oguejiofor and Uduma Kalu.(Lagos, Nigeria: Apex Books Limited, 2008)
The most authoritative published source on Okigbo to date is Obi Nwakanma's "Christopher Okigbo, 1930-67: Thirsting for Sunglight" (Woodbridge: James Currey, 2010)

</doc>
<doc id="622455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622455" title="Kouilou-Niari River">
Kouilou-Niari River

The Kouilou-Niari River — also spelled Kwilu, Kwila, or Kwil — is the most important river flowing to the Atlantic ocean of the Republic of the Congo coast. Moreover, it entire drainage area is completely in the Republic of the Congo. The river is called the Kouilou River while flowing in the coastal region of the Kouilou till the Sounda gorges. Upstream from the Gorges, its name is the Niari . The river combines with the Louessé River, the Loudima and the Bouenza and eventually flows into the Atlantic Ocean. It covers about 560 km from its origin in the plateaux batéké of The Congo to its mouth at the coast.
The river has numerous waterfalls and is impassable from its mouth, which is of difficult access by multiple sandbars, formed primarily by the action of the Benguela current.
The River is usable and boats are coming up to kakamoéka. from Kakamoéka to Sounda, rapids and rocks are blocking access especially during dry season.
Very limited Traffic upstream Sounda as they are rapids and a few bridges.
Bridges on the River are located at Bas-Kouilou, Sounda, Kimbangou, Makabana, Loudima and Bouenza.
The Kouilou part is fairly flat with the water level rising only 16 meters above Sea level on first 70 km.
In the area of Kimbangou, the water level is around 60 meters above sea level and reaches 115 meters at the Loudima junction.
List of waterfalls.
The gorges are remarkable with a small waterdrop of 2 meters and mountain around 120 meters high.
An old iron bridge is still usable in 2012 to cross the river in Sounda.
A road comes from the village of Mandzi south of Sounda while the road continues on north west toward Kakamoéka, sous-prefectuure.
An abandoned track on the southern bank of the river reaches Kakamoéka which was created during the exploration for the train. The mission Jacob was conducted in 1896.
The track wad reopened in 1954 for the evaluation of the hydro potential of the Sounda dam.
In Sounda, a large Hydro electrical project has been evaluated since the mid 50's when France was looking at developing the region.
10 years of research have led to a tunnel built in the mountain, a bridge and a camp established on site.
In May 2011, a protocole d'accord has been signed with a South African Company IDG and the Republic of Congo for the development of the Sounda dam project.
IDG has teamed up with strategic partner African Power Corporation (APC). 
The 2 companies have joined forces to lead the development of the project. Coming together with the potential users and financial institution to put the project on track for success.
Such a project is expected to help develop the country's huge mineral potential.
In October 2012, APC increased their presence in the country and name a country representative. Nicolas Rouzé has a great experience in the Congo as he has been in country since 1998. He is managing the efforts in Country to drive the project on the local scale.
Annex.
Nicolas Tourot, Les Projets de développement hydroélectrique en Afrique noire, mémoire de maîtrise, Paris I,2003
EDF, études préliminaires du site hydroelectrique de Sounda, 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="622458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622458" title="Oldsmobile Intrigue">
Oldsmobile Intrigue

The Oldsmobile Intrigue was a mid-size sedan manufactured from 1998 through 2002 by the Oldsmobile division of General Motors. The Intrigue's design cues were first seen in 1995 with the Oldsmobile Antares concept car. The Intrigue was the first casualty in the phase-out process of Oldsmobile.
The Aurora-inspired Intrigue was designed to compete more with Japanese automobiles, and replaced the aging Cutlass Supreme. Unlike the Cutlass Supreme, which was available as a 5- or 6-passenger sedan, coupe, or convertible, the Intrigue was strictly a 5-passenger, 4-door sedan. It went into production on May 5, 1998. Although similar to a range of mid-sized sedans from other GM divisions, including the Buick Century, Buick Regal, Chevrolet Impala, Chevrolet Monte Carlo and the Pontiac Grand Prix, the Intrigue sported a decidedly more "Euro" look and feel as part of its import-fighter position.
The Intrigue was available in three trim levels: base "GX", mid-level "GL", and high-end "GLS". All models were well equipped with standard features such as V6 power, antilock brakes, 4-wheel independent suspension, dual front airbags, and full power accessories. GL trim included the addition of a 6-way power adjustable driver's seat, 6-speaker audio system, foglamps, and dual-zone automatic climate control. Top-line GLS added 6-way power front passenger seat, faux woodgrain interior trim, steering wheel audio controls, leather seating, and full-function traction control.
All Intrigues were built at the GM Fairfax plant in Kansas City, Kansas, where the Grand Prix was also built (the Buick Century and Regal, and the Chevrolet Impala and Monte Carlo were all built in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada). For the 1999 model year, a new 3.5 L DOHC engine was introduced it was a six-cylinder design based on Cadillac's Northstar V8, which was nicknamed the "Shortstar". The 3.5 L engine became standard for 2000, giving the Intrigue the most powerful standard engine of any W-body car.
Another exclusive was a standard 140 mph speedometer. With the Autobahn package the Intrigue came with larger 12-inch front brake rotors, being the first 2nd Gen W-body to incorporate bigger brakes. For 1998-99 models the Autobahn package consisted of a 3.29 differential ratio opposed to the standard 3.05, H-rated tires, 12-inch front brakes with ceramic pads, and a 128 mph speed limiter. For 2000 it was renamed Precision Sport Package which included everything from the Autobahn package except the larger 12-inch front brake rotors, and added the Precision Control System (also known as Vehicle Stability Control (VSC)). For 2002 the Intrigue Final 500 Collector’s Edition cars came in a unique Dark Cherry Metallic paint and featured Aurora-styled 17x7.5-inch chrome wheels.
On June 14, 2002, the final Intrigue rolled off the assembly line as part of the Final 500 Collectors Edition.
Year-to-year changes.
Final 500 #499 was the last retail model and was special-ordered by a member of the Southern California Chapter of the Oldsmobile Club of America

</doc>
<doc id="622463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622463" title="Watsessing Park">
Watsessing Park

Watsessing Park is a park in Essex County, New Jersey, in the city of East Orange and the town of Bloomfield. The park covers 69 acres (279,000 m²), just west of the Garden State Parkway, and contains the confluence of the Second River and Toney's Brook.
The name "Watsessing" comes from the language of the Lenni Lenape Indians who inhabited the area before European colonization; it means "crooked" or "elbow". This etymology might have been related to the Third River, which also flows through Bloomfield (though not through Watsessing Park), and which forms an abrupt elbow near the town's center.
Watsessing Park was designed in 1899 by the famous Olmsted Brothers of Brookline, Massachusetts (sons of Frederick Law Olmsted, designer of Manhattan's Central Park).

</doc>
<doc id="622469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622469" title="Oldsmobile Aurora">
Oldsmobile Aurora

The Oldsmobile Aurora is a midsize luxury sports sedan made by the Oldsmobile division of General Motors and launched in 1995. The Aurora rode on the same Cadillac-derived G platform as the 2-door Buick Riviera. Despite front-wheel drive, it was noted for competent handling.
The Aurora became the high-end sport sedan Oldsmobile powered by a four cam, 32 valve 4.0 L V8 supplanting the Oldsmobile Toronado coupe and eventually the Oldsmobile 98 in the line-up. The Aurora offered both the V6-powered version and a V-8 powered version from 2001-03. It was equipped with a 4-speed automatic transmission with performance algorithm shifting.
Introduction.
Since the 1980s GM had wanted a new car to bring new life to Oldsmobile, a car that was "not your father's Oldsmobile"; thus the Aurora was born, with several styling cues taken from the 1960s Oldsmobile Toronado. By the time the Aurora was released, Oldsmobile badly needed the Aurora, in hopes for a comeback of the marque (Oldsmobile sales had plummeted from 1,066,122 in 1985, to just 389,173 in 1992). As a symbol of its clean break from other cars in the lineup, the Aurora bore no Oldsmobile badging or script save for the radio/CD/cassette deck and engine cover. Instead, a new emblem consisting of a stylized 'A' was used, foreshadowing a similar restyling of Oldsmobile's corporate 'Rocket' emblem for 1997.
With the Aurora, Oldsmobile tried to ride the praise of the car by launching other models that borrowed styling cues from the Aurora such as the mid-size Intrigue and compact Alero, as well as the redesigned Eighty-Eight, Silhouette, Cutlass, and Bravada. The Oldsmobile "rocket" logo was even updated to be more in-line with the Aurora's emblem.
Conceptualization.
Early design work on what would become the Aurora began as early as the late 1980s and manifested itself with a 1989 engineering concept known as the Oldsmobile Tube Car designed by Bud Chandler. Beyond the overall similar shape, the Tube Car featured many detailed elements that were later found on the production automobile, including a full-width taillamp, wraparound rear windshield, and frameless windows. Unlike the eventual production car, the Tube Car was of a pillarless hardtop design with suicide doors. The final production design was signed off on in July 1989, originally set for a 1992 start of production.
First generation (1995–1999).
After much research and development, the Aurora went into production on January 24, 1994, and was released for the 1995 model year. It hosted a number of luxury and technologically advanced standard features including dual-zone climate control, driver and front passenger airbags, leather seating surfaces, genuine burl walnut interior accents, 6-speaker sound system with in-dash cd/cassette, and 8-way power adjustable front seats with 2-position memory. Only several options were available on the Aurora including heated seats, power sunroof, 12-disc cd changer, and an Autobahn package. An onboard computer displaying the date, current gas consumption, and other information was also standard.
The Aurora also came standard with Oldsmobile's L47 V8 engine, a DOHC engine based on Cadillac's 4.6 L Northstar V8. The Northstar engine and 4T80-E had been exclusive to Cadillac prior to the Aurora. The L47 put out at 5600 rpm and torque at 4400 rpm. The Aurora used a 4-speed automatic transmission with driver selectable "normal" and "power" shift modes. A highly modified version of this engine was used by General Motors racing division initially for Indy Racing League competition starting in 1996, then was later used in the Cadillac Northstar LMP program in 2000. Both engines retained the 4.0 L capacity, but the Northstar LMP version was twin-turbocharged.
The Aurora had a drag coefficient of 0.32.
The Aurora was highly regarded at the time for its refined engine, excellent build quality, well-balanced ride, and structural integrity. In fact, during normal crush-to-failure tests done by automakers to evaluate body rigidity, the Aurora's unibody construction actually broke GM's testing machine. A frame-crusher otherwise used to test stronger truck frames had to be used instead, with the car exceeding federal standards for passenger cars by two times.
First year sales were strong, with the Aurora selling over 45,000 units, but sales dropped dramatically for 1996, as in many cases, buyers were turned away by the large price tag. All first-generation Auroras were built in Lake Orion, Michigan, along with the Buick LeSabre, Buick Park Avenue, Buick Riviera, Oldsmobile 88, Oldsmobile 98 and the Pontiac Bonneville. Production for this generation ended on June 25, 1999.
Year-to-year changes.
1996
For 1996, Oldsmobile made some minor revisions to the Aurora including new rear glass which has less distortion than previous models.
Further revisions include daytime running lights and OBD II compliant On-Board Diagnostic systems, tweaking the climate control and safety alarm, a revised keyless entry system with new features was added, a 12 disc BOSE CD changer was made optional, and the short list of optional equipment was expanded to include Chrome wheels and a gold trim package. The 96-99 models also had the passenger temperature toggle button on the middle right portion of the instrument panel replaced with an air recirculator button.
1997
There were minor changes for the Aurora in 1997. A new in-dash CD player for the BOSE sound system highlighted the improvements. Another new feature was a tilt-down right-outside mirror that enhances the driver's view of close objects, whenever the shifter is placed in reverse.
The underside of the door handles have been slightly recontoured to minimize slipping fingers when the handles are pulled. Seat belt release buttons were moved from the face of the buckle to the end for improved convenience. An electronic compass was added to the inside rear-view mirror. Larger front brakes came along with cast aluminum front control arms and steering knuckles. The rear ashtray assembly was changed from a click-lock face to a pull-up face. Finally, the spare tire cover and jack cradle assembly was changed from the jack and cover being bolted down to one where the jack sat in a plastic "bucket" inside the spare with the cover simply placed on top.
On some 1997's a modest Olds badge returns to the right-rear corner of the car along with the Aurora name.
1998
The 1998 model had a few relatively minor refinement changes to the brakes, suspension, steering and emissions controls. New front control arm design with front hydraulic bushing and rear cross axis ball joint for enhanced ride smoothness and better isolation from road noise and vibration. Internal rebound springs added to front struts for improved body motion control and to minimize crash-through. Increased wheel travel (3 mm) and redesigned jounce bumpers for softer feel at full travel. Dual durometer cradle mounts for improved isolation. Premium valving/damping in front and rear struts for a higher refinement in calibration. New more accurate wheel sensors for improved ABS actuation. New steering calibration for more on-center feel and reduced parking effort.
GM's optional OnStar system available was standard this year uses a dedicated button on the cellular telephone putting drivers in contact with an information center that can provide them with emergency assistance. The system uses no transmitters to determine the vehicle's location and provide route information to any destination.
Almost all of the changes made to the Aurora for 1998 are aimed at refining what was already a superb suspension system. The balance between a smooth ride and precise handling is exemplary, allowing the driver to enjoy some enthusiastic behind-the-wheel activity without upsetting the passengers.
1999
The last year for the original Aurora, changes for 1999 included additional engine mounts for improved engine stability. No 2000 models were produced.
Second generation (2001–2003).
Oldsmobile's original intention for the second generation was to move the Aurora further upmarket, retaining its V8-only drivetrain and sharing a platform with the new Buick Riviera, as the original Aurora had done. This would have created more room within the Oldsmobile lineup for a four-door Eighty-Eight successor known as the Antares. However, Buick dropped its Riviera development plans and fiscal trouble found Oldsmobile, so Oldsmobile was forced to re-engineer the Antares into an acceptable Aurora in short time. Still using the G-body design, the re-engineered Aurora was the result, but retaining its 4.0 V8 Northstar still mounted to a 4T80-E.
Oldsmobile also offered a V6 engine in the Aurora for the first time. The V6 in question was the LX5, a cut-down relation of the DOHC Aurora V8, dubbed the "Shortstar." The V6-powered Aurora was produced for the 2001 and 2002 model years only, with production ceasing in mid-2002.
This Aurora, though still a competitive luxury sedan, did not attract the attention, nor sales that the original did. This can be blamed on several reasons. Most of all was that the new Aurora, as well as the new 2002 Bravada, was overshadowed by GM's announcement in December 2000 that the Oldsmobile marque was to be phased out over the next several years. Though still retaining its unique styling, it now shared design cues from other Oldsmobiles, as well many parts in common with other GM vehicles. This took away the "separateness" from other Oldsmobiles that the original had. It should also be noted, that the 2nd generation Aurora was over six inches shorter than was the 1st generation. Automobile magazine wrote that "The Aurora's new look is not quite as sensuous or elegant as that of the outgoing model," but the Auto Channel review said, "it was better in every respect."
The second generation Aurora went into production on November 1, 1999, and went on sale in February 2000 as a 2001 model. The last V6-powered Auroras rolled off the assembly line on June 21, 2002. The Final 500 Auroras ended production on March 28, 2003. These were all a special burgundy color (called "Dark Cherry Metallic"), had special chrome wheels, and Final 500 badging. The Orion, Michigan plant built a total of 71,722 second-generation Auroras (53,640 in 2001, 10,865 in 2002, 7,217 in 2003).
Production numbers.
The production numbers for both generations of the Aurora:

</doc>
<doc id="622477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622477" title="Kwilu River">
Kwilu River

The Kwilu River is a major river that originates in Angola and flows north through Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) to the city of Bandundu, where it joins the Kwango River just before this stream enters the Kasai River. In the DRC the river flows past the towns of Gungu, Kikwit, Bulungu, Bagata and Bandundu.
Lusanga, formerly Leverville, lies at the location where the Kwenge River joins the Kwilu, between Kikwit and Bulungu.
The river is about long. In the wet season the flooded area covers .
The headwaters of the river rise at elevations between and in the Angolan highlands. They drop steeply to the flat central Congo Basin at between and above sea level. A 2011 survey found 113 species of fish in 21 families and eight orders.

</doc>
<doc id="622489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622489" title="U.S. Route 202">
U.S. Route 202

U.S. Route 202 (US 202) is a highway stretching from Delaware to Maine, also passing through the states of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire. Its parent route, U.S. Route 2, only goes through three of these same states: New York, New Hampshire, and Maine.
The road has borne the number 202 since at least 1935. Before this, sections of the road were designated U.S. Route 122, as it intersected U.S. Route 22. Its current designation is based on its intersection with US 2 in Maine.
This route is considerably longer than the eastern segment of US 2, making it one of several 3-digit US routes to be longer than their parent routes.
Route description.
Delaware.
US 202 begins at an interchange with US 13/US 40 south of Wilmington. It runs north along the same road as Delaware Route 141, then joins with Interstate 95 through Wilmington. North of the city, it exits the freeway onto Concord Pike, heading north; Delaware Route 202 also continues south from this point. US 202 continues north towards the state line as a six-lane arterial road and is lined with numerous strip malls and "big-box stores".
Pennsylvania.
US 202 continues north toward West Chester, joining with US 322 north of U.S. Route 1. South of West Chester, US 202/322 exits onto a limited-access bypass of the borough; that is the old West Chester By-Pass, and includes a grade-level intersection at Matlack Street. North of West Chester, US 322 exits, and US 202 continues north as a freeway towards Frazer, where it interchanges with U.S. Route 30 and bends east to head towards Malvern and King of Prussia. The stretch between Valley Road in Paoli and King of Prussia was recently widened to three lanes in each direction. In King of Prussia, the highway forms a large, complicated interchange with the Schuylkill Expressway, the Pennsylvania Turnpike, and U.S. Route 422.
The freeway then transitions into a divided highway, passing the King of Prussia Mall and heading northeast through commercial areas before splitting into a one-way pair through the streets of Bridgeport and Norristown, crossing the Schuylkill River in the process.
North of Norristown, US 202 continues as a two-lane road heading northeast through the Philadelphia suburbs, passing through Blue Bell and Lower Gwynedd, where it becomes a four-lane full-access highway for about two miles (3 km). East of Lansdale, in Montgomeryville, it turns into a parkway with a parallel trail, which was new in December 2012. It continues northeast towards Doylestown, where it joins an older section of bypass at Pennsylvania Route 611 and proceeds north to the old alignment of Route 202 (State Street). It continues as a two-lane road to New Hope, crossing the Delaware River on the New Hope-Lambertville Toll Bridge.
New Jersey.
On the toll bridge, US 202 has two lanes in each direction. It continues a northeasterly course for about as a freeway. This segment of US 202 was earlier called the 202 bypass (as it bypassed the New Hope-Lambertville area) from its original route. The old section of 202 between New Hope and Ringoes, New Jersey is now NJ 179 which is also Old York Road, the first roadway to connect New York City and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In 1953, this section of Old York Road was renumbered US 202. A small section of the US 202 bypass was built in 1965 and the old route was renamed NJ 179. When the western section of the "bypass" was built to the Delaware River, the whole former segment was renamed 179. The section of the new US 202 freeway section ends once it begins to run concurrently with NJ 31 in East Amwell Township. The concurrency runs for five miles (8 km), to Flemington. This stretch, and the 13 miles (21 km) between Flemington and Somerville, is a four-lane divided roadway.
At Somerville, the road merges with US 206 at a now-reconfigured Somerville Circle. Parts of the old traffic circle, which also carries NJ 28, remain below the US 202 flyover. US 202 splits northeastward from US 206 at Bedminster Township and again becomes a two-lane road.
From here to the state line, US 202 parallels, and has largely been supplanted by, I-287, which during its construction dumped traffic onto US 202. US 202 continues through Morristown to Morris Plains with an intersection with NJ 53. Interestingly, with a few exceptions, US 202 is maintained by counties rather than the New Jersey Department of Transportation north of NJ 53.
The following sections are state-maintained:
US 202 continues past Boonton along the Boonton Turnpike to Wayne, where it then picks up NJ 23 for about two miles (3 km) and then exits on Black Oak Ridge Road. It then follows the Paterson-Hamburg Turnpike and Ramapo Valley Road (more or less paralleling the Ramapo River through Oakland) to Mahwah before crossing the New York state line on the Franklin Turnpike.
New York.
US 202 is mostly designated east–west in New York, owing to its greater coverage in those directions.
Franklin Turnpike becomes Orange Avenue in Suffern, and US 202 continues to a block-long wrong-way concurrency with NY 59 before tailing off on Wayne Avenue and heading east toward Haverstraw. Most of this stretch is two-lane road.
At Haverstraw, US 202 turns north along US 9W to Bear Mountain and then crosses the Bear Mountain Bridge, running concurrently with US 6, the Grand Army Republic Highway. The two wind around Anthony's Nose, briefly forming New York's only three-way concurrency of U.S. highways with US 9 at Peekskill. Afterwards, the two separate for several miles, with US 202 taking the more southerly route through Somers. The highways reunite at Brewster and become a four-lane road for their last few miles before the state line, taking in NY 121 in the process.
Connecticut.
At Danbury, US 6 and 202 climb up onto I-84, which had just been joined by the north–south US 7, making a four-way concurrency. Until recently, 202 ran with U.S. Route 7, however recent construction has separated the two highways. 202 splits from I-84 and US 6 at Exit 2. It is a two-lane road in southern Brookfield as it follows Federal Road. The US 7 freeway continues for another before it rejoins US 202 at the Brookfield/New Milford town line. The now rejoined US 7 and 202 approach New Milford in bucolic Litchfield County, where they once again split.
US 202 continues through Torrington and on to Cherry Brook, where it then runs concurrently with US 44 for several miles before turning northward at Avon. For the run to the state line, US 202 runs concurrently with Route 10.
Massachusetts.
Unlike elsewhere in New England, US 202 is posted as a south–north highway in Massachusetts, as the highway runs mostly in those directions for its length through the state.
US 202 and Route 10 enter the Bay State at the "Congamond Notch" in Southwick, a southward jog in the state line that includes Congamond Lake. North of Westfield, US 202 turns eastward toward Holyoke and Belchertown. It then heads north along the west side of the Quabbin Reservoir through New Salem toward Athol. This section of US 202 has been dubbed the Daniel Shays Highway, named for a Revolutionary War veteran who led an insurrection against the state government of Massachusetts. US 202 meets Massachusetts Route 2 at Orange, and runs along the two-lane freeway to Phillipston. There, it diverges to the north again as a two-lane road.
In Massachusetts, US 202 passes through the municipalities of Southwick, Westfield, Holyoke, South Hadley, Granby, Belchertown, Pelham, Shutesbury, New Salem, Orange, Athol, Phillipston, Templeton, and Winchendon.
The stretch of highway through Belchertown, Pelham, Shutesbury, and New Salem opened in 1935 to coincide with the completion and opening of the Quabbin Reservoir. The roadway reaches its closest point to the reservoir itself at the crossing of the Swift River, at the Shutesbury/New Salem town line. Access to the west side of the Quabbin Reservation is made through multiple gates in the three towns. There is no public access, however, to the Prescott Peninsula.
New Hampshire.
US 202 is posted as an east–west highway in New Hampshire. It remains a two-lane highway for most of its length in the Granite State.
It heads north, through Rindge, Jaffrey, and Peterborough, to Hillsborough, where it turns eastward along a concurrency with New Hampshire Route 9. The span of the road between Hillsborough and Hopkinton, which passes through Henniker, is among the most deadly sections of roadway in the state. At Concord, New Hampshire, the state capital, US 202 heads north and picks up a concurrency with US 3 for a short time, and then turns eastward again along Interstate 393, a freeway spur that also carries US 4. The freeway ends short of Chichester, and NH 9 rejoins the two-lane concurrency along with US 4 and 202.
At Northwood, US 202 and NH 9 leave US 4. NH 9 splits off a few miles later, leaving US 202 to continue alone toward Rochester, where the road jumps up onto the Spaulding Turnpike (NH 16) for a short, non-tolled distance. US 202 leaves the turnpike two miles (3 km) before the state line at East Rochester.
Maine.
US 202 is posted as an east–west highway in Maine.
The highway enters the state by crossing the Salmon Falls River at South Lebanon and bridges the Mousam River in Sanford. The highway then passes through Alfred, Waterboro and Hollis before crossing the Saco River at Salmon Falls. The highway passes through Gorham and crosses the Presumpscot River into South Windham. There is a rotary with U.S. Route 302 at Foster's Corner and an interchange with I-95 at Gray. The highway parallels I-95 through Upper Gloucester to Auburn and crosses the Androscoggin River into Lewiston, passing near the campus of Bates College. A very short stretch through the latter two cities is four-lane highway, but most of its length in the Pine Tree State consists of two-lane road. Its final miles west of Hampden, including the short overlay on I-395, and concurrency with US 1A also include four-laned segments.
The highway passes through Greene, Monmouth, and Winthrop concurrently with State Route 11 and State Route 100, and becomes concurrent with State Route 17 at Manchester. US 202 runs concurrently with U.S. Route 201 as it crosses the Kennebec River at Augusta, and shortly thereafter it picks up State Route 3 and State Route 9. SR 3 splits off at South China, but SR 9 stays with US 202 through Albion, Unity, Troy, Dixmont, Newburgh, and Hampden almost all the way to its terminus in Bangor. When SR 9 turns right onto Summer Street in Bangor with US 1A, US 202 runs 4 more blocks to its eastern terminus at the US 2 rotary at the corner of Hammond, Main, Central and State Streets.
A proposed extension eastward of US 202 would run up State Street in Bangor with US 2, turning east onto Broadway/Oak St across the bridge to Brewer (the unposted US 1A Business route), and then following SR 9 again and then with US 1 to Calais utilizing the under-construction/proposed 'third Calais crossing'. This is part of the Maine East–West Corridor.
History.
U.S. Route 122 was created in 1926, connecting US 22 at Haverstraw, New York with Wilmington, Delaware. It became part of US 202 in 1934.
The Piedmont Expressway.
In Pennsylvania in the early 1960s, a four-lane expressway was proposed that would follow the US 202 corridor. The "Piedmont Expressway" was to be long, and would cost approximately $146 million. It was to serve as an outer beltway around the Philadelphia area, similar to the Capital Beltway that encircles Washington, D.C.
Construction began in November 2008 on a parkway project between PA 63 in Lower Gwynedd and the existing cloverleaf interchange at the US 202 Bypass and PA 611 near Doylestown. This parkway will consist of a four-lane stretch between PA 63 and PA 463 and a two-lane parkway the rest of the way that bypasses the boroughs of Chalfont and New Britain. The parkway opened on December 3, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="622492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622492" title="Niagara Falls (disambiguation)">
Niagara Falls (disambiguation)

Niagara Falls is the set of large waterfalls on the Niagara River.
Niagara Falls may also refer to:
region of British Columbia, Canada

</doc>
<doc id="622494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622494" title="Unfair business practices">
Unfair business practices

Unfair business practices encompass fraud, misrepresentation, and oppressive or unconscionable acts or practices by business, often against consumers and are prohibited by law in many countries. For instance, in the European Union, each member state must regulate unfair business practices in accordance with the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive, subject to transitional periods. Unfair business practices may arise in many areas, including:
In addition to providing for the award of compensatory damages, laws may also provide for the award of punitive damages as well as the payment of the plaintiff's legal fees.
At common law, individuals were not entitled to attorneys fees or punitive damages for wrongful acts committed by businesses in most states. Most often, laws prohibiting unfair business practices require consumers to send demand letter to the business prior to commencing with a lawsuit. If the business fails to make a reasonable offer of settlement within a specified period of time, and is subsequently found liable in court, it may be liable for punitive damages and the injured parties reasonable attorney's fees under many statutes. In some instances, the statutes provide for prevailing plaintiffs to recover double or triple the actual damages against non-settling defendants. 
When statutes prohibiting unfair and deceptive business practices provide for the award of punitive damages and attorneys fees to injured parties, they provide a powerful incentive for businesses to resolve the claim through the settlement process rather than risk a more costly judgment in court.

</doc>
<doc id="622495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622495" title="Dialogic">
Dialogic

The English terms dialogic and dialogism often refer to the concept used by the Russian philosopher Mikhail Bakhtin in his work of literary theory, "The Dialogic Imagination". Bakhtin contrasts the dialogic and the "monologic" work of literature. The dialogic work carries on a continual dialogue with other works of literature and other authors. It does not merely answer, correct, silence, or extend a previous work, but informs and is continually informed by the previous work. Dialogic literature is in communication with multiple works. This is not merely a matter of influence, for the dialogue extends in both directions, and the previous work of literature is as altered by the dialogue as the present one is. Though Bakhtin's "dialogic" emanates from his work with colleagues in what we now call the "Bakhtin Circle" in years following 1918, his work was not known to the West or translated into English until the 1970s. For those only recently introduced to Bakhtin's ideas but familiar with T.S.Eliot, his "dialogic" is consonant with Eliot's ideas in "Tradition and the Individual Talent," where Eliot holds that "the past should be altered by the present as much as the present is directed by the past".[http://www.bartleby.com/200/sw4.html] For Bakhtin, the influence can also occur at the level of the individual word or phrase as much as it does the work and even the oeuvre or collection of works. A German cannot use the word "fatherland" or the phrase "blood and soil" without (possibly unintentionally) also echoing (or, Bakhtin would say "refracting") the meaning that those terms took on under National Socialism. Every word has a history of usage to which it responds, and anticipates a future response.
The term 'dialogic' does not only apply to literature. For Bakhtin, all language — indeed, all thought — appears as dialogical. This means that everything anybody ever says always exists in response to things that have been said before and in anticipation of things that will be said in response. In other words, we do not speak in a vacuum. All language (and the ideas which language contains and communicates) is dynamic, relational and engaged in a process of endless redescriptions of the world.
Bakhtin also emphasized certain uses of language that maximized the dialogic nature of words, and other uses that attempted to limit or restrict their polyvocality. At one extreme is novelistic discourse, particularly that of a Dostoevsky (or Mark Twain) in which various registers and languages are allowed to interact and respond to each other. At the other extreme would be the military order (or 1984 newspeak) which attempts to minimize all orientations of the work toward the past or the future, and which prompts no response but obedience.
When scholars, like Julia Kristeva, in the late 1970s and early 1980s, rediscovered Bakhtin, his work seemed to fit with the then-nascent concepts of "intertextuality". And European social psychologists applied Bakhtin's work to the study of human social experience, preferring it as a more dynamic alternative to Cartesian monologicality.
Distinction between dialogic and dialectic.
A dialogic process stands in contrast to a dialectic process (proposed by G. W. F. Hegel):
These two distinctions are observed in studies of personal identity, national identity, and group identity.
Sociologist Richard Sennett has stated that the distinction between dialogic and dialectic is fundamental to understanding human communication. Sennett says that dialectic deals with the explicit meaning of statements, and tends to lead to closure and resolution. Whereas dialogic processes, especially those involved with regular spoken conversation, involve a type of listening that attends to the implicit intentions behind the speakers actual words. Unlike a dialectic process, dialogics often do not lead to closure and remain unresolved. Compared to dialectics, a dialogic exchange can be less competitive, and more suitable for facilitating cooperation.

</doc>
<doc id="622497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622497" title="MPF">
MPF

MPF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="622498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622498" title="Phylicia Rashād">
Phylicia Rashād

Phylicia Rashād (born Phylicia Ayers-Allen; June 19, 1948) is an American Tony Award-winning actress, singer and stage director, best known for her role as Clair Huxtable on the long-running NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show". She was nominated for an Emmy Award for this part in 1985 and 1986.
In 2004, Rashād became the first African-American actress to win the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Play, which she won for her role in the revival of "A Raisin in the Sun". She resumed the role in the 2008 television adaptation of "A Raisin in the Sun", which earned her the 2009 NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Television Movie, Mini-Series or Dramatic Special. Rashād was dubbed "The Mother" of the African-American community at the 42nd NAACP Image Awards.
Early life.
Rashād was born in Houston, Texas. Her mother, Vivian Ayers, was a Pulitzer-prize nominated artist, poet, playwright, scholar, and publisher. Her father, Andrew Arthur Allen (d. 1984), was an orthodontist. Rashād's siblings are jazz-musician brother Tex (Andrew Arthur Allen, Jr., born 1945), sister Debbie Allen (1950), an actress, choreographer, and director, and brother Hugh Allen (a real estate banker in North Carolina). While Rashād was growing up, her family moved to Mexico, and as a result, Rashād speaks Spanish fluently.
Rashād studied at Howard University, graduating "magna cum laude" in 1970 with a Bachelor's degree in Fine Arts. She is also a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated. She was initiated into the Alpha chapter during her tenure at Howard University.
Theatre.
Rashād first became notable on the stage with a string of Broadway credits, including Deena Jones in "Dreamgirls" (she was Sheryl Lee Ralph's understudy until leaving the show in 1982 after being passed over as Ralph's full-time replacement) and playing a Munchkin in "The Wiz" for three and a half years. In 1978, she released the album "Josephine Superstar", a disco Concept album telling the life story of Josephine Baker. The album was mainly written and produced by Jacques Morali and Rashād's second husband Victor Willis, original lead singer and lyricist of the Village People. She met Willis while they were both cast in "The Wiz".
Other Broadway credits include "", "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", "Gem of the Ocean", "Raisin in the Sun" (2004 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play/Drama Desk Award), "Blue", "Jelly's Last Jam", "Into the Woods", and "Ain't Supposed To Die A Natural Death". Off-Broadway credits include Lincoln Center’s productions of "Cymbeline" and "Bernarda Alba (musical)"; "Helen", "The Story" and "Everybody's Ruby" at the Public Theater; The Negro Ensemble Company productions of "Puppet Play", "Zooman and the Sign", "Sons and Fathers of Sons", "In an Upstate Motel", "Weep Not For Me", and "The Great Mac Daddy"; Lincoln Center's production of Ed Bullins' "The Duplex"; and "The Sirens" at the Manhattan Theatre Club. In regional theatre, she performed as Euripedes' "Medea" and in "Blues for an Alabama Sky" at the Alliance Theatre in Atlanta, Georgia. Other regional theatres at which she has performed are the Arena Stage in Washington, D.C. and the Huntington Theatre in Boston.
Rashad was the first African-American actress to win the Best Actress (Play) Tony Award, which she won for her 2004 performance as Lena Younger in a revival of the play "A Raisin in the Sun" by playwright Lorraine Hansberry. She was nominated for the same award the following year, for Gem of the Ocean.
Several Black women have won in the Best Actress (Musical) category, including the late Virginia Capers, who won in 1973 for her portrayal of Lena in the musical adaptation of Hansberry's play, entitled "Raisin.". Rashad also won the 2004 Drama Desk award for Best Actress in a play for "A Raisin in the Sun" by tying (split award) with Viola Davis for the play "Intimate Apparel".
In 2007, Rashād made her directorial debut with the Seattle Repertory Theatre’s production of August Wilson’s "Gem of the Ocean". More recently, in early 2014 Rashād directed a revival of Fences, also by Wilson, at the McCarter Theatre in Princeton, NJ, which ran to generally positive reviews, and continued an ongoing focus on Wilson's work.
Film and television.
Rashād received a career boost when she joined the cast of the ABC soap opera "One Life to Live" to play publicist Courtney Wright in 1983. She is best known for another television role, that of attorney Clair Huxtable on the NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show". The show, which ran from 1984 to 1992, starred Bill Cosby as obstetrician Cliff Huxtable, and focused on their life with their five children.
When Cosby returned to TV comedy in 1996 with CBS's "Cosby", he called on Rashād to play Ruth Lucas, his character's wife. The pilot episode had been shot with Telma Hopkins, but Cosby then fired the executive producer and replaced Hopkins with Rashād. The sitcom ran from 1996 to 2000. That year, Cosby asked Rashād to work on his animated television series "Little Bill", in which the actress voiced Bill's mother, Brenda, until the show's end in 2002. She also played a role in the pre-show of the "Dinosaur" ride at Walt Disney World's Animal Kingdom theme park as Dr. Helen Marsh, the head of the Dino Institute.
She played Kill Moves' affluent mother on "Everybody Hates Chris" on Sunday, December 9, 2007. In 2007 she appeared as Winnie Guster in the Psych episode "Gus's Dad May Have Killed an Old Guy". She returned to the role in 2008, in the episode "Christmas Joy".
In February 2008, she appeared in the television adaptation of "A Raisin in the Sun". She starred on Broadway as Big Mama in an all-African American production of Tennessee Williams's Pulitzer Prize-winning drama "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" directed by her sister Debbie Allen. She appeared alongside stage veterans James Earl Jones (Big Daddy) and Anika Noni Rose (Maggie), as well as film actor Terrence Howard, who made his Broadway debut as Brick. She next appeared as Violet Weston, the drug-addicted matriarch of Tracy Lett's award-winning play, "" at the Music Box Theatre.
In November 2010, Rashād starred in the Tyler Perry film "For Colored Girls", based on the play "For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow Is Enuf" by Ntozake Shange. In 2012 she starred in another Tyler Perry movie "Good Deeds". In that same year, Rashād played Clairee Belcher in the remake of "Steel Magnolias" (the role originated by Olympia Dukakis). This version has an all African American cast.
Personal life.
Rashād's first marriage, in 1972, was to dentist William Lancelot Bowles, Jr. They had one son, William Lancelot Bowles III, who was born the following year. The marriage ended in 1975. Rashād then married Victor Willis (original lead singer of the Village People, whom she met during the run of "The Wiz") in 1978. Their divorce was finalized in 1982.
She married former NFL wide receiver and sportscaster Ahmad Rashād on December 14, 1985. It was a third marriage for both of them and she took his last name. They were married after he proposed to her during a pregame show for a nationally televised Thanksgiving Day football game between the New York Jets and the Detroit Lions on November 28, 1985. Their daughter, Condola Phyleia Rashād, was born on December 11, 1986 in New York. The couple divorced in early 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="622502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622502" title="Dodge Spirit">
Dodge Spirit

The Dodge Spirit is a mid-size 5- or 6-passenger sedan that was introduced in January 1989 as a replacement for the similarly sized Dodge 600. The Spirit was Dodge's version of the Chrysler AA platform, a stretched variation of the Chrysler K platform. It was assembled at Newark Assembly in Newark, Delaware as well as Toluca Car Assembly in Toluca, Mexico, and shared its basic design with the 1990 to 1994 Chrysler LeBaron sedan, the 1989 to 1995 Plymouth Acclaim, and the export-only 1989 to 1995 Chrysler Saratoga.
The Spirit has also been described as a replacement for the smaller Aries and the hatchback Lancer, though the Shadow launched in 1987 is closer than the Spirit in most dimensions to the Aries and Lancer. A total of 60,000 Dodge Spirits were sold in its first year, enough that Aries production was stopped mid-season. Spirit production ended on December 9, 1994, along with the Plymouth Acclaim and the Chrysler LeBaron, and was marketed through 1995. The "cab-forward" Stratus was introduced as a replacement.
Design.
The Spirit could seat six passengers with an optional front split-bench seat. It had a large trunk, a solid-beam rear axle, and a MacPherson strut front suspension. The Spirit differed from the other A-bodies primarily in the grille and rear lamp styling, and in the availability of a sportier, higher-performing R/T version.
The Spirit is dimensionally comparable to its contemporaneous Ford Tempo, and was also compared with the Ford Taurus, Honda Accord, and Toyota Camry by Consumer Reports. The Spirit sold well; with higher consumer acceptance than the Stratus that replaced it.
Trims.
The Spirit ES and R/T featured "Eurocast" (also called "Snowflake") alloy wheels through 1991. For 1992, the "Turbo Blade" wheel was introduced. Some of the alloy wheels were color-keyed to the vehicle body:
Starting in 1993, the Spirit was offered with a "Gold" package similar to that offered on the 1993-94 Plymouth Acclaim and Dodge Caravan/Plymouth Voyager minivans. This included goldtone-trimmed alloy wheels and gold pinstripes. The Gold package was available with both 4- and 6-cylinder models, with certain body colors.
Engines.
The base engine for Spirit and Spirit LE models was a TBI 4-cylinder engine producing . Optional on all models except the Spirit ES was a , L V6 made by Mitsubishi. Also available in 1989 through 1992—and standard equipment on the Spirit ES—was a turbocharged version of the 2.5 L engine. In 1993, 1994, and 1995, a flexible-fuel Spirit was offered, powered by a multipoint fuel injected version of the 2.5 L engine specially modified to run on fuel containing up to 85% methanol. The R/T version came with a powerful DOHC turbo III with cylinder head engineered and made by Lotus. This engine was rated at and .
Transmissions.
Several five-speed manual transmissions were available with the naturally aspirated and turbocharged 4-cylinder engines, but relatively few Spirits were equipped with manual transmissions. All the Spirit R/Ts came with the A-568 heavy-duty 5-speed manual transmission. From 1989 to 1991, all V6 Spirits came with the electronic four-speed A604 overdrive automatic, which became optional equipment in 1992 and remained optional until 1995. The three-speed Torqueflite automatic was the most popular installation on 4-cylinder Spirits, and was also standard equipment with the V6 engine from 1992 through 1995. A 5-speed manual was offered with the V6 engine in the smaller Shadow, but this combination was not available in the Spirit.
R/T.
In 1991, Chrysler introduced the Spirit R/T, featuring a version of the 2.2 L engine with a 16-valve DOHC head designed by Lotus, who won a design competition against Maserati and Hans Hermann. Fed by a Garrett intercooled turbocharger, the "Turbo III" engine produced and . The R/T also featured unique interior and exterior trims. The only transmission was a heavy-duty A568 5-speed manual transmission built by Chrysler's New Process Gear division, with a gearset supplied by Getrag. Heavy-duty vented four wheel disc brakes were standard equipment, with optional anti-lock brakes. Color-keyed 15-inch alloy wheels were standard, with P205/60R15 tires.
At the time, the R/T was advertised as "the fastest sedan made in America", and one of the quickest performance sedans under $40,000, with Chrysler placing its performance above the BMW M5. It could reach in 5.8 seconds, according to "Car and Driver", making it one of the quickest front wheel drive cars ever offered in the American market. It was chosen as "Motor Trend" magazine's "Domestic Sport Sedan of the Year", beating the Ford Taurus SHO for 1991 and 1992.
All R/Ts were built in Mexico. A total of 1,208 were sold in the U.S. in 1991 — 774 in red and 434 in white. An additional 191 were sold in the U.S. in 1992 — 92 red, 68 white, and 31 silver. The only discernible changes for 1992 were a lower first gear ratio for reduced turbo lag, woodgrain dashboard trim as used on the Chrysler LeBaron sedan, blacked out upper and lower grille inserts, clear rather than amber lenses for the front parking and turn signal lights, and a speedometer calibrated to rather than .
Mexican and South American markets.
Spirits were marketed in Mexico. They were badged as Chryslers rather than Dodges, since the Dodge brand at the time was used only on trucks. The Spirit was introduced in the Mexican market for 1990, one year after its début in the U.S. and Canada. The 1990-1991 Mexican versions were equipped with the U.S. market Plymouth Acclaim tail lights. The initial 1990-model Spirits used a version of the 2.5 L engine operating on leaded gasoline, equipped with a carburetor, a tubular exhaust header, and electronic control of ignition timing. This induction and ignition system used technology and components very similar to those employed in Chrysler's U.S.-market Lean Burn emission control systems of the late-1970s.
For the 1991 model year, Mexico enacted new-vehicle emission regulations similar to those in the U.S. and Canada. The carbureted leaded-fuel engine was too dirty to comply with the new regulations, so a fully integrated engine management system with fuel injection was added to the Spirit. This was not the TBI system used in the U.S., Canada, and Europe. Rather, the Mexican-market Spirits came with a more advanced MPFI setup. The MPFI 2.5 improved performance and driveability, as well as achieved cleaner emissions than its TBI counterpart, but was not used in the U.S., Canadian, or rest-of-world export markets except on turbocharged and FFV models. The Chrysler Spirit with MPFI 2.5 L engine was sold in Mexico from 1991 through 1995, and was exported to Argentina and Brazil from 1993 through 1995. It was employed by the Argentine police in Buenos Aires.
Chrysler de Mexico also sold two versions of the Spirit R/T. The base R/T, sold from 1991 through 1995, used a Mexico-only intercooled Turbo II version of the 8-valve SOHC 2.5 L engine and the 3-speed A413 automatic transmission. These R/Ts were used by Mexican police departments.
The top-line R/T. called "R/T DOHC", available from 1992 through 1993, came with the same 2.2 L 16-valve DOHC engine that was used in the American-market in the 1991 to 1992 R/T with a 5-speed manual transmission. More options and higher equipment levels were available in Mexico, including leather upholstery, sunroof, and 16-inch alloy wheels, none of which was offered on the R/T in America. In addition, Mexican-market R/Ts could be ordered in a variety of different colors, not just the red, white, and silver offered in the U.S. All Mexican-market Spirit R/Ts were badged as Chryslers. A variant of the R/T family, the Chrysler Phantom R/T, was a special-order Mexico-only premium version of the LeBaron coupe equipped with the 2.2 L 16-valve DOHC engine and the "Getrag" 5-speed manual transmission.

</doc>
<doc id="622503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622503" title="Maturation promoting factor">
Maturation promoting factor

Maturation-promoting factor (abbreviated MPF, also called mitosis-promoting factor or M-Phase-promoting factor) is a heterodimeric protein composed of cyclin B and cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK1, also known as Cdc2 or p34 kinase) that stimulates the mitotic and meiotic phases of the cell cycle. MPF promotes the entrance into mitosis (the M phase) from the G2 phase by phosphorylating multiple proteins needed during mitosis. MPF is activated at the end of G2 by a phosphatase, which removes an inhibitory phosphate group added earlier.
The MPF is also called the M phase kinase because of its ability to phosphorylate target proteins at a specific point in the cell cycle and thus control their ability to function.
Discovery.
In 1971, two independent teams of researchers (Yoshio Masui and Clement Markert, as well as Dennis Smith and Robert Ecker) found that frog oocytes arrested in G2 could be induced to enter M phase by microinjection of cytoplasm from oocytes that had been hormonally stimulated with progesterone. Because the entry of oocytes into meiosis is frequently referred to as oocyte maturation, this cytoplasmic factor was called maturation promoting factor (MPF). Further studies showed, however, that the activity of MPF is not restricted to the entry of oocytes into meiosis. To the contrary, MPF is also present in somatic cells, where it induces entry into M phase of the mitotic cycle.
Evidence that a diffusible factor regulates the entry into mitosis had been previously obtained in 1966 using the slime mold "Physarum polycephalum" in which the nuclei of the multi-nucleate plasmodial form undergo synchronous mitoses. Fusing plasmodia whose cell cycles were out of phase with each other led to a synchronous mitosis in the next mitotic cycle. This result demonstrated that mitotic entry was controlled by a diffusible cytoplasmic factor and not by a "nuclear clock." 
Structure.
MPF is composed of two subunits: 
Role in the cell cycle.
During G1 and S phase, the CDK1 subunit of MPF is inactive due to an inhibitory enzyme, Wee1. Wee1 phosphorylates the Thr-14 residues in yeast and Tyr-15 residues in humans of CDK1, rendering MPF inactive. During the transition of G2 to M phase, cdk1 is de-phosphorylated by cdc25. The cdk1 subunit is now free and can bind to cyclin B, activate MPF, and make the cell enter mitosis. There is also a positive feedback loop that inactivated wee1. 
Activation of MPF.
MPF must be activated in order for the cell to transition from G2 to M phase. There are three amino acid residues responsible for this G2 to M phase transition. The Threonine-161 (Thr-161) on CDK1 must be phosphorylated by a Cyclin Activating Kinase (CAK). CAK only phosphorylates Thr-161 when cyclin B is attached to CDK1.
In addition, two other residues on the CDK1 subunit must be activated by dephosphorylation. cdc25 removes a phosphate from residues Threonine-14 (Thr-14) and Tyrosine-15 (Tyr-15) and adds a hydroxyl group. Cyclin B/CDK1 activates cdc25 resulting in a positive feedback loop. 
Targets of MPF.
The following are affected by MPF.
Inhibition of myosin.
MPF phosphorylates inhibitory sites on myosin early in mitosis. This prevents cytokinesis. When MPF activity falls at anaphase, the inhibitory sites are dephosphorylated and cytokinesis proceeds.
Disassembly by anaphase-promoting complex.
MPF is disassembled when anaphase-promoting complex (APC) polyubiquitinates cyclin B, marking it for degradation in a negative feedback loop. In intact cells, cyclin degradation begins shortly after the onset of anaphase (late anaphase), the period of mitosis when sister chromatids are separated and pulled toward opposite spindle poles. As the concentration of Cyclin B/CDK1 increases, the heterodimer promotes APC to polyubiquitinate Cyclin B/CDK1.

</doc>
<doc id="622504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622504" title="Unorganized Centre Parry Sound District">
Unorganized Centre Parry Sound District

Unorganized Parry Sound Centre Part is an unorganized area in central Ontario, Canada between Georgian Bay and Lake Nipissing in the District of Parry Sound. It is made up of geographic townships which have no governing bodies and which are not incorporated as municipalities. The territory consists of two non-contiguous areas, with the main part located directly south of the French River and Lake Nipissing, and east of the Georgian Bay. Shawanaga Township is a small exclave south of it along Highway 69.
Communities.
In addition, the division also includes two geographic townships which are entirely unpopulated:
Demographics.
Mother tongue:
Population trend:

</doc>
<doc id="622511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622511" title="2602 Moore">
2602 Moore

2602 Moore is a small main belt asteroid. It was discovered in 1982 by Edward L. G. Bowell from the Lowell Observatory's Anderson Mesa Station near Flagstaff, Arizona. It is named after Patrick Moore, the TV astronomer.

</doc>
<doc id="622513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622513" title="Infiniti J30">
Infiniti J30

The Infiniti J30, or Nissan Leopard J Ferie ("férié" is French for "holiday") in Japan, was a rear wheel drive luxury car. The J30 went into production on April 7, 1992 as a 1993 model to replace the M30 (which was a coupe), and was launched in the United States after its competitor, the Lexus ES. The car was designed to slot between the smaller G20 and the larger Q45, as Infiniti's first mid-size sedan to compete directly with the Acura Legend. Also, it was fairly small but featured rounded styling uncharacteristic of the crowded executive car class, that is now reminiscent of a four-door coupé. Chief designer for the J30 was Jerry Hirshberg, president of Nissan Design International (NDI) and exterior designer Doug Wilson in 1988-1989. Design work was frozen in 1989. In a promotional video produced in 1994, it was referred to as a "personal luxury sedan" as attempt to define it as a four-door coupé.
To establish that this was a luxury vehicle, the interior was largely designed with assistance from Poltrona Frau [http://www.poltronafrau.com/portal/page/portal/UI/webpages/poltronafrau/home?lang=en] of Italy, whom they had previously worked with on the larger Q45. The interior treatment continued to use the contrasting arrangement from the larger Q45 with a dark color used for the dashboard, and center console, with a lighter shade color used inside for the seats, interior door panels, headliner, carpet, and carpeted floor mats. The driver's side window controls had an unusual placement in that the drivers window switch was both one-touch express down and double-sized, meaning it was the same width as two conventional window switches towards the top, with the front and rear passenger window switches further down, with the window lockout switch installed next to the front passenger switch, instead of the drivers window switch. The front passenger and rear passenger window switches were thumb activated, installed at the top of the interior door pull handle.
Unlike earlier Infinitis, the J30 received effective advertisement with jazz music and artistic camera shots. Power came from a 3.0 L VG30DE V6 (shared with the 300ZX) which produced 210 hp and of torque. While it shares the Y32 Chassis with the Nissan Cedric/Gloria, it was essentially a rebadged version of the Japan-market Nissan Leopard, where it was offered with both the VG30DE and VH41DE V8.
All J30s were built in Tochigi, Tochigi, Japan. Production of the J30 ended on June 18, 1997, replaced by the Infiniti I30 (introduced in 1996). The J30 was packaged with a long list of standard features including (but not limited to) a leather interior, bronze tinted exterior glass, digital climate control, real burlwood trim surrounding the climate control unit, Bose sound system control module,and front ashtray, a power metal panel sunroof, dual 8-way power seats, dual airbags, variable speed sensitive power steering, and three-channel Anti-Lock brakes with ventilated discs front and rear. 
One of the shortcomings of the J30 was its lack of interior room. It had the distinction of being a mid-size car with the space of a subcompact (less than a Sentra) due to its sloping roofline and shrunken trunk. 
Infiniti also produced a touring model, the J30t. This model featured a rear spoiler, BBS style alloy wheels, a MacPherson strut front suspension with a multi-link suspension for the rear wheels (standard equipment on all J30 versions), and HICAS, Nissan's four wheel steering technology (available in the J30t from 1993-1994). The J30 remained nearly unchanged through its production period. Heated seats became standard equipment in the 1994 model year. For 1995, the J30 received subtle vertical ribbing in the tail light lenses and in '96 the diagnostic system was upgraded to "OBD2". Otherwise, the J30 received only minor alterations between 1993 and 1997 model years.
Advertisements.
The J30 was launched with an ad campaign featuring Welsh actor Jonathan Pryce as the spokesman. Infiniti's chief competitors in the Japanese-American luxury car market, Acura and Lexus, used a similar technique in their commercials, which have also featured celebrity voice-overs, done by James Sloyan (Lexus) and James Spader (Acura).

</doc>
<doc id="622519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=622519" title="Pontiac 6000">
Pontiac 6000

The Pontiac 6000 was a mid-size car introduced by the Pontiac division of General Motors in 1981 for the 1982 model year, positioned between the smaller Phoenix and the slightly upscale Bonneville (previously the LeMans). It shared its platform with the Buick Century, Chevrolet Celebrity, Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera, and the Oldsmobile Cutlass Cruiser station wagon.
Overview.
In 1978, GM had introduced downsized RWD midsize cars on the A-body platform (Chevrolet Malibu, Pontiac LeMans, Oldsmobile Cutlass, and Buick Regal). Then in 1982, a new line of separate FWD midsize cars were introduced, also referred to as A-bodies, but actually based on the compact X-body platform. Since GM had not monetized the tooling costs of the RWD A-body platform, they were forced to continue producing them alongside the newer FWD models.
The 6000 was built at the Oshawa Car Assembly plant in Ontario, Canada from 1981 to 1988 and in the Oklahoma City Assembly plant in Oklahoma until production ceased in 1991. They were also made in Tarrytown, New York for a few years. By 1984 the 6000 was Pontiac's best seller, with over 122,000 units sold. Since the demise of the 1000 after the 1987 model year, the 6000 was the last remaining Pontiac to bear the "000" in its name (the 2000 Sunbird was the first Pontiac to drop it in 1985).
In 1982, two trim levels were offered: 6000 and 6000 LE. Both came standard with the new-for-1982 Tech IV four-cylinder with throttle body injection. It made . Optional engines were GM's V6 with a 2-barrel carburetor which made , or a Oldsmobile diesel V6 which made . The diesel engine was problematic and unpopular and was discontinued in 1985. The 2.8 was updated for 1985 with multi-port fuel injection, raising output to exclusively for the STE. The fuel-injected 2.8 made its way into the Base and LE models for 1986, however in these trims it only made 125 hp. The Tech IV was given various updates over the years but was mostly unchanged. For 1984, a station wagon known as the 6000 Safari was introduced to replace the rear-wheel drive Bonneville Safari wagon. In 1987, an S/E model arrived with the STE powertrain but fewer features, and the quad-rectangular headlamps were replaced with the composite headlamps. In 1989, the coupe model was dropped, and the 6000 received a more-rounded roofline with the Buick Century and Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera, and was facelifted for the final time with slightly wider headlamps and a new grille. In 1990, passive front seatbelts were introduced and a V6 replaced the 2.8. After the STE model was dropped from the 6000 line for 1990, the S/E model gained its all wheel drive option. This was later dropped for the 1991 model year. The 6000 was dropped after 1991, replaced by the Grand Prix sedan. In addition, the Pontiac 6000 wagon was the final GM designed station wagon offering from Pontiac, as it was replaced by the Pontiac Trans Sport in 1990.
The last Pontiac 6000 rolled off the assembly line on July 22, 1991.
STE version.
By 1984, Pontiac was in the midst of a resurgence as the division began to reassert its 1960s role as GM's performance make. The 6000STE (Special Touring Edition) was introduced for the 1983 model year. 5-passenger seating with front captain seats and power windows were standard on this trim level (optional on some other trim levels). It featured a High-Output version of the 6000's optional 2.8 L V6. Like that engine, it sported a 2-barrel carburetor, though it delivered 135 horsepower, rather than the usual 112 horsepower. Although intended to compete with similar entries from BMW and Audi, the 6000 used older technologies by comparison. The fuel system was carbureted (competitors had fuel injection) and gauge cluster lacked a tachometer. The 1984 6000STE featured a digital gauge cluster featuring a bar-graph tachometer. The STE featured a driver information center with a system which monitored functions such as lights, doors, tune-ups and tire rotations. For 1984, Road and Track called the 6000 STE one of the top twelve enthusiast cars. 
Special steering rack, and suspension tuning with a self-leveling rear air suspension yielded handling performance comparable to European vehicles. Four wheel disc brakes improved stopping as did standard Goodyear Eagle GT tires, size 195/70R14 (large for the time).
In 1985, the carbureted engine was replaced by a multi-port fuel injected version of the 2.8 L V6, still delivering 135 horsepower. Although the 3-speed automatic remained standard (a Getrag 5 Speed Manual was a no charge option), the new engine accelerated faster than the previous engine.
For 1986, a revised front fascia with composite headlamps, anti-lock brakes, a revised tachometer, steering wheel mounted audio controls (the first of their kind) and a new 4-speed automatic transmission became available . Following this was a two-position memory seat for the 8-way power drivers seat for 1987. New for 1988 was an optional All Wheel Drive system. It was mated to a new 3.1 L LH0 V6 (the first use of GM's then-new 3.1 L in a production car) but only a 3-speed automatic transmission, which did not help acceleration or fuel economy. The all-wheel-drive system became standard for 1989, but was moved to the SE model for 1990, since the STE was discontinued from the 6000 line and moved to the new four-door Grand Prix lineup that year. It was later discontinued from the Grand Prix after 1993.
According to Car and Driver, the Pontiac G6 GT, introduced in 2005, is said to be the spiritual successor to the 6000 STE.
Awards.
The "6000 STE" was on "Car and Driver" magazine's Ten Best list three times, from 1983 to 1985.

</doc>
